 My wife and I live in a rural area near a lake have had a problem with gnats getting through our screens at night and generally tormenting us . It is not unusual to find dozens of them on our walls in the morning . We encountered this product in a Wal-Mart as a package deal with a bug-zapper . As we did n't want both , we opted to order this trap from Amazon . I admit that I was a bit skeptical after reading some of the reviews , but figured to give it a try anyway , as I was tired of going to sleep with occasional buzzing in my ears and waking up with bites.I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised .1 . It caught a lot of gnats -LRB- ca n't comment on mosquitos as we never had any in our house -RRB- . The first night alone , it caught well over a dozen of them .2 . The light is a bit bright -LRB- especially for bedroom use -RRB- but I turned it to face the wall with some improvement .3 . It is not as loud as some reviewers stated . About as loud as a fan -LRB- go figure -RRB- which I found kinda soothing in a white-noise sort of way .4 . Easy to use and empty and sturdier than some reviewers would have you believe.All in all , a pretty good product . Does what I wanted it to rather effectively . It lost a star just because of the brightness of the lamp but I guess that that is a necessary evil to catch the little beasties .
 This product has worked great for us . We live in the deep south , and there are lots of mosquitoes . We wanted something that would help get rid of mosquitoes and keep them away from those of us living in the house ! We have a couple of dogs , so the door stays open a lot from us letting them in and out . We caught a couple of mosquitoes on the first night . So far , it does what it says that it will do . It wo n't capture everything because flying insects tend to hide all over in the house . However , we do have a lot fewer flying bugs ! It has caught flies , mosquitoes , moths , and other flying critters . I recommend it . It 's worth a shot for the price .
 I bought one of these for my aunt a few months ago . She lives in Louisiana and mosquitoes always seem to sneak into the house whenever someone goes through the front door . The mosquitoes on her property are very small , so it 's harder to track them down and kill them like you would with normal sized mosquitoes . She had good results right away with this mosquito trap , so my parents asked me if I would get one for them , too . So this is the second one I 've purchased . I have n't used it myself , but everybody seems to be happy with it.My aunt mentioned that she does n't use it in her bedroom while she 's trying to sleep , because it has a light and makes a little noise .
 i bought this not to long ago . i bought it cause i was waking up with mosquito bights , i wouldnt see any in the day time . so i went out to buy something to kill them at night.for some reason i attract mosquitos , when ever one else is fine im the only one that they go for . no mater were i go.ok , so i came home pluged it in left it on all night . -LRB- i bought from store called OSHA , i didnt get it from amazon -RRB- i thought it didnt work at all , cause i was still waking up with mosquito bights . so i was going to return but before doing so i checked the bottom trap door and out popped out a few mosquitos . so im thinking it works for smaller type of mosquitos so the fan can suck them in.first 2 weeks i would still wake up with bights but fewer and fewer , now after 3 weeks i woke up to no mosquito bights . i have it on day and knight and still working fine . the light is bright so i use it as a night light . so im happy . i gave it 4 stars cause the fan is some what loud but it does what is says it should do . also my 5 year old is able to sleep close to it with out a problem -LRB- its about 1-2 feet away from her head since its close to the couch -RRB- . hope this helps out people .
 I bought one of these for my 4-year old son who was getting constantly bitten at night . I am guessing the bugs were attracted to his night light . After arrival , he went the rest of the summer without a single bite -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . So , it at least seems to work wonderfully with Seattle mosquitoes .
 This device works fine but will not work miracles . I previously used a regular electronic stinger indoors but worried about the fire hazard . Bugs come near this and many miss but if you leave it on all night in a dark room , it eventually gets most .
 I live in the tropics and got this at Costco in the bundle mentioned by other reviewers.I have a serious mosquito problem in my house , especially after we host parties and people leave the doors open for more than 3 seconds . This thing has been catching 20 mosquitos a night for me . I 've had it in my closet , in my kitchen just setting in my bedroom . I leave it on all day and just move it around the house as I see fit . It 's a little bright to have on in the bedroom at night but I put it back there during the day and it still catches quite a few.I could n't be happier with this product and will probably purchase a few more .
 The product is good . It is not that loud . We have not seen any mosquitos in the house since we go this product . I recommend it . As for Amazon , the shipping was outrageous and it took over 2 weeks to get the product . I got two emails stating that it was being shipped and the tracking numbers did not work and the estimated delivery date was wrong . It took way too long . I would not order from there ever again .
 Stinger Insect Mosquito Indoor TrapI bought this product to reduce bugs in the house as a result of me letting my cats outside at night thru i little door that has no flap out to my backyard . I turn the bug trap on at night and find 12-15 bugs in it every morning . I bought it mainly for mosquitos , but it mostly catches moths . My goal was to limit the amout of bugs in the house and I believe it does just that . It makes a good night light also . The fan motor is noticable but it kind of has a soothing hum , like when a computer is on , you do n't really notice it . If my bug problem was not solved , I would have bought another one , but one seems to do the trick
 We bought ours in the beginning of the summer and I was skeptical . In fact the first night I set it up in the living room at night with mosquitos buzzing around and the did n't seem at all attracted to it , me on the other hand was a different matter . Anyway we set it up in the corner of the bedroom and turned it on at dusk , when mosquitos are most active , with in a couple days the night time bites subsided . Now I 'm dumping out about 30 dead mosquitos a week , it has made a huge difference.I have never wrote a review but if anybody else is plagued with being woken up at night with buzzing in your ears and itching skin this would defiantly be a product to try , it beats wearing DEET to bed .
 We too had a fruit fly problem ! We tried many things to get rid of them from electric fly wands to fly paper . We bought this Nosquito and right away this thing was catching them Fruit Flies and taking care of the problem . My daughter once ate half an orange and left it out on the table and some fruit flies gathered on it . I moved the partial orange in front of the Nosquito and viola all the fruit flies are gone lured to the Nosquito by an orange ! Very sweet product for Fruit Flies . It does make a air cleaner type noise , the light is a little distracting indoors and it does n't seem to catch mosquitoes or regular flys very well but this thing is great for Fruit Flies ! I 'd highly recommend this product if you have Fruit Flies but less so for other insects . This product name is wrong and should be renamed to something more in line with Fruit Fly Terminator . Get it if you have Fruit Flies !
 This product works amazing . I use to wake up with Mosquito bites all the time . After two days for running the machine all mosquitos were gone . Great product buy it !
 I have had this product for more than 2 years . I have used this both indoors and outdoors . At one poit this unit was turned off and got caked in dirt and muck . I removed the bulb , washed it down , let it dry , and was amazed when it started right back up . This unit is still effective and zapping all kinds of bugs , day and night . This is why I am buying another unit .
 This is an excellent product that I bought from Costco ; I have two ; one is in constant operation . The bulb died very quickly , 3 months , a major downside . But the flexibility of the device allowed me to rig-up a portable uv light inside the trap . The device still works as the day I got it . I use two of these in my apartment b/c I live close to water and have lots of mosquitoes , flies and , incredibility , spiders . It is as loud as a small box-fan , noticeable , but necessary to avoid the bites . If you rig-up a party-uv bulb instead of the included bulb , it will work like a charm . The included bulb offers no advantage , its the design of the device and any uv-bulb . Cleanup , both a good and bad thing , sometimes requires a can-of-air from the dust and tweezers for those not-so-easy remains . All-in-all , the best `` residential , '' in-home solution for fighting flying pests .
 We have a small fruit fly problem in our house , so I picked one of these up , not sure what to expect since the reviews seem to be so love-it-or-hate-it here . Thankfully , the trap is performing wonderfully for our purposes , and after the first two days there were over 20 flies caught . I think that this device would work very well for any very small insects like fruit flies , mosquitoes , and maybe gnats or anything else that would be unable to fly against the built-in fan 's air suction , but it probably would not be very effective against larger insects .
 I came here to buy an additional unit , since my daughter keeps `` borrowing '' it from me as soon as I fall asleep.I ca n't believe all the negative ratings.I LOVE this product , and have used it almost every night during the warm months for three years , since the same cats that ripped apart my screens have no interest in chasing down the bugs they 've let in . We have clouds of them in Maine.It does n't catch every insect , but it gets a lot of them.Noise ? Yeah , there 's a fan . It 's not as loud as my air conditioner , and certainly not as loud as that pesky mosquito flying around your ear just as you are drifting off to sleep , or that scary moth the size of a small bat that crashes into all your walls.I 'd much rather have the white noise.Light ? Yeah , there 's a blacklight type light , bothered me the first night , now I do n't even notice it . I use it as a nightlight.I empty it outside , and yes , there are always a couple of bugs still alive , but hopefully they go warn their friends to stay away.I would honestly buy it at 5 times the price .
 We live in FL and I have lots of tropical plants that require a lot of watering . Needless to say we get a LOT of mosquitoes in our yard and to top it off my laundry area is in my garage . The mosquitoes are attracted to that area . We bought our first machine over 5 yrs . ago and I set one of these on a shelf above the washer . Poof a WHOLE lot less mosquito bites while doing laundry . The proof was when the machine stopped working -LRB- bulb needed replacing -RRB- and we realized how well it had been working . We replaced the bulb and are still using the machine today . Probably about 2 yrs . ago we bought a second machine to put in the house during the rainy months for the mosquitoes that inevitably end up inside . It really worked ! In the evening the mosquitoes would get into the house from the kids coming in and out all day but with the machine going all night long by morning they were trapped in the machine !! I realize this machine has gotten some bad reviews and wanted to mention that even if you get one of these that quits after a year or two it 's still worth $ 25 - $ 30/yr . I 'll be very surprised if it does n't last at least a year . Keep in mind you have to change the bulb from time to time . B04 4-watts Nosquito bulb by Stinger . If that is n't the problem and you 're handy or have a handy friend try the connection to the bulb . We think our second machine 's connection to the bulb has loosened -LRB- we got at least a year 's use -RRB- and hubby is trying to fix it but if he ca n't we 'll buy another because they work and are worth the money for mosquito free season/year . It is true you MUST ALWAYS remember to slide the switch to power off . Do n't simply unplug it or you will release the mosquitoes that you have trapped before they dehydrate and die . I would not use it in a child 's bedroom in case of a power outage . If you keep one inside your home with trapped insects and you lose power you 're no worse off especially if it 's been a over a day because I 'm told they ca n't live long without food and water -LRB- unless you put it in an enclosed room with a child -RRB- . Before Stinger 's Nosquito I was close to buying the kids mosquito netting for their beds !
 MOSQUITO ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.People who were complaining that this did n't catch mosquitoes have a fundamental misunderstanding about insect biology . Light only attracts moths and insects that have something called `` phototaxis '' . Moths evolved to fly straight at night by keeping the angle between themselves and the moon constant . The moon is very far away so the angle does n't change as they move . An artificial light however is very close to the insect so the angle changes significantly as they try to move . That 's why when they attempt to fly straight near artificial light , they actually auger into the light bulb they were navigating by.This unit , as well as ALL light `` attractant '' bug catchers , is for catching bugs with phototaxis , and it excels at that . I gave it 4 stars because of the EXTREMELY deceptive name of the product . IT WILL NEVER CATCH A SINGLE MOSQUITO , yet it 's called `` mosquito indoor trap '' . Shame on whoever named it that.Mosquitoes are attracted to humans and animals by smell and by heat . Light , if anything , may slightly repel them . If you want to do something about your mosquito problem , turn on a fan . They 're weak fliers , and ca n't get around in strong air currents . Chemical repellent is the only other option that actually works.I use this thing in my kitchen at night all the time to catch moths that fly in the door when people open and close it . It works great for that .
 I have had this for a year , and nothing but success . I bought it for mosquitoes , and found great success with fruit flys . I tried it next to where the dog sleeps , and behold ! - fleas . I plan to buy a second so I do n't have to carry my my present one around , from place to place . As far as the fan sound , it is more of a humm rather than a ` noise . ' Your refrigerator makes more noise .
 This is a great product . Not only does it keep my home mosquito free , it also catches any moths that happen to get in . Living in a rural area , moths are a big problem . That was a very unexpected benefit .
 Owned one of these a couple summers ago and loved it . Somehow we have misplaced it in the house and wanted to find get another one . Looked high and low in the stores and couldnt find it . Came here to Amazon and found it should have known . I love this thing . In the summer and fall we put this close to the front door to get all the little nats and mosquitos that fly in . Would I say that it takes care of 100 % of them no but it drastically cuts down on whats flying around my house . Fan is not loud and blue light is not obtrusive . Would reccommend .
 I live in Manhattan , and have been absolutely cursed by mosquitoes for the past 3 years . Between late April and late September , if I leave the windows open past dusk inevitably the little buggers will find their way inside . So , I tracked down this product -LRB- which was well reviewed -RRB- and figured for $ 30 , why not give it a shot.So I have been using it for several months , and have had mixed success . First , I turn this guy on only at light 's out -LRB- tv off , all the lights off -RRB- . Since I started doing this , I have not had problems getting bitten while I sleep , which is tremendous . Not only that , the quantity of mosquitoes in my apartment has been reduced dramatically . So far , so good ! The issue I have encountered is that whenever I open the catch tray , it is empty . Whether the trap is just attracting the mosquitoes to the light , and then they die elsewhere ; or the universe is playing a cruel joke on me , I can not tell . Regardless , mosquito problem solved.Overall , I am very satisfied because I can sleep through the night without getting crazy mosquito bites . One star knocked off because it does not seem to catch anything.On a few other points that other reviewers mentioned :1 . Very quiet , I do not notice the noise at all .2 . Light is not super bright , but I still would not want it in my bedroom .
 love this item . we have a small living room so we make sure the room is completely dark at night while we sleep and by morning the unit is full of bugs . buying a separate unit for our bedroom . the only con is that the device does not kill the bugs so you have to wait until they are all dead to empty the catch or you risk getting stung .
 We 're snowbirds . We came to Merida , Mexico for five months . We were being eaten alive inside the home we rented . We bought one of these at Home Depot based on a blog mention by an expat who lives here . What a difference this thing has made!But there are some problems :1 . Never attempt to clean the bug cage inside your home . Yeah , the cage is removable , but the `` clamshell '' cage will fall apart , releasing any living skeeters therein . Take the ENTIRE device outdoors for cleaning . Then reassemble and resume trapping .2 . Buy an extra bulb immediately . Do n't wait until the old one goes bad . You wo n't want to be without this device even for a day .3 . Never unplug the device while running . The bugs will be able to exit the trap , as the trapdoor will remain open without power when the power is absent.I counted 24 skeeters in about five days of operation , dead or dull in the cage ! The machine doubles as a nightlight . And the `` noisy fan '' doubles as a WHITE NOISE MACHINE . -LRB- We 're county folks wintering in a city . One person 's complaint is another 's remedy . -RRB- NOTE
 My office has a gnat / midge problem throughout the year . When most people see the unit , they want to hear it make zapping , crackly sounds . They are a little disappointed that it is fairly silent . The internal fan that pulls the insects in is not very strong , but it seems effective enough ! At night it is the only light source in the room and it seems to eventually trap everything . It has even managed to catch a rather large moth . I wish I purchased it sooner .
 This product was a wonderful buy . Amazon did a wonderful job shipping this product . We are having a very fluent year for mosqitoes . Our door opens frequently for our pets . Mosqitoes and other flying insects were getting out of hand . As soon as we set up the stinger it captured all the flying insects in the house . This stinger is an excellent eliminator without having to use sprays or skin products . I would take it camping too . Very clean and efficient .
 We have used this in our cabin in Canada for the last 5 years , and it still runs great and is still effective . Here 's what we found ... for it to be most effective is that there can be no other lights that will attract mosquitos , night lights , outdoor , etc. . Place it away from a window , along a wall , hallway , etc. . Not near sleeping people because their breath is much more attracting than the light . Also , the dark woods of Canada helps as I think as urban areas will have outside lights that will keep the mosquitos near the windows , and if they smell your breath they will migrate toward you . I 'm ordering more for those who come and visit so they can use them in their trailers . Too bad there are several negative responses , you have to think like a mosquito .
 Even though we live in Arizona , we have lots of mosquitoes in our house . We are running the trap pretty much all the time . We have a nice pile of dead bugs in the trap . Even running , it 's pretty quiet and the light gives off a cool eerie glow !
 I 'm not gunna lie , there are mosquito 's in the trap . Which means it works ! A lot of the other reviews talked about it not doing anything when outside , or having trouble pulling the trap out and putting it back in . First of all , this is an indoor unit . I put it in my one bedroom and den apartment , in the corner , turned it on , left for work , and there was a dead mosquito in the trap . Kept it on overnight , woke up , another dead mosquito in the trap . I 've caught about a mosquito or two a day for the last couple days . So it does work!The trap is not hard to take out or put in . You just need to pull it straight out and put it back in straight . I really did not find a problem with it . Now if only it would catch the mosquito 's more quickly , I could wake up one morning without a new bite !
 I used to volunteer at a kid 's camp every year , in coastal mosquito-infested campground . And I mean infested . Every year I stayed in a wooden building with ill-fitting doors , and invariably we 'd get a mosquito at night and it would either eat me alive or keep me up at night . This year , we were warned that the wetter weather created a really bad mosquito problem , and the camp 's propane-powered trap was broken . So I got one of these and set it up , and for the first time in ten years , I slept peacefully all week . There were probably a dozen mosquitos in it by Friday . The fan is not silent , but I was more than happy to live with that for what it did . I plan to bring it to work and see if it works on flies . I 'm tired of hunting them down with rubber bands . And , I got the package deal with the outdoor bug catcher , and hung that one outside our house because we also had probably the worst mosquito year ever . After a month I checked it and it was completely packed with dead mosquitos and a few moths .
 came across the indoor trap and it seemed like a useful thing for next years cycle of flies , skeeters and fruit flies . We unpacked it , plugged it in to check operation and left it running , within an hour or so it caught a housefly that followed us in after our return from shopping . Obviously the device works , even with other indoor house lights and LCD screens on . Buy it , it works
 I got one of these as a part of a package deal containing one outdoor and one indoor trap . I set it out in hope that it would catch European Meal Moths and anything else was a bonus . It catches clothes moths , meal moths , mosquitoes , lady bugs , house flies and anything else unwary enough to `` enter here '' . I found it pleasingly satisfactory .
 This is my second machine in 10 years . You have to have realistic expectations . It is not a miracle , but very effective . I live near rice fields , so have a big mosquito problem . I place the machine in the hallway at night . The Mosquitos get sidetracked by the machine and rarely make it to the bedrooms . It has greatly reduced the number of bites we get at night . I am always amazed at the volume of Mosquitos trapped in the tray .
 I was pretty skeptical about this appliance but was highly motivated to find something to remove mosquitoes from the inside of my home . My state and county are currently experiencing some of the highest West Nile Virus infection rates in the country . Being in the high risk group and having to let two dogs in and out of the house several times a day , I knew I needed to address the mosquito population both inside and outside of the house . I do n't want to cover up head to toe and drench myself in mosquito repellent while inside . Being allergic to most chemical repellents , my best option is to exclude and capture mosquitoes in my home.I have had a few mosquitoes enter the house and have noted them mainly in the morning and evenings when it is dark outside and they are attracted to the lights inside . I did wage a personal war with a flyswatter but wanted a back up plan for the ones I could n't find . So , after reading the reviews , this model looked likely . Moderate cost ; no chemicals ; fairly decent reviews . So , I ordered and it arrived quickly . I set it up on a counter close to the door where the mosquitoes would enter . It is also a central location for any mosquitoes hanging out in the general vicinity of the great room , kitchen and dining room . I truly thought that I had swatted all the mosquitoes into oblivion and no more had entered the house on the day it arrived , nevertheless , I set it up and went to bed.Lo , and behold , there were 4 mosquitoes in the trap in the morning ! I have moved it from one darkened room to another over the course of several days and shut the doors and found at least 1 mosquito in the trap each time . So , I am a Believer ! I am now going to order two more so I do n't have to play musical chairs with the appliance.Yes , it does make some low level noise of the `` white noise '' variety and the blue light is quite bright . It does not bother me and I can sleep ever so much more peacefully knowing I am reducing my risk for exposure to mosquito-transmitted disease . A sleep mask may be in order for those with sensitive eyes if you sleep with it in the same room .
 We 've owned the Nosquito for about 4 years . I got it in a two pack along with an outdoor mosquito zapper from stinger . The outdoor zapper died in one season but we have owned , and used , this one for about 4 years now and the bulb only just went out.The bulb inside is a black light which attracts bugs at night when the house is dark . We have our unit set on a timer and it comes one approximately when we head to bed and the house is completely dark . I think any othe light in the room would make this product less effective . However , in a dark room it does attract and trap small bugs . The fan runs constantly and dries out the bugs and kills them . A lot less stink and mess than a traditional bug zapper.I do think the fan could be stronger so that it could hold bigger bugs but it has managed to trap beetles and inch and half long click beetles . A roach would probably crawl in and out with no worries but if you have roaches this is not your answer!It does not do a thing to attract bugs in the daytime so if you are turning it on in the daytime , or using it oudoors during the day , it will be completly ineffective .
 We were being eaten alive by Mosquitoes due to extra irrigation this summer . We nearly missed this winner but a review caught our eyes from a family who lived on a river surrounded by a swap . The comment was basically , this was the only trap that worked . At under $ 30 dollars , we gave it a try . The first night the mosquitoes were down to a manageable number and the next night , there may have been one or two in the house . Before that , I was sleeping with my head under the sheet trying to keep from being mosquito bait!Highly recommend this product !!! A MOINTH LATER
 I 'm not sure why so many people have issues with this machine , but I 'm glad I did n't listen . We have tried all types of fly/mosquito catchers : The cheapest and easiest way to catch them , inside or outside is with theTAT Fly Paper , 8Pk Fly Paper Ribbon.Another that works very well OUTSIDE is theRescue FTA-SF4 Reuseable Fly Trap with Attractant , but they STINK horribly -LRB- and the smell really travels ! -RRB- . Probably better used on a large property away from people.TheStinger UV40 40 Watt 1-Acre Advanced Bug Zapperis just about the WORST , not worth any amount of money , in my opinion.But thisStinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor Trapdoes the trick very well . We put it in a corner in our kitchen and turn it on at night . It attracts flies , mosquitoes , and other insects with the light , and the fan pulls them into the chamber below where the fan dries them out and kills them . I have NEVER , not even once , had anything fly out when turning the machine on , or emptying/cleaning the chamber . We run water over it before opening it for cleaning , maybe that 's the difference . Anyway , this is the only electronic trap that works for us and we would purchase it again.Noise
 Made drafty house livable . Had been swatting 30 mosquitoes each night late spring & summer , but no more . Stinger machine traps 80-90 % of them . Put the trap in the freezer for an hour & that kills them . Accidentally unplug it for 1/2 hour & yes , some escaped , but not all . Wonderful machine . Hard to imagine any bad reviews . Was a bit hesitant , expecting failure at first - but no way - it most certainly traps mosquitoes effectively & inexpensively with no poisonous bait or methods .
 I took this with me to Sri Lanka -LRB- home -RRB- and I knew this was something I should have bought a loooong time ago . I got rid of my mosquito net and plugged this in . I have to keep the doors and windows closed at 5.30 pm and switch this on for three hours . I go to sleep and let it run for a few mins and if I do n't get bit or hear any buzzing I turn it off . I even add a little air freshner ball to the tray and the whole room smells good after a while.The only problem is if I find it did n't catch a mosquito I have to leave it on and it 's super loud and I got ta sleep facing the other way because of the bright light
 I see all these negative reviews , and I 'm laughing . Mine worked GREAT . Mosquitoes were getting in the house every time we opened the door . Put this in the living room , and they disappeared . It actually drew them away from the bedrooms . So , I 'm wondering how many people here are really customers or jealous competitors .
 I purchased this a short time ago and noticed that the screen mesh on the bottom is larger than the small flying pests that came in my house on my Oregano when I brought it in last fall . This was easily remedied by using my hot glue gun and gluing a finer knit mesh fabric on top of the existing screen . Now the flying pests are staying trapped !
 I bought this product from Ace Hardware : I tried to cancel this ship to store item , but it was too late and it shipped and I took delivery of it ; and I 'm glad I did . I thought my home was mosquito free , but one snuck in and attacked me at night in my bedroom . The next night , I set up the Stinger in the other end of the bedroom and turned it on at dusk to dawn in the bedroom . The next morning , the Stinger captured it and I sent the little vampire to mosquito heaven.It works best in a darkened room , where the bug is attracted by the UV light . The fan noise and the uv light were in the background when I went to bed , and it did n't bother me ; as opposed to hearing that high pitch whine of the wings of the mosquito near my ears , every few minutes and the anxiety of where is it . I 'll take the fan noise any day.Bottom line is , it 's the best purchase this year I 've made .
 This has been a lifesaver for us . The mosquito population where I live is unbelivable.We started using one after one -LRB- maybe two -RRB- mosquitos were in my infant son 's room one night and bit his legs and feet 10-15 times - not an exageration ! By morning his feet and ankles were a mass of welts and blisters . Never again with this mosquito trap!We have trapped mosquitos , flies , gnats , and other annoying flying things most everytime we run it overnight.You will not regret purchasing this mosquito trap .
 I purchased this item for my cabin in Indiana , there are 15 trees on my property within a 3000sq ft radius not to mention all around me . I get alot of bugs due the need for lighting because it gets pretty dark.I purchased this and an outside unit packaged together from Costco when I bought the cabin 4 years ago , the other unit is more of a zapper tpye and we use that too . On the box it stated that one unit was for outside and one for inside so it was self explanatory for me.I LOVE this unit , I keep on the counter next to the sink in a dark corner , it 's a really small corner that I have it in so it 's easy to tell what lands where . I turn off all the lights , the bugs are attracted to the light so they go to it . They enter the unit and it freeze dries them . BUT , they dont ' even need to go INTO it , they just go near it and they FREEZE DRY . I have found NO SEE UMS in the teens and twenties the next morning lying there DEAD . It 's digusting but cool to see . Sometimes , they are DEAD on the walls or on the fridge . I actually was commenting to my husband the other day how great of a purchase this was . I was saying that it 's like bugs are mezmorized or something by the light and that it must be pretty powerful if the bugs land and never move ... . they are frozen dead . It was only today that I happened onto Amazon to search for a large untit for outside -LRB- mosquito magnet etc. -RRB- because it 's gotten pretty bad outside.Like I said it works for us . In fact , I read the negative reviews and I opened it to see how many captures that I have had since April which is the time of year we start coming out here . There are quite a few bugs , moths and mosquitos.YES , it 's a little like having a fan on ... it has a fan in it ... duh.The light is pretty bright too but it HAS to attract the bugs so ... common sense says , turn off all the lights and the bugs will go to it , maybe not right away but you have to give them time to find their way from the screens , windows , bathroom , ceilings and other places to THE LIGHT .
 We and our neighbors were fighting this horrible fruit fly infestation . Put this on the kitchen counter and it 's really made a difference . It 's not perfect . It does n't catch everything . But it 's better than fly strips and those bug zappers . It also catches any stray mosquitoes in the house . I 'd definitely recommend.PS . Some of those other reviews ... I do n't know what they were expecting , a miracle ? : -RRB-
 when it rains we get mosquitos real bad . We like to entertain so when we hae a barbaque people are going in and out . The mosquitos come in also . so at night you look at the walls and see mosquitos or you fell them biting at you . since getting this trapper we dont have that problem anymore . plus its quote it and you dont hear it .
 A good product that works as advertised . We put in juvenile chicken room to cut down on the fly and mosquito problem . The trap filled up with insects on the first night , but remember all the lights have to be out . The only draw back is in the emptying . You must remove the trap and take it outside because some of the trapped insects will still be alive and you do n't want to release them back into the space you just caught them in .
 I purchased the unit for inside my house at night because with recent rains many tiny mosquitoes seemed to infiltrate house . Yes , we have good screens and windows , and no , we do not leave the door open , but mosquitoes find their way in when anyone enters . Outside deterrents helped , but if even one comes in , there is a problem!This is not a cure-all , but it does help . Due to the light and fan noise I keep it in another room at night , but it does attract and trap the occasional mosquito . Definitely worth the price for me , and no breathing in more poisons !
 I love this product . It catches all types of insects , including mosquito 's . It 's best to put it in a dark location so it will attract the bugs .
 This product is so great . I bought 2 , one for each of my kids rooms -LRB- 2 and 3 yr old -RRB- who were getting eat ups by mosquitos . My kids always manage to kick off the covers exposing there legs and arms , and I would find bites all over them , the most alarming were the ones on the face -LRB- poor babies -RRB- . I thought it was bed bugs at first because of the alarming number of bites . I would always do a spot check on the walls and ceiling before putting them to bed , but those buggers would always manage to get bites during early summer.I plug it in and leave it on all day and night . The first day I saw three mosquitos in each , boooya . I love this machine , I only wished it killed those darn things .
 I purchased this bug trap for my office that I built in my backyard . It 's done exactly what it says it will do and eliminated mosquitoes , moths , etc. . It 's not catching flies but I do n't know that it claims it will catch flies . I 'm very , very happy since I can now work in peace .
 It has killed about half the mosquitoes that have been inside our apartment so far this summer . We 've killed the other half , but this machine might have gotten them if we did n't . There are not many indoor traps out there , and in my opinion this one is the best .
 We took this on a camping trip and had this in our tent cabin . It caught lots of bugs , including moths , mosquitos and gnats , and helped us stay comfortable while sleeping . The fan makes a soft `` white noise , '' and the light acted like a nightlight . Great buy !
 After reading the other reviews , I hesitated in ordering this product - wow was I wrong!I bought 2 , put them on a shelf in rooms that are dark at night and where the light could cover a large area , and waited to see what would happenThe first night each one caught 4 mosquitos and one also caught a `` daddy long legs '' to add to the mixEach night after that we catch at least 4 each -LRB- 6 is the record right now -RRB- , and are sleeping better knowing that we will not have bites in the morning -LRB- not to mention the sound of them in your ears -RRB- . As a note - we live in an area not well known for mosquitos , but we got a few anywaysIf you are thinking about buying one , then do so but follow their recommendations for where to place them for maximum effect - they have exceeded my expectationsGood luck !
 yes , the light is a little bright and the fan a little loud . but this gadget is the real deal . it really works . it attracts and confines the little bugs and makes our night 's sleep much more pleasant .
 For years I have been plagued with tiny fruit flies that somehow sneaked in to my house . I have been told they sneak in fruit you buy at the supermarket , or fly in the foor when you walk in . I bought this on a whim , and decided to give it a try . The fan is a little loud -LRB- not really that bad , sounds kind of like a humidifier -RRB- , so I sat it in my kitchen on top of the fridge . After just ONE DAY I caught five fruit flies , a wasp -LRB- did n't know I had that -RRB- , and a stink bug . It also acts a a nice nite light in my kitchen when I raid the refigerator at 3:00 AM . For me its a definite keeper .
 we had a problem with fruit flies in our office and after installing this device within two days all the flies were gone
 I have owned over a year now and the bulb is still working . It attracts nats and mosquitos and once they get close to , the fan vaccuums them into wire basket .
 This product traps all the flying insects in the house while you are sleeping . Its perfect for pet lovers who may carry bugs in their furs . I highly recommend this products
 I was skeptical about buying this since it had some bad reviews saying it did n't work . We live next to a bayou so there are mosquitos year round and they like to hang around the doorways . As a result , at least one gets into the house every time the door is opened . Turns out my infant and 2 year old are both allergic to them ... they swell up into quarter size red welps . Add to the fact that west nile virus is in our area I did n't know how to get rid of them INSIDE the house . Most recommendations are for outside the house which I ca n't control the environment . I did n't want to spend too much money on something that may not work . This works!I have this set up on a bookshelf in the hallway by the bedroom entrances -LRB- upstairs -RRB- . It is somewhat noisy-like a small electric space heater . It has a light that is just a tad too bright which is why it is outside the bedrooms . This runs continuously and I catch at least one mosquito a day in it . My infant has n't been bit once since we had it but my 2 year old did get bit once a couple months ago . This is really worth the purchase and I 'm really glad we got it ! No more welpy kids !
 Caught 7 the first night and around 3 each night . Needs to be in a dark room for it to work the best .
 after returning the first one because the fan was broken , I 'm happy to report that the replacement did what it promised!I 've had it all summer and it has trapped many of the random mosquitos that have made it into my nyc apartment . It 's probably trapped a dozen mosquitos , some moths and other random bugs over the past few months . totally worth the money . Note
 I 've had this product for a week now and so far it has caught 1 fly , and 1 mosquito . This may seem like a low number to you , but I assure you , one fly can ruin an entire weekend . Especially the extra friendly ones that land on your face in the middle of night . I usually end up going to bed raging when a fly is in the house , so this keeps my anger at bay . 1 mosquito ... totally worth it . There are no words that can accurately convey the depth and totality of my hatred for mosquitoes . The mention of the word mosquito always causes me to itch . Knowing they 're being slowly dried out like a piece of beef jerky does gives me a warm feeling in my heart . Ok enough . I do n't live in the swamp , and the mosquito problem is minimal where I live , but I do absolutely hate them , and to catch one is a winner in my book . The blue glow of the fluorescent lamp gives me peace of mind . All this for under $ 30 I ca n't complain a bit .
 My neighborhood has been having serious mosquito problems and this thing is great . No mosquitos are waking up me at night and it caught about 4 mosquitos in the first couple days alone . It works better if you put it high up in a dark place like a closet shelf .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend because his apartment has a weird infestation of mosquitoes , causing him to get bit numerous times in the middle of the night . He and I were both skeptical at first , but after using it for about 2 + months , it 's caught quite a few insects and prevented a bunch of irritating bites ! It 's even caught moths , gnats , and regular flies , so it 's doing more than hoped . The only thing I 'd have to say is a negative , is that the light is extremely bright . If you can get yourself used to a bright blue light glowing over the soft hum of the fan while you sleep , then this product could work wonders . However , if you 're a light sleeper or have trouble sleeping with a light in the room , this may not help so much . All in all , though , this product is pretty amazing .
 This trap caught so many mosquitoes inside our house , we could n't count them ! We set it up on furniture away from the windows , and when it began to get dark around 8:15 p.m. , we turned it on . We 've had a terrible problem with mosquitoes all winter and have been trying everything we could think of to get rid of them . After observing that having the trap door open as far as it would go did n't seem to be trapping mosquitoes , we set the trap door so it was open maybe 1/4 inch . We ran it all night and turned it off at 6:30 a.m. the next morning . The tray was teaming with mosquitoes , but it was easy enough to remove and take to the far end of the back yard to release them .
 I love this product and the company is great , too . This was actually my second unit . The first died after constant use over 3 years . Constant as in approximately 300 nights out of 365 . After contacting the company and explaining the situation , they made provisions for me to get a new one at no cost . While waiting on the new unit to arrive , I also purchased one and gave it away.I highly recommend this item for those that love to sleep with their window open and do n't mind the motor and light .
 This one worked for me and every night it caught three or four mosquitos that had previously been buzzing around my head . Some notes from other reviewers that I agree with - if the mosquito is in the room when you are in the room , this product may not work . However , when it is dark and there is n't anything else to attract the mosquito 's , it did work . I would usually run it for a few hrs in the evening in my room before going to bed , or in another room all night after going to bed and keeping my door closed . Over all , it worked surprisingly well .
 Place this in a dark spot , preferably near standing water , like in your bathroom -LRB- the toilet is standing water -RRB- . They will wander their way to it , they do n't stay put unless trapped in a closed room . I 've had mine 3 days and it has around 30 mosquitoes in it . I did n't ever know there were that many in my house ! I guess they go in there smelling the water , see the UV light in the dark room , and get sucked up .
 We live in Florida and naturally we have lots of mosquitoes . If we have one in the house it will drive me nuts trying to sleep . When we let our dog out into her yard in the evening she invariably brings some back in with her . So I bought two of these . One on the screened in pool deck and one in the house where she comes in from the pool deck . After using them for a week we 've caught many mosquitoes . One night there were 10 in the one on the pool deck ! This is awesome , the one in the house has caught 4-5 . So we 've had very good luck with this trap . I really do n't understand why some people have had such poor luck with them . It 's a very simple design and either it works or it does n't ... hard to imagine why it would n't work for someone . The fan is a little loud , but being a constant noise in an adjacent room it 's not a problem .
 We bought this thing yesterday -LRB- at Walmart -RRB- . We set it up last night & it is amazing ! The lit is bright , so we put it where no one is sleeping . I just checked & there are about 15 mosquitoes in it ! It 's been going less than 24 hours !
 We live in Savannah and just had a Hitchcock-like attack of mosquitoes this spring . Inside . I bought the indoor/outdoor combo set and have mainly used this indoor one so far , having had the set for about 2-3 weeks . I just checked the trap area and there were dozens of dead mosquitoes in there . No other bugs just mosquitoes . So there you have it . I was worried when I read bad reviews but seeing those dead bugs makes me feel so good !
 We live in bug central Florida , and I got this to kill mosquitoes ... it works great . I am not sure what some other reviewers were talking about it will not open if the power goes it does not open . I love it , ran 4 times ... 40 dead bugs . You do have to turn off all the lights so that it works.But I love it !!!
 This item works great . I was a little scared after I saw some of the reviews but decided to give it a shot anyways . To my surprise it did exactly what it said it would do . I set it up in a dark place near the door where most of the mosquitos come in and by the next day I had caught over 10 of them .
 Works great ! No bug zapping sounds to wake you . soft fan is low white noise works great in bedroom .
 I live in Santa Clara , CA -LRB- problem with West Nile Virus -RRB- . Bought it a couple of weeks ago and put it in the living room . I guess it 's only common sense to turn it on at night with all the other lights are off . Works like a charm , caught about 20 + bugs when checked today . 10 + mosquito , some fruit flies and others I do n't recognize.Recommend to anyone !
 I have owned my Nosquito for almost 3 years now , and I am in the process of buying 3 MORE ! Why / , you ask ... Because they work so well that I do n't EVER want to be without one , and I want them in my office , my bedroom and my kitchen.These traps catch a WIDE variety of insects - mosquitoes , wasps , hornets , flies of all kinds -LRB- even HUGE horse flies ! -RRB- , fruit flies , and MOTHS.We have a motion detector/security light on our front porch , and the minute the door is opened to allow entry , my guests are not my only guests if you know what I mean . I mean . it 's really hard to come through a swarm of moths , and mosquitoes and not bring/allow them passage into the house itself.We have a screened in patio , and I would n't think of sitting out there without ` my little bug machine ' ! I currently unplug the one in the living room and take it out there with me . The bugs are drawn to the light and get sucked right into the holding chamber , and I no longer have to slap myself silly while trying to enjoy a nice time of peace and quiet in the warm summer breeze ! How did I ever live without this thing?As far as the ` noise ' is concerned , I have never even had anyone question me about it - and as far as we are concerned -LRB- and I just took a poll of all 6 people that live in the house - the general concenses is `` what noise ? '' My middle daughter said `` It humms the sweetest tune ... There ai n't no bugs on me ! There ai n't no bugs on me ! I would bet there 's bugs on the rest of you mugs , but there ai n't no bugs on me ! `` Personally I like the fact that I can sleep with the covers off and KNOW that in all probability , I wo n't get bit throughout the night and wake up with so much as one single mosquito bite , never mind a whole face full of bites , like I used to.Even my dogs reap the benefits ! And I know this because I came home from vacation , and my dog sitter had not groomed any of our 8 dogs & 2 cats -LRB- all indoor animals that potty OUTSIDE -RRB- , in the two months we were gone - She also had not emptied out the nosquito - and boy was it FULL . And YES ! there were a LOT of fleas in the trap , but none of us got bites on our ankles like we used to . -LRB- and I do n't groom anywhere near as often as I used to , and we still do n't have a flea problem - IF they are even there , they do n't live long enough to breed or become a problem !!! -RRB- Well , as you can see I am a MAJOR fan of the Nosquito , and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who does n't like mosquitos or all kinds of other pests that invade your homes and your lives !
 I bought this item a few weeks ago and have noticed a drastic reduction in the number of mosquitoes !!! Even when I do n't see any in the house , I can go back and check the tray and see that it has caught several dozen , large and small as well ! It 's bigger than I thought but is incredibly light . A very good buy !
 Super Level , Accurate and easy to read.Takes over where the 48 '' level comes up short.Everything about it is solid .
 never had a problem with a stabila level which means i own 4 levels made by them . good levels
 I 'm not a professional contractor . I just do several projects at home that require the accuracy of exceptional tools . The Stabila name sold me on its 59-inch builders level and I am very impressed with the way it 's contructed . I intend to add more Stabila 's to my tool collection , particularly the 24 '' level . Like I said , I 'm not a professional contractor , but nevertheless , I like to impress those who are professionals by having my Stabila nearby when they give me an estimate . Without my saying a word , the professionals understand that they can cut to the chase with a sharpened pencil . And I like that .
 I am a contractor and own 6 Stabila Levels . Will not use another level . Easy to read and true . Never had any trouble with a Stabila Level . People awlays ask why , but after they use mine they always have one in their tool box within a week .
 Tested and proven level . However , I wish the long edges were flat aluminum instead on painted and rounded . I purchased this as a dual purpose level/straight edge , but the edge is rounded and painted . Therefore , you do n't that sharp line that you 'd expect . Otherwise , great .
 the material used in this item is exceptional . You have to stretch the rubber in order to get your impact wrench inside it and it does not break but it shrinks back perfectly and fits right tight to your tool . It can really protect your tool and make it even look great !
 great protector for your air impact gun . I highly recommend it.If you love your tools you need to protect them from abuse .
 What can I say . It is a shower drain gasket . Removed the old gasket which appeared to a cheap version -LRB- i.e. , `` OEM , '' `` cut some corners , '' builder-installed gasket -RRB- version . Leaked stopped . Life goes on .
 I use these Stinger Octenol zapper bait and I have a lot of skeeters living in Ag country with flowing irrigation . I change my lamp annually as recommended and change out the Octenol bait monthy as recommended ... In the peak of summer I have to take my shop air hose out the door and blow out the bug zapper DAILY . I remove on a daily basis 1/2 to 1 cup of dead dried fried mosquito 's ... If you have n't used an Stinger bug zapper with Octenol bait your are not getting rid of all your mosquitoes . BTW , I have been Stinger zapper and Octenol user and a convinced user for six years after trying everything else on the market only to find I wasted my money . You will see serious results if you follow the directions enclosed with the product .
 This is a good product and performed as described in the description itself , however , there were a couple of disappointments . The first was when the product came , it mentioned that if my zapper was a certain type , or did n't have a particular `` holder '' on the underside of the zapper , that I would have to buy the correct holder for the bait . Since I was being eaten up by mosquitoes , with an average of 6 to 8 new bites each evening when going out to water my garden , my husband opted to tape on the bait on the bottom . It has worked very well . It took about a week to get the mosquitoes under control , and then I was able to go out and sit on my deck or water the garden with no to maybe 1 or 2 bites . A great improvement ! My second disappointment was only 1 bait in the package . For some reason I thought there would be at least 2 baits in there and that was a letdown . It also has a strong smell and probably should be opened outdoors when ready to install in the bait holder . Overall , however , because of the bait 's performance and for the lasting of 30 days or more , -LRB- mine has been at 5 weeks thus far and could be because of the taping ? -RRB- , I would recommend and buy this product from them again . I am saving all their connect info for next Spring in time to order for the upcoming mosquito season .
 Mosquitos here are incredibly thick this year . We tried the citronella repellents and they were ineffective . Nothing is better then drawing the bugs in and burning them . this product enhanced the bug lite tremendously but they need to be replaced every few weeks so I just had to get more . thanks
 Mesquitos are not attracted to bug zapper lights , they find you by your exhaled breath . This stuff when attached to a Bug zapper give those nasty little varmets a reason to fly into the zapper and end there miserable and annoying little lives
 I needed to replace the Mosquito Octenol Lure and because it 's hard to find and you can not beat the price !!! Thanksbigwill360
 We use these to replace baits as the dry out . I am not sure if they attract or not , as most of the bugs head for the light . I know we kill good bugs also , but life is not fair .
 The Coast company makes great flashlights and this is no exception . I was recently in the hospital and the nurses all wanted one . Great for examination of small interior spaces . Quite bright .
 All I can say is , WOW . This is bright . I bought a couple things for Coast and should have stuck with one . Thanks !
 This flashlight is amazingly small but so bright . It has a enormous life span and just about does the job for anything . I work on the tech crew for most performances and it works perfectly but is small enough to not take up a lot of space . I would highly reconmend this product to anyone that works in tight spaces or any one that just wants a cool flasghlight . The beam that the light makes reminds me on a spothlight . Great product !
 Fit perfectly , Easy to install . Made the rest of the install go fast . Looks great ! Price was better that other places that I checked .
 I bought this little gem at the Post Exchange before going to Iraq . It ended up my indispensible sidearm of candlepower for 24/7 carrying in a place where darkness is frequent and total.BEAM
 I guess that it all depends upon where you purchase your product . I purchased mine new at Frys several years ago . I am now expecting several more weeks of no power due to hurricane Ike & wishing that I had purchased several as Frys no longer carries this model - only the little one that runs on N batteries . My initial purchase was because it ran on inexpensive , easy to find AA batteries . I am now loving it because I get home at night , flip it on & the soft glow gives me enough light from where it is hanging that I can move through several rooms of my house w/out having to carry a flashlight w / me every second . 2 AA batteries last several nights ... at least enough to act as a fairly bright night light . As for the original ad - using it in a camper to read or play cards by - we tried that a long time ago ... not THAT bright unless the batteries are fresh .
 As an avid super lightweight backpacker poseur , there 's nothing I enjoy more than whipping out the latest high-tech camping device to amaze my fellow backpackers and prove once and for all my imminent superiority . By being a very bright , lightweight flashlight that converts to a nice area/tent/task light with a super cool crystal -LRB- ! -RRB- refracting beam , this little bugger leaves no question on the amazed faces of my companions as to who is the coolest gear head in camp . That 's right , it 's me . Bonus points for looking like a tiny lightsaber or maybe a futuristic magic wand . If Harry Potter were backpacking in the year 2112 , he would no doubt have this hanging off his wizard robe belt . Highly recommended .
 I really like this flashlight , I use it everyday . It is compact and very bright . I feel it is of superior quality and is also a great value . I highly recommend it .
 This is a very sturdy and absurdly bright flashlight . I think it is well worth the money . That it has the glass / plastic `` Refractor rod '' is just a great bonus . Mine also had a little nylon sheath in the packaging in the middle.The rod diffuses the light very well and can really throw off a weak but useful light . I would n't be able to read by it unless it was right next to me but I would n't trip over a stump if using it outdoors . A great way to have a dual tools in one.I 'm not sure about the description with gold plating or whatnot . I do n't see that on the package description.Mine does take the 2 AAA batteries .
 Very easy to install . Excellent quality . Had been looking for light fixture like this for a long time .
 I have given this as a gift twice , and both times it was tremendously apprciated . All of the individual components of this set are absolute TOP QUALITY . I ca n't emphasize that point enough - I have seen other ` sets ' of various items that skimp on component quality . It is also very compact for easy storage under a seat or in the trunk . It is amazing how much utility is engineered into such a small space . I was VERY IMPRESSED with this set.I will make the suggestion that this is a great gift for commuting working women -LRB- wives , sisters , mothers best friends ... -RRB- Also would make a great gift for a teenager buying their first car . It says `` I respect your independence , and want you have the tools to deal with contingencies on the road ... I care about your safety . '' I mention this because it came up as a gift recommendation for ` men that have everything ' and this it is appropriate for a much wider profile of people . Frankly , I might consider this as an off-beat baby shower gift , even , if the soon-to-be-mom spends a lot of time on the road.It is expensive , but for the quality and compactness , it is worth it ! Chip in together , if the price tag is prohibitive - you will not regret it and the recipient will really appreciate the thought .
 This is a very compact set considering how much is inside , fits under any seat . Price is not bad when you look at everything together in the set . Only problem is with the Exchange a blade saw , it 's handle is very cheap plastic and have no idea where to get more blades for it . Other than that all the others are good and have stood the test of time .
 It is a thermocouple ! And you will appreciate having this on hand at 9:30 pm on a Friday night when it is -20 out . I did n't have one when that happened , had to wait until HD opened Saturday morning . Now I have two of these sitting next to the furnace .
 This thermocouple was just what I needed to fix my central heating system . It contained easy to follow instructions -LRB- although you really do n't need them -RRB- . It fit in perfectly and worked the same way . I would recommend this to anyone , just make sure you get the proper length . When in doubt go forthe longer size . Item arrived in a prompt manner and packaged to protect sensitive parts .
 Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words.Product as described ...
 As with the entire quick grip products the features that should entice you to buy and use the Quick-Grip 5906ADV 6 '' Advantage Power Clamp are the ease of adjustment and the fact that it wo n't mar even the softest of wood yet still provide ample force for your project . The screw adjustments make it easier to make fine adjustments on the pressure . People with low hand strength or hand pain can use the trigger ratchet used for the adjustment with ease . It only requires a firm squeeze just over the pressure used for scissors .
 Recieved my new clamps today , they seem to be great quality and a cool new design.But if you look at the picture they seem tobe the medium size quick grips , in fact they are the large series quick grips . A little to big for my intended use but I ` msure I 'll find a perfect use for them someday .
 When I first got my product , it did not turn on - it turned out that the power cord was defective - the company does not make their own cords . But , I must say that Fuji stands behind their product 100 % and then some . They made sure my machine was working in less than 24 hours and it sure was . They were even willing to replace my brand new machine that was just fixed with another brand new machine - well I thought that would of been a waste to send a machine back and for them to send another machine . I am EXTREMELY happy with the Q4 and it sprays Latex paint beautifully . I could not be happier . I give company 5 stars for a wonderful product , and 5 stars for absolutely outstanding service . I 'm not a company employee , I 'm a Navy physician who enjoys woodworking with quality products , and this is a quality product .
 This Fuji Unit is outstanding - I have used this on my recent project of plantation shutters and the project came out beautifully on all 28 shutters . I used white latex paint , thinned with water and used floetrol and the project came out much better than I had hoped . You wo n't be sorry if you buy this .
 The Fuji Q4 has exceeded my expectations . I have used it so farfor about 10 hrs total to spray interior enamel and exteriorlatex . It has enough power to move the heaviest latex andhas the controllability for fine finishing.I have asked the factory a few questions , and they are alwaysresponsive.All in all I am very satisfied.Update Nov 2009 . Still going strong . I have approx150-200 hours on the blower and have shot 20-30gallons of everything from latex to lacquer to conversionvarnish . Has never failed me , and produces excellent results.Have gotten great product support from thefactory -LRB- gun supplies -RRB- . Once you own a good HVLP sprayer , you wo n't use a brush . And Fuji is solid stuff . And theowner is a good guy and gives great service .
 I received my Q4 system a couple of weeks ago , and have used it to paint the left wing of a home-built airplane . The machine is now shipped with a stout black rubber hose which does not crush if stepped on . The turbin is quiet enough that I did not need hearing protection , and the character of noise is not annoying.Once I got the paint thinned to the right viscosity , the gun sprayed a good pattern and was easy to control . There was a lot less over spray than I have seen with similar paint with a high pressure gun .
 Never having used pressure sprayers before , I figured that an HVLP system would be more suited for the finish and trim work that I will be doing . Using the system does take getting used to , with regards to proper thinning , and thickness of spray coat . I 've found out that it is definitely better to lay on multiple thin coats than one heavy coat . If you lay it on too thick , you 'll have to sand and go over with another coat anyway due to runs . That said , it 's better to go slightly thin on paint viscosity . One thing I do n't like about the gun is that it 's not optimized for spraying surfaces that are lying flat . If you attempt to spray horizontal surfaces by holding the gun at a 45 degree angle , you get a lot of overspray that has more or less ricocheted off the work piece . However , if you choose to prop the pieces up more vertically for ease of spraying , you risk runs . In that case , do n't forget to lay them flat for drying because the Floetrol retards drying - allowing the paint to run more than it would otherwise . Cleanup is a breeze . Simply rinse out the cup and run some warm water through it . The big orange store carries a granular cleaner specially formulated for spray equipment that you simply mix with water and then run through the gun . You may have to wipe off the nozzle a bit , but no big deal . All in all , I would say that given a little practice , anyone could get professional results .
 I am new to spraying a finish . I was trying to spray with an inexpensive HVLP spray gun . It did not work worth a hoot . So I went on line and studied equipment for what I am doing , which is spraying furnature . I talked to some autobody shops and they said it is a good system . So I broke down and purchased a Q4 Fuji spray system with a 6 ` whip hose and it works great . I have used it several times and with excellent results . I am learning more about using it and am extreamly pleased . Especially when I understand that my work will only improve . The product -LRB- the Q4 -RRB- is great .
 As with the entire quick grip products the features that should entice you to buy and use the Quick-Grip 5912ADV 12 '' Advantage Power Clamp are the ease of adjustment and the fact that it wo n't mar even the softest of wood yet still provide ample force for your project . The screw adjustment makes it even easier to make finer adjustments . People with low hand strength or hand pain can use the trigger ratchet used for the adjustment with ease . It only requires a firm squeeze just over the pressure used for scissors
 I 'm giving this product a 4 instead of a 5 only because it is advertised as having a rasp . Ummm , I 'm no dummy but I would n't call this a rasp . I was expecting a some sort of a serrated or rough edge that would work well for rasping the edge of the drywall . Best I could find that might be a rasp was the straight , somewhat sharp edge . But , problem solved with a $ 5 drywall rasp from Home Depot . No harm , no foul.But all that being said , as a kicker style drywall lifter it worked great . I was able to drywall my entire basement by myself using this tool . Sure makes it a LOT easier to get that bottom edge off the floor with this tool . It 's lightweight and appears to be strong . I did n't have the problem the other reviewer had with it breaking but I could see how it might if you put a lot of force on it . It appears to be made from cast alluminum which could snap . But , be careful and use it for its intended purpose and I 'm sure it will do a good job for you .
 This tool may looks tiny but it is mighty . We used it to help with installation of a heavy storm door and it was a big help !
 I agree with the previous reviewer that this is an excellent `` tool '' to clean up all of the dust and scraps that have would up on the floor . The unit it self is sturdy and should stand up to lots of use . But that is not all it can do.I found one very cool use for the floor sweep . Since I do n't have a sanding table with built in dust collection , I tried something different . I clamped the floor sweep to my bench top and sanded my project in front of the sweep . All of the sanding mess was sucked up into the sweep and away into my DC system.I definitely give Jet Floor Sweep 1003 and my Jet DC 1100 a big thumbs up .
 The Floor Sweep is an excellent `` tool '' to clean up all the dust that escaped from the DC system and made it 's way onto the floor . The large size , about 24 '' by 6 '' , with a 4 '' outlet , allows for a quick and easy cleanup of the shop floor . Just use it like a regular vacuum cleaner . The plastic housing is heavy duty , will stand up to a lot of use , and abuse.Include a blastgate to the floor sweep , then you can turn it on and off when needed . It is somewhat too large and bulky to clean the bench tops , but does an excellent job on the floor . It is worth setting up a branch on the DC system just for this floor sweep .
 Bought this thinking I would use it a lot , but that has n't been the case . It works fine , but the hassle of getting it out and hooking it up each time for floor cleanup means I use it very little . I use a broom and dustpan , then every few days I open the garage door and blow out all the dust in the shop with a leaf blower .
 I LIKE THE CONVENIENCE OF THIS PRODUCT , IN THAT IT ENABLES ME TO SWEEP AND CLEAN SHOP WITHOUT HAVING TO LOCATE A DUST-PAN , MANIPULATE A DUST-PAN , FIND A TRASH CAN TO DUMP THE DUST-PAN INTO , AND THEN FIND A PLACE TO STORE THE DUST-PAN . THIS PRODUCT IS INSTALLED AT THE BASE OF MY WORK BENCH AND ALSO BESIDE MY SAND-BLAST CABINET . IT IS OUT OF THE WAY AND DOES N'T ROB ME OF STORAGE SPACE . I NOW HAVE MORE ROOM FOR A `` NEW TOOL '' WHERE MY DUST-PAN USED TO BE.YOU WILL NEED TO REMEMBER TO INSTALL IT `` CLOSER '' TO YOUR DUST-COLLECTOR FOR MORE SUCTION . IF IT IS A THE END OF THE LINK , SUCTION IS LACKING.IT IS IMPORTANT TO HAVE THE BACK EDGE AND SIDE EDGES SECURELY `` SEALED '' TO THE FLOOR TO INSURE MAXIMUM SUCTION . THIS IS SOMETHING YOU WILL HAVE TO ENGINEER YOURSELF -LRB- THUS , ONLY 4 STARS -RRB- .
 This product does exactly what you would lthink I built it into my system in my work shop and it works like a charm .
 WORKS FINE IF YOUR COLLECTOR IS STRONG ENOUGH TO PICK UP THE STUFF FROM THE FLOOR .
 Put it on the floor and sweep the dirt in . The vacuum system does the rest .
 I 've sprayed lacquer for years using conventional high-pressure guns . I 'm now working at home in the garage and decided to give HVLP a try in order to avoid the burden of a spray booth . I unpacked the Q3 this weekend and sprayed a large dresser/hutch that I 'd just built with a water-based clear finish -LRB- Ceramithane -RRB- . I got the job done , but I learned a few things in the process that I thought I 'd pass along.In all respects , the HVLP system sprayed just as well as a conventional compressor/gun system . However , after the eight hours that it took me to spray all the parts of the dresser , I came to the conclusion that no matter what system you 're using , if you 're spraying you 're going to have overspray -- that is , if you 're using enough air to atomize liquid finishes . I tried turning the air regulator down , which did , in fact , reduce the overspray tremendously . However , the material would not atomize properly and I had to open the valve back up to get a good finish on the piece . In the end , I had to orient all the critical surfaces vertically while spraying so that the overspray did n't settle on them as they dried . This made all the difference in the world , but it took a lot of time and space I did n't have to start with.On the plus side , you can avoid part of the expense and maintenance associated with a large compressor , which is great . The unit is fully portable -- you can take it anywhere there 's an electrical outlet . It 's not really all that loud , especially compared to a compressor big enough to run a spray gun properly . And , when used with the airflow regulator opened up , it did lay down a nice finish.In conclusion , if you 're considering purchasing this equipment thinking your overspray worries are going to magically disappear , think again . Just keep in mind that you 're never going to get completely away from overspray as long as you 're using air to atomize liquid finishes .
 I wondered what all the talk was about with HVLP . It really does n't seem all that different from the old sprayer I had . I 'd probably do it again , though ... but the hose reeeally needs work . It is promoted as a flexible hose , and that is the downfall . You step on it and the spray instantly becomes a dribble ... messing up your paint or whatever . If the hose gets a kink when you pull it , there goes the dribble again . They really need to re-engineer the hose . It is much quieter than the old compressor I used . With three patterns you can do some pin-point accuracy too .
 I just received my Q3 and upon opening the box , the air hose was abraded in one spot so that the nylon threads were showing . Now , it did n't affect the operation but over the life of the hose , I figured it might fail prematurly some day . I called Fuji on Saturday and left a message about the problem . Monday morning at 11:00 am I received a call from Fuji.After I explained the problem , they shipped me a new hose and told me to keep the old one as a spare . The customer service rep was very friendly and helpful . I was amazed at how responsive they were and willing to make things right . This company knows the meaning of customer service!The manual that came with the sprayer is quite thorough . It really explains the operation and maintenance of the . It also gives basic spraying technique , general thinning/viscosity guidelines and other suggestions.I would definitely buy this unit again !
 I JUST RECEIVED MY Q3 , AND I ` AM HIGHLY IMPRESSED.THE EASE OF CHANGING THE SPRAY PATTERN IS EASY.THE ROUND PATTERN CAN BE ADJUSTED TO THE SIZE OF A DIME FOR VERY TIGHT SHADING.THE UNIT TURBINE IS JUST A WHISPER.I 'VE HAD THE Q3 ONLY THREE DAYS AND I ` AM IN LOVE WITH IT.I GIVE THIS UNIT FOUR STARS
 Worked great and have had good results with this . It is of great quality and the price was good too .
 When I first got my saw back in 2000 , I thought I would get a better blade next . The Dewalt blade worked great though . I 've been using them since . I primarily use them for finish and cabinets too . They are a great price that ca n't be beat .
 The old blade on my saw had been abused , to say the least , and was in dire need of replacement . The price for this set was unbeatable and I needed both a rough cut and a finish blade anyway . I have finished 3-4 mid to large projects with these blades already and they still cut great . No wobbles in the blades , cut true , a great value . I will be buying another set when these wear out , which I do n't expect will be any time soon . Very pleased !!!
 The DeWalt saw blades are the best saw blades for the money , I saw a lot of hard lumber an they stay sharpe longer .
 What more can one say about DeWalt blades . They are great , very sharp , cut like butter through wood and the teeth stay clean without pitch build-up ...
 I was looking for a reasonable price for a quality product and I found it with this two pack of blades ! Now I can switch off between them when cutting construction lumber and doing finishing work .
 Two bladed for the price of one . The 80 tooth cuts like going through butter even in oak or maple . The cut edge is already sanded to about 150 easily.If you have some 2X 's to cut the just slip in the other blade . This is a no brainer .
 I purchased this set of blades to improve the cuts of my newly acquired Miter Saw . Since I am working on some trim pieces I 've only used the 80 tooth blade , but is makes superior cuts , smooth with very little chipping on the edges . When this current blade needs replaced I 'll most likely buy another just like it .
 I grabbed these to go with my new Hitachi miter saw that I grabbed at Lowe 's a few weeks prior . Knowing enough to be dangerous , I figured that I did n't want to be doing any finish work with the garbage saw blade that they gave me so I was looking for an 80 + tooth saw to make some cleaner cuts . While I 'm no expert , I was very happy with the outcome . One downside is that the first few cuts ended up with some yellow residue on the inside of the cut from the yellow rim -- this went away after about 15-20 cuts and after that I ca n't complain at all .
 Excellent saw blades for my miter saw . I have used dewalt blades in the past and always work well and give super cuts .
 IIRC , this set was $ 40 more at the hardware store than on Amazon . I ca n't really say whether or not they perform perfectly because I 'm not a professional who knows what to look for . However , for a novice like myself , they seem to do exactly what I bought them for - to cut wood and to do it cheaply . Like I said before though , I will leave the close scrutiny to someone who knows exactly what they 're talking about.Experience level in relation to this tool
 It was good to get these blades , for the 80 tooth blade makes much finer cuts , though I 'm not sure how much I 'll be using the Kerf , but it is good to have incase some rough cuts need to be made .
 I use these to replace a worn out blade on my Dewalt 12 '' compound miter saw and it cuts like new again.I really do n't have a Con regarding these . They are as good as if not better than the blade that came on my saw.If you need a new blade I 'd consider these but the current price seems to be a lot more than I paid.Maybe it 's a seasonal jump in cost but if you can hold off and watch prices it might pay off !!! I can only assume the spring rush has driven the price up but just do n't wait if your saw is unsafe mine was tearing a bit but not bad .
 I looked at several places for the Dewalt miter blades and your site offered me the best choice and the best price . I am thoroughly happy with your service and your product . I am going to buy this combo if it is offered the next time I need Miter blades . I will refer everyone I know to this site and product .
 I have not used these Dewalt blades yet but , I know because they will perform great as they always do . Thank you
 This is a great deal ! The money I saved buying these blades allowed me to buy other accessories for my saw . Not to mention the fact that after using the 32 tooth blade for cutting the framing I can switch over and use the 80 tooth blade for the molding . The thin kerf of these blades allows for accurate cuts .
 This is a great deal , for any one with a 12 '' mitre saw . . ... I got 2 saw blades a 30 tooth , and an 80 tooth , one for finish work and one for rough every day cuts , ... my saw came with a 60 tooth blade , , now I have 3 blades that will allow me to cut anything I need ... GREAT DEAL , I actually got 1 blade free , ...
 Just right for clean cuts . NOT for use on laminate flooring .
 I purchased these blades for my DeWalt 12 '' miter saw . The 80 tooth blade does a great job on finish work w/o having the extra nicks and chips on the ends of the hardwood as I have had with other blades .
 I have used these blades in my comp . miter saw for a number of years . As a contractor , I have logged hundreds of hours over the years with these blades and have been extremely pleased with their performance . Being carbide tipped , they become disposable once they 're worn . But if you take care of what you cut , they will last along time and provide good performance . I always keep a worn one on hand for the times I am cutting questional materials -LRB- dirt embedded etc. . . -RRB- to keep the good blades sharp .
 I have been thrilled with the saw blades , but I had to go buy something else because they took so long to get here . Because of the great price , I waited and did not cancel my order .
 Excellent additions for the saw . Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country . -LRB- had to fill the space -RRB-
 These Blades are the ticket when you are on jobs and could run into almost any need as we all know
 I have had my De Walt for several years . The blades are of high quality and as long as you use them for what they are intended for , they will last for many cuttings .
 With a blastgate at each machine , you can control the air flow from the DC unit as if you only had one machine hooked up , providing the most efficient use of the air suction . By opening and closing each blastgate , as needed , you will get the maximum amount of air flow at all times.For a more `` durable '' blastgate , there is a metal version available at a premium . But I have found the plastic gates work just fine for most operations . The only negative item for this blastgate , and even the metal blastgates , WHY are the ends tapered ? All the other fittings for the DC system do not have tapered ends , only the blastgates.Overall , it is a good product that allows for maximum use of a dust collection system , with a blastgate installed at each branch to control the air flow to the machine in use .
 Time will tell how good they are ... but they appear to beof good quality
 This faucet set looks fabulous with my old fashioned tub and I get so much more use from the hand shower feature . The gold tone brass has held up well . I had my contractor install it as well as purchase and install a matching drain assembly .
 This flange for a table saw works great . Pulls most of the dust from the table saw down and into the DC system . The flange , mounted upside down , on the table saw allows for a dust connection from the bottom of the table saw . It 's underneath , so it is out of the way of any sawing going on , and will collect almost all the dust generated.The only negative was , there are no mounting holes , had to drill them myself , but it was no problem . I guess this allows it to be used for many different table saws ...
 Made a plywood adapter , and use this flange to attach the dust collector to my Delta table saw . I have the flange connected to a short piece of flex tubing , and then to a blast gate that is mounted on the saw frame . This way I do n't have to crawl under the saw to connect - works great .
 works fine with my table saw a bit hard to put in on my chaep Sears portable table saw but with a few modifications it fit and works fine .
 I have no complaints about the blades they do the job the box says they will do what else is there to say !
 Needed new blades for my table saw and cutoff saw and these did the job . I like Dewalt blades because they stay sharp longer .
 The blades are great ! They have the stand by name of DeWalt that cuts sharply and accurately . The price is better than most big box stores and shipping was amazon.com fast !
 My father in law loves this package of saw blades . He loves the dewalt brand and glad that they came in this size package . This is exactly what he was looking for .
 In the BIG box stores the price that I paid for a double pack was the cost for one blade . This is where I will be getting all of my blades from now on . . GREAT DEAL !!!!
 Once again , with free shipping , no tax and no hassle , Amazon retailers beat the pants off the national home improvement chains and you do n't have to wait in lines or burn fuel to get there . They have performed very well on a 10 &#34; table saw and super smooth cuts on the 10 &#34; mitre saw as well .
 Could n't go wrong with a good price on a valued name brand saw blade and these lived up to the expectation .
 i bought these blades to install a new hardwood floor in my bedroom , i did not try them yet , but they are good blades for the money .
 You have to love DeWalt products -- those bright yellow colors , easy to spot on store shelves , etc. . Just too bad they sold out to Chinese-based Black & Decker and are now just another piece of junk label , with no substance behind them . However these blades are the &#34; cats ' meow &#34; . Best price for the best quality .
 Really pleased with purchase . I got what I expected just as advertised . Will definetely continue purchase blades from here . No complaints
 I received this item on time and it was packaged perfect . The blades were in mint condition , they cut like a champ , and I used one for my Miter saw and the other for my table saw.I 'm a happy camper now . The price was outstanding as well . It listed a $ 5.22 deduction so therefore i did n't feelthe shipping price was bad at all . Again thanks Amazon.Mr . B.
 Just the blades I was looking for . Most of the stores near me did n't have both blades or the price of one was what I paid for both of these from Amazon .
 I have been using Dewalt circular saw blades for years . I have never been disappointed.I am a pallet maker and put any blade to the test because of the nail infested boards . I do try to avoid nails but time is money and I ca n't fiddle with every board to make sure that there are no nails in the blade 's path with every board.For me , the most important quality of a blade is longevity . Fewer boards cut per blade make my costs go up and I make less money . The Dewalt blades arrive true and sharp . They gradually dull as I inevidably cut through nails but they last longer than any other blade I 've used over the years .
 I bought these table saw blades for my son , for Christmas . Because they were a gift , I ca n't comment on the quality and performance . But I have purhased Dewalt blades before , and would purchase them again . The product actually arrived faster than promised , and that was during the Christmas rush .
 was looking for something else when i saw this package deal . works well on my radial arm and also on my table saw ... good , durable and economical
 I priced these items at stores and what a big savings this was .
 Excellent item . I think these blades cost more individually than this 2-pack . Incredible deal . Dewalt blades are great , have been using them for years . Very smooth cuts . Shipping was very fast . Thank you !
 I just received this saw blade package in the mail today . But over this past weekend I found the same blades at Lowe 's for $ 10.00 cheaper . Between 32-34 dollars and no need to wait to have it shipped . All the reviews I 've read say that there great blades I will see this weekend as I have many projects to get a start on while the weather is getting better . `` Mac '' from Southgate , Mi .
 When I ordered these saw blades it was because my compound miter saw needed a new blade and money was tight . The combo pack of 10 '' blades from Dewalt was considerably less expensive than most of the other blades that I know to be good , so I was not expecting to have the best quality cuts . Boy I could n't have been more wrong ... These blades are great and believe me you will not be disappointed at all . They cut smooth without any strain on the motor of the saw and with virtually no tear out . What a Value !!!!
 Contrary to the pictures in amozon , these are n't made in the USA , for those that care . They are , of course , made in ChIna . I like to buy USA made products and I hate to be misled . We might as well buy the cheap Chinese blades if that 's what the `` American '' companies are going to sell . `` Woodworker '' is the brand that comes to mind . I 'll update with a quality review later .
 I 've used these blades for many years on table and miter saws . Great performace on construction grade work and passable -LRB- 32T -RRB- or acceptable -LRB- 60T -RRB- for lower grade cabinetry work .
 Very good price for 2 quality blades . I paid less for this double pack of Dewalts than I would have paid locally for just one blade -LRB- except a B&D blade at W __ mart which was only general purpose -RRB- . The 60 tooth crosscut does a decent job on moulding with almost no splintering , and cuts true . Good buy !
 very good saw blade , i just used 60 tooth , very nice cut on my pre finished hard wood floor pieces .
 Both the 32 tooth rip blade and the 60 tooth crosscut blade produced smooth easy cuts .
 The price is right on this purchase ! One for the chop saw and one for the table saw . Even with overnight shipping it was less than what one blade would have cost me at the lumber yard !
 I just bought these blades to replace my table and miter saw blades . After replacing them with these blades , all the cuts seem to be very easy and clean . The price is very good for two blades as compared with other brandname blades . These are best for home use because I do n't want to spend too much for the blades that could cost nearly the same the price for the saws themselves.I would highly recommend this pair .
 I just hooked this up to my 4 '' collector and it 's great , very easy to connect with the enclosed clamps . I use it mainly for my miter saw and the hood captures most of the dust . The hood also works to clean up after I 've used my table saw .
 Good valve for the money , you ca n't go wrong with Honeywell Products , I replace the thermocouple every year regardless of use
 For my application , a 7 year old Smith Gas Boiler . This thermocouple is perfect . Ive used longer , but 30 inches is suffice and not too long . Every year by October , before winter is here , i give my boiler a simple tuneup . A brand new thermocouple , a cleaning outside of boiler and ducts and after first ignition for the year , i bleed the air out of my system , for the first four hours . This has worked for me perfectly . And Thanks to Amazon , these thermocouples are accesible . I keep atleast two spares , incase pilot goes out and wont reignite .
 This is fine for connecting to the machines directly , more than flexiable enough if you have them on wheels to move around . For the long runs from the vacuum itself , I used thin wall sewer PVC from Lowes . This is about $ 8 for 10 ' length , so half the price of the Jet hose . With smooth walls , it should be better for air flow too . The joint fittings are comparable in price , so even buying the reducer to fit the PVC to the Jet hose , I still saved a lot of money ... I needed 3 24 ' runs of piple for my shop to hook up 8 machines.Use thin wall PVC sewer pipe for long runs , and get the 4 '' to 3 '' inside diameter PVC reducer ... it fits perfect inside the Jet hose . Connect this hose to the reducer and the machine and you 're in business ...
 It works well for runs . It is not as good for connecting to tools . However , the clear heavy duty version of this is expensive and this will do the job if your willing to take the disconfort .
 The hose is still in the box , but it looked okay . Only time will tell if the quality is there .
 This is an excellent Dust Collection Hose . It does measure a consistent 4 '' and always fit easily over the connection fitting . It is somewhat flexible and very rigid , but will not coil back into itself . This might be a problem if you move your equipment back and forth.The other hose options are a Clear Hose , which allows you to see any possible clugs and air blocks in the DC system . And there is a 50 foot coil hose , which is not as rigid , but it is sturdy and it will coil back into itself , allowing for the movement of machinery.I used all three in my DC system . The clear hose where large particles would be generated -LRB- lathe , bore machine -RRB- , the 10 foot rigid hose in areas that would always remain fixed in location . And the 50 foot coil hose -LRB- cut up , of course -RRB- on machine that I move back and forth from the wall to the garage floor . I do n't have endless space in the garage for all the `` needed '' equipment I have to use.All three hoses work just fine , no problems , no issues .
 This hose fits the standard 4 '' couplings snugly . The nice thing is that it will not get damaged by accidentally stepping on it . It springs back . It is light enough to be used as a movable hose for picking up a pile of sawdust . It is n't affected by a strong vacuum , so it is strong enough to not collapse without springing back . Nice job Jet . It is a wire reinforced hose.The wire clamps are the best to secure it . Typical band clamps , like the type that are used for water hoses are not suggested . They spread themselves over the coiled wire . Such a wire is not meant to collapse . The wire clamps on the other hand are meant to slide down in between the wires , meeting with the plastic hose material , enabling the preferred compression directly onto the sleeve . Jet makes nice wire clamps as well.Overall highly recommended .
 I use several of these hoses in my shop to connect power tools to my Jet vacuum system . They work great . They work the best with the wire clamps . I recommend using a distribution of rigid plastic or metal pipe to get to the woodworking machine , then use one of these hoses to connect the machine to the rigid system . These hoses also can be used to vacuum the floor or other areas but are a bit clumsey due to the large diameter .
 I bought this hose to use with a Jet dust collector in my one car garage wood shop . Though my shop is small and the collector is very portable , I decided that the best dust solution for me was to duct the collector down one wall of the shop with several gated outlets for various stationary tools and one gated outlet near the floor for mobile tools out in the center of the room.This 10 ' Jet hose proved to be an essential component of this system . I used 4 ' lengths of galvanized metal duct everywhere that I could , but I still needed plenty of this flex hose to make the connections to my radial arm saw and miter saw -LRB- since the dust ports on these tools move while in use -RRB- . I have been very pleased with the rigidity and strength of this hose - in fact , my only beef is that it is almost too rigid . If you have a length of it that you use for mobile tools , it is very cumbersome since it does not easily roll up for storage.I am happy to report that this hose fit perfectly on all of my 4 '' dust collection fittings -LRB- all of which were made by Jet also -RRB- . In my opinion , the hose is well made even if its a bit too rigid , and the price is ok . I have also used the Woodstock International hose and find it to be cheaper and more flexible but not nearly as strong or crush resistant . Choose the one with the features that meet your needs .
 An A + product and a reasonable price . Be ready to warm up this hose to get it flexible and buy the grounding kit ... plastic hose can really build up static electricity ...
 I PURCHASED THIS BEFORE I REALIZED I COULD HAVE PURCHASED TWICE AS MUCH FOR A ABOUT THREE BUCKS MORE.Jet JW1032 4-Inch x 20-Foot Black Dust Collection Hose
 I 've used these blastgates for about a year in my home basement workshop and have never had a problem . I 'll admit I do n't use the shop every day , but for the casual user , these gates work great ! I have about 4 of these in use . Most of the gates are connected on a hose or pipe in a vertical position -LRB- where the gate control is horizontal -RRB- . This might help the problem that others on this forum seem to be complaining about -LRB- with dust collecting in the gate slot -RRB- . As far as the taper goes , I 'll agree the design does n't need to be tapered . However , using the wire hose clamps tightened securely , I 've never had one come off when I did n't want it to .
 I picked these up at a local Menard 's store for about half of the nearly $ 8 being charged here . I installed four of these in my small garage shop duct system , and so far I am well pleased with their performance . In fairness to the other reviewers , I do n't put a lot of fine dust through my system though . The tools I have hooked up through these gates include a planer , radial arm saw , miter saw , table saw , jointer , and band saw . Aside from the table saw and bandsaw , these tools do n't produce loads of very fine dust , so my gates have never clogged . By leaving the dust collector running for 10 seconds or so after the tool is turned off I have never had problems closing these gates . I can not say if they will `` wear out '' over time since I have had them less than a year , but I do n't expect them to.In short I am happy with everything about these plastic gates except for the price !
 This product is a great deal at its current price . I modify it and use for a particular need in my business .
 I have blast gates permanently mounted on my saws , and use the Jet quick-disconnect fittings and flex hose to connect the tools to the dust collector . Works great . Ca n't comment on the gate plugging as I never close it .
 Quality , good size guage , copper wire and a long run . Enough wire to cover the entire dust collection system running along a 20 foot wall .
 This is a black 3 '' hose , made of ABS plastic . The sizing is very consistent , as I cut it into 3 foot sections , each end maintained 3 inches . The hose is very rigid , almost crushproof , yet flexible enough to move from side to side and up and down and all round . It is not flexible enough , though , to move back and forth -LRB- in and out -RRB- as if you were moving machinery from the wall to a work area . But it is an excellent hose for permanent pieces of equipment for your dust collection system .
 I needed a 5 '' blast gate to connect my large drum sander to dust collection . These are hard not easy to find and the price was very good . The gate is made from plastic like most low end gates . It will not handle a lot of abuse and needs to be cleaned out regularly for it to close all the way . Still it funtions very well and I would buy again if I needed more . Great for the small size wood worker .
 This is almost identical to an associates Lecia Disto Classic , same case , same screen , all the same functions including the pathgarus -LRB- sp -RRB- function . The only differance is this does not have the built in scope . For $ 200 less than he paid for his Classic I can live without the scope . The PLS-1 from pacific laser systems has the built in scope for just a little bit more through some other companies .
 In my experience this remarkable tool makes repeatable measurements -LRB- + / - 1/16 '' -RRB- over great distances.It makes documenting COMPLEX existing conditions easy and accurate for one person .
 i use some other tools from yhis company and i have been realy satisfy this is a new tool for measuring and i did not have this tool befor . since this is new product from this company.but the price is still to high.i hope they lower the price soon so i can buy one since i need for measuring over 100 to 250 feet which this one is my prefer if i get the right price : abot $ to $ .
 These are exactly what I needed to protect my sink . They are almost impossible to find in stores so finding them online wasterrific . These have a very light scent which does help with sink odors .
 This item works as advertised . I bought this when I was setting up my dust collection system and wanted to connect it to my spindle sander -LRB- which takes a shop-vac type of connector -RRB- . I was not careful when I read the dimensions of this reducer . This will not work for such purpose . It will work if you want to connect your shop-vac to it and then connect the other end to the 4 '' connector of a machine . The problem is that a shop-vac is 21/4 '' and not 21/2 . There is a different adaptor you could use for that .
 Inially I was upset with this , it did n't fit . Well , my mistake , I did n't see the OD part . Anyway , I found the perfect spot . It fits the 21/2 inch port for the Dewalt table saw perfectly . I have now replaced the elbow fitting that came with the saw that for some reason is set to point at the saw leg , making it useless . Now my saw is easy to connect to my 4 inch collection system .
 I bought this thinking that I could put my vaccum accessories on my dust collector - They do not fit . This is a hose to hose only fitting . It is built well for a hose to hose connector , so I give it 5 for that purpose only .
 Great for using with a Sears or equvilant shop vac size hose at 2-1/2 '' . Do n't forget to get a piece of 4 '' hose to go with it since it does not directly hook up to dust collector on saw .
 The description by Robert Feeser -LRB- one of the top 500 reviewers in Amazon -RRB- explains ` This adapter is great for mating the popular 21/2 '' vacuum hose size to your 4 '' hoses . This 4 '' is a male end that will fit well into your 4 '' hose acting as a female , and the 21/2 '' end is a female that will receive your 21/2 '' hose as a male . :--RRB- I do n't know why that is so funny , but it strikes me that way . That is the best description I can give it . These Jet adapters fit perfectly ' .
 Great for using with a Sears or equvilant shop vac size hose at 2-1/2 '' . Do n't forget to get a piece of 4 '' hose to go with it since it does not directly hook up to dust collector on saw .
 If you need to step down in the DC system , which is recommended , this works great . The ends are to size stated , the hose fit easily and the wire clamps put it all together snuggly . The fitting allows you to step down from a larger main line to smaller branch lines near the machine , thus increasing the air suction , where it 's needed most , by the machine .
 It is what it is . An adapter/reducer for saw dust collection systems . It is plastic and black . This item has been reviewed .
 I bought this to use with a Big Gulp Dust Hood . Turns out that the OD of the adapter and the Big Gulp were the same . However , the small end fits my Shop Vac perfectly . So instead of moaning and groaning about it , I simply cut a piece of sheet metal 143/16 '' x 23/4 '' and made a wide band clamp . Bend both ends 1 '' and 90 degrees for tabs . Drill 2 ea 1/4 '' holes for clamp screws and install to couple the two sections together . Bending the sheet metal to a nice round shape is easily done over a section of 3 '' PVC drain pipe . Elapsed time , about 20 minutes . Estimated cost , 15 cents , 27 cents counting nuts and bolts . Just as rigid as a friction fit , too.JB
 What can I say . It does the job it was intended for . Nice heavy plastic .
 This connector is female on both ends . I did n't pay close enough attention to the description while shopping and ordered it expecting to be able to connect my 21/2 '' shop-vac hose to the 4 '' dust collection port on my table saw . Needless to say , I was dismayed to discover the diameter of this adapter and the port on my table saw were the exact same OD - meaning it does n't fit without a 4 '' hose between the two.If you do end up in the same situation as me - do n't give up hope . I aligned the adapter and DC collection and wrapped a length of duct tape around both . A solid connection that converts my tablesaw from 4 '' to 21/2 '' and works great ! Hope that helps those who were in the same situation as I. For those who have yet to purchase , just make sure this is really the product you are looking for.In case anyone is really concerned , the actual construction of this adapter is solid and accurate .
 I used a few of these in my war against workshop dust
 This adapter is great for mating the popular 21/2 '' vacuum hose size to your 4 '' hoses . This 4 '' is a male end that will fit well into your 4 '' hose acting as a female , and the 21/2 '' end is a female that will receive your 21/2 '' hose as a male . :--RRB- I do n't know why that is so funny , but it strkes me that way . That is the best description I can give it . These Jet adapters fit perfectly.To securely connect this adapter , I suggest that you buy the Jet wire connectors , instead of the standard band clamps . Since most dust collection hoses have a wire running through them , band clamps can not compress them . The Jet wire clamp goes around the wire in the hose , and it grips the material directly to the fitting . I tried using the band clamps , and after having to reattach them on a regular basis , I went to the Jet 4 '' wire clamps , that is why I am making such a big deal out of it . I have never had to retighten , or reinstall the hose on the adapter since . The wire clamps work perfectly . Highly recommended .
 There seems to be some confusion/frustration about this item so consider if this is the item you actually need . This product is not designed to go directly from a 21/2 '' dust port to a 4 '' hose . If that is what you want get theJet JW1000 4-Inch to 2-1/4 - Inch OD 2-Inch ID Reducer2 1/2 '' dust ports typically have 1/8 '' thick plastic which creates an interior diameter -LRB- ID -RRB- of 21/4 '' . I own the JW1000 adapter and it fits perfectly into/inside my 4 '' dust collection hose and into/inside my 21/2 '' port on an oscillating spindle sander . Delta has an equivalent adapter -LRB- Delta P/N 50-482 -RRB- but I do not own it so I ca n't recommend for or against it.Consider your application , measure the diameters , and then choose the adapter that fits your need .
 Just be advised , this is not a standard 4-2 .5 reducer , this thing will only work with a jet machine 4 '' coupling .
 I used this adapter to go from my tablesaw to shopvac which is ... suprise , suprise ... 4 '' to 2.5 '' ! Only problem was the 4 '' side would not fit into the outlet of the saw . This is because both are tapered to accept a hose . So ... I cut of piece of 4 '' dryer hose about 3 '' long , and strapped them up with the metal bands . Works for me with nominal dust .
 If you need to go from 4 '' to 21/2 '' it does the job !
 If I had known that this was included with the Dust Hood I would not have ordered it . It is now in excess of my requirements .
 This reducer did fit my Jet band saw because it has a 4 inch cast iron port . I also ordered the 4 inch quick disconnect so I used a pc of 4 inch pvc to connect the 2 items and they work fine .
 So we used this reducer to fit a hose through the 2-1/2 inch part to release the hot air made from the air-condtioner even though we had to use a lot of duct tape . It works but I guess that the hose was too long and it blew a fuse . Overall this item was shipped as described !
 A basic plastic 4 '' to 2.5 '' dust collection system reducer . Quality but nothing magic .
 This is a black 2 '' hose , made of ABS plastic . The sizing is very consistent , as I cut it into 3 foot sections , each end maintained 2 inches . The hose is very rigid , almost crushproof , yet flexible enough to move from side to side and up and down and all round . It is not flexible enough , though , to move back and forth -LRB- in and out -RRB- as if you were moving machinery from the wall to a work area . But it is an excellent hose for permanent pieces of equipment for your dust collection system .
 This hose fits my Jet bench top spindle sander dust collection 2 inch outlet perfectly . I added a couple of 2 inch clamps and a 2 inch to 4 inch adapter fitting , and was able to connect my sander to my dust collector . Other than that , it 's just another black plastic hose , doing exactly what it 's meant to do .
 Just what I expected . Wish that they had more in stock , I could have used another 10 ft.
 I have a small dryer cleaning business and have been buying the 4 '' clamps from Lowes Hardware store at a cost to me of about $ 2 each untill I decided to look online and found this company with this product . I honestly dont know how they can sell these same quality clamps as cheap as they do . I bought a couple of dozen the first time just to try them out and they are `` GREAT ! ''
 It helps us save lights by only turning them on when we need them . It also beats fumbling around in the bathroom to find the light switch in the middle of the night .
 I love this . Helps when I have to get up during the night . Have n't run into anything since I received these . The only thing I wish is that they were battery powered . I have to put them in an outlet , but i still love them .
 I put these motion-activated night light around the hallway and they light up when you walk near them -- super neat and does the job ! If they would last more than a year I think they will be well worth it . I have only had these for a month and so far so good -- my last one I bought lasted for 2 + years !
 I highly recommend purchasing this motion activated night light . It is bright , and functions well . We use it in our bathroom , and find that sleepy people no longer need to fumble for light switches .
 I use this in my garage , since my electric door opener light has failed . The Cooper motion activated light works fine to give me the light needed , when I need it .
 I have used these motion activated lights in my home for years . In the approximately ten years that I have used these lights I have not had one burn out or fail . They work reliably and as advertised . I use them both in my heated house and in unheated garages with no problems . They are reasonably priced .
 For lighting the insides of deep cabinets , this HS8 is just what I have been looking for . This Cooper Lighting HS8 90 Degree Motion Activated Night Light reduces the risk of fire , and reduces power use.I have a master on-off switch wired to control the outlets inside my cabinets , into which night lights are plugged . When the switch is off , obviously , no lamps can light up . This is primarily to reduce risk of fire . -LRB- Cabinets at my house get packed high with odds and ends . -RRB- When my master switch is first turned on , the default response of this HS8 night light -LRB- that I received -RRB- is to turn on , whether or not there is any motion detected . If the master switch is left on , my HS8 night light will eventually turn off , within a few minutes . Unless , of course , someone is working in the cabinet . In that case , the motion detection sensor keeps the light burning.This is exactly the response that I was seeking . I could not find this type of lamp in any brick and mortar retail store . Some retailers claim that this type of lamp does not exist.The HS8 night light that I received works fine . But , as some reviewers have reported , `` infant mortality '' might be high . Mine has worked fine for nine months , so far . It probably has survived its infancy . -LRB- High `` infant mortality '' in electronics is where an electric item has a high probability of dying in the first few hours of `` burn in '' use , but will last for years , if it survives that infancy period . -RRB- But as one perceptive reviewer stated , before you throw away a HS8 night light that has stopped working , verify that the light bulb is OK , and securely mounted in the socket . Bulbs might possibly be shaking loose from vibration , during shipment ! And the bulbs WILL burn out . They are not LED , but ordinary filament incandescents . Only the pilot light is LED.And that LED lights only briefly , when power first reaches the HS8 . This HS8 is very frugal with electricity .
 My husband and step-kids have the worst -LRB- irritating -RRB- habit of never turning out the lights when they leave a room so I decided to make it easy -LRB- or rather , `` easier '' ... . after all , how hard is it to flip a switch ? -RRB- on myself , who normally had to go around and do it for them . Our home is 2-story , 3200 square feet with 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms , so that 's why it feels like it can become a chore.Now , when someone gets up in the middle of the night , these are the only lights needed ... I have them placed in the bedrooms , hallway , stairway , living room , kitchen , bathrooms , etc. I especially like them for checking on the grandbabies in the middle of the night without disturbing them.For some , I suppose a downside would be a cat or other pet constantly setting them off , but they do go off after about 45 seconds.I have had some of my lights for about 2-3 years with no problems , however I did change the bulb on at least 2 of them after they burned out.As far as the angle in which they detect , I have one placed across the room from the foot of the staircase , and it lights up when you reach the bottom . As long as nothing is obstructing the pathway , they detect motion very well.All our relatives and overnight visitors love them also . I think these will make great stocking stuffers at Christmas time . I hope they are never discontinued ! I love , love , love these little gadgets !!!
 Excellent , bright , long lasting , great motion detector . Wal Mart evensells the push in light bulb in different colors . Has been in use forabout 3 years . Still working like new .
 These lights do what they are supposed to do which is light up when i pass them . I use them in the bathroom and at the bottom of the steps . Great quality product that provides just enough light .
 The motion sensor works very well , and makes this night light very convenient . The amount of light output is just right , and I like the warm incandescent better than LED night lights . However , the ambient light sensor threshold is set so that the night light comes on even when the room light is quite bright . So , the light is operating pretty much night AND day .
 THIS LIGHT IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY , , JUST FOR THE SAFETY OF A LIGHT AT NIGHT TO MOVE AROUND WITHOUT TURNING ON ALL THE LIGHTS , , VERY VERY GOOD VALUE AND CONVIENENT THANKS JOHN
 This was really a great product , will update if any future issues , east to set up and super light for my long hall way . I had a different battery powered light before this one and got tired of recharging batteries every month . This is really a nice light , replaceable bulb and nice quality product .
 I have an older Regent night light and wanted a replacement back up for it . This one is better than the older one in that it does not activate when the room is lit by other lights -- which the older one did . It is just fine .
 I have 10 of these lights in my house . I like them for walking around at night and they light my way to anywhere I am going without having to turn on overhead lights . They are very sensitive and stay on for about a minute or so . I also like that I can easily replace the lights when they burn out . I just replaced a bulb and I think I bought my first set about 4 years ago . They are a very good value and look good .
 I purchased this light 5 years ago after researching motion lights for our bedroom since we had to get up several times each night . Motion lights are almost non-existent in stores , off the shelf . Even searching the internet got me no where . I did find a modern looking , conical shaped motion sensor light on-line and ordered it . It gave out virtually NO LIGHT ! A waste of money . This light illuminates a room adequately and without the need to turn on other room lights -LRB- in order to see your way through the room -RRB- . This was definitely the winning light . I also bought one for a long hall in our house . Works great ! Some reviewers complained about its size but if you are looking for a night light that will do the above you MUST compromise size . The smaller light I purchased prior to this one was not worth the money and barely lit up the room . This one did stop working after 5 years and I immediately replaced it with an identical model . Still a good buy . SUMMARY
 This lighting device is so nice for my kitchen . I walk into the room and instant lighting for me to see around . There seems to be enough light so that I do n't have to turn on the big overhead light . I am very pleased .
 I was n't sure if a motion-sensor nightlight would work , and knew nothing about this one when I ordered it . It 's perfect ! It always comes on when it 's supposed to and stays on for a few minutes . It 's not too bright , so you 're not blinded in the dark . It 's the perfect light for walking to the bathroom in the middle of the night .
 This is the first motion sensor light we 've purchased that lives up to its claims . It ONLY switches on in the dark when you move in front of it . May not seem impressive to some people , but our household has purchased numerous `` motion sensor lights '' at the big box stores that have not done the job . Also , I do n't think the light is too large . We have a standard outlet in our bathrooms . It fits perfectly in the top portion leaving the lower for my blow dryer , etc. . No problem . Just love these . Glad we bought 2 . Am thinking of ordering more .
 My sister had one of these and every time I visited her I would comment on how much I liked it . Tried to find it - or something similar - for a long time , but never could . Finally found the exact same thing on eBay and bought a dozen over the past couple of years . Friends who see mine want some so I end up buying them for my friends too . It lasts forever and the best part , light is bright enough to see well enough not to trip on anything and only comes on when someone walks into the room . Excellent product .
 I 've ordered these before from Amazon . They are a great light and quite sensitive to motion . I will continue to purchase more , as needed and highly recommend this unit to anyone who wants a light that will go on as soon as you step out of bed , round a corner in a hallway or enter a bathroom in the dark .
 Love the motion sensor on the night light . Hard to find , good quality , fast shipping .
 I bought this along with the `` Globe Electric 88101 LED Motion Sensor Night Light '' so I could compare the two . This one is larger and much brighter . It 's the better choice for lighting a room or hall where disturbing a sleeper is not an issue . THe Globe Electric is small and not too bright , but enough if strictly using as a night light . It has a nice soft blue glow , enough to see things clearly immediately surrounding the light.Both work well and as expected .
 We ordered 4 of these and they are great for the hallways at night . You do n't have to stumble around looking for the light switch . They are great safety devises to have at the top of stairs .
 This thing gives off enough light to clearly do your business in the bathroom without having to turn on the light at night . Motion sensor works a treat though it isnt wide enough for hallway use , it would work well at the base of stairs or stair landing . Warm incandescent light from a standard C7 Christmas Tree bulb . Diffusion globe to even out clear bulb harshness . Leaves the bottom plug usable . Very simple and intuitive ... just plug it in ! The light cover removes easily and intuitively for bulb changes . The motion detection on and off keeps the bulb cool and the power usage with incandescent way down . You can even get LED bulbs for this if you want , or in the future.I will be getting another one for the other bathroom . Very happy with the purchase . Would buy again and would recommend to friends and family.I will probably be getting downward firing lower output motion sensing LED night lights for the hallways . This thing is bright enough to be an area light for a basement , shed , garage , mud room , covered porch/deck or kitchen . Highly recommended .
 My plug in-motion activated light has been working for a few years now - so this is a ` just in case ' back up purchase.Because I love this light.Night light will cast a warm glow over the kitchen when I enter in the evening .
 I have 11 of these lights in my home . They are good . Five of my friends now have the same lights in their homes .
 I have one of the lights in my garage that is about nine years old and it still works as good as the day i bought it . I like it so well i just bought another one for the other side of the garage . . It 's A Good Product
 In my mind , I can not depict a better product of its kind for safety and convenience . I have these lights throughout our house . No walking in a dark room groping for a light switch . The safety factor can not be measured . My wife , who works for an elder services organization , has recommended these during their seminars for elders trying to maintain their independence . I highly recommend these for any age group . I like these so much that I give them as gifts .
 This sensor night lamp works as described . I love it but find it a bit too long for a night lamp . It lights beautifully .
 I had purchased one of these motion activated night lights about 8 years ago and was delighted with its operation so I bought a second one shortly thereafter . I had those two lights for years and took them to a different house when I moved . I recently decided to buy a third light but could not find the exact light in any of the retail stores I tried . I found other motion activated LED lights but none provided the amount of light I needed . Once I went online I found the manufacturer and an online store where I could buy another light like the ones I had . I ended up buying 7 more . These are great night lights . They are perfect for every dark corner or hallway . The Lights turn on automatically when you enter the area and will turn off automatically one minute after you leave . I no longer have the need to find the wall switch in the dark when I enter any room of the house . I definitely would recommend this light .
 I am very happy with the Cooper Lighting HS8 motion sensing night light . I use mine in bathrooms and can report that they work well . They light when a person enters the space , but are not so sensitive that they light when the cats wander in . If you are looking for reliable motion sensing night lights , these fill the bill .
 We purchased 2 of these years ago from a big box store for a `` big '' price . We ordered one from Amazon at a great price , and it works perfectly ! . I use it at the front door and at the top of the stairs because it alerts us when someone enters the door or are approaching the stairs.I ca n't image not having a Cooper Motion activated night light .
 I bought this motion activated light and plugged it into a rather long , narrow walk-in closet . It has made a huge difference for the better as the door to the closet is only a foot from the bed . When my husband goes into the closet , this light is just enough for him to see to get what he needs , but not so much as to shine in my eyes and wake me . It goes off very soon after he leaves the closet , and I 've not been disturbed at all . It 's better than the old nightlight I had in there , and a lot better than having to turn on the bright overhead lights . It shines wide enough that I rarely need to turn on the lights at all . The light has functioned flawlessly after more than two weeks ' use as of this date . I am very happy with this light .
 but a little bit yellow . can get warm because it uses an incandescent light . It 's on so rarely - only when motion is detected AND the room is dark - that energy usage is not an issue . But even if you want to , you 'll have a strange problem
 We bought three of these night lights . On the first night one of them acted only sporadically but this was fixed by simply tightening the bulb in the unit . My only complaint is that they do not turn off when you turn a light on . This seems a little wasteful and like an easy fix , but other than that we like them !
 It 's funny how little things mean a lot . This night light is by far the best night light I 've owned and I have owned it for over 7 years . It is one of the few I found that turns on with motion and then shuts off . Not like those day to night models that shine all night . I use this in the bathroom so it lights up for those midnight -LRB- or later -RRB- trips to the potty . :-RRB- Great product !
 Save electricity . Only lights up when you needed it.Very well made and light is very bright unlike those ghostly white led lights . This is incandescent warm white .
 I use these in combination with the green low-energy night lights . The low-energy night lights provide reference points in the dark and these -LRB- near the stairs -RRB- come on when there 's movement . Good coverage and sensitivity.Update
 This motion light has great whole room lighting ! The sensitivity is just about right and it looks great . As a plus you also still have use of the outlet below it . As a bonus it also has a daylight override so it is n't coming on while enough light exists in the room and someone or something walks past it . I plan on getting a couple more because this is the best light like this I have ever owned !
 ... for myself and as gifts . I take one with me when I go on overnight trips for use in unfamiliar surroundings . I 've had these for at least 3 years and am back to purchase more for gifting . I have one in the bathroom , another in the livingroom and a third in the kitchen near the cats ' bowl . I should have taken 2 when I visited my parents recently ; one to leave for them ! I will give them a couple as stocking stuffers , a fine gift for elderly family members . Highly recommended .
 I have four of these around the house for about a year and am very pleased with their quality . They are activated by motion and do n't turn on when there is sufficient light in the room . I bought several for my parents and they love them too . No more fumbling around in the dark for the light switch -LRB- particularly when your hands are full -RRB- . They are fairly bright and sensitive , so I would n't recommend them for a bedroom .
 These night lights are better than those that stay on all night since they only come on when it picks up motion and then they turn off . If you need constant light go with the others but if you need an area to provide a little light without turning on the house lights this is a great option . I have them in the halls , kitchens , BATHROOMS , and babies room . I especially love them at 2am when you are trying to make a bottle for a crying baby and do n't want to turn all the lights on .
 Love these lights . . My home does n't have lights on the stairs and these work great . They only come on when someone goes by them and they do n't stay on to long . Would buy these again .
 has helped while potty training the little ones . they can now go on their own ! Very bright no problems there .
 This is great for those who have to get up at night . It comes on when I get to the bathroom door and goes off just after I go back to bed and settle .
 These sense motion from about 15 feet away then turns on for 90 seconds . The light is enough to light a hallway or bathroom . It leaves one outlet unblocked on a dual wall socket .
 Just what the bill payer needed . I am very forgetful about turning off lights . Now that I pay the bills , I am prone to finding ways to reduce utility costs . These little lights throw just enough light to allow me to find my way around the basement to the freezer to get a meal . I do not have to turn the main lights on at all ! I do not have to use those hated cfl lights that everyone seems to hate to save a couple of bucks . The cfls still have to be turned off ! Not these . They also throw about the same amount of light as a just-turned-on cfl . Well , maybe not quite , but still enough ! And the little bulbs are a lot cheaper !
 the sensor works great , it lights up a good size area.because of the elongated shape it would not plug intomy garage outlet which has a cover that folds back .
 I bought this on the reviews of other customers and it 's great . I get up early for work and I need light and this does a great job at doing that . Whats great is the motion sensing . I hate night lights that are always on . It works so great , I ended up buying a second one .
 Bought three to cover an area at night ; only needed one . Very strong and dependable at even 40 + feet , the beam comes on at about 150 degrees - much more than 90 degrees . Now have one upstairs and one down . Gave one to my mother , and buying more for my disabled brother .
 Bought this to provide light in half-bath at night and it eliminated the need for the overhead light altogether . Very bright and energy saving too since I only operates when activated by motion , rather than an always-on light activated by a light sensor . Now I have to replace all the others I bought previously ...
 This light comes on as soon as one enters the room , stays on if you move a little at least every 90 seconds , and then goes off after you exit the room . It provides enough light for me to not need to turn on the room lights unless I 'm trying to use the mirror -LRB- would n't advise anyone to try to shave or apply makeup in its light , for example -RRB- , which is a huge energy save . Not to mention effort and hygiene save , since no one ever has to touch the light switch when just using the restroom . And all that for only drawing 7 watts , and only when it is dark out and someone enters the room . Perfect for its purpose , which in my case was lighting the hall bathroom .
 This movement activated light works every time . It is activated only when the room is dark . It is nice and bright , giving enough light to find what you are looking for in that room without turning on the overhead light .
 I absolutely love these ! If you have a dark area you often walk into with your arms full , it 's a great help .
 I bought this light over a year ago and I like it so much that I just bought two more . It works pefectly and it still has the original light bulb . This light is perfect for those rooms where you need a good light for a brief moment but where a night light would bother you because it is on all night -LRB- like in a bathroom connected to a bedroom -RRB- .
 Works perfectly . Turns the night light on when I walk into the bathroom . No complaints . Fast shipping . I bought this to replace the first one I had which lasted many years .
 I have 5 of these in the barn so I do n't have to turn on the big lights to close the doors at night.Each one lights up about 20 feet around them.The bulbs last alot longer than the light sensor ones because they 're not on during the day or when nobodys around .
 Motion sensor is excellent . Just the right amount of light for a dark room . Price to value is excellent . Highly recommended .
 I 've tried three different lights and this one was much the best.Very bright for a light of it size and turns on very fast with every motion .
 Feels well made and durable.Very solid warm , bright and cheerful light.Stays on for about a minute . Plenty of time to take care of business.I have mine plugged into my reviewedWestinghouse T00448 2-Outlet Indoor Mechanical Timer , White . Very nice
 Potty training my son and the final step was to allow him to get up to go potty by himself at night . Was looking for a light that would light up enough for him to see , come on automatically , not be too bright , and turn off during the day . This light is all those things.If there were half star ratings I would probably give it 4.5 stars with little dings for the following
 I had been searching for a night light to eliminate bumping into furniture at night when the lights are out . The sensor is amazing and picks up on any type of movement from all angles of my living room and hallway . It always gives me some warning when the cats are getting into trouble . . Could not be happier with this product .
 The Cooper Activated Night Light is quite large with just over a three-inch x two-inch frosted ` night ' light . So it is quite bright and works great.The night light is not ` all white ' like the main -LRB- first -RRB- photo . The word ` Regent ' is on the night light just above the red LED power indicator light - which always stays on -LRB- when you have power to the night light -RRB- !
 It illuminates very well . A little large - but it works for the areas I have them in . Ordered one - liked it enough to order a second . I have one in the bathroom and it is bright enough that I do not have to turn on the overhead light at night . Remains on for just the right amount of time . I would buy again .
 Got three of these a month ago and they work great ! Exactly what we needed for a dark hallway at night .
 We got this when a family member took a tumble down the stairs after shutting off TV and lights . It will prevent that by going on quickly , but it 's supposed to deactivate unless it 's dark , but it goes on at all hours whenever the cat or any of us walk by ! Still , it does what we asked of it .
 Excellent product . Detects motion from about 10 feet . Light bright and soft ... light does not come on when room is light enough ...
 Nice and bright . Lights up the whole bathroom . A bit sensitive but works for what I need it for . Has a huge radius .
 The motion night light is perfect , does exactly what it is supposed to do , after no motion for 30 sec the light goes off . You can even change the bulb to a 7 watt from a 4 watt that it comes with or put a color bulb in other then white , like Christmas colors , white clear 7 watt is the best . i purchased 3 of them .
 Exactly what I was looking for . I have the light plugged into an outlet in my kithen and it provides plenty of light when activated if someone walks in there overnight .
 This light works great . No problems . I wanted it a bit brighter for the space I installed it into , so I just popped off the opaque white bulb cover .
 We actually put two of these in our two car garage . The sensors work great and they provide enough light for when we enter and exit the garage
 Wonderful for anyone getting up in the middle of the night . We have three of these and they work great . Plugged one into our hallway , one in our bedroom and one in the bathroom . We do n't have to turn on any lights or wake anybody else up to walk around the house at night . Slightest movement activates . Keep away from moving bed linens .
 No more fumbling in the dark at night to find the light in the bathroom . No more blinding light when you turn on the light . Just walk in and you will be pleasantly greeted by a glow that radiates throughout the bathroom . More than enough light to see and be safe . I even placed one in my laundry room to supply enough light to put in a load of wash , move wet clothes to the dryer and even fold the dried load . This was a GREAT buy !!
 I bought one if these to replace an LED night light with a light sensor that was n't sensitive enough for my dark house -LRB- it would stay lit all day -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised to find this light to be much brighter than my old one . The motion sensor is also much more functional than the light sensor on my old night light . I 've had mine for 2 months now and it 's still working fine . Although it 's a bit pricey for a night light , I 'll probably get another one at some point .
 I bought two of these lights several years ago and really liked them . I could no longer find them locally . Amazon had them and I ordered three more.They really work great .
 My house is dark even in daytime . So I have installed motion-sensing switches and lights in several rooms . These work great to light up my path momentarily through a room-especially near stairs.After experimenting with a light like this I bought some more . Some lights like these do n't turn off during &#34; dark daytime &#34; in my house but these do just fine .
 love this little night light . No need to turn on lights just to walk down a hallway . plenty of light to illuminate your path . save on energy . works great .
 I replaced my Mr Beams with these . More expensive but does n't eat up the batteries . These look good and puts out a nice ambient light that is n't harsh but adequate .
 I have it in a hallway and the motion sensitivity is good . Perhaps wish there was something to adjust the length of time it stays on , but this is not a major issue .
 It works very well and lights up when we need it . We have it in the bathroom and it gives us very good light at night .
 I have had this set in my tool box at work for over 3 years now , and have n't had any problems
 Under the `` Technical Details '' section it states `` 5 - Pack '' . I do n't know what this means , I thought I was buying 5 clamps but was disappointed when I only received one . As for the product it 's just a standard hose clamp as advertised .
 I found this hose clamp to be the perfect accessory to get my ... order over the magic ... free shipping barrier . It is likely I will find a use for it over time so it is a valuable addition to my emergency repair kit I keep in the garage .
 If you 're in the market for a good quality hose clamp at a good price , look no further . I have used this clamp for almost a year now and it has performed above and beyond my wildest expectations . When I 'm not clamping large hoses with this clamp , I use it as a paperweight to hold my important papers on a picnic table on a windy day . The only problem is that I keep on misplacing my screwdriver , making it hard to me to loosen the clamp to put it on a different hose . I like to change hose clamps every 3 months or 45 miles , whichever comes first , on my wooden-horse car . And no , not as big as the one in the mythology books , but just big enough to get me to work and back -LRB- clamp salesman with Clamps-R-Us -RRB- .
 Although the universal flange is not flexible , it has a wide variety of potential uses . With a 4 '' hose opening , it can be used as a small sweeper type attachment , mounted directed on a machine , or into a `` cabinet '' attachment.I built a small 6x6 box , mounted this flange on one end , left the other end open , and leave the box on the end of the workbench . When down for the day , just swept the dust/debris to the end of the bench for cleanup into the DC system . The same type of application could be used on a lathe , drill press , or for anyother type of equipment which does not have a pre-assigned dust port . This allows you to create your own dust port.A nice simple attachment for any DC system .
 Well made . Saves a lot of time not having to fabricate something , and for just a couple of dollars.dust collection
 I bought this replacement when the motor in my old blower turned crispy at the beginning of last winter . This one was the best price on the web . It was an exact replacement for the old part . I mounted and hooked it up easily.I only have one complaint . The part did not come with the gasket that fits between the fan body and the furnace . They could at lest offer the gasket as a separate part .
 I did n't figure that there was much of a differnce between hose clamps . I used both - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with my ribbed hose for dust collection . The wire band clamps were easier to put on , held better , seated well , and stayed on .
 This wire clamp has the most holding power for all types of hose .
 This is a nice simple piece of critical equipment . If it did n't work properly , it could cause a lot of hassle -LRB- air gaps / hoses coming off -RRB- . The two wires fit easily over the end of the hose and seated snuggly on each side of the hose groove and then clamped up nice with just a phillips screwdriver . The wires strattle the ribbing on the hose , creating a nice tight fit . I put on several of these wire clamps without one problem , air leak or lose hose.The steel band clamps just did not stack up . They did not hold as well , or go on as easy -LRB- stripped the threads -RRB- . Go with the wire clamps .
 Very nice , well built sink strainer . All metal construction , unlike some other products -LRB- e.g. , Houzer 190-4200 Stainless Steel Drain Basket Strainer -RRB- that have plastic parts . Perfect fit to replace the broken plastic strainer on our laundry sink . Installed easily and works great with no leaks whatsoever . Comes with everything that you need except the plumber 's putty that will make for a perfect installation.It 's not often that a purchase will exceed expectations and be reasonably priced , but this Keeney 878PC Bar Sink Strainer does both . It 's a great product and a tremendous value .
 I bought this to replace the sink drain that came with my camper that has a cheap plastic stopper/strainer . It is the most reasonble price I could find and qualifies for supersaver free shipping . Nice construction . The rubber seal does allow a trikle of water to leak thru , which is quite common due to the small diameter and light weight . After seeing the quality I bought one more for the bath sink also . Nice product .
 Verrry nice !! Smooth , quiet , seems precise . Pricey ! I found some new Onsrud blades made in Germany on Ebay that list for the same $ 140 price but were selling for $ 23 . It was Onsrud 's Ebay store and I believe that these were surplus . Check that out , but buy Tenryu if you have the money .
 If your dust collection hose is at an end , and you still have a machine to travel to , then this splice is your answer . Both ends were at 4 '' , the hose fit nicely , and the wire clamps attached snuggly.The splice allows you to use up all the hose , no matter the length of the run .
 Easy to use when connecting some shorter pieces of hose . Be sure to clamp tightly .
 I used this fitting as a component of a Dust Collection box for my radial arm saw . It was very sturdy as I had expected since it was a Jet product . And for the price I paid I think it was a really great bargain .
 RATHER THAN BUY A NEW BOX OF FLEX HOSEJet JW1032 4-Inch x 20-Foot Black Dust Collection HoseAND HAVE A BUNCH LEFT OVER , USE THIS ITEM TO SPLICE TOGETHER THE PIECES OF FLEX HOSE YOU ALREADY HAVE ON HAND.SHORT PIECES OF FLEX-HOSE THAT WERE TOO SHORT FOR YOUR APPLICATION A MOMENT AGO , ARE NOW `` JUST RIGHT '' AND YOU ARE LEFT WITH VERY LITTLE -LRB- IF ANY -RRB- SCRAP.YOU WILL NEED HOSE CLAMPS TO SECURE THE HOSE TO THE SPLICE-FITTING . MIGHT I SUGGEST THIS GREAT DEALGrizzly H5357 10 Pack 4 '' Wire Hose Clamps
 It 's plastic and joins my two pieces of 4 '' hose . Does what it 's supposed to . I do n't see a difference between mfgs so make sure you get it on sale .
 Works great to splice two hoses together for an extended hose setup . Runs my dust collecton system across my entire workshop .
 This is a well made splicer . Looks and feels solid . Fits very nicely .
 It 's a piece of plastic . How can you review a piece of plastic . It does what it is suppose to do .
 Quality of connector is fine , but it is not the right size for Makita planer dust collection hood.Ordered this because it was recommended by Amazon for purchase with a Makita 2012NB planer dust collector hood . Unfortunately , the Makita dust outlet appears to be a metric size . It uses an opening close to 3 inches but it is slightly bigger . This adapter wo n't fit the dust hood .
 Just make sure you get the right size . The measurements are on the outside diameter .
 I have a wood shaper to which I added two 3-1/4 '' OD PVC dust collection ports . I used the 4 - Inch to 3-Inch adapters to attach the shaper to my 4 '' quick disconnect duct connectors . Works great .
 This fitting makes my dust collector work to it 's capabilities , no need to jury rig hoses to fit my various tools , this adapter makes it a breeze.T Lepisto
 If you need to step down in the DC system , which is recommended , this works great . The ends are to size stated , the hose fit easily and the wire clamps put it all together snuggly . The fitting allows you to step down from a larger main line to smaller branch lines near the machine , thus increasing the air suction , where it 's needed most , by the machine
 This is a good connector for a DC system . Not a complicated piece , but a very good one . The ends were all 4 '' , the hose fit snuggly and the wire clamps held.When making a branch in the DC system , to go to several different pieces of equipment , the `` Y '' connection is better to use than the `` T '' . The Y will allow for a better air flow . Combine the Y with a/several blast gates , then it 's almost like having a single hose go to each piece of equipment .
 When installing a dust collection system , eliminating resistance to airflow is what it is all about . The ideal is as large a pipe as possible , flowing in a straight line , without any ridges in the surface . Of course in the real world at least some of these things wind up being less than ideal . What this Jet 4 '' Y-connector does , is give you a large pipe , that makes a gradual Y as opposed to a straight 90 degree angle T , and the sides of the connector are smooth . So when you need to divide your air source into two lines , this elbow does the nicest job.The advantage of incorporating a Y connector into your system , is that you can take a single air source , connect this Y connector to it , a pair of gates , and no longer have to switch your hoses between two different pieces of equipment . All you do is open the gate to one , and close it to the other . All in all highly recommended .
 Like all of my Jet dust collector fittings , I have been very pleased with the performance of this `` Y '' fitting , and it was much MUCH cheaper at my local Menards . I used these Y 's in my main duct to create branches for my stationary tools on the long wall of my shop . The 4 '' size was perfectly consistent and always fit the ducting and flex hose without any trouble . The `` Y '' design greatly reduces any loss of air flow as compared to elbow fittings and the plastic is very strong and rigid.Highly recommended as an essential accessory for any dust collection system .
 This product is as described ! Connected two tubes and made into one tube !! Used as a two tube converter to a one tube converter .
 Its just a Y fitting and it just whatI needed to help the airflow and have aminimum amout of back pressure on the system . I used this instead of a T.
 Simple 4 inch black plastic Y . It works well and is built well and should last many years .
 Good quality , 4 inch flex connects well and holds a clamp witout distorting . Good value .
 FOR MULTIPLE WORK STATIONS , BRANCHING OFF OF A DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEM , THIS IS MUCH BETTER THAN A 90 DEGREE ELBOW.YOU WILL NEED HOSE CLAMPS TO SECURE THE FLEX HOSE . I RECOMMEND THESE , AS THEY ARE THE BEST CLAMPS AT THE CHEAPEST PRICEWoodstock International G2974 4 '' Wire Hose Clamp
 It , as everything here , abuts the other parts , so has to have collers made to get gates , PVC etc to fit to it , but that just seems to be the deal with all of this dust control stuff . I used 8 of these in my system and they all stood up to the abuse that it took to get all of them tight .
 Works fine to hook up my dust collection hoses for multiple tools . You should use a blast gate for each run to close it off when not in use .
 The quality of the 6 '' hose from Jet is excellent ; thick walls , sturdy wire . Works very well on my dust collector .
 This is an awesome product . I am just amazed to see the wood chips fly out of the Powermatic planer . It is easy to see if I left too many gates open somewhere in the dust collection system as the chips wo n't be moving as fast as they would if only two gates are open instead of three or four . The wire is tough so use an older side cutters so you do n't `` dink '' the cutting surface on a good cutter . The plastic may seem a bit thin for some but I have not had any problems . The planer moves out about three feet from its storage area for use and is returned to its storage area with the hose providing five foot of flexible ducting . It is hooked up to a 6 inch gate positioned 6 ' 6 '' above the floor . The price is a good value .
 This aluminum blastgate is a real workhorse , very well constructed and much more dependable than it 's plastic cousin . The aluminum is put together with screws , the plastic blastgate is tack welded . When/if the tack weld loosens , you 've lost your blastgate . Get the aluminum blastgate.The aluminum will also hookup to the grounding system , making a much easier connection than the plastic gates . The only downside is that it is a little pricey , but a DC system is something that should be build to stay and to use , this aluminum blastgate will foot the bill .
 These work much better than the plastic gates . They are put together with screws so that if needed they can be taken apart . They also conduct the static charge through the metal wire when used with the wire-reinforced hose . These are 5 stars for the quality , 3 stars for this price .
 I went straight to the aluminum after reading the reviews about the differences between aluminum and plastic . There is no reason to skimp on dust collection and these really make life easy . One per tool or hose connection and you are all set . No worrys about quality here . These are tough gates , made for years of use and abuse .
 In addition to being a good grounding connector for a smooth metal ductwork system , and being able to seal it with aluminum tape , it also has a cleaning advantage . Think about the irony of a blast gate . If you wanted to create an ideal headache for creating , and not being able to clean out trapped dirt , a blast gate is it . You have a lot of material passing by a narrow slit in the gate , and to make matters worse , opening and closing the gate are constantly packing it in . So you have this guillotine gate packing dust debris down into a tiny crevice on a regular basis . If you have been playing with blast gates for a while , you realize that cleaning out that packed in dust is a nuisance chore.On a plastic gate , you are stuck with having to use a sharp tool to try and dig down into the crevice and loosen the packed in debris . With this Jet aluminum gate , you have the option of being able to unscrew the gate face and do a nice job of cleaning it out . You can even do that without having to disconnect the hoses , which makes it even less work.Another nice feature about the Jet metal gate is that it has a locking knob . With the plastic gates , if they are not mounted sideways , then tend to slip slowly into a closed position . So if the gate is mounted with the flap sitting on top , with a plastic gate , gravity and vibration creates a gate closing movement . So I purposely mount them sideways in order to prevent that . That is not always the best angle depending on the configuration of your set up . With the Jet , having a locking knob , you can set it at any angle you want , and lock it into position . Nice feature.All in all a very nice gate . Highly recommended .
 I have now traded all my plastic blastgates for aluminum . They cost a bit more , but are worth it . They do n't clog as easily , and if they do , are easier to clean . The setscrew helps to keep it open or closed . Do n't waste your money on plastic blastgates .
 do n't waste your time on the plastic gates , these Jet blast gates are solid ... my only complaint is the short length of the connector ... a trifle difficult to get a solid connection to the hose .
 The aluminum blastgates are well wirth the cost . My exhaut system works so much better since I took the plastic gates out . When you open and close the plastic gates saw dust and chips get in the slides , this blocks the slides from closing . This causes a leak because it does not close all the way . The aluminum one 's are open at the end of the slide so they can clean themselves and close fully .
 I replaced all my plastic blast gates with these , and now my dust collection system works beautifully . The slides on the plastic gates get obstructed with wood chips and debris . When they ca n't close all the way , the entire system is compromised . Paying more for these gates is definitely worth it .
 Plastic blastgates cost almost as much as their aluminum cousins . So why buy plastic ?
 The aluminum blast gates are just great.A little bit on the expensive side but worth the money.I 'll just keep on buying two every other month .
 I lost my chuck key and found one here on Amazon , it was like 6 bucks w/shipping . But I can use my drill again !!
 This wire clamp does not strip . The band clamps are worthless . I have used them both and returned all 60 of the bands .
 I did n't figure that there was much of a differnce between hose clamps . I used both - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with my ribbed hose for dust collection . The wire band clamps were easier to put on , held better , seated well , and stayed on .
 I ordered 2 sets of 5 clamps . Both together with super saver shipping with other items . Each set of clamps was shipped separately , but both boxes showed up today . Big box , lots of packing bubbles . Once could fit 100 sets of these clamps in that box . And each set had its own box . Amazon can save MILLIONS of dollars just fixing their shipping and packaging problems.The clamps look great . I have no doubt they will handle my needs . Wire clamps hold hoses -LRB- dust collection hoses -RRB- much better than band clamps . These look extremely well made , and 5 for $ 5 is a bargin . Great clamps , highly recommended .
 This is a nice simple piece of critical equipment . If it did n't work properly , it could cause a lot of hassle -LRB- air gaps / hoses coming off -RRB- . The two wires fit easily over the end of the hose and seated snuggly on each side of the hose groove and then clamped up nice with just a phillips screwdriver . The wires strattle the ribbing on the hose , creating a nice tight fit . I put a few of these wire clamps without one problem , air leak or lose hose.The steel band clamps did not fair as well , they stripped and did not hold as tight . Go with the wire clamps !!
 These Jet wire clamps are the ideal clamp when you want to attach a ribbed hose or pipe to another pipe . If you try to use the flat variety , the clamps will strip and possibly ruin the hose/pipe itself . The wire variety fits nicely over the ribbed section and locks it in place tightly and securely . I used these to attach some longer sections of plastic downspout of my gutters and they worked perfectly .
 Not a real technical piece of equipment , but it is 3 '' on both sides , the hose fit easliy over each end and the wire clamps fit snuggly , putting it all together.Using the splice allowed for use of the entire hose , especially since I cut the ten foot section into exact lengths for the different equipment and branches on the DC system .
 Um , its a clamp . It holds things tight . Sorry I ca n't really write a paragraph on a hose clamp . It does what its supposed to do , and it does it well .
 These clamps work well on ventilation hose that you would use in a dust collection system . They are much cheaper and they clamp tight . Regular hose clamps slip because of the ribs in the hose .
 I 've tried the band type of clamp and they simply do not hold over the long haul . The wire clamps allow you to tighten the clamp down for a firm grip in the fixture . My opinion , the wire clamps are the best thing since sliced bread for hooking up a duct collection system .
 If your close and need to get over -LSB- a minumum qualifiying dollar amount -RSB- , this product will do it.Free Shipping !!!!
 I RECENTLY DESIGNED AND CONSTRUCTED A DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEM IN MY SHOP . I USED A COMBINATION OF `` OLD-SCHOOL '' HOSE CLAMPS -LRB- THE TYPE TYPICALLY SEEN IN RADIATOR HOSES -RRB- , AS I ALREADY HAD A FEW OF THEM ON HAND.I NEEDED MORE TO COMPLETE MY PROJECT AN DECIDED TO GIVE THESE A TRY . I REALLY LIKE THIS STYLE OF CLAMP AND FOUND A GREAT DEAL ON A BULK-PURCHASE OF THEM THROUGH AMAZONGrizzly H5357 10 Pack 4 '' Wire Hose Clamps .
 If your hooking up a dust collection system , the proper clamps can make all of the difference . The standard band type clamps are not properly suited to the job . The unique thing about dust collection hoses , is that they are generally made out of smooth , slippery plastic , with a stiff wire running through them for support and/or grounding . This poses a problem for standard band clamps , because the clamp is too wide to get between the wires . Therefore you have a clamp pushing down on the wire . Since the wire is rigid and in a circle , you would have to compress the circle -LRB- ai n't gon na happen -RRB- . Therefore a wire clamp such as these , with twin rigid wires is just what the doctor ordered.I tried everything from duct tape , which gets soft after a while and loses it , to band clamps . When I finally got a set of these , my hoses stay put , and they do n't leak . They are easy to install , and you can put a good torque on them , and not have to worry so much about them messing the thread the way a band clamp does . With the Jet 4 '' wire hose clamp you are dealing with a nut and a threaded bolt instead of a screw and some sheet metal . Definitely a lot stronger with the Jet wire.The bottom line , when attaching a 10 foot-4 '' vac hose to a plastic 4 '' fitting , you can pick up the hose , move it around , and not worry about the hose coming off , the way it does with the band clamps sometimes.Great unit , great price , get a few extras . Hope this helps .
 This is a nice simple piece of critical equipment . If it did n't work properly , it could cause a lot of hassle -LRB- air gaps / hoses coming off -RRB- . The two wires fit easily over the end of the hose and seated snuggly on each side of the hose groove and then clamped up nice with just a phillips screwdriver . The wires strattle the ribbing on the hose , creating a nice tight fit . I put in 24 of these wire clamps without one problem , air leak or lose hose .
 I read other reviews before purchasing this clamp and am really glad I did . What I like is that the wires make great contact between the ribs of the hose and screw down very tight . Later I purchased the flat band kind from a local store and agree that this wire type is much better . It 's much beefier than I thought it would be . Definitely the best clamp I 've come across .
 I recommend these clamps to anyone who needs to permanently clamp their 4 '' hose to an outlet , adapter , inlet , etc. . They form a good tight seal and do not fall off once properly tightened down.I would not recommend these type clamps for an application where you would be moving the hose to different tools or positions . Reason being , one you would have to get your screw driver or socket wrench out , and two because the wear and tear of the clamp tightening on the hose over and over again would eventually wear a hole in the hose .
 Good quality clamp . Well made without sharp edges . Threads worked flawlessly . Dual ring securely attaches dust hose to any connection.However , the bolt head sticks out about 2 '' . This is not a problem on fixed position installations , but it is inconvenient for portable dust hoses . For the rare end connection that will be moved from machine to machine use the standard hose clamps with a low profile blue handle .
 I used a whole lot of these when I set up my dust collection system , and I can say that the hype is justified . These thin metal clamps slip between the ridges on the flex hose perfectly to create a very air-tight connection . I also appreciate the phillips head on the tightening bolt - it makes it a lot easier to crank these down quickly with a drill/driver . A word of advice - I found these clamps to be A LOT cheaper at Menards .
 These are the best clamps for your 4 '' collection needs . Easy to attach , hold well . I have had zero trouble with these . They also provide excellent grounding points for your dust collection system . Overall and excellent investment .
 Works as advertised , its a clamp . The wire design is better than automotive hose clamps that tear into the hose with those little holes .
 They put both orders in one small box and charged me as if they shipped each seperate . I have ask this question , but STILL no reply . Does Amazon care about its customers ? If not I can buy some other place . I have purchased many things from Amazon in the past and it may be the end of my orders to Amazon !!
 THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS FITTING , IF IT IS WHAT YOU NEED FOR YOUR APPLICATION . I JUST FIND THAT THERE IS A BETTER DESIGN THAT MAKES A DUST COLLECTION SYSTEM MORE EFFICIENTJet JW1015 4-Inch Y-Fitting Dust Hose Connector
 This is not a complicated piece of equipment , but an essential piece of equipment for a dust collection system . The ends were all 4 inches and the hose fit snuggly on the end , and the wire clamps held sercurely . Overall , a good link in the chain.Based on the design and area to cover in the dust collection system , if possible , it is better to use the `` Y '' fitting rather than the `` T '' . The Y connection allows for a better flow of air , more continuous , than the T. I used 4 Y 's and 2 T 's . The T 's are in the corner of the shop .
 I attached this elbow directly to the intake port of my Jet dust collector . If you do n't suspend your 4 '' hose from above , then using this elbow allows you to run the flex hose horizontally to a piece of equipment -LRB- also saving hose length -RRB- . May not be completely necessary , but it does take the stress off the hose , especially if you move it around a lot .
 This is not a complex piece of equipment . The 2 ends are consistent at 4 inches , the hose fit snuggly over each end and the clamps held securely.Use this connector when a tight turn is needed , and the hose itself will not be able to hold the radius of the turn . Otherwise , the hose should be flexible enough to make the turn .
 ALL HOSES ARE PRONE TO KINK . THIS ITEM INSURES THAT YOUR FLEX-HOSEJet JW1032 4-Inch x 20-Foot Black Dust Collection HoseDOES NOT DEVELOP A KINK , WHILE AT THE SAME TIME REDUCING THE AMOUNT OF HOSE NEEDED TO ROUND A CORNER . THIS GIVES YOU MORE FLEX TUBE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR SYSTEM AND MORE REACH.YOU WILL NEED HOSE CLAMPS TO ATTACH YOUR FLEX HOSE . I FOUND A GREAT DEAL WITH THESEGrizzly H5357 10 Pack 4 '' Wire Hose Clamps
 I read evrywhere to avoid 90 degree bends in my ducting if possible - and I did - but there was one place in my shop where it was unavoidable . I used this elbow to solve the problem and I have not noticed a significant difference in the airflow or dust collector performance . By the way I have a one car garage shop with a Jet DC650 collector.Bottom line , do n't make sharp bends in your ducting if you can avoid it . If you must bend , use these but use them sparingly and you should be fine .
 When installing a dust collection system , eliminating resistance to airflow is what it is all about . The ideal is as large a pipe as possible , flowing in a straight line , without any ridges in the surface . Of course in the real world at least some of these things wind up being less than ideal . What this Jet 4 '' elbow does , is give you a large pipe , that makes a gradual turn as opposed to a straight 90 degree angle , and the sides of the elbow are smooth . So when you need to make a turn with your air flow , this elbow does the nicest job.The fit snugs neatly inside the standard 4 '' flex pipe . With some 4 '' Jet wire clamps which are also highly recommended over standard pipe-band clamps and this Jet elbow your all set for some hassle free collecting .
 This is the best hose that i have found to date.It does cost more money but it performs well.I have two sets.I also have the 6 '' hose.It is best to use the wire style clamps to retain the hose to the machine or dust pipe.I have seen these hose used on big molders with six heads.Hope this helps your choice of hose.Thanks , Weyer Service
 Yes , it is expensive for hose . This does work really well though and it probably some of the best hose on the market ... . Very flexible -LRB- some types are stiff -RRB- and the ability to see into the hose is -LRB- nearly -RRB- priceless ! Had something get stuck in mine last night . Would have never known until it became a bigger problem if I could not see that little piece of wood !
 this hose turned out to be alot more flexible than i expected ... perfect for a mobile dust collection set up . the clear plastic wall is thin -LRB- allowing flexibility -RRB- but seems strong enough for woodshop use . it will not support my weight -LRB- 160lbs -RRB- if i stood on it but otherwise the wire is rigid.i would not recommend this hose for runs longer than 10ft because the inner surface is not very smooth at all as a result of the flexing plastic walls.i also bought a piece of `` valley gasket & rubber '' 5 '' clear hose from amazon which turned out to be almost the same as the jet but with a heavier guage plastic wall .
 I bought these hoses to finish up my dust collection system in my workshop . They work very well and I believe they will stand the test of time . Made of a strong clear see through material , wich makes it easy to see the shavings moving through the collection system iI have set up .
 I have a Troy Bilt yard vac -LRB- do n't buy Troy Bilt ... they are owned by another company that stinks -RRB- . It has a short , black hose for tough to reach spots but the hose was always way too short . I put on my thinking cap and bought this clear hose as an alternative and it works great . I have much more reach and can see clogs .
 A nice , easy to order kit of the needed items for a DC system . The kit includes 2 blast gates , one `` Y '' connector , 10 wire clamps , 2 ten foot sections of hose , a table saw hood and another dust hood , all for a 4 '' system . You save a few bucks by ordering the kit versus each item separately.All connectors went together with the hose as required , the wire clamps fit snug , everything went as well as could be expected . A few holes needed drilled in the table saw hood for attachment , but that is expected for a universal type attachment . No complaints , problems or issues . Just a good product .
 I am delighted with the system . It works great and keeps the dust from my workshop in its place . I was disappointed with the accessories that came with the machine . They will not connect to the hoses that were supplied . Right size , but poor design . Other than that , I am pleased .
 I FIND THIS SET EXCELLENT WITH NO PROBLEMS EXCEPT FOR SOME COMPLAINTS THAT I 'VE READ ABOUT THE TAPERED FITTING THAT CAUSES THE HOSE TO SLIDE OFF . I TRIED SOME PLUMBERS PVC PIPE CLEANER AND ALSO APPLIED SOME PVC CEMENT THEN CLAMP THE HOSE . JUST BE SURE THIS IS WERE YOU WANT IT CAUSE ONCE ITS THERE THATS IT . I ALSO USED 4 '' SCD 20 RIBBED SOLID PVC DRAIN PIPE & FITTINGS THAT WORKED GREAT AND ALSO SEARCH THROUGH THE LOCAL HOME CENTER FOR PVC FITTINGS , LOT CHEAPER THAN ALL THE COLLECTOR FITTINGS . HOPE THIS HAS BEEN OF ANY HELP .
 Great starter kit . I was able to set up my dust collector with ease . It had most of the connections I needed to attach to all of my tools in my workshop .
 Use this for my industrial dust collector system and it does n't suck . Parts all fit together and everything works as it should .
 This is a beautiful faucet but takes a little time to install . Once installed you will be happy . One thing to keep in mind is to measure your sink . The water comes out slightly pass the drain hole . I do not mind since sometimes it is advantageous so it does not hits on the dishes and then on you !
 This is a nice simple piece of critical equipment . If it did n't work properly , it could cause a lot of hassle -LRB- air gaps / hoses coming off -RRB- . The two wires fit easily over the end of the hose and seated snuggly on each side of the hose groove and then clamped up nice with just a phillips screwdriver . The wires strattle the ribbing on the hose , creating a nice tight fit . I put on quite a few of these wire clamps without one problem , air leak or lose hose.I wish I could say the same for the steel band clamps . I tried them first , and stripped more than I put on . Go with the wire clamps , and do it right the first time !
 This clamp stopped a rattle on the air intake on my Subaru , and good auto parts stores are getting harder to find !
 This clamp provides a solid seal and is very well built . I 'm not sure but I think it 's stainless steel . My experience is that this style of clamp provides a better seal than band clamps .
 This clamp works as expected . In some instances , it works better than an adjustable pipe clamp for flexible duct connections since flexible duct has the spiral metal framework . Gets the job done and for a buck , it gets two thumbs up .
 I did n't figure that there was much of a differnce between hose clamps . I used both - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with my ribbed hose for dust collection . The wire band clamps were easier to put on , held better , seated well , and stayed on .
 I did n't really need this . I just needed to make the $ 25 minimum for the free shipping . But if for some reason you need wire hose clamp , I 'm sure you 'd be happy with this one .
 This is a good connector for a DC system . Not a complicated piece , but a very good one . The ends were all 3 '' , the hose fit snuggly and the wire clamps held.When making a branch in the DC system , to go to several different pieces of equipment , the `` Y '' connection is better to use than the `` T '' . The Y will allow for a better air flow . Combine the Y with a/several blast gates , then it 's almost like having a single hose go to each piece of equipment .
 i have bought from this company before and i am happy with the service . some of the boxes were damaged but had been taped with strong tape and no damage to the contents .
 This hose is a good choice for many applications . For using on a portable tools buy the 20 ' . 10 ' just is n't long enough even in my small shop . This product does n't kink . I would buy it again
 Does the job . Not as flexible as I would like . However , this was the only 5 '' flex hose I found avaiable .
 I bought 40 feet of this hose to make final connections to my eight power tools . It works well and is easy to work with . Bending radius can be quite tight if necessary . I have a two horsepower collector and can not even begin to distort the hose with a total intentional blockage . I use the two inch variety to pick up dust on the blade guard of my radial arm and chop saw . Good product !!
 I used this socket along with TEKTON 17063/4 - Inch Drive by 40-Inch Flex Breaker Bar to remove a so called ` Jesus bolt ' on my M62TU BMW engine . This bolt is very tight , something like 300 lbs ft. It worked like a charm -LRB- with fabricated crankshaft holder tool , of course -RRB- . I 'd recommend this product for tough jobs like that .
 This sprayer is perfect size for those small jobs . I 've used mine for quite a few garden/pest control sprays and it works great . Perfect for women to use since it 's small .
 Man , this thing cuts unbelievably well . I am replacing a 30 year old Stanley hand saw that has seen better days . What a difference ! I would not abuse this cutting trees , only lumber . Nice compact size . Cheap price . Get this if you need a small saw for household chores .
 Just used Fat Max to efficiently trim the Christmas tree . Waaaaaaaaaaaay better than my old crappy saw . Hope this lasts me for years .
 I really needed this saw and I love Stanley products . It 's a keeper ! And the price was great too . It works great .
 It 's a good saw from what I 've seen so far ; though , I 've only used it to cut small pieces of pine.It cuts well on the pull stroke so it was really easy to get the cut started on the end of the wood .
 This was the best saw I ever used I. Recommend you buy it . It good for sawing bi branches a planks of wood
 Got to admit it , this was my FAVORITE saw of all time , for anything , from thick to thin , even non-wood items , really nice , smooth , no buckling no binding , you got it , she got her done , swift smooth , straight.Then I metIrwin 1773456 Universal 15-Inch Handsaw , with its ELEVEN points per inch!Kinda smoother ... Max brings only nine points per inch to the tableIrwin considers nine points to be coarse and says so right here : Irwin Industrial Tools 2011201 ProTouch 15-Inch 9-Point Coarse Cut Carpenter Saw ... So like , got to say it , I am going hand in hand with Irwin , and Fat Max stays in the box ... I still love the Fat Max , do NOT get me wrong , but the Irwin , smooth ... I 'll leave Fat Max for when I just can not find that Irwin anywhere anymore , now where did I put that thing down , somewhere around here ... Must be with theStanley 33-730 30-Foot-by-1-1 / 4-Inch FatMax Measuring Tape ... Put them down somewhere right around here , right?Get Max ... cool thing about this saw , okay you need to make a line straight across the board to make your cut straight and true , so you lay the blade flat across the board with the UNTOOTHED straight edge along where you marked the dots for the line across -LRB- this is way easier to show than to write ! -RRB- , and butt the longer wooden edge of the handle up against the edge of the board . This works way better than using an L ruler like the90 Degree Stainless Steel L-Square Angle Ruler 130mm x 305mmbecause you can feel it , and not just eye it , trusting the edge of the ruler to be along the edge of the board . THen you just draw your 90 degree line along the UNTOOTHED back edge of the saw.To make 45 degree lines easily , like i will soon need to do to lay in some sheathing under a roof here in the hermitage , in the new quiet prayer room , you just use the shorter wooden edge of the handle butted up against the board , and draw your line.Git-R-Done !!
 *** I have not actually used this tool mind you ... but read all *** I took a look at one of these for my review on a recent trip to Lowes -LRB- keep reading please lol , I have used this type of saw just not `` this '' one -RRB- . Seems to be a standard quick tooth design that you see on saws these days that has been around for a while now . Noting like the vary old 45 degree ones that provided the smoothest of cuts in my opinion but unless kept razor sharp where a pain to use and slow when comparing to this . That was my main reason for switching to this type . The start on softer woods can be a bit aggravating for a few seconds but once it starts it 's butter and quick and that 's why I like them.I have an older great neck just like this one -LRB- again please read on ... -RRB- . Great Neck SS169 16-Inch Aggressive Tooth Hand Saws w / Wood HandleI have been using this for years off and on to saw limbs and use to cut anything wood it was long enough to do so with . I 'm on my second one now after loosing the first so I visually know this tooth design well and liked it enough to get another . I did n't see any particular advantages over the great neck I have -LRB- one more time , keep reading ... -RRB- . Other then wider teeth spacing , harden teeth and a bit better handle which would allow for a bit faster cutting over longer time , it 's about the same thing -LRB- your almost to the good part -RRB- . Honestly folks it 's not like it 's double the price of the great neck , if your not a weekender like my self I 'd invest the few extra bucks for this saw , it 's a good one . I believe I 'll be keeping this one in mind till my current ones wears out , id ' buy it but did n't need one at the time of this review .
 The Fat Max Hand Saw made quick work of everything I 've thrown at it , even 6x6 landscape timbers . Aggressive cutting and a sturdy blade provide for easily guided straight cuts through hard woods and PVC as well . Highly recommended .
 I live in South Florida and have lived and worked through three major hurricanes . In the aftermath , there is always a ton of ground clearing to do - downed trees and blown down fences have to be cut up and moved to the curb for pickup . Last Hurricane , no power for 13 days . I had one chain saw and the Fat Max . My neighbor took the Chain , and I took the Fat Max Saw . He did the large stuff , and I did limbs and trunks about as big around as your leg . He kept looking over at me like I was superman . He had never used the Fat Max , which just plows through wood like butter . No Kidding . Get this , on a single stroke , forward or backward , you can watch the saw sinking through the wood as the sawdust flies . It is amazing . After things returned to normal , I bought my neighbor a Fat Max . You . Wll . Be . Amazed . -- Mykal Banta
 This saw was worth every penny . Sometimes you do n't want to use the tabel saw , miter saw , or the circular saw to make one cut . That 's when this saw comes in handy . This saw makes straight cuts in no time . And with no warping or bending . Best part is knowing that I will never have to buy another one of these . I can tell that this will last me a lifetime with it 's quality construction .
 I got this because I wanted a little saw to use for things that I could not use a power saw on . It rips right through composite railings , 2x4s and tree limbs . It cuts on push and pull and fast ! A good choice for any homeowner .
 It does n't matter if you 're a professional framer or contractor , this saw handles about 90 % of your usual cutting chores . It has a short length so lugging it around is n't much of a problem , and your rip strokes do an incredible amount of work for you considering the size and cost . In fact , it 'll perform as well as saws costing much more . The steel quality is very good , such that you can forget to touch it up with a file for a year and still get your work done . Finally , it has a carpenter square handle so when you need a right angle quick , just pull the pencil off your ear and mark it . I ca n't say enough good things about such a useful tool for everyone 's basic home tool set ; just buy it already.-Fred
 People in Alaska use this saw to cut frozen , bone-in caribou and moose meat , aside from frozen fish ... its a poor man 's band saw that you can take anywhere !!!
 I ordered the saw on the 25th and it arrived on the 27th with super-saver shipping!I bought this because I am a wimp around power tools and I hate asking my husband to whip out his saw every time I need a few pieces of lumber cut . I tried it out today and was pleasantly surprised ; it is the perfect size and is easy to handle . The blade sliced right through the board , no bending or catching and the cut was smooth.I am satisfied , might even grab a couple more to stash for Christmas gifts ! : -RRB-
 I echo the other reviewers ' comments
 I needed to cut the height of the 4 x 4 that my mailbox sat on down to 2 ' for one of those mailboxes that slide down your post so a power saw was obviously not an option . Based on the reviews I thought I 'd give this saw a try and my 63 year-old female arm was able to cut through that -LRB- really hard -RRB- 4 x 4 with a lot less effort than I was expecting . If I never use it again it was well worth the price but I may just give it a try on a dead black willow in the corner of my backyard : - -RRB-
 We had a loquat tree at the backyard , we have not trimmed it ever since we bought the house two years ago . One of the biggest branches snapped a few days ago because of all the weight of the fruits . After I cut some smaller branches off with aFiskars Power-Lever 28-Inch Bypass Lopper # 9132 , the main part left was about 8 feet long , the thickest part is about 3 '' in diameter . That 's why I decided to get this saw in order to cut it down into pieces to fit the dumpster . It worked very well , it was almost effortless , I reduced the whole piece into a dozen or so small pieces in less than 5 minutes . Great inexpensive tool !
 This thing can literally saw your arms off . The teeth are that strong and sharp . Very easy to hold and control with one of both hands . Good buy .
 There was a time when DIYers wd go to the bother of removing the piles of junk from atop of their table or mitre saws & drag it out of the garage , or rumage around their garage , attic , or cold storage to look for their circular saw , or dig out their chainsaw out from under a pile of rubble and get it oiled up , anything to avoid using an ordinary handsaw to cut some wood becuz the bloody things took so long and left your arm feeling like rubber after just 15 minutes use . Well , things are a lot diff nowadays.As the other reviewers have noted , this 15 inch FAT MAX HAND SAW works like a charm , chomping its way thru wood like nobody 's business , a task that is made all the easier since it is lightweight & well-balanced with a comfortable handgrip . The only complaint that I have to register is that it did n't come with a blade guard -LRB- at least mine did n't -RRB- , but that prob was easy enuf to remedy with a sliver taken off a piece of vinyl siding with some small fridge magnets glued to its inside.And , if you do n't need this baby in a hurry , wait for it to go on sale
 I wanted an aggressive hand saw for fast cutting of lumber and this one fits the bill . What I have come to find is that the short length is a plug in that I can cut in much tighter quarters where a full size saw would be hitting on the end with each stroke . I can do a longer strong and cut faster with this short saw . Very comfortable grip and the large size of the grip is less fatiguing for the hands.On my tool rack it is the one on the outside as it is the one I use the most .
 During a bad storm -LRB- and a broken chain saw -RRB- , I actually cut apart an entire down 12 '' wide tree with this . Sure it took 7 hours . But the saw had no trouble cutting through the wood like it was paper . I now have multiple sizes -LRB- since the tree incident -RRB- of these around the house in case my powered saws fail . I have used them for over 8 years now and the teeth are still sharp as anything .
 The metal is n't flimsy . The teeth are sharp and it tears through wood . Its strength and grip also help to keep your lines straight.You ca n't go wrong with this saw .
 This handsaw is sweet ! It tears through 2x4s pretty quick . Glad I bought it . Somehow the teeth are at such an angle that it feels like the saw just pulls through the board .
 Although I have a multitude of power saws , corded and cordless , sometimes nothing can take the place of a good hand saw . This is one good little saw . Sharp fast perfect for those awkward spots or when you only have a cut or two . Dollar for dollar a great buy .
 I got this because I wanted a hand saw that was light weight and sharp cutting teeth . The fat max is excellent . I used it to cut some 4 '' dia branches and it goes through them like a hot knife in butter . And Stanley is Made in the USA , -LRB- from Global parts LOL -RRB- ... . this is a super handy saw .
 The Fat Max is better than a chainsaw because it gives you a workout , and wo n't take your hand off if you slip . It 's great for logs 6 inches thick or less . It goes right through the hardest wood . It was good for cleaning up after the hurricane . I highly recommend it .
 I have used it for more than 2 months . I cut one inch , one and a half inch trees without any problem . Worth to buy .
 I have dozens of saws ... really I do ! But this little gem sees more use than any of the others . It 's not that it is always the best saw for the job -LRB- sometimes a power saw would do a better job -RRB- but it is ready , willing and able . By the time I could have pulled out the circular saw and an extension cord I have done the job with this little monster . Stanley 's claims about its `` SharpTooth Technology '' are truthful ; this little beauty does all Stanley says it will . Keep one in the shed ; you will use it !
 This hand saw is very sharp . The 15 '' size makes it very handy for the home , and it is suitable for basic construction or even hobby work . Mine was first used for a gardening project . It is designed to cut on both push and pull strokes . It is a nine point saw.It has a nice soft molded foam handle that gives an easy grip .
 This thing tore through MDF like a hot knife , then went to town on some 2x4s without binding once . The dual action cutting blades make sawing fun again and the length makes it convenient enough to stash in my tool bag . No need for a cheap circular saw with this guy around .
 This baby is a serious little saw . Not for making nice clean cuts but as a rough cut saw that cuts in both directions I love it . It can be faster than my circular saw since this requires no setup . And its cheap .
 Was cutting some small trees when my chainsaw broke . Pulled out the Fat Max 15inch handsaw and amazingly finished the task . These teeth on the saw are so sharp that they cut through the pine tree . Highly recommend this saw . Never seen anything like it !
 This a very nice , well balanced hand saw that does exactly what it is supposed to do ... cut through wood , quickly and without a lot of effort . You are n't going to get `` finish grade '' cuts from this saw ... look at the teeth ... it looks like what you 'd find in a shark 's mouth ! This a great hand saw ... highly recommend .
 Very sharp blade , well balanced tool , and comfortable handle . I have used this saw several times on my last project instead of reaching for the circular saw , as it was faster than plugging in , and easire to manuver . I like the thick blade , as a stiff saw is easier to handle .
 This is a great saw . Very comfortable grip . Used it to prune branches of up to 3 '' thick and it just ripped right through them . Same for 2x4 's . Binding mid-way through a cut was much reduced as compared to my other saws . Best hand saw I 've ever owned .
 I do not like to hand saw anything but this Fat Max is the closest I can come to having sawing pleasurable . The soft rubber over the handle helps as do the aggressive teeth . It is not a short saw but one that matches the average stroke the average person takes with a hand saw . Even with the aggressive teeth it makes a clean cut even with soft woods and cutting PT is a breeze .
 If you glanced through my other recent reviews you might be tempted to believe that I 'm in love with Stanley tools ... and you 'd be absolutely right . They just make plain , perfect tools . This hand saw does its job flawlessly without excessive binding or flexing , and the grip is comfortable even after prolonged use . At this low price , it 's a great addition to your arsenal of tools .
 There are two reasons to own a saw
 This is the perfect saw for home use . It 's equally good at trimming branches as it is for cutting off the end of that handrail you just installed.For all those quick little jobs around the house this is the saw to have , it 's light , has a comfortable handle and it 's small size makes it easy to store.My `` go to '' saw for all those little jobs that do n't require a power tool .
 I wanted this saw for occasional use . I read the reviews and gave it a try . The price was great , the shipping fast , but best of all this saw gets the job done with little effort ... exactly what I was looking for . It has coarse teeth so it wo n't crosscut smoothly but I use it for ripping also . It has a comfortable handle so I do n't really see any negatives associated with this tool . I 'm very well satisfied with the Stanley Fat Max Saw and ca n't say enough about the service that Amazon.com provides .
 I 'm not a big tool-guy , but every home needs a few tools for emergencies , or odd-jobs that may come up , and this fine saw fits the bill.I do n't give it overly hard use , but it 's worked beautifullyevery time I 've used it .
 This is a very handy tool . Function like it said . We started using this few weeks ago , still using it . It does all the work for all needs . Highly recommended !!!
 This little saw is quite powerful and compact . The shortness and ruggedness of it makes it perfect for sawing off limbs ... of trees , you sickos .
 I would totally buy this again , all I have used it for so far was cutting through a plank at a few different sections , but it rocketed through it so I was pretty impressed and I like this saw a lot .
 Sharp as a razor , does n't buckle . Cuts through pine like butter . Good saw , especially for the money . Ca n't ask for more than that .
 I got this to cut a ton of slices off of a log for wedding decorations . Received it the other day and yesterday afternoon went at it . I cut about 25 slices off the log , one after the other , and the saw performed beautifully . The cuts were smooth and easy and left the wood incredibly smooth . Could n't have asked for a better performance from anything not plugged into a battery or a wall . It 's a bit smaller in length than most saws but , honestly , you probably should n't be using a hand saw for anything it could n't handle anyway . Anyway , it not the size of the saw , it 's how you use it . Am I right , ladies ?!
 Bought this lamp for my 5 yr old grandson . What a neat lamp . He loves it . I highly recommend this lamp for any train buff and/or kids . Realistic sound too .
 I purchased the Lionel Lamp for my brother as a birthday gift . He was quite happy with it . He is a train collector and was happy to add it to his collection .
 this unit was a real workhorse - i remodeled a small bathroom with 4x6 ceramic tile and was able to make cuts to fit with no problems . a great wet saw .
 This is a great tile saw for small projects . I recently tiled my 4x6 laundry room with the same 12 inch x 12 inch tile lot from my island kitchen . My next project will be using this tile saw for my 3 bathrooms and front entrance way . The left over tiles I plan to cut , frame , and use them as hot plate holders in my kitchen.I noticed that you need to be patient to use the saw to get good cuts , especially near the end of the tile ... unfortunately , my brother-in-law -LRB- being a former construction worker -RRB- borrowed my tile saw to replace his large kitchen floor , laundry room and bathroom and proceeded to `` rip through '' the tiles and quickly dulled my blade . The best thing is that he bought me a new better replacement blade and did n't burn up the motor!I would recommend this wet tile saw that it does n't take up much storage space in my garage .
 Saw performed satisfactorily on straight cuts on flat tile . Ran into trouble trying to cut `` rope '' tile as a 4.5 inch saw was not deep enough of a cut to do this but I should have realized that before I started . For small and simple projects this saw should do just fine .
 used this saw for a slate tile job in a bathroom 35 square feet . Made about 40 cuts and had no problems and was quite impressed with the performance . It cuts clean and smooth and is quite powerful for its size . Great small project saw .
 I bought this so I did n't have to keep borrowing my dad 's , and on the whole I 'm pleased with it.I did have to contact support to get the black flange replaced , but they handled my request quickly and without trouble . This is also the least messy wet saw that I 've had the pleasure to use . With my dad 's saw , I always had to change my clothes afterwards - this one , only my gloves are wet.Definitely take your time when cutting , do n't overfill the basin , and this should serve as a nice light duty tile cutter .
 I had an old MK wet saw this size that I loved which died after many years of service . I was so excited about finding this one but a little disappointed when it arrived with the casing and where it was made . MK 's website states they are an American company showing some of the employees etc. . I should have checked further . This one came from China . The measuring tape which is suppose to be fixed to the edge of the base would not stay attached after many attempts , until I went to my husband who knew how to reglue and make it laydown on the base and stay . As far as performance it did pretty well much better than others where the sliding water tray was difficult to use and a nightmare to change the blade , where the MK has it built into the base which is very convenient to use overall . The cutting which I was doing marble on this project did pretty well with the blade that came with the machine . To get a better smoother cut you would need to invest in a more expensive blade which has nothing to do with the machine itself . So overall I would recommend it for it 's size and convenience for small DIY projects unless you want to put a lot more money into the wet tile saw .
 Easy to use , strong enough for cutting thicker tile . Not contractor par but for in home projects it suffices more than you 'd expect .
 This saw is great . It is the second one that I 've owned . The first lasted about six years and I used it heavily . I got many more miles than I expected and it paid for itself several times over . I would definitely recommend .
 This is a great little tile saw ! It 's easily worth twice the money . I bought it for a project that involved cutting 13 x 13 tiles for a fireplace . As long as you take your time , keep the water reservoir full and feed the tile slowly you should get good cuts . I 've already made at least 200 cuts on large tile and the blade is still cutting like it did out of the box.I really like the design ; it 's just like a little table saw . I have a lot of experience cutting wood on all kinds of machines but have never cut tile in my life . Inside of 5 minutes I was making all kinds of cuts with great results . I really like the ability to cut 45 and 22-degree angles by just tilting up the table face near the blade.The only thing that I would change on this saw would be to make it out of metal instead of plastic . Then , of course you would probably have to pay 2 to 3 times as much for it . This is not necessarily a criticism , just an observation.Once you start using the saw and you get tile fragments on the top of the cutting area , it 's difficult to move the cutting guide because it jams on the cut tile particles . You just have to remember to stop and clean the table off with a brush and some water every time you want to move the guide . Cutting tile with this saw is very messy . The blade is water-cooled and even though it has a splashguard that covers the blade , water and tile particles dribble off the saw and on to the floor . I had my kitchen tile done by professionals and the $ 1000 machine that they used made just as much of a mess , I guess that just comes with the job of cutting tile.Like I 've said before , I 've worked with a lot of different tools and this little saw is a winner .
 I own a small home improvement/remodeling company , on occasion I will need to cut a few tiles but have no use for a large saw . -LRB- I call a tile sub in for large projects -RRB- . I have made probably 600 cuts so far with this saw and it has worked like a champ and payed for itself with the first use . It 's a bit on the loud side and will spray water at you if you over-fill the reservoir . It has plenty of power though , and the fence works just fine if it 's lined up properly . Cleanup is made easy by spraying it outside with a garden hose . It is light , portable and will suit the average person that needs to cut a few tiles just fine . The bottom line ... if you intend to do some small tiling projects around the home such as a bathroom , kitchen or entryway then this will easily do the job , if your going to be laying 1000 sq ft of tile with lots of cuts then durability might be an issue !! Buy the proper tool for the job at hand .
 I used this saw for a 38 sqft bathroom with 13x13 porcelain tiles layed in a diamond pattern.Because of the diamond pattern and tile size I could rarely use the fence or the diamond-guide , which meant most of my cuts were made by eye-balling my marks . I 've never used another tile saw before , but eye-balling was pretty easy . The bigger tiles are a little clumbsy on this unit , but it 's do-able . The saw does spray water if you do n't use the blade shroud -LRB- what do you expect , it 's a wet saw -RRB- . The shroud makes it hard to see your marks when you 're eye-balling unless you can get the shroud to `` hover '' above your tile . Most of the time I just flipped the shroud out of the way and stood next to the saw instead of in front of it . If you stand in front of it , and do n't use the shroud , expect to get wet . Overfilling the reservoir causes the blade to spray what seems to be twice as much water . Most solid debris seems to fly off to the side so standing to the side of the saw makes a raincoat unecessary , but it becomes really important to wear safety goggles!Keep a bucket of water and a broom or brush handy . The unit tends to travel so try to secure it somehow so you do n't have to chase it around your workbench or floor . I used mine in the garage ... with the amount of debris and water that shoots everywhere I really would not recommend using this someplace that needs to stay neat and clean.Based on the cost of renting a professional level saw this unit saved me a lot of money and stress . I was able to take my time and do things right . It 's probably not suitable for a big project and I 'm quite certain the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- saws cut a lot faster , but you ca n't beat this price . It paid for itself twice in this project and on the next project it 'll essentially be a free-bee . I should add , the saw lasted through about 100sqft of tile before the motor finally gave out . This worked out to be 2 bathrooms , a vanity , and a kitchen counter . I bought another saw afterwards for about 3X the price and that saw has lasted a lot longer and made the jobs a lot easier . If you plan on using this saw for just a few small projects then go for it , but one thing I 've noticed about owning a wet saw , once your friends know you have one , they 'll ALL be borrowing it .
 If you make a living installing tile this may not be the saw for you , but if you are a DIY home owner this saw is perfect . The cost is very reasonable , the cuts are are clean and precise , and if the blade guard is adjusted to the correct height this saw throws very little water . My saw has cut tiles for two bathrooms and a kitchen floor . I am currently using it to cut concrete pavers ; I cut all the way around the paver and split the paver with a mason 's chisel . Adjusting the rip fence takes a little patience but that is what seperates a -LSB- low cost -RSB- saw from a -LSB- high cost -RSB- saw .
 To answer the question posed in a recent ` review '
 I bought this saw to do about 40 feet of edge cuts on floor tile with a few misgivings after reading the reviews here . However , having finished the job , I found nothing to complain about.I cut 12 `` x12 '' slate tile which , while too big to allow use of the fence guide , was just fine with this saw . I have n't used a `` professional '' wet saw , but just made sure the water reservoir was full before each cut , and slowly pushed each tile through the blade , making sure I was n't pushing hard enough to slow down or bind the motor.I marked a line on each tile where I needed to cut , lined up the blade with one end of the line , checked with a straightedge against the blade to make sure I had the correct angle , turned on the saw , and started slowly pushing . The saw cut straight and true each time.From reading the other reviews , I think you just need to buy this saw understanding that it 's a lower-power , do-it-yourself oriented saw . It wo n't cut as quickly or as easily or as large as a more professional saw , but as long as you do n't force it to do too much , it does just fine . I finished my cuts in a couple of days and they all turned out fine , even the two tiles where I had to make two right-angle cuts to get around a wall .
 Normally I use a contractors type MK tile saw a friend owns . As this saw was unavailable I purchased the smaller saw . I have used it for cutting 1/4 slate so far and found it cuts very nearly as well as the larger saw . The design of the table surface allows free hand cutting as accurate as using the fence . The saw also makes very little mess as long as the water level is not above the mark . -LRB- However , an 1/8th inch above the line & it really throws water ! -RRB- . For overall ease of use I actually prefer it to the larger type saw .
 I bought this saw for cutting 2x2 mosaic tile for a bathroom . I also wanted to something to cut the marble threshold for this room as well . For this project , I needed to make many cuts to fit the pieces of tile adjacent to one walls . I like to use a score/snap tile cutting tool when possible , but for small tiles or complex cuts , a wet saw does a much better job.The saw performed very well . It cut slower than I thought it should , but still produced great cuts . I used this to cut a marble threshold that was about 1.5 inches thick and it did this much better than I expected . My biggest problem was cuttings getting under the fence making it hard to move . I did n't find this saw louder or messier -LRB- all wet saws are loud and messy -RRB- than others I 've used.If you 're a DIYer , this is an excellent choice and better than renting . Understand you wo n't get the hot-knife-cutting-butter performance of a $ 500 saw , but if you take your time and cut slowly you 'll get nice clean cuts .
 I used this saw to tile my kitchen and foyer . Before I bought it , I was skeptical about it 's power , but it had no problem cutting though 1/2 '' thick porcelin tile . I made many cuts , and the saw worked beautifully . The best part is the high quality blade . It does n't chip the top of the tile like so many of the cheaper blades do . Even after dozens of cuts , the blade shows virtually no wear . This is a great saw .
 I could n't be happier with this little saw - best bang for the buck by far . It cuts quite nicely and is not too messy -LRB- for a tile saw of course -RRB- . I love the small size and the light weight - it really stores nicely out of the way between projects . It might not be a `` pro '' level saw but everyone who has seen my results with it would swear that the job was professionally done . Just use it like you should , take your time , and it will not dissapoint . If you are doing a remodeling project or 2 or 3 , then do n't hesitate to buy this saw .
 We 're in the middle of a complete bathroom remodel right now and bought this saw for the job . It did a great job cutting 2 '' hex marble floor tiles . We 're now using it on 3x6 '' wall field tile and it is making nice clean straight cuts . The fence adjustment tends to get clogged with tile dust and fragments pretty quickly , which makes adjustment difficult , but a quick hose-down of the saw fixes this . This is the case for most saws of this type/price range , of which I 've used several . This saw is as good or better than all the others in the $ 75 - $ 125 price range .
 The first saw I received from Amazon had a motor that was not fastened to its housing , and it arrived with the case edging shattered . Amazon exchanged it without question , and the second saw arrived shortly thereafter . I bought the saw to do a fireplace slip -LRB- the non-combustable , usually stone , tile , or brick area immediately surrounding the firebox -RRB- . Not an enormous amount of cutting , but a job that required accuracy and a fine cut finish . This saw delivered both without complaint.The saw was not as loud as I expected it to be after reading other reviews here . I also found that there was not as much mess from spray as I had been led to expect . I think the key to minimizing mess is to use the blade guard and to keep it as low and close to the workpiece as possible . The fence worked fine , as did the 45 degree guide for the fence . The device provided for keeping the saw from walking away while a cut is being made did a really good job.This is a small , casual use saw . I think that if it is used with that in mind and it is not treated like an industrial-level production tool it will provide top-notch results -LRB- clean accurate cuts in a reasonable amount of time -RRB- for just about anybody . It certainly did for me . I also appreciated the ability to use the `` garden hose '' method of cleanup . That worked great too.This saw is a keeper .
 This is -LSB- not a good -RSB- tool . It 's all plastic except for the motor . The bed is way too small to cut large tiles , and the fence is a -LSB- not very good -RSB- . Changing the water is bit of a pain since the fence may have to be removed so the bed can be opened to dump the water out . The saw is really noisy . Tile has to be cut much more slowly than with bigger saws . But this is one of , if not the least , -LSB- costly -RSB- wet saw out there . To compensate for the small bed , I built a wooden box and placed the saw in it andthis effectively extended the bed about 12 inched in all four directions . I used a four foot straight edge and a couple of clamps instead of the supplied fence . As for the noise - wear hearing protection . I tiled a foyer , bath , laundry and closet -LRB- 250 sq. ft. total with plenty of cuts around doors , pipes , mouldings -RRB- with 14 inch ceramic tile and this saw never missed a beat . I had considered renting , but this was my first tile job , and all the measuring and cutting took much longer than I had expected . Renting would have been much more expensive , and I would n't have the saw at my disposal to re-tile the master bath .
 Nice small good looking tile cutter.Very easy to use for small jobs , I do n't think it will last for big or professional jobs though ...
 This little wet saw can handle a lot with its diamond blade . Much more than the cheap &#34; non-diamond &#34; blade saws . I 've laid tile , not as a profession , but as a Home Improvement Do-It-Yourselfer &#34; . So , I wo n't pretend to be an expert . I 'll only state that the difference is obvious . I 've used the cheap wet saws , and the diamond blade wet saws . The cutting quality is night and day . If you want a clean , non-chipped cut , go with the diamond blades . I started out on the cheap saws because that was all I could afford , and foremost , because I did n't understand the difference the few extra bucks could make . Those extra bucks make a huge difference if you want a professional looking job . Diamond blades are the only way to go . And I did a lot of tiling with the lessor garbage before I used the diamond blades and understood how much of my time was wasted .
 I do n't think this saw was intended to do a large amount of tile . They probably are n't targeting people that are going to tile all the rooms in their whole house . That said , I have laid several hundred square feet of tile making all my cuts with this saw and I am very satisfied . If you have large format tile like 16 or 18 inch tile then maybe consider something else . I have laid 13 inch tile with this saw with no trouble . I did a full tile shower with 6 '' tile on the walls , 1 '' mosaic on the shower seat , 3 '' tile on the shower floor , 3 '' tile on the shower floor , and a glass/stone mosaic accent strip , all with no problem . It is a small plastic saw . Cut slowly . Be patient . Make sure the fence is square to the blade . Do those things and this saw is totally fine . Otherwise go rent a tile saw if you do n't want to take the time and effort to make sure this saw will work for you . It is cheap but that does n't mean it wo n't do the job . Anyone who claim you ca n't get good results with this saw is n't putting their own effort into the task .
 Bought this to cut 3x6 frosted glass subway tiles for a large kitchen backsplash . The fence is a bit tricky to set and the ruled tape on front and back is useless -LRB- it 's just stuck on and keeps coming off -RRB- . I bought a better saw blade made specifically for glass and the cuts were smooth and accurate until the blade started wearing out . The blade guard is a flimsy fit but if you do n't use it , water sprays everywhere.All in all , for one or two small jobs , this saw is worth it . As long as you have a decent blade and take the time to set the fence accurately -LRB- I used an adjustable tri-square -RRB- , it will do the job well .
 Excellent product , excellent service . If the fence worked a little smoother , I would have rated it a 5 . Otherwise , this is all you need to cut hundreds , probably thousands of tile , no problem .
 This little saw does what it should in offering a clean cut if you do n't rush it . I used it on a workbench outdoors to cut all the tiles for a major bathroom remodeling job . It was cheaper than renting after several days of use and I have it for upcoming tile jobs .
 Did a couple of smaller jobs I needed , could have a better saw guide configuration . But worth it .
 I had two tile jobs to do , a shower and a fireplace surround , and I did n't want to rent a saw because I wanted to be able to take my time . After lots of looking , this saw looked like the best option in the `` low priced DIY '' category . Having completed both jobs now -LRB- and one other small job in our kitchen because I was on a roll -RRB- , I can confirm that the positive reviews for this saw are justified.I started with the shower , which was done with a standard ceramic tile . The saw cut through the tile like butter . Adjusting the rip fence was a somewhat finicky job but doable and , like another reviewer , I initially had problems with each cut chipping at the end . However , I quickly determined that I could avoid the chipping by `` notching '' the tail end of the cut and then completing the cut from the other end.Other reviewers have noted that this is a loud saw , which I can also confirm . The first day , I was thinking , `` This thing does n't seem THAT loud . '' but that night my ears were ringing and I decided to wear hearing protection from then on.The fireplace surround used porcelain tile . Cutting these went a little slower but , frankly , that was somewhat of an advantage for me because the layout of the tile was on the diagonal and required a lot of unique freehand cuts which would have been kind of scary if the saw cut too quickly.By the end of the second -LRB- and later , third -RRB- job , I was very satisfied with this tool . This saw does n't claim to be a professional saw and it 's not . However , as a DIY saw you are getting everything you paid for and maybe a little more .
 For a first time user , I think this saw is great for the price and for the capacity . It is easy to put together . The fence was reasonable parallel to the fence right out of the box . I had to build an additional fence to cut 16x16 tile . So , I think this saw is good for smaller tile job .
 Everyone that has previously reviewed this saw has covered the bases -LRB- both good and bad -RRB- . Cleaning
 this saw is worth $ 72 , but it 's only for occasional use . I cut some granite tile with this saw and it had trouble cutting it , even with me feeding it very slowly . when I cut porcelein tile , it did much better but you still have to push the tile thru slowly . The rip fence is not well designed , but the saw cleans up easily , and for the price it seems like a good value .
 Great little saw ! We had decided to floor our new conservatory with 12 '' ceramic tiles on the diagonal , so lots of cutting was involved . Had no problems cutting straight lines without the aid of the fence -LRB- which could n't be used because of the size of the tiles -RRB- . It was plenty fast enough for me.I was afraid of what I 'd get , given the tin-can flimsy plastic quality of the $ 100 tile saws I saw at the big box store , but this saw is plenty sturdy , not cheap feeling at all .
 This saw works fantastic , but the reservoir tend to fill up quickly with sediment . Additional , the blade tends to throw a little more water than saw with pumps , so be sure to top off the reservoir .
 I have performed numerous tile jobs with commercial saws . For the money the MK gets the job done . I have used it on 2 small bathrooms and it has performed well . The only negative comment is the water run-off . You have to fill the resivoir back up after every cut because most of the water runs off the tile and not back into the grooves around the base . This was with 13inch tile . Smaller tiles -LRB- 8inch -RRB- would not have this problem .
 THE MK 145 PORTABLE TILE SAW IS A VERY GOOD SAW FOR THE PRICE . I JUST PURCHASED THE SAW AND USED IT TO INSTALL TILE IN MY BATHROOM . IT IS A VERY EASY SAW TO USE . IT HAS A 1/2 HP 5500 RPM MOTOR . LOVE IT .
 I used this saw to cut ceramic tile and slate . It did so with little effort and minimal to no chipping . The table is small , so making cuts over 6 inches does n't allow you to use the fence , but what do you expect ! I just turned the tile over and set the fence to the amount I wanted to take off . I was impressed and would recommend this saw to any DIY'er . You ca n't beat it for the price ; a quality circular saw cost more that this . BTW . . every wet saw makes a mess , so use it where it does not matter , like outside .
 I 'm completely convinced that this is a great tile saw for small home improvement task after cutting ~ 250 l.f. of ceramic tiles for remodeling the kitchen and three bathrooms . The saw is still making cuts as if they were the first ones.However , I do have several comments based on this experience .1 . The border of the Diagonal Cutting Guide could be thinner to make good use of already limited working surface .2 . Putting some measuring marks on the Adjustable Cutting Guide to help make L-shaped cuts .3 . A clear Adjustable Blade Guard would make partial cuts easier .
 I bought this saw figuring I could n't justify the bigger saws for my tile job , but I was worried because I was cutting very hard porcelain tile . I need n't have worried . This little saw just powered right through it ! Probably the best tool deal I 've ever seen .
 Renting a wet tile saw at your local hardware store will cost you -LSB- quite a bit each -RSB- day and I 'll bet this little Diamond will outperform . Pays for itself immediately . My first impression was `` Well , if it lasts long enough to finish the floor ... '' But after 600 sq ft of floor tile and over 700 wall tiles , it still cuts like new . No messier than anything else , although chips have to be cleaned frequently from the surface . Highly recommended for the do-it-your-selfer .
 A little messy at first but practice helps , and the price value more than makes up for the mess . Operates and cuts nicely . May not serve the expert through heavy use but , great for the `` do it your selfer ''
 I would recommend this saw for anyone doing small jobs , or even larger jobs if time is not a factor . I used this saw to cut 18 '' tile and most cuts were without the guide in place . I had to make 2 cuts going into a doorway that were 4 '' inch rips , with 3/4 '' inch legs of 3 '' on the left and right sides of the door . This saw performs very well . I am not a tile setter , this was my second time doing tile at home . I 'm sure that I would have spent more money to rent a saw than what I paid for this one and I hope that my wife does n't see this review and get any more ideas !
 I bought this saw to use for several DIY projects . I ended up making about 40 cuts in 12x12 porcelain tiles , and the saw worked very well . It has a decent design , although the all-plastic construction is off-putting at first . The saw worked great , however , and I could n't be happier with it , especially considering its price . Yes , it 's messy to use -LRB- although I discovered , duh , that if you put the blade guard down all the way it will spray hardly any water on your pants -RRB- . The water needs to be replenished about every two to three cuts on a 12x12 . The fence works fine , especially for repetitive cuts like mine were . I filed down some of the plastic on the ends of the fence , and that made it easier to move around , especially when there was lots of debris on the saw . The blade held up just fine -LRB- I bought an extra but did n't need to use it . -RRB- . This is a very good choice if you are not a professional tile-setter and just need an inexpensive saw for DIY projects . I 'm looking forward to using it again . Overall , seems reliable , cuts well and accurately , inexpensive , and durable . Would buy it again in a minute .
 I found the plastic fence was a bit difficult to move and adjust due to the tile debris . Other than that it was awesome . I even cut and beveled my own corner shelves out of 12 inch tiles . You can do curved cuts , 45 's and bevel edges with some practice . I was also able to cut 18 inch floor tiles with it . I pretty much wore out the blade on my bathroom project . It was certainly cheaper than renting a big wet saw and I can easily store it until I find another tile project in the future .
 This saw , by far in the way , is the best you could purchase for your money . So far , using only this saw , I have completed the tiling of a half-bath -LRB- using standard size tiles -RRB- , a back splash -LRB- using roughly 1.5 '' tiles -RRB- and am in the process of completing a foyer -LRB- 250 sq/ft and 18 '' tiles -RRB- . This saw has cut them all and is still going , although I did purchase the upgraded blade . For a DIY who is not looking to do major over hauls this saw is perfect.However , there are several drawbacks . - The water system is terrible on it and the basin usually runs out after a single cut so you should invest in a pump and some tubing to remedy this . - It is extremely messy , you should either buy plastic shield or just prepare to get soaked , you can not use this saw indoors . I would advise once you get the hang of it , learn to offset your body position to avoid the spray . - There is no slide . Yes they include a crappy guide but to be honest , its worthless and I wouldnt use it . You will acheive a better cut by eyeing it yourself . - Lasty , AND MOST IMPORTANTLY , you must understand that this is a bottom blade saw . Knowing this , to achieve a cut without cracking/chipping the surface you should stop the cut before completion , and then begin on the end point of the cut . Otherwise , you will consistently snap/chip the tiles . This is the only way I have found to avoid this -LRB- cutting 3/4 of the length , and then flip the tile and finish it -RRB- . This is a product of blade placement , and not the manufacturer.Besides the cons lifted above , I would still rate this 5 stars for the DIYer . It is great for doing smaller projects , and has handled 18 `` ers for me . It will pay for itself in two uses vs. renting one so I would suggest just purchasing it . However , if you are going to be doing more than a handful of small projects , and are looking to be making a lot of complex cuts , you should probably not purchase this one . It will still do them , it will just take a lot longer .
 The saw came on time . Great for the price . Doing a lot of cutting for remodling .
 I had no point of reference , this was my first saw . But it worked great and I finished the tile in no time.Good luck
 I was a bit skeptical about the super cheap MK Diamond 4.5 '' Wet Tile saw , especially where it is a brand that I did not recognize and the price seemed very low . I ultimately chose to buy it based on the reviews I read , and I can honestly say I am not disappointed at all.The saw cut perfectly straight and chipless cuts through the porcelain tile we were installing . The water resevoir held enough water to make several cuts and was very easy to clean out . Due to the amount of different cuts we were doing , I removed the fence and did n't use it.The one thing I liked best about the saw is that it made me further appreciate and love my Canon EOS Digital Rebel XTi camera and the saw highlighted the poor quality of all Nikon products . As I made each delicate cut with my saw , the motor made a sound that literally sounded like it was saying the word `` Canon '' . When I would turn the saw off , it would then utter `` Nikon bad , Nikon Bad , Nikon Bad . '' As I stepped away in my water soaked clothing , I knew that I had picked the best wet tile saw on the planet -- after all , it loves Canon cameras -- and it should .
 I 've used this for about 30 cuts of 12 '' porcelain tile so far . It works pretty quick , and the mess that others mention really is not that bad . It is a wet-tile saw after all , use it outside & hose down the area afterwards !
 Used it for a small slate tile job . It seems to cut fine , the instructions stress cutting slow so you do n't stress the motor . Not sure if it cuts slower than other saws but did n't seem to be an issue . It 's plastic for the most part , including the guide as others have mentioned but as long as you double check measurements it did n't seem to matter . It has a little plastic blade guard which , along with the design of the saw , actually reduces `` splatter '' quite a bit -- it did n't make as much of a mess as I expected . Great deal for the price -LRB- if it lasts for a few jobs at least -RRB-
 This little saw works great . Power is great . Stability is good . The rail is a little flimsy and can be sticky to move around , but other than that it performs well . Cleanability and water-tightness is very good . The only thing is that 41/2 '' blades are not readily available -LRB- at least not at my Home Depot -RRB- . But the 4 '' blades work okay . Thanks for a great product !
 i needed to do a DIY project in the bathroom and needed a saw that can cut larger tiles and also to work cuts around objects in my way . at this price i figured this saw should just about get this job done before it stopped working . this little saw did all that and more , i even used it on a round ceramic sink pedestal where the holes were too small for the waste line . this saw performed like a champ . if this saw were to break down now it would whould have paid for itself many times over already . I agree with some its a little messy with the water but hey if you are cutting tiles the place could not have been in any condition to receive people any how . ONE gripe its the measuring guide its paper stuck on plastic that will be wet , figure out what comes next . This guide should have been molded into the plastic .
 I like the saw very mch . The only problem is that it is hard to adjust , but I knew that was the case before I bought it .
 I 'm re doing my bathroom and this tile saw is working great , especially for the money . I have no complaints . I would suggest to check the water level after every few cuts and wear an old shirt because it sprays water on you as you are cutting , but other than that it gives good clean cuts at a reasonable feed speed .
 We got this to cut tile for a remodel job , the saw and blade worked great , was easy to use . We used it to cut 16 x 16 inch tile while the size was challenging on such a size saw it still worked great .
 I used it for a kitchen back splash project . The project used 50 sq ft natural stone mosaic tiles . I comfortably completed the project without replacing the blade . I estimate the blade needs to be replaced soon , but that is expected.For the price of $ 100 , I have no complaint what so ever .
 I had a lot of uses for this item . I am glad I finally found a tool that draws a large radius . And at such a precise measurement . I have been waiting a long time for this .
 This compass has reduced my layout time and frustration significantly . I use it for property line layouts and landscape drawings .
 Bought this extension for the 52 '' Infiniti LED Brushed Nickel Ceiling Fan . The color was an exact match to the brushed nickel fan . The only complaint I would have is that the picture shows threads on both sides of the rod . The one I received from Amazon -LRB- Amazon was my seller , not a third party -RRB- only had threads on the one end . Which was OK for my case since the rod out of the Infiniti box had threads on only one side , so its the exact rod I needed . I would give it 5 stars if the picture was n't misleading , or if it was explained in the description that only one end was threaded .
 This 12 '' shaft was perfect . The threads were all there and good . Nice wrapping and just what we needed for our 70 '' Hunter Fan .
 This product is fine , but be sure to measure the length you really need ! We thought we needed the 12 '' , but once we got it realized we needed a 24 '' . If you have a vaulted ceiling , you probably need the 24 '' .
 did not need it , so I did not use it . sorry sorry sorry sorty sorry sorrry sorry sorry sorry s
 I purchased this to go with my 52 inch Hunter Palermo Fan . My ceiling is 121/2 feet high . This puts my fan just where I need it . BTW , the fan is awesome !
 How could this product not work , it 's a freaking pole !! I guess it could have been rusty or made out of caramel -LRB- I would 've kept it -RRB- .
 As a contractor , I want a portable saw stand that is sturdy , easy to set up and easy to transport . This stand meets all those requirements at a reasonable price . I bought the stand for my Makita saw ... I bolted a piece of plywood to the bottom of the saw to use this stand with no problem .
 I am just a weekend do-it-yourselfer , but recently decided to add on to my storage shed . I was looking for a moderatly priced framing hammer ... did n't need anything too elaborate . After looking at some of the pricey Vaughans and Death Sticks , I could n't justify paying the price for something I would n't get the use out of . A young kid at Home Depot saw me looking through them and suggested the Fat Max ... I guess Stanley has come a long way . He told me that he used one and that it was the best stick for the money . I brought one home and started the addition onto the storage shed . What a monster this thing is . The axe shaped hickory handle makes this thing a pleasure to swing . It also sports a feature that all of the more expensive models had ... a magnetic nail starter built into the head . This is a great feature for those high starts ... pop in a nail and with one swing your nail is started ... only one hand . As for ripping nails out ... it never faultered , it 's head is still firmly in tact . I thought the price on line seemed a bit high ... -LRB- ... -RRB- The only thing that might be an issue to some , is that there are no choices in regards to head weights . Most manufacturers offer 2 or 3 different weights to choose from ... Stanley , from what I can tell , only offers this in a 22 oz . Like I 'm going to know the difference ... so it may take me an extra swing . Try this hammer , you ca n't go wrong .
 Good quality hammer with magnetic slot on top to start driving the nail . Not too much to say , would definitely purchase again .
 I 'm a trim carpenter by trade , so when I took a job that required framing , I knew my 16 oz . Stanley was n't going to cut it anymore . Sticking with what I know I picked this up and have loved it ever since . Nice big head cuts down on smashed fingers and tough claws pull a 16d out like butter . The hickory handle absorbs most of the impact , leaving your arm feeling better at the end of the day.The downsides : You need grip tape with this handle . I do n't know who at Stanley had the bright idea to put a slick finish on there . If you do n't hit just right with a nail in the nail set , it 'll spin right out . Not good to have 16d 's flinging through the air ...
 Bottom line of this item is , if you need these wrench sizes maybe for odd repair jobs a couple of times a year ... THEY ARE GREAT ! If you plan on starting an automotive career and hope they last 20 years , i would invest in a better set . I loaned out a bunch of tools over several years and when i went to do a job AT HOME , i realized i was missing my 3/4 wrench . Now since it was the biggest one i had . . i decided to look for sets that included a 3/4 and bigger . This was the best price anywhere by 40 to 50 bucks , plus PRIME SHIPPING/Free Shipping.Yes the stamping on the 1 inch was so shallow it was almost invisible , and i did see alot of scratches on the mirror finish . Also in the event you did not know these wrenches come in a cloth wrap case with ATD 1550 printed in raised white leters -LRB- Iron on Patch -RRB- , each wrench size has a pocket provided and the case is canvas , not the cheap plastic stuff.Yet , i am not displaying these as works of art , I am fixing things AT HOME on an as needed basis.So if you hate waiting for sales and want to avoid getting a headache running to every closeout store or warehouse store . BUY THESE and actually get the job done : - -RRB-
 this tile saw is awesome . i used it cut tile for my house , 18 inch travertine . cuts through like butter . built last a lifetime and then some .
 Recommended as a good quality saw which was purchased to complete outside brick walkway and walkout patio . Easy to use .
 I had ordered this for one of our Professors at UCSD Structural Engineering department . He needed this item right away and it arrived in promptly , for the professor to start his project.Thanks !
 Bought this saw last Fall ... . Built to last a lifetime ! Very Heavy Duty . The work going into the design of this unit is second to none ... May cost an weight a little More than the 3/4 horse power units , BUT this Unit has Power to spare , no worry about burning up the motor , and with all the extra 's , ... A GREAT Value ! This tool will be around for your childrens children to use ... . Buy One you will not be sorry ... except for others wanting to use it over the weekend ... HA HA HA ... ! No second guessing on this unit ... Stores away very easy ...
 Bought this saw a year ago and love it . 3 blades and 25,000 sq. ft. later , it still runs smooth . Tray hold enough water to last a tile setter hours . It is very quiet and runs smoothly . I have one minor complaint . I have used the he ** out of this saw and the bearings that attach the tray to the glide arm are sticking . Once they have been oiled , they are good for a few days however . Saw is heavy and akward ! If it 's going to be used on a regular basis , it 's nice to have an extra hand to carry it . One more thing ... . get the stand ! Bought it to replace the MK606 .
 I am extremely satisfied with the MK-100 tile saw . The first jot was to tile my bathroom with granite . The saw did a great job cutting the hard granite . It has ample power and a quite running motor . I would highly recommend the saw to anyone . I may later order the conversion kit to cut 18 inch tiles diagonial .
 The MK-100 is the best tool that I 've purchased in the last ten years . I use it mainly to cut 2 '' thick concrete pavers and it cuts like a hot blade through butter . The price is right on target . I should have bought this machine long ago when I was building my home , all the floors would have been tiled . Got to go , cutting tile for the outside kitchen countertop now . Thank you Amazon for getting me this great tool ... O.T.
 We bought this saw to cut tile as well as other `` rocks . '' It is a beast and we love it ! The water pump keeps the blade thoroughly hydrated , the power is excellent , and the saw is very well made . We have cut tile , agatized coral , and granite on this saw and never experienced a loss in power . It plowed right through all of it like a hot knife through butter ! Thank you MK for an excellent product . Thus far , we are very satisfied customers . : -RRB-
 I purchased this saw a few years ago after doing extensive research on this and other saws . Since then , I have used it on dozens of jobs and booked hundreds of hours with it and it has never failed me . I shopped around and found a slightly better price than what Amazon had going at the time , but felt it would be good to place a review here ... The Good :1 . Heavy-Duty professional tool
 My only complaint about this saw is the action on the platform . I keep a can of WD40 next to the saw and am having to constantly spray the metal bar which the platform moves on . Perhaps this is normal , but it can be bothersome .
 Everyone you work with will make fun of this hammer . After a week or so you will catch them borrowing it because of how badass it is . It should be noted its hard to swing in a corner as the shaft of the hammer is taller than the head .
 Clamps like these make assembling face frames , especially larege ones a snap . Rather that needing a pipe clamp the whole width of the frame , these just clamp on the rails and let you clamp down on it . Be a little careful with soft woods or they may get marred by the clamp though .
 I 've pounded nails for 20 years and this is the best framing hammer I have found.The balance is great , it 's durable , and the magnetic nail starter is something you ca n't live without.Highly recommended !
 This hammer is great , the balance is great , its light enough to swing all day long , the magnetic nail starter is great and easy to use after a little practice . Plus it I can drive 16 's in three to four swats , in frozen southern yellow pine trusses .
 The best hammer i have found , for the price , it is comperableto the stilleto hammer.thought it is about half the price , it is twice the hammer , I use my Blue max for every thing Idrive nails , pull nails , chip concreat , break banding straps , pry bar . I have only lost the head once , but one new weadg fixed it . love the hammer !
 This is a very well ballenced , confortable hammer to use all day . It 's got the magnetic grove the help start nails . Also it 's just the perfect weight , not so heavy that you 'll get tired of carying it , but heavy enough to drive 16D nails in two swings -LRB- and 8D in one , after starting the nail -RRB- .
 I 've been through a lot of framing hammers over the past 20 years , and this is my all time favorite . Shark Corp. always makes great nail pullers and great Japanese hand saws , so I was willing to give this a try , even though it looks weird . The balance is incredible , perfect for driving 16 penny nails , the milled face is very precise and really grips so it does n't slide once you 've made contact . My favorite all around hammer to keep in my tool belt .
 Definitely the hammer you want to use when the nails need firm persuasion . Momentum and following power are great ! Good balance and feel , but weight contra-indicates use by wimps . If you repair watches or build miniature models , this is not the tool to use ! If , however , you want to drive spikes hard and fast in 2 by 's & 4 by 's , the Duck is the critter for the job !
 I 've used and really liked Estwing 's outstanding framing hammers , but I think I like this one a little better . It hits nails like a bomb , and really drives them through pressure-treated studs , etc. . The manufacturers say that the head design puts a lot of energy `` beyond '' the nail which jibes with my experience , since the nails seem to jump into the wood at the end of the strike . The longer `` duckbill '' style hammer face lets you hit nails in narrower areas when you 're building walls , etc. . The hammer is also very low-shock , with only a minor amount of vibration conducted through the handle . The `` cat 's paw '' style claw pulls 16d nails out of studs easily -LRB- one easy pull -RRB- without any blocking under the hammer head , which shows how well-designed it is . The hammer also has a nice nail set feature -LRB- using the claw and a little divot on the hammer -RRB- which lets you set nails higher up than you can reach with both hands.On the down side , the balance of the hammer is fairly head-heavy , so if you want to use the 24 oz . version bear that in mind . Maybe not so good for people with smaller or weaker hands . Also , the fairly sharp edge of the hammer face can mar wood if you 're not careful when toenailing , etc. , but this is n't a finish hammer anyway . The odd duck shape of the hammer also makes me laugh . Overall , my favorite framing hammer .
 Did a lot of on-line research and this nailer did both face and grove nailing for the best price . I received the product within a few days after ordering . I 've never used any pneumatic powered tools or done any flooring before so had help from a friend who had some experince . We put down about 700 sq ft of 3/4 '' thick plank hardwood flooring . Nail gun was very easy to use and did n't jam once . My friend thought the nails used in this nailer would leave to big of a hole during face nailing , so he used a brad nailer for the strips up against the walls and manually hammered in nails into the groves for the first couple rows until pneumatic nailer could be used . The web site for Porta-Nails had a very good video clip showing the operation of the nailer and really sold me to buy this particular nailer .
 Save yourself the cost of hiring with this tool . If you know how to cut wood and measure , this is all you need to put in wood floors . I am very impressed with the quality of the tool and ease of use . The PortaNails used for the tool are excellent specialized cleat nails specifically designed for this tool . I 've heard complaints from professionals about air powered flooring nailers . But I think they are blowing air themselves . Everyone likes to defend their job . But this is a job any builder or knowledgeable homeowner can handle with this tool .
 Not everything works the first time . We had problems with jamming out of the box . I called Porta-Nails and they sent a replacement part for free . I installed it and was up and running with no more jams . I have used their hand nailer -LRB- good -RRB- and the Pneumatic and the Pneumatic is a back saver . Highly recomended . Only negative is I would like the company to provide more detailed instructions . Thanks for a hard working product and a reponsive company when problems occur .
 Well , I have had this nailer now for over two years and thought I would give a progress report on it . So far I have nailed over 3000 square feet of flooring from brazilian cherry to maple to walnut and it has never let me down . The nails have a special serrated quality that ensures the flooring once it 's down stays down . Even on super hard woods , such as the Walnut , it seats the nail in perfectly so no punch in is required . You may have to compensate for this by adjusting air pressure but once it 's set you 're good to go . The quality is good and it 's built to last heavy but in a good way that it wo n't move when you are setting . I think this one is going to last a long time . just take care of it by making sure you drain your comp and i just replaced my o rings and greased so it will last forever .
 I bought this nailer and the 16ga finish nailer.I just laid over 900 sqft of 3/4 '' brazilian Cherry hardwood.This was my first time ever putting down harwood flooring.I bought some nails off an auction site that must have been seconds or something.I was having jam issues regularly . I bought some fresh ones from a home center and I ca n't remember having a single jamb.I used the finish nailer to nail the first and last 3 rows.Using this nailer seemed like overkill and the nail head is pretty large to try and fill , especially with pre-finished wood.My original intent was to buy the nailer new and sell it on an auction site after I was done.I like it so much , I 'm hanging on to it.Amazon shipped out the tool right away . Very satisfied.Oh . if you buy this nailer , get the setting tool to counter sink any nails that do n't go in all the way . Sometimes you hit a sub-floor nail and the nail stops short .
 lay the planks . I finished installing Brazilian cherry floor in our master bedroom . The result is absolutely great for me as my first new floor installation . It can be viewed atI also did inlays using solid walnut planks . I did not buy those premade inlay kits , I cut each of those pieces myself and nailed them with this nailer . On the 3-plank border , I tried face nailing , the Brazilian cherry is so hard that the nailer will bounce off even with me step on it as hard as I can . So 1/4 '' makes the difference in that wood . Blind nailing went really well though . So I screwed down the borders and used plugs , it 's more work , but it turned out to be pretty good . When using a nailer like this , the time was spent on selecting the right piece , cutting , straightening the plank , etc. nailing took just seconds . We or any future owner of this house will enjoy this floor for a l-o-n-g time . We thought that we could sell this nailer when we are done with this floor , but now we want to keep it . Just so that if we need to put new floors in other rooms of the house or another house we will have in the future , we will have the best tool for the job .
 I have been placing hard wood floors for years . This is the best nailer I 've used to date . It 's high in cost but you get what you pay for .
 I ca n't make comparisons to other nailers since I bought this nailer for my first flooring project -LRB- about 180 sq. ft. of 3/4 '' walnut flooring -RRB- . My primary reasons for getting this one was the included face nailer and the heavy duty nails.Switching out the face/angle shoe takes just a few seconds and requires only one simple tool that is included in the kit . The nails were hard for me to find , only Lowe 's had them , fortunately in the 2 '' length needed for my project . The included mallet is also handy for setting boards.Another reviewer mentions the size of the hole left by face nailing . This does seem to be one drawback of this system , and not just because of the hole size . You must be very careful early on to get your air pressure for face nailing correct , and be consistent with your striking force . Since the nails do n't have a recess in the head , it is very easy for the nail setting tool to slip off and gouge an even larger hole . For nails that stick out from the surface slightly it 's even more difficult to set them without slipping . On prefinished flooring filling these holes is a headache.Aside from the face nailing headaches once these nails go in they do n't let go . If you end up having to pull up a board it will most likely get destroyed in the process .
 So far so good . Got this pneumatic nailer a month ago and I am still pounding this nailer without any major problems . There were two incidents that made me jumped . I was holding down on the ram cap as I inserted the hose and it fired a nail into the floor . The safety trigger was not depress and it still drive a nail . So much for safety feature . Right after that incident , the gate clip popped out and ejecting all of the nails on the next strike . The reason why I bought this nailer over the others was because of the wide head design of nail it use . The nails are serated with a heavy gauge . Once the nail is seated to the floor , forget about removing it . You will destroy the wood before getting the nail to come out . I just finished about 800 sq ft of nailing and still got more to do . I can tell you this nailer is very simple and straight forward to use . You do n't even have to tap too hard to get the plank close together , it will close the gap for you as it drive the nail into the wood plank and floor . This nailer has the great flexibility of changing shoes between Face nailing and Tongue nailing . There seem to be one draw back of the nailer that I will soon find it limits . The nailer is rated for regulated pressure 90-95 PSI and warned not to exceed 110 PSI . This kinda limit the wood you may want to use for your flooring . I am installing Brazilian Cherry that has a Janka hardness of 2820 . It does a great job at Tongue nailing , but struggle to counter sink when Face nailing . Other than that , I believe this nailer is hard to beat . Especially the design of the nail they have engineered for flooring .
 I had to complete 900sf of hardwood flooring . I researched lots of floor nailers and the Porta-Nailer according to the product descriptions seemed to be the best . Conversations with several other again the pneumatic Porta-Nailer came out on top . I purchased the pneumatic 421P . I have completed one room and the nailers works as advertised . I am very happy with the product and would purchase another one . I would highly recommend this products to others .
 I bought this as a homeowner with zero experience installing hardwoods . I had about 1200 feet of exotic prefinished 3-5/8 '' x 3/4 '' flooring to install . For reference I used a Porter Cable CPFC2TV3525VP air compressor with the line set at about 110 PSI . The nailer worked flawlessly -- not one jam . The nails were set at consistent depths , and the prefinished planks were not marred -LRB- although I did put a piece of wide masking tape on the bottom of the shoe for insurance -RRB- . The hammer that is included is solid and a perfect size and weight to tap the boards firmly in place and to lightly strike the actuator . What more can you ask for ? A PLEASURE to work with -- and at this price it better be!If you are a not a professional installer but have the urge to do this yourself this tool will definitely make your life a lot easier , but be advised it does n't end here . Do your homework -- there are great articles all over the web and even some demonstrations on youtube , but here 's my contribution
 This is the best flooring nailer on the market . Certainly , it is not a home owner tool , Awesome product with robust performance at each and every use.Users claims nail jamming , they are simply using an after market nail in this professional grade tool . By the way i am a License utility Mechanical contractor for over 20 years.I have used many other flooring nailers and fastening systems . If you 're seeking an industral grade tool with performance and robustness with every use ... May i suggest looking no further.Personally , we purchase HILTI tools and accessories for our shop ... You get the message .
 Recently purchased Porta Nailer 421P Pneumatic floor naler and could not be happier with purchase.Have just installed 400 square foor of exotic flooring -LRB- Brazilian Redwood -RRB- and minimal problems with splitting.The angle nailer shoe works beautiful - but face Nailer attachment did not countersink into this hard woodso I used a finished nailer for face nailing.I have been using Porta Nailer manual nailers in the past - but thistool is night and day above these nailers .
 This nailer has made quick work of every hardwood project I 've thrown at it thus far . It 's a bit `` heavy '' but -LRB- if you 're `` old school '' -RRB- that usually equals durability and at $ 500 + I expect that and much more . This nailer delivered , no jams , getting the depth setting -LRB- s -RRB- just right , takes a little tweeking but that 's normal for ANY tool one uses for the first time . If you 're a DIY'er I 'd recommend a less expensive pneumatic , maybe even a manual nailer , but for you guys that make a living throwing down planks , it 's a solid investment . The kit includes everything one needs to start shooting cleats except the compressor . If I 'm not mistaken `` Porta-Nail '' products are still made in the USA , it might matter to some and not to others but for me it 's nice to know .
 As a professional carpenter I 've probably run over 10,000 feet of flooring with this nailer without a major problem or rebuild . Even works great on harder woods like Ipe . One thing you absolutely have to have is a good compressor -LRB- 4 cfm or better -RRB- and a 3/8 '' air line . I tried running mine off my smaller pancake compressor with a 1/4 '' line and it gave me nothing but problems . It continually jammed and did n't set the nails flush . I switched to my bigger compressor and a bigger line and have n't had a problem since . I also prefer the serrated nails to staples as I think they hold better and split the tongue less . I still prefer my old manual porta-nailer for those stubbern warped boards .
 I too had no experience installing hardwood floors . I purchased the 421P based on its reviews here . I was installing a few hundred square feet of Bellawood 3/4 '' x 2.5 '' Australian Cypress . I used a Makita 5200 compressor with 3/8 '' pneumatic hose and fittings to meet the 421P 's large air demand . I followed all the directions that came with the 421P and had no problems . I had one jam when the T-nail hit a screw in the subfloor . It was very easy to clear . I 'm somewhat stymied as to why it does not come with an air fitting . I tried the face nailer and it worked fine , but I decided to hand nail on the tongue for the first 3 rows . It was a real pain to do that but I felt that the Porta-nailer T-nails were too big and more importantly , Australian Cypress is very brittle and cracks easily . A few tips for operation of the 421P
 After looking at the reviews on Amazon , bought this nailer used . After cleaning the nailer and reassembly , it worked great . Every nail was set perfectly with no misses and no jams . Jams are easy to fix though . It only takes a few minutes to clear a jam and then you are back in business . Plus it takes minimal effort to activate . I used the nailer to lay 400 sf of 3/4 '' prefinished Brazilian Cherry hardwood flooring with no difficulties . Plus the nailer made no marks or scratches on the prefinished flooring . If you are are a DIY person like me , this nailer will make laying your hardwood floor much easier and give you professional results .
 This was my first attempt at installing hardwood floors . Purchasing a nail gun was a top priority . The market is limited but the few nailers out there all come with high marks . I chose this particular model based upon the few excellent reviews on this forum and the quick change option from floor to face nailing . The gun sits easily and quickly each time . The different types of nails/staples / cleats receive their own praise but my personal choice was the porta nail . The nail itself appears to be stronger and heavier compared to the others . Your local Home Depot carries the porta nails , but not this particular nailer . This nailer is a tough find and have not been able to find anyone that stocks it , other than Amazon . The gun has worked flawlessly , and comes in a complete package . You have to purchase other shoes to fit flooring outside 3/4 inch . Since I will only install that type it is not a big deal , as of yet . Just tapping the gun is enough , no need to slam . Works great each time and have installed about 800 sq feet without a single problem . Makes a novice like me , into a more experienced novice in short time . Great purchase and was not jumping for joy at the price . Still , I was not forced to buy it and I do believe you get what you pay for .
 After much investigation into a very limited market of pneumatic floor nailers , I finally decided on Porta-Nails 421P Hammerhead 2 . My first ever flooring project involved installation of 400 square feet of 3/4 inch by 2-1/2 wide tongue and groove finished oak strip flooring at my home . A significant time and money saver of this versatile nailer is that this single tool can do both straight-up face nailing and hidden-angled nailing - as you 'll quickly learn both are equally time consuming phases of floor installation . Switching between the two configurations was straightforward and only involved three screws and a few minutes of time . Flooring nails were driven to their proper depth and the nailer was very forgiving in that it was not sensitive to exact placement . Nails easily loaded into the tool , fired with little effort after tapping the firing head while squeezing the safety latch in the handle , and I only encountered one jam after inadvertently nailing on top of another nail . Fixing the jam was confusing at first based on the limited description in the manual , but once I figured out the mechanics of opening the jam latch , the jammed nail was quickly removed and work proceeded . I especially take comfort in the 2 year warranty period whereas the competition offers 1 year or less . I also like the strong carrying case containing the nailer and its accessories . Flooring nails come in strips and load easily , but for the most part do n't expect intact strips of nails to survive the mail order shipping/handling process . Make sure you take into account the nailer 's requirement for an air compressor that can deliver 90 to 100 pounds per square inch of supply air pressure . Overall , an immensely durable , powerful , and versatile floor nailer that provided for a wonderful and impressive first time experience .
 I have been looking at floor nailers for a while since I started this project . Either buy one or rent one . First thing comes to my mind is that I do n't want to use a manual nailer even the floor I will be doing is only about 300 sq. feet . Not that I ca n't work hard , just the thought if you use a tool , let the tool work for you . That narrows down to a few . I went to local rental stores to find that most of them carry Bostitch and Porta-Nail -LRB- manual nailer -RRB- . When I compare the nails , Porta-Nail really stands out and makes Stanley/Bostitch nails look weak . 1000-nail box is heavier and the mean looking shape of the nail gives you some kinda of insurance that it will secure the floor for good . Then after some research , I ended up getting the Porta-Matic Hammerhead2 air-powered nailer kit . It comes in a 30 `` x20 ' black plastic case , weighs about 35 lbs . It has a few allen wrenches and a screw driver with hex socket on the handle for changing the shoes . Pair of safety glasses and face nailing shoe . Rubber head hammer with comfortable handle . The nailer itself is well built with nice red finish and aluminum magazine and safety trigger pull . One screw from the bottom and two bolts on front hold the shoe in place . Head heavy hammer feels nice in hand . By that time , I already read the manual -LRB- downloaded from Porta-Nail 's website in PDF format -RRB- . Since I was not ready to put the new floor in yet , I tried the face nailing to stop the squeaking in my old floor . I will be putting new floor on top of the old one , so it is a good idea to get rid of the squeaks first . Changing the face nailing shoe is a breeze . The nailer only fits in the case with the regular shoe on BTW . Hook it up to compressor and set to 90 PSI . Load the nails , sit the nailer on the spot , depressed safety trigger and tap the ram with the rubber head hammer . -LRB- Note
 I bought this tool to put up 800sq feet of strip oak flooring . I 'm a total novice . After putting 400sq , I must say I 'm very happy with my purchase . It comes with a nice case , hammer , safety glasses and face/blind nailing attachments . And boy let me tell you , when you do a job -LRB- any job -RRB- the tools you use can make or break the project . Using this nailer has been a pure joy . Blind nailing is a no brainier . The cleat sits on the subfloor and against the tongue . A simple tap on the trigger and BAM ! Only one compliant
 this is a great nailer vs. hand nailing . i 've installed many floors with this nailer and it has proven & paid for itself many times over . the only thing to be careful for is that you MUST not nail over joists . i sheared the driver on the first job that i did . unfortunately , you must mark your joists , but it 's a small price to pay ... just be careful . the driver is approx . $ 40 directly from pni .
 I just finished installing hardwood floor on two houses -LRB- ~ 4000 sq ft -RRB- with this nailer and I am telling you if you want a floor nailer , this is it.The floor in the first house is oak hardwood , no problem . The second house is Brazilian Cherry , one of the hardest wood floor ever . This is when this nailer shined . Without the 420P , I do n't think I would even attempt Brazilian Cherry . I really like the combination of face nailing and edge nailing . Pneumatic is great , especially when getting close to a wall without a lot of room to swing a hammer . I also like the available shoe height for different wood thickness . I got one jam and one double nailing so far . The jam was really easy to clear . Make sure that you have a really good and stable air compressor constantly around 95-105psi . Play with the pressure a little bit to adjust to the nail depth you want . I am very happy so far . The price is higher than other nailers , but worth every penny .
 I purchase this nailer based on the reviews on Amazon.com so I thought I give my own review.This nailer performed without any problems and made the job of putting down 800 sq ft of hardwood floor very sample . I had not used a air compressor tool before and never put down a hardwood floor but the job came out professionally done . The nailer is light weight and very simple to use , it seem so simple to use and place the hardwood floor down , I felt that I was missing something , but knew it was not the case .
 I could n't have been happier with this nailer ! I bought it to put a hard maple floor in my house , and it worked great . It is very heavy duty and is rugged enough for daily construction work . The big benefit to this nailer is that it can face nail . That saves a huge amount of time by not having to face nail by hand.The one problem I had with the nailer was caused by not paying attention when it ran out of nails . If you hit the button on top of the nailer without any nails in the nailer , there is a chance of the spring which holds the nails in place getting jammed . I had to use pliers to get this unjammed . This is more my fault than the tool 's , but be aware of this so you do n't let the tool run out of nails.I bought this tool when I put in my floor because it is cheaper for me to buy the tool and then sell it than it is to rent a second rate nailer for as long as it took me to finish my house -LRB- 1500 square feet in 6 months -RRB- . This is a great nailer .
 I was very hesitant to invest this amount of money into a nailer when I could rent one worry free from my local shop . When renting , planning was a nightmare between face nailing and angle nailing . Having to finish the job in time , rushing to get to the end to get the face nailer back . So I was excited after doing my research to find two tools in one.I 'm very impressed with this tool thus far . I 've only installed about 300 sq/ft , but I 'm blown away by it 's ease of use and flawless performance . I 'm still getting used to the tool , but it 's very easy to align and fire away . All it takes is a modest tap and the nails are set perfectly . When face nailing , i 've noticed that when you are over a joist you have to give it a little more umph ! Changing from face to angle nailing only takes a few minutes . If you are in the market for a nailer , you are definitely getting what you pay for here . Worth every penny .
 I really wanted an air driven floor nailer , but the porta nailer got my attention beacause it was convertable from floor nailer to face nailer . I waited 3 months for delivery but it was worth it . What a great machine . very easy to put down a floor using air and switching to a face nailer is so simple , I was really supprised . I put down 600 Square feet and not one single jam . A delight to operate and well worth the money .
 Found this nailer to be of excellent quality . Worked as well as any of the other brand nailers but has the addition of surface nailing which works well on reclaimed flooring since you do n't have to reset the nails for the sanding guys . It is a bit pressure sensative and works best at 100 + psi . Also does n't handle wacking it too hard with the mallet as it has a tendency to jam . With those two things in mind , it will nail problem free . I have done approx . 800 sq. ft. in my new home without a single jam . All around great nailer although just a bit pricy .
 I do general carpentry and finish work . I have used the Porta-Nail 421P to install 14 floors -LRB- approx . 300 sq.ft . each -RRB- . The majority of the floors were 3/4 '' oak , four were 3/4 '' Brazilian Cherry . I have had three jams caused by hitting nails in the sub-floor . The nailer is light-weight for its ' size -- a bonus.A lite tap does the job.Its ' easy to clear a jam.Follow the instructions on setting up your compressor , probably the main cause of problems.This tool is expensive , but I feel that its ' worth the cost .
 This hardwood flooring nailer , i think , the best of the market , but be carefull - if a loader have less then 1/3 capacity of nails - it start jamming nails.So dont forget reload nails.I think problem is-too weak spring loader mechanism.Anyway , this nailer wery accurate-not damage a tonque of hardwood planks , unlike staplers hardwood nailers .
 When I check out the review on this product before I ordered I was unsure about my decision . I rolled the dice and ordered the Hammerhead 2 . I am a professional contractor specializing in upper end work . We spare no salt in having the best equipment on the market . This tool has well out performed my expectation and then some . If you have ever used other brands you will know that it is easy for first time help to accidently nail on the surface instead of on the tongue . I just finished a floor with 600 feet and my new helper only had one accident . This nailer has front resting pads that set on the subfloor . This makes postioning the nailer a snap . Other nailers on the market do n't have this and that is why I went with this tool . It is big but not heavy . The tool being tall keeps you from bending over so far . It comes with a case and a hammer that you will simply love . I would recommend this to anyone . The extra hundred dollars was money well worth it ...
 I bought this nailer based on a culmination of many reviews read from many websites . Additionally , this appears to be the only nailer that has the ability to shoe and face nail . My bother installed wood floors for ten years and he said Porta-Nail is one of the best nailers out there . I have n't used 421P yet , but I am impressed with the build quality . The plastic case leaves a lot to be desired , and for the price of this product and for the quality and reputation of the product I would think that Porta-Nail would include a case with a steel pin hinge instead of the highly susceptible to breakage molded hinge . Just a suggestion Porta-Nail , and you may contact me if you wish to send me a new and improved case to replace this semi-crappy tool holder .
 This is the big daddy of speciality nailers . The moment I pulled the trigger I was blown away . With only minor modifications to the fuel and firing mechanisms , this hyper-accurate nail rifle can pin down a piece of pine through three inches of solid concrete . Also , with very little angular bias , it is highly suited to medium and long range applications on any biomass . It should be noted that firing produces a very clear and clean pneumatic thunk , which will impress both experienced hardware worshippers and neonates alike .
 Unlike a few other comments I have no problem with the shipping or packaging . Everything has worked great right out of the box . No alignments were necessary and the cuts were perfect using the guidelines attached to the fence . The only problem I 've had so far is with the plastic teeth on the on the angle adjustment knob . While trying to make certain I had the blade at 0 degrees and applying a small amount of pressure the teeth on that area broke off . I was able to contact PC to get a replacement part and all is well . Just be careful how much pressure you apply to the knob . Otherwise this saw has lived up to my expectations and beyond .
 I bought my 3812 and paid $ 337 . Feel like I got a good saw for the $ . Saw was otriginally delivered damaged - Not by UPS . There was a severe dent in the front rail that jammed the whole motor housing out of alignment . No damage to the box , which means it was packaged that way and sent out ! That saw was immediately returned and replaced with a new one . The second - All set-up measurements were in-line , bevel proper , miter gauge accurate . Only had to adjust the blade insert elevation . After that 15 second task - went right to work milling down lumber for door jambs . Light and manueverable taking to job sites . More than enough power . In short - no problems/complaints with operation . Only a suggestion - the 4 bolts that hold saw to folding stand ... . loose the nuts/washers ... . use wing nuts .
 Purchased saw but not yet used . E-mailed several questions to P-C customer service , advised to call 888 line . Called and was connected to someone with annoying backgound noise that sounded like he was working in a body shop . After asking him about the ultimate replaceability of the -LRB- plastic -RRB- blade adjustment gears , the availablity of the `` Delta # 38-122 '' dado head insert listed in the instructions , and the possibility of using a router speed control to mimic soft-start , he told me that he had `` seen '' the saw once and was just looking through product brochures and catalogs for answers . Disappointing , but at least honest ! Looked at a number of saws in this category prior to purchase . The Bosch got strong reviews on overall power and the soft-start but just did not like the way it felt , blade angle adjustment , and the apparent dust and chip problems . The P-C seems well made overall , but every one of the saws represent a compromise -LRB- regardless of price -RRB- . Have not yet decided whether to keep saw or not , but chances are I will .
 I chose this saw because of the success I 've had with other PC tools . I also bought the stand that goes with the saw because I wanted a compact , solid , easily transported system , and I was not disappointed . The saw itself is a joy to operate compared to the other benchtop models I 've been using . When the bevel lock is loosened to change the angle , the saw dose n't immediatly flop over like the DeWalt and Mikita benchtop saws . The angle and blade height is adjusted by a smooth like butter operating gear/crank . I 'm also impressed with the simple utility of the extending fence rails . Very solid and hassle free.While the fence is accurate , it takes a little more force than I think should be necessary to lock it down . I adjusted the lockdown lever to what I was comfortable with and found that while the front of the fence was secure , the rear tended to shift . However , I re-adjusted the lever to its previous tension and have had no problems .
 It got real old lugging my 700 pound Lurem multi-station around , but for years I just could n't see spending money for the cheesy bench tops . Well the war heated up when DeWalt got going , then Bosch , and finally PC . And , I got older , and the big saw got reallly heavy . The 3812 seemed to be the best of the lot . UPS did its usual slamming and dropping , and when I opened the box , I was appalled at the packing . Only one little block of foam , and it had come off wherever it was supposed to be and the sliding fence had slammed into the edge of the table , which is a cast aluminum lip extension of the table top . This resulted in the screw for fence adjustment being bent at a 45 degree angle , and the cast edge was broken . Not only that , but the extension rails were 11/2 inches out of rack . Just an incredibly poor job of packaging.None the less , when I checked the alignment , it was perfect on the blade angles , but there was no allen wrench for the adjustments , which seemed odd . I am so used to rebuilding Taiwanese tools prior to use that this was about a 1/2 hour inconvience to align , and then away we go . After about 1 dayeverything got real smooth , and I have been impressed . It 's no 5 horsepower Oliver , but the cuts are smooth with the right feed rates , the fence is super fast to adjust , and this thing really flies with OSB or plywood . Like all of the saws of this type , the flimsy plastic really bugs me . A heavier injection , and maybe the use of some magnesium in place of plastic for the trunion gears would help . After all , these saws are selling for what a belt driven contractor 's model sold for not too long ago.Other than that , this is the best of the bunch so far , and they have corrected all the little things DeWalt and Bosch almost got right . Other than the packing and no allen wrench , just about perfect . And , it 's really easy to move room to room .
 I SPENT 10 MONTHS LOOKING FOR A TABLE SAW THAT WOULD MEET MY STANDARDS OF CRAFTSMANSHIP . RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX YOU NOTICE A DIFFERENCE . THE FENCE IS ROCK SOLID AND ACURATE . THE TABLE EXTENTION IS VERY SMOOTH , AND WHEN LOCCKED BECOMES A PART OF THE TABLE . LOWERING AND RAISING THE BLADE COULD NOT BE ANY SMOOTHER . ADJUSTING THE ANGLE OF THE BLADE IS JUST AS NICE . A NICE SURPRISE WAS HOW THE MITER GUAGE FITS INTO THE TABLE SO IT CA N'T LIFT OUT . I WOULD HAVE PAID TWICE THE PRICE . PORTER CABLE HAS SET THE STANDARD FOR PORTABLE TABLE SAWS . IT IS GOOD TO SEE THINGS MADE AT THIS LEVEL OF CRAFTSMANSHIP .
 Unfortunateley , after Porter Cable went to all the trouble of designing and building a great portable table saw . . they ship it in a box with virtually NO packing protection . Accordingly , the extension arm jams into the tabletop ... hits a set screw and cracks the table top . In my case I called AMAZON -LSB- . com -RSB- and they offered to replace it , but with a 2-3 week back order . So I ordered the BOSCH 4000 instead.The PC is better . It shoots virtually all the saw dust out the back , while the BOSCH works in a cloud of dust that coats the whole saw . This is becase of the large opening in the blade housing under the tabletop . I am also concerned that the blade raising gears are right under the blade housing and are getting coated with dust . If you read the technical alert for this problem at the BOSCH website they reccomend grease to the repair techs and that they stick a little lable on the front that says `` clean and lube '' . THe PC gears are up front , out of the way of the dust -LRB- which goes out the back like it should . -RRB- The Bosch does have a neater design and the fence looks sturdier ... but I do n't think it makes up for the other problems . Both are nice saws , I wish I had the Porter Cable and I hope they read this and ship it in a better container than a simple cardboard box .
 I was debating between the Bosch and Porter Cable 10 '' models . I went with the PC and I have n't been disappointed . I 've had it for three months now and it tackles anything I run through it . The fence and miter gauge are good quality but the factory Riptide blade had to go.I bought this saw through rockler.com cause they give you the stand free . The only drawback of this saw is that its a little heavier compared to other benchtop models . Its awkward to get through narrow hallwalls.All in all I think PC 's got another winner here .
 I received my saw about 6 weeks ago and other than the lousy packing or I should say the lack of it everything has been A OK . I checked all settings and they were right on the money.Its a lot quieter than my old craftsman , which I will give to my son in law.I have ripped 1 pc of maple , some plywood and several 2x4 s.I bought the 3812 without the stand as I had one that I made . Paid 355.00 for it on amazon.They better start filling the box with more foam , as the letters I have read all complain about the damage to their saws . Mine had a 2 inch hole in one end but no damage . Bob , Upstate N.Y.
 I bought this as a refurbished model when I took up woodworking about two years ago . There is a very practical advantage to a benchtop saw -- build a rolling cabinet that you can mount this on and you get all that storage below . This saw takes a 6 '' dado blade and you can hook a shop vac up to the dust port . These are very useful features for a saw this size . Sure , it does n't have the fence or the power of a high-end cabinet saw but I use it to rip 2x4 red oak with no problem . It 's a quality tool with more power than you might expect .
 I purchased the Porter-Cable 3812 with the folding stand and within 30 minutes of the box arriving at my house , had it setup and cutting wood . The stand is very stable and bolts to the base of the saw providing good support even on uneven surfaces . The saw rips through heavy stock with little hesitation . The sawdust is expelled out the back and it was easy to rig a PVC elbow to direct the shavings into a bin . The safety guard does not flip out of the way but it does have a spring steel retaining clip that provides for quick and easy removal of the unit . The outfeed support is a worthwhile addition to provide more room for material to be fed to the blade . The stock blade is adequate but a new Freud 50 tooth combo blade will provide a worthwhile upgrade . At $ 355 including the stand and shipping , the saw is a good value for the money .
 This is my first table saw and will probally will be my last . Great quality , easy to use , setup and maintain . Everything is good and solid even after a number of months . I 'm struggling to find a negative but there arent any . But this saw , but wait for the Sales ! It could save you some big $ 's .
 I have been shopping for a portable table saw for about six months now and finally decided that the Porter-Cable brand name and reputation for reliability deserved some serious attention . However , one review that was written about this piece of equipment was actually very negative and had nothing to do with the saw itself but the customer 's perception of Porter-Cable 's Customer Service Department . I caution readers of these reviews to not get carried-away with a review such as this and let it impact your buying decision . I want to go down on record here to say that I have just dealt with that same Customer Service department and found them to be most courteous and cooperative . I purchased a profile sander two weeks ago and found that one of the small rubber `` profiles '' was missing . One call to Porter-Cable and things were solved . I just received , not one , but three of these parts via UPS -LRB- 4 day turnaround -RRB- at no charge to me . I would never expect any more from a company than that ! My hat is off to those folks . I , contrary to the person who wrote a negative report , will most definitely lean toward Porter-Cable for my next purchases of an random orbital sander and a 13/4 hp router kit .
 I bought the Wagner 9140S to paint a 20 x 8 x 8 foot ocean shipping container purchased as a storage shed . Worked better than I thought possible . Did the inside with a bright white paint in about 30 minutes after setting up everything . Barn red on the outside surfaces took hardly any longer.This sprayer is the bottom end unit of their professional series and for a homeowner is an excellent choice if you do n't mind spending maybe an extra hundred bucks or so to get above the actual `` homeowner '' sprayers they also make.Reviews I read of the low end homeowner sprayers told of major problems cleaning up those units after doing a paint job . I did n't want that hassle and immediately `` bought up . '' But my nature with tools and such things to try and get the better stuff since they last forever if taken care of . But cleaning any of these sprayers takes a little time . And it must be done properly or you will have problems with the next paint job.If you have a need to spray really heavy coatings such as that white stuff used on motorhome roofs and such you probably need to check into the really heavy duty professional sprayers that Wagner makes .
 The system worked fine the first time . Stained about 300 ft of cedar fence . When I went to use it the second time-still oil based stain on the cedar fence-the gun would not work . I sent it to a shop -LRB- for warranty coverage -RRB- . After a week , they called and said they were sending it back to Wagner . We 'll see what happens .
 This is the first airless sprayer I 've ever used , and I have been very impressed with it . I am using it to paint the exterior of my house and it is proving to be a huge time-saver . Tricky areas like the eaves under the roof would have taken forever with a brush . With this tool I 'm done in minutes , and it looks great ! Even though this is the entry level model in the Wagner line , it still can throw a lot of paint on in a hurry ! I can only imagine what the big models will do . I am spraying a latex exterior house paint straight out of the can , no additives or dilution required.The unit came with a 415 tip which was fine for large areas , but proved a little wide for the detail work . I bought a 313 to do the trim . Fortunately all of the brands -LRB- Wagner , SprayTech , Grayco , etc. -RRB- use the same tips which can be found at any big-box store -LRB- Home Depot , Lowes -RRB- . You will also need to buy a swivel for the gun -LRB- about $ 20 -RRB- . The paint hose becomes very stiff under pressure , and without a swivel , the gun is very hard to maneuver.Cleanup can be a chore . The capacity of the pickup tube and the hose is substantial and all of that paint has to be thoroughly flushed out . Then you have to clean the gun with a brush . None of this is really unexpected . It 's a professional style tool for big jobs , and even with the cleanup , you 're way ahead of the game.As for the other reviewers who complained about a broken tip , I 'm not sure how that could happen as it 's made from steel . Maybe they were talking about the tip holder ? Just buy a new one from HD for $ 15 and get on with it .
 I primed and painted four new rooms and trim using flat acrylic paint . The 1st setup and clean up each took about 30 minutes but subsequent setups and cleanups took 10 minutes . The consistency is wonderful but a quick light pass with a roller is recommend to even out the paint dispersement and user error . It took me a hour to prime four rooms and two hours to paint two coats of flat paint . Overall , I estimated a 75 % time savings . Highly recommended . An earlier reviewer had mentioned a broken tip , this package comes with an extra tip and is easy to replace -LRB- 1 minute -RRB-
 This paint sprayer saved a lot of time more importantly it allowed an ammateur painter do quality work on his new home . I had to read directions carefully and then look at the directions on manufacturers website in order to get accustomed to operating and cleaning sprayer . I originally bought it to stain my deck which it made the job from impossible to a matter of a few hours -LRB- stripping included -RRB- . It was well worth the money and i wish i had bought one 20 years ago .
 I just bought this from Orchard Supply for under $ 300 . Used it today and sprayed over 5 gallons of exterior latex paint in just over one hour . This is a quality unit , close to a commercial big boy professional type , but at an affordable price for part time use . Sprayed great , some slobber on the tip guard , but that could have been from the lower quality paint I was using . Even though not recommended for use with the thick elastometric paint , it sprayed it well after thinning it a little . Cleanup was easier with the hose attachment than the professional units I have used in the past . As with any airless sprayer , cleanup is critical in preventing problems at the next use . Wagner tech support told me that warm water and detergent was acceptable for complete cleaning , especially for long term storage . You should clean the unit so it looks like new , never used . It only takes a short time to do a proper job , and you will minimize future problems . Invest in a plastic toothbrush and a small bottle brush to really get the corners of tip guard and inside filter housing -LRB- handle -RRB- . I used a commercial ammonia based soap , pumped it through the unit for several minutes and it removed all trace of paint . Cycle again with clear warm water to remove any soap residue , drain lines and gun and be sure to suck a few ounces of the seperating oil into the inlet to keep parts from sticking . The new unit with the spring loaded inlet check ball actuation plunger is a great idea . This is a typical problem of airless units and usually means partial disassembly to unstick the check ball . Great idea . Overall this is a great unit at a good value . Clean it well after use , treat it well and it should last longer than you want to be painting .
 I was looking for an alterative to brush or roller painting the exterior of my house and found this sprayer to be a great value . Many of the so-called Homeowner sprayers are cumbersome and require a TON of extra work to clean . This semi-pro/contractor style sprayer is only a little bit more expensive , but is built with quality . The instructions are clearly written , all of the necessary parts come in the box and it is easy to use . I had never used a paint sprayer before using this product and now my neighbors are asking me to paint their houses!This machine lays down paint quickly and uniformly . The sprayer tip is reversible to clear clogs and is very comfortable to hold . The hose is a bit stiff , but very managable . The unit is quieter than I expected.Cleaning is as simple as attaching a garden hose to the intake and turning on the water . The longest part of the cleaning process was taking the spray gun apart and clearing the filter -LRB- which was n't hard to do -RRB- . My only complaint is that I had a tendency to develop accumulations of paint at the tip of the sprayer and had a few drips fall onto my siding . Very preventable if you remember to wipe the tip off every few gallons sprayed.Overall , a great product at a great price .
 Having used several different paint sprayers over the years . I think that for the amount of money spent that this sprayer is agood buy.I would recommend it to any home owner .
 Fabulous product !!! I bought it to paint my shed and house . I primed it -LRB- the shed is 10x16 -RRB- in 1/2 hour , did the clean up , which by the way was a breeze , and them painted the shed in another 1/2 an hour -LRB- I let the primer dry for about an hour and a half -RRB- . Overall , actual painting and cleaning , it took me between 1.5 and 2.0 hours for the entire job , maybe a little longer !! There is NO WAY you will do that on non primed and painted wood with a roller.Clean up was easy , much easier than the Paint Crew , from what I heard . Just follow the easy and clear instructions and it works . All you need is a garden hose and an empty container.I do recommend getting the swivel for the Spray Gun and a 50 ' hose , the 25 ' that comes with the unit is good but the 50 ' gives you more mobility.Spend the extra money and buy this unit over the Paint Crew , the ease of use and the clean up make it worth the extra cash . Gleempaint.com
 I bought this to use as part of a home remodeling project . I had 10 doors that I needed to paint with satin paint and was n't happy with the way they were turning out with the brush.Set up was very easy . Instructions were clear and concise . I used the sprayer to paint 10 doors and multiple pieces of trim / baseboard / etc. . It really is amazing how great it looks - the doors are spectacular . It was very easy to get consistently good results.Only bad things :1 . It is very messy ! There was lots of overspray all around behind the doors . No drips or anything like that , but you really need to cover things that you do n't want paint on .2 . Painting the doors and trim took all of 20 minutes ... clean up took lots longer ! However , it is not difficult , simply attach a hose to the pump , run water thru it -LRB- if you 're using latex paint -RRB- until clear , and wash the rest of the parts . In any case , it was lots faster than painting all the parts with a brush.I 'm not sure if I would like to use this for interior painting -LRB- walls , etc -RRB- unless it was part of a complete remodel where the house was empty . Still , masking off all the stuff would take a long time ... maybe longer than cutting in with a brush and rolling -LRB- depending on your experience -RRB- . I do think it is perfect for doors , trim , etc. and would work great for exterior painting -LRB- planning on using it for this in the spring -RRB- .
 It worked great right out of the box . The only issue I had was the fact I had to fight the stiff hose as I moved around . I solved that problem by buying a swivel to connect the hose and spray head . It would be nice if the company would include a swivel with their product . Cleanup was slow until I started using a bucket of hot water and dish soap .
 My parents were looking for a power paint sprayer and did some research . My dad called me and said he wanted the Wagner Power 9140 because it was recommended to him by guy at the Home Depot . SO I checked Amazon they had the right price so I made the order . My dad enjoys researching these kind of things so I knew that no other brand would be appreciated.The first time the sprayer was used it took some time to figure out how to assemble and use , but once you figure it out you are off to the races . A normal size bedroom will take about an hour to do a good job . As far as cleaning goes attach to a garden hose , could not be simpler.The one con that I have is that it markets itself as entry level however in comparison it more expensive than other entry level modes form the competiors . Also , there are many add on attachments that can be bought which should be considered when factoring in your decision.However it is worth the price when you compare to using a normal roller and the time you save . The Wagner saves time and makes painting fun .
 i purchased the mm2500 for my dewalt . i had the dewalt stand , out and side supports . it got to be a real pain to move this set up . either lift the saw and put it down move the stand pick up and replace the saw , or have someone help pick up the stand and saw . the third option was dragging it . i chose the rousseau over the trojan for the options ; router table and fence . if you have the dewalt and order the optional mm2515 -LRB- router table/side support -RRB- , be forwarned it must be lifted off to rip smaller than 8in as the saws rack and pinion hit the support . for this flaw i minus 1 star . i also suggest the outfeed support and brkt -LRB- m2520 and m2521 -RRB- as this gives more support than dewalts . now i find myself waking up in the middle of the night , going out to the garage just to roll it to a different spot .
 Simple to assemble , set up and use . I have a Makita , and Rousseau said I had to make a plywood base . It works great . Better than what comes with the saw . It is built for the beasts out there , so it is a bit big to go in and out of my trailer . No more saw off , move stand , saw on . Just push the button and -LRB- be careful . . pinch hazard ! -RRB- fold up the wheels .
 I know it 's kind of expensive , but it ` sreally worth it . I was having trouble moving my Bosch `` portable '' table saw even though I 'm a burly 6 ' 5 , 250 pound guy until I got it . It 's a real sturdy stand that let 's me move the saw easily - down 50 yards of gravel driveway from my shop to my house , then up six steps to the deck without hassle . I also wheel the saw to make the best use of shop space . I move it inside my shop as needed to cut large boards , or into a corner for storage . I generally do n't fold the saw stand up unless I 'm loadining it into my pickup .
 I installed my DeWalt portable table saw on the Rousseau 2500 that I bought from Amazon . It is the perfect stand for my situation which only requires that I roll it around my garage when I need to use or store it . The saw and the stand combined are quite heavy but easy to manage . Assembly was easy and it is well built . It remains very steady and solid while you are making cuts . It really reduces the chore of setting up my table saw . I have not tried folding it yet as I have not needed to . I would highly recommend it to someone who needs to wheel their ` portable ' table saw around .
 When I received my first Speed Demon as a gift , I thought it was interesting , but that it would break in a matter of days . Was I ever wrong about this product ! First of all let me tell you that I am a sub contractor for a swimming pool company . I have been setting pool tile for over 12 years and have subsequently broken or destroyed at least one of every type of tool used on the job . Our tools get used hard . They get dropped in the water , left in the mud overnight , stepped on and worse . Chalk lines are used nearly every day and I normally break or ruin several a year . My Speed Demon lasted through over 18 months of this torture . That 's longer than any other chalk line I have used . Not only this , but it saved me hours of time usually spent cranking in line time and time again . I can not stress enough the convienience of this feature.Contrary to other reviews I have read , you can change the line although it is a frustrating experience . The only thing I can think of as a possible improvement would be a sliding lock to hold the line out , or maybe an aluminum body although I never broke the plastic one . Eventually the spring mechanism completly gave out and my first Speed Demon had to be thrown out . I ordered three more the next day . So has everyone else that I work with .
 Habitat must not be having too much of a problem with this tool , they want 10 of them !
 It 's a downrod . It does exactly what it 's supposed to do . It 's white . It 's 12 inches . It 's designed for Hunter fans . If you 've got a Hunter fan and need a 12 inch white downrod , this is the product for you .
 I bought this extension with my outdoor fan to bring the cooling effect closer to the floor it fit great and worked out very well .
 Well when you have hunter fans you have to have the downrod that goes with it if you have 10 foot ceilings . These match perfectly .
 The color matched the fan I was installing and the rod works as expected . Was n't difficult to figure out how to attach it to the fan .
 This is a piece of metal . No moving parts at all . The only thing they could have screwed up was length , finish or thread . They didnt , the product came in great shape and it still works today !
 I ordered a hunter fan that is egyptian bronze and the downrod matches perfectly . It is maybe a shade darker but you can not tell at all unless I told you . I also noticed that this downrod is really thick and solid campared to the one it replaced .
 This fence adjusts easily , mounts and dismounts easily and quickly , connects to the dust collector conveniently , and in general works as expected . The only thing I wish were different is that the baltic birch face is not protected , as another reviewer commented . My solution was to cover it with UHMW plastic and double-sided tape . Laminate would work also , but the UHMW solution is quick , inexpensive , durable and easily replaceable .
 This is a fine piece of equipment that will outlive you.The bit is enclosed in a box that can easily be attached to a vacuum . Drill 2 holes to attach it to any existing router table -LRB- I mean uh , . . any existing router table that you are able and/or willing to drill holes in -RRB- . All of the parts and hardware are high quality , heavy duty and accommodate large fingers and hands . The voidless 13 ply fences are easily adjustable.I bought mine years ago , so my information might be dated , but the only thing I can think of that would make this a better tool out of the box is plastic laminate on the face of the fences . I did this myself long before the first job I used it for was completed . It just seems natural to me that Rousseau would protect that sweet plywood and at the same time give this tool a look and feel that is similar to the rest of their product line . -RRB-
 I looked at alot of different router fences . I added this one on to a home made table and was perfectly straight out of the box . The price was great and no shims were required and its very robust . I will still end up putting uhmw tape over the wood guides to prevent any premature wear .
 I am interested in this item , but haveone question ; are the fences individually adjustable ?
 I did n't figure that there was much of a differnce between hose clamps . I used both - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with ribbed hose for dust collection . The wire band clamps were easier to put on , held better , seated well , and stayed on the fittings better .
 I am using these clamps for a purpose other that the original . I clamp them around a batch of wine corks to make heat-resistant trivets .
 Due to availability , my 3 package order was split into two shipments several weeks apart . The first shipment contained one package of 5 clamps . The second , and final , shipment contained 2 clamps , not 2 packages of 5 each . A short call to Amazon customer service had 2 packages -LRB- 10 clamps total -RRB- on their way to me within a few days.As for the clamps themselves , they seat well around the hose ribs and hold tight without any thread stripping . I would suggest using a nut driver or socket wrench to tighten them , as the phillips head requires more force to tighten , and therefore more chance for head stripping or injury .
 I owned a Franke Little Butler . It is the same as this unit . There are about a half dozen suppliers of this identical unit all branded differently , but it is the same guts inside . For $ 140 bucks you ca n't go wrong . Mine lasted about 5 years . I could spend $ 85 to replace the immersion heating element inside the stainless steel tank , but its so easy to disconnect the two hoses , unplug the power , lift up the unit off the wall-mount bracket and be done with it . It should take 1/2 hour . They are cheaply made , so buy two and put one in the garage for 5 years from now . They 'll probably double in price ; where are you going to get that kind of return for your money ? Certainly not at Wells Fargo or Bank of America . Oh , the dripping and steaming another reviewer experienced means they had the thermostat set too high . NOTE
 This is a great heating tank by Franke.Although heating tanks in general do n't last long by nature , I 'm very satisfied with my purchase.After 4 - 1/2 years this one replaced my first one that went out.After much investigating I feel the Franke is the best ! Thanks Amazon
 This unit was installed four weeks ago , and presented no problems . We assume it will continue to be problem-free for a long time .
 THE ITEM ARRIVED IN TIME PROMISED AND WAS EASY TO INSTALL . MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THE RIGHT ONE FOR YOUR LITTLE BUTLER .
 Like the Hot/Cold water dispenser because of its convenience but not happy with the amount of time the heating tank lasts . Wish they could figure out how to make one that does n't leak .
 Thank you for having a workable part for our kitchen hot water heater!It was easy to install and works perfectly .
 Just replaced our ten year old Franke HT200 installed with our kitchen renovation . The replacement unit purchased from Amazon arrived in three days , and I installed it in about thirty minutes this morning . Nice surprise , the new unit is much more powerful with 1300-watt rating , vs. the 780w for the ten year old model . And I really appreciated the water supply , plastic compression fitting that easily replaced the old , corroded brass compression type which had to be cut off . The full tank of cold water now heats to about 180 degrees in under fifteen minutes . If the unit lasts ten years like the original , we 'll be very pleased .
 This item arrived quickly and was easy to install . The identical item which I replaced only lasted 4 years but I saved a big plumber bill by installing myself . It took about 20 minutes .
 I 've had my franke LB200 h/c dispenser with HB 200 tank for 12 years . last year the hose developed a leak , but the plumber repaired the tubing . now , the cold water spigot has failed . i 'm not sure what to replace it with , given the poor reviews i see here , as well as poor reviews for the insinkerator models . i guess i can consider myself very lucky to have had it function so well for so long .
 After 15 years the Little Butler Instant Hot Water unit I installed when my kitchen was renovated burnt out . After consulting with my plumber about a replacement part , we found that his plumbing distributor was charging more than Amazon for the product so I bought it and he installed it . Its working fine . If it lasts fiften years like the last one , I 'll upgrade the rating to 5 star ! I suspect my plumber now double checks Amazon whenever he buys parts .
 We use this product everyday for making tea , soup or even washing items . Yes its hot . Perfect for finish cleaning an item . This is our 2nd . the first one developed a seal leak after 8 yrs . I gave this a 5 rating as we truly love using it . Any con would have to be if I stand still with no noise elsewhere near , , I can hear the heater working if I pay attention to just that . But it is NOT any issue at all .
 I bought this to use on my new router table . It went on easy and works good . I would buy again .
 Often , a straight line is n't any good if its not level . The ` free ' leveling base is a great addition that allows quick and precise leveling -LRB- to the accuracy of a bubble vial -RRB- . The switch is easy to accidentally turn on . Plan on pulling the batteries out for storage . The laser is nice and bright . Be careful , it 's easy to take one in the eye from the ` up ' beam if you 're looking from the top to level it .
 the robo square torpedo level is a convenient little tool . it 's small enough to fit in my tool pouch , I use it to take measurements for bracket fabrication and check clearance if there are any obstructions before I begin any installation . The only design problem is the laser switch sometimes turns on when it is in my tool pouch .
 I have been looking at a lot of different laser levels for a good while and for the money , I was impressed , except for that stupid on & off switch . Almost tricky to use , you would think they would have a definite on or off . I did fix mine , if you have the patients and a dremel tool . They could of molded a high spot like I made so easy and fixed this switch . I had a pocket flashlight with a similar problem , always killing the batteries but not now . I used that idea to fix this problem . Makes you wonder if the engineers try these before they market them ? One thing that is a must , is get that leveling base . That was the trouble with all the other lasers I had looked at . Like , how can you cast a straight beam of light from one point to the next if its not level , the base fixes that . As a pipefitter , I believe it would be handy for fabrication work too . I also made a leather pouch -LRB- which they do n't make -RRB- for mine to protect it . I have used it a couple times now and it appears accurate . I also liked the laser dot , its cast a 4 point star dot which lets you get pretty accurate measurements with a ruler because you have the dot in the middle plus a North , South , East & West thin beam of light . Another neat feature is that they have slots cut threw the side of the level to use straps -LRB- which again they do n't make -RRB- to hold the level to a non-metallic object , a two by four or plastic pipe . Not to mention , very strong magnets on the bottom of this level for the metal objects . Probably the neatest thing is the three laser beams , straight ahead , to the side and straight up . The only problem with this is if its on and you are trying to level it or use it , you can get the overhead beam in the eye if your not careful . What it needs is a simple cover that could slide on or off easily to disable the beam of light your not using . Hope this review helps someone .
 Handy as can be for welded joint fit ups . Toss your squares back in the gang box , this reads real easy on the ruler , plus , you can put lengths of pipe together straight as a string.But Robo Toolz should provide a replacement for that pesky switch , or supply us with batteries !
 Tool is very nice but the on off switch is weak .
 I 'm using this to build a deck . Very handy and growing more indespensible as time goes on . The only reason I dropped a star down to 4 is the lack of readable instructions . I found that the battery cover has a spring loaded cap that pulls out , turns a quarter turn and stays off ! I had to discover this on my own because the instructions appear to have been written by an Asian speaking Asian trying to write in English.Thats my only gripe . Great tool . Wish it was around years ago !!
 I have just competed installing 700 ' of steel fence on my property and with the help of the robosquare lazer level the fence looks better than fence a contractor has been installing . I have several other proojects lined up and you can bet the Robosquare level will be right there helping me
 I Just got the tool and I use it for many building projects . I can not imagine working without it . This is a very handy and useful tool . I like it 's small size and it is very easy to read . The laser is powerful and accurate . It is very well built and feels luxurious in your hand.My only gripe is the on/off switch . It needs a clear indent for the off mode . It is very tempromental and would rather be ON all the time . Not very secure for transporting or using as a regular level.I called Porter Cable to report this , they immediately sent me a New switch ... which has the same problem.I love the magnetic base . makes for handy placement on steel or as an `` in your face `` storege option while waitiing for it 's next assignment.I use the tool often ... I just wish I could count on the switch to stay in the `` OFF '' mode when I do not want the red laser to be on.Fix the switch and this tool belongs in the `` Tool Hall of Fame '' . chris slye
 You need three AAA batteries to really use this tool , and they do n't ship with it .
 Great level , strong magnets survived multiple drops from 10 feet up -LRB- hey I was on a ladder , these things happen . -RRB- The only problem , albeit a minor one is that the knob for turning the laser on and off is too easily turned and on a couple of occasions I unknowingly depleted my batteries .
 Great level and features . However , the on/off switch is easily turned on unintentionally . The switch is spring loaded in the off position and can turn on when bumped or touched inadvertantly . I worry about it being turned on by accident in my tool box .
 this space saving gizmo really works big time for vertical level from the spot on the floor to the 30 foot sprinkler heads .
 well worth the purchase . this product allows for squaring without the use of both hands , so it frees up one hand to use with a tape measure . it turns a two man job into a one man job .
 The photo in Amazon is WRONG as it only shows one beam but this actually has three -LRB- as the description says -RRB- . The quality is fantastic and so easy to use . I got mine just in time to build a fence in the front yard and this will make it so much easier . I 've seen other laser levels with less features for more $ . And it 's a great cat toy * ha * -LRB- shine the light on the wall and watch the cat go nuts - just do n't get it in their eye .
 This tool does everything that it says it will . This is a simple way to make perfect miters . I would suggest this tool to anyone who wants to save time doing complicated math .
 Bought one to use for running a gutter extension 60 ' . Put it on a tripod , leveled it , and then just walked along with a 48 '' rule checking the drop every pipe . Could n't be easier.As the other reviewers have mentioned , the `` on/off '' switch is unscrewing the battery cover . Kinda lame considering how well designed it is otherwise.Besides the leveling plate , the bottom has several magnets which really held . I did n't need to screw it to the tripod , just placed it there .
 Awesome . That pretty much sums up how I feel about this tool . It can do anything and everything . No other tool is as versatile as the RotoZip . You 'd think it was made for the professional user , but anyone can easily use it . As much as I love the tool , I think the bits and accessories are what really make this tool great . The zip bits can be used to cut just about anything and their unique design allow for fast , clean cuts . You do have to make sure that you 're installing and using the bits correctly though , or they might break and be costly to replace . The bits will last cut after cut when using them correctly . Do not try cutting floor tile with the bits ! You need the diamond ZBLADE for that . Also make sure that the bit is completely through your work , or it will heat up and break . Overall , this tool should be the # 1 choice for all of your projects . Definitely worth the price !
 Awesome tool . Only one problem . The idea and concept isgreat , but with a bad design internally . The fan that blowson the inside to cool the motor , and divert dust on the outsideis plastic with a very low melting point it seems.I have owned it for awhile and am starting to use it moreheavily on a RecRoom I am building , but you use it enough to getwarm , as motors do , the platic fans adhesive to the tool 's shaftliquifies and slides down the shaft until it starts to scrapeon the inside housing . REALLY BAD DESIGN.Since mine is out of warrenty , I opened up the tool and heatedthe shaft with a torch enough to slid it back into place.Seems OK for now , but I 'm pretty irritated that they obviouslydid n't do much testing with their own tool before selling this .
 Myself , I 'm a lowly home owner . I bought this tool , because of it 's maneuverability and speed with which it cuts . For roughing in flooring in my attic , it performed better than any tool I have ever owned . The power , cable and phonewires in my attic were easily managed by cutting a quarter inch deep trench in the 2x4 's , such that the plywood would n't crush them . I then was able to freehand cut the plywood around the roofing supports . All said and done , I had my attic completely floored in about 3 hours . It would have taken several weekends of my time using conventional jigsaws , or hauling stuff up and down the ladder.I can not dispute the issues of the fan blade ; I do not doubt that this happens with commercial use . However , for the home user it has not been a problem for me . I gave it 4 stars , instead of 5 stars for the simple reason that I agree with the commercial users . The fan should be able to withstand the temperatures the tool will generate in continuous use .
 The man is a tool collector , my husband . I 'm not complaining , mind you , I reap the benefits . Amazon has everything he needs & he makes good use of his RotoZip equipment , even built a big building to hold it all . I call that devotion to tools . This little doozey does many jobs , and well . Easy to operate , produces good results . Our two adult sons borrow this tool to use at their homes . it is well used , and performs satisfactorily every time . Amazon has got the goods .
 One of those tools you thought you might not need but are now darn glad you have . You 'll wonder if this tool will help with pretty much every challenging cutting angle or clearance issue . Used the accessories almost from day 1 , so the combo makes sense . No regrets .
 I 've had this indispensable tool for a while now and I love it ! The spiral bits slice through drywall and wood without flinching . The wheel attachment is great and you can get a wheel for any occassion -LRB- cutting tile , metal , sanding , etc. -RRB- Couple of things I would like : * A straight edge for using the spiral bits -LRB- who needs a router ? -RRB- * A longer straight edge for the wheel attachment -LRB- it 's a bit short -RRB- Other stuff to keep in mind : * The collet storage is n't that great - put 'em the case so you do n't lose them.Other than that , it 's a fabulous product .
 I had to install a over the stove microwave and needed to cut a Corian backsplash 1/4 '' to accomodate the mounting plate . I decided to try out this product with the ZipMate attachment and the accompanying masonry wheel . I was able to make the cut without the use of any guide , and cut a straight line no problem . Using the same wheel I was able to sand down the ends of the cut as well . Easy to use , assemble and disassemble . I ca n't wait to try it on other stuff .
 I wish I 'd bought this one ! Some of the lower-priced Rotozips can not , or at least are not reccommended to use certain accessories , such as the circle cutter , and others . My Rotozip is the most awesome tool in the tool box ! -LRB- A Rotozip & a Dremel w / all those awesome accessories are a dream , are easy to operate for us gals & the guys too ! -RRB- Making free-form projects , such as Halloween & Christmas/Hanukka stuff , toys for kids , and cuttung out hearts & other designs for bookshelves , rocking horses , and so on is easier than pie ! :-RRB- The tile bits are great for small projects , such as mosaics , replacing cut kitchen tiles , and I have a neighbor who is a contractor that has several he and his crew use for just abuot everything you can imagine when building homes , remodeling homes , inclusing bathrooms and kitchens , and such ... a MUST for anyone 's tool box!The tool is very disabled-person frendly as well , so if you have not been able to do projects because of a disability , this might just get you back into woodworking mosaic design , or whatever your fancy ! If you can use a drill , you can very likely use this tool with no problem ! One of the best tools ever ! I know of a local man who quit woodworking because he could no longer use the hand tools he used to , and is back making beautiful items for kids rooms again !
 Best hand tool to date . With this and my cordles screw driver . I have been a fixin fool
 This tool has come in very handy for me and my workers . It 's been great for removing cracked ceramic tile in showers -LRB- using masonary disk -RRB- , cutting stucco , etc. . If you get one , make sure you ALWAYS wear safety goggles . The one time I did n't I had a piece of stucco hit my eyeball and it was extremely painful -LRB- am fortunate it hit the white part of the eye -RRB- . What I dislike about this tool is the on/off switch . It is so bad that I could see someone having an accident with it . The switch is a slippery piece of plastic that you have to pull to turn it on and it 's not easy to get a grip on.I also do n't like the cheesy plastic case . The mfg. should include a metal case or at a minimum a quality plastic case.I have n't had great luck with the bits -LRB- they always seem to break -RRB- . Even though there are a couple negative things about this tool , I would definitely buy it again . It has become indispensable to me and gets used regularly in renovating apartment units .
 Tool cuts about anything as advertized . Care must be taken when installing bits to ensure small portion of smooth shank is visible -LRB- bits break easily otherwise -RRB- . The 4.5 amp rating is actually 5 amp UL rating -LRB- notice comes with spiral saw -RRB- . If you want to cut floor tiles you must buy the diamond zBLADE used by the Zipmate attachment -LRB- additional 19.99 to 24.95 depending on where you get it -RRB- . No other way with this saw to cut floor tiles reliably .
 I was one of the guys who got suckered in by watching the TV infomercial . But after purchasing this unit , I am 90 % satisfied ! The quality and durability of this unit makes it a valuable tool for anyone who already owns a Dremel . I owned my Dremel tool since 1993 but I do still use it . The Rotozip comes in where the Dremel fails , heavier duty work.I used the cut-off tool to cut stainless steel and iron ! The Dremel would 've made me wait 20 times longer and with a dozen more of frustrations . The Rotozip does have some flaws , but not enough to render it useless . The head-attachment for cutting , etc. has a poorly designed spline gear . The gear that you insert into the collet to use the head-attachment `` creeps '' up and chews into the plastic of the head-attachment . Luckily Rotozip sent me a new head to use.Sometimes the collet does n't squeeze the spline gear enough , so removing discs or pads can be cumbersome . The adjustable air vents always close up on me . This is caused by the excess vibration when cutting metal , etc.The built in LEDs are extremely useful , especially in hard to see areas . The LEDs light up the work surface , but only when using the spiral saw bits.Trigger is very easy to use , much easier to use than my pneumatic cut off tool !
 I am not a contractor nor claim to try to be one . I 'm a weekend warrior who does most of his own home improvements minus additions . I have owned this tool for 6 months and it has become absolutely indespensible in my arsenal . It has basically replaced my angle-grinder , my Dremel , and in some instances my circular saw.I was skeptical at first ... especially with the circle and Zip-Mate attachments , but both work amazingly well and are easy to use . The Zip-Mate is incredibly handy and does just about anything an angle-grinder can do.My only complaints are with the switch , as mentioned below , and the cost of the accessories . The switch turns on and off easily if you 're not careful . Also it occasionally sputters in trigger operation mode . The cost of the proprietary accessories is annoying . And some bits and wheels wear out quickly . But overall , this tool is well worth the price .
 After woodworking and building for 30 years , I finally purchased this tool . It outperformed my expectations . This should have been the third tool purchased , right after a circular saw and drill . Over the years , this would have saved so much frustration and time wasted using other tools the Rotozip accomplishes immediately with so little effort . The ease of cuts and accuracy when installing sheet products makes the job a lot easier and quicker .
 I 've had mine for about 4 months and am amazed at how often I use it , and in how many different scenarios . Its sort of the one tool that I like to have with me because it is so versatile.When I was trying to decide which model to buy , I went to 3 Home Depot 's and this model was always sold out . I asked why and was told that contractors bought them as fast as they came in.My experience has been very positive and it is a tool I reach for frequently .
 Excellent build quality , functionality and style . I 've had one of these lamps for the past 8 years or so ... I just picked up a 2nd one for my wife 's bedside table . The light bulb has never burned out in my original one either , even with almost daily use . I highly recommend this lamp !
 My construction class recently bought two of these nailers because our compressed air supply is too high pressure for nailers , so we use cordless or a seperate compressor . I have used a pneumatic nailer on five roofs ranging from small ticket booths to full sized play barns with flashing , felt paper , drip edge , and more . I was skeptical about a cordless nailer that did not use gas cells like a Paslode Impulse system , but I realized that it takes a lot less force to drive a nail through some shingles or a thin strip of aluminum than a 2x12 header . The jackhammer-style system takes some getting used to but it does not require padded gloves like a demo hammer . As for the nail cartridges , they are great . Our pneumatics constantly jammed from misshapened and bent wire-collated nails . The cartridges keep the nails in the correct shape ... . This is the only roofing nailer you will ever need , just get some cartridges of nails , a couple of batteries , go up on your roof and start laying whatever is needed . This is a great innovation . If you dont believe me , try Tools of The Trade , they gave it a special award for innovation
 This is a fabulous tool . I use as many cordless tools as I can because I hate listening to my generator and compressor running all the time . Bostitch has made a top of the line tool with this one . The battery will lay about 21/2 square of shingles without a recharge and with two batteries one can be charging at all times so you never run out of power . The tool is loud but not as loud as a generator , it is a bit on the heavy side but much better than having that air hose in tow and the way it holds in your hand you barely notice the weight . You have to buy the nails in the in the plastic canisters which only cost on average two dollars more per box but if you are a real miser you can buy regular coil roof nails and reload the canisters . If you are like me and want to use cordless as much as possible and you do many roofs this is a great alternative to pneumatic . I have literally waited for years for this tool ... thank you Stanley Bostitch .
 While I am not in the trade year round I have found this tool to be the answer to many of the challenges we face with safety and quality while on the roof.This gun eliminates tripping hazards as there are no hoses or electric cords . This keeps the comprtessor off the roof so no hazard encountered while tring to get your equipment up to the work surface.No overhead issue for the team on the ground because the grip pads on the top end of the gun really do stop it from sliding off the roof unlike other air guns that momentum of the hose carries the gun off the roof onto the teamn below.Noise is much less of an issue than with compressed air . Communications from the ground up and down is easier . No noise to yell over.I have read that you can reload the plastic containers the nails come in however I have not been able to find a manufactures note that would indicate that this is a safe practice.Compared to the conventional Bostitch RN45B we are able to lay em down and nail em with equal speed and without fighting the hose all day.The quality of our finished product is greater because there is no marring of the roof edge shingles from the air line rubbing against it . That is the customers line of sight and that matters ... If you are buying an air nail roofing gun . Reconsider and buy this battery operated gun .
 I 've owned and used this tool for about 4 years now . While I 'm not a roofer , I do on ocassion have the need to do some roofing . First let me say this tool in no way replaces an air gun as your primary roofing gun . It 's much slower , heavier and you would need several batteries and chargers to keep you going on a decent sized roof . Furtheremore , it 's impossible to bounce fire the gun and drive 3 to 4 nails in a second or two as done with almost any pneumatic coiler nailer out there . This due to the hammering action of the gun and the fact that you have to press the gun into your work rather than letting the weight of the gun bounce fire the nail . This makes it tiring to use for any extended period of time . Aside from that , I find the tool very well made and efficient for small jobs and rework . It 's nice not to have to break out the hose & compressor and extension cord and generator for these small jobs . It 's a specialized tool and not every contractor will be able to justify the purchase -LRB- if you can find one -RRB- . Despite the drawbacks and having to buy the special nails and not being able to use the batteries for other tools , I feel this tool has earned it 's place in my tool fleet and I 'll be dissapointed when I have to retire it .
 I had been searching for a truly professional rotary level for a few years , before I finally purchased this one . Previous to this , I owned two momentum brands -LRB- now Dewalt -RRB- which looked nice , but were not meant to take on the riggors of a jobsite setting . This unit however is a heavy duty commercial grade . It is simple to set up , -- just push 1 button and its servo motors self level the rotary head in either a vertical , or horizontal plane , and then they keep the unit level automatically alligned . Even say if one of the feet of your tripod happens to sink a little into soft soil , the units servos correct it immediately . The remote is a joy to work with too , just push a button and you can set the speed from 800rpm to a snails pace of 10rpm , and then stop it wherever you want to place your refference mark.It also has an adjustable sweep mode so you can change the lenght of the `` wiggle '' line to suit how wide of a reference you want to project.The receiver beeps and two leds light up when the beam is centered . The unit also has a ceiling/wall mount to use for suspended ceilings , and ruby glasses , along with a hard shell case , nicad batteries and a self charging system , and a blow molded heavy duty case.The only down side is that since Levelite has now been taken over by a worldwide company known as Trimble . The length of their warranty has been cut in half from two yrs . down to one . All in all though , this is a pro 's first choice .
 I am a remodeling contractor and my work consists of kitchen and bath remodeling , some cabinet making and a lot of misc . construction projects . For the last 20 years , I have lugged a Makita table saw around in my truck and for the most part , cut material with the saw placed on the floor or ground . Now that I 'm older and do n't bend over as well as I used to , I 've searched for a good saw stand that is portable and found , in my opinion , the perfect one.I have owned the Rousseau 2950 for my Dewalt DW708 miter saw for about 2 years now . At first I thought I made a mistake because of the size of the unit and the limited space in my van . I 'm here to tell you , besides the saw , the stand was the best purchase I made in years . This lead me back to the Rousseau line of products for my consideration of a table saw stand for my Makita 2708 table saw.Originally I ordered the Rousseau 2700XL kit . The more investigating I did the more I started to question my decision to purchase the 3-piece set . Where or how will I store it in my van ? Taking the saw out and storing it just meant more space being swallowed up . I was having buyer 's remorse only days after placing the order.I called Rousseau and questioned them on the 2750 Portamak . Another problem I was dealing with was the replacement of my old 2708 . I was n't sure what I wanted to buy to replace it . I needed / wanted a 10 '' saw and was n't sure if Makita was going to be my choice . Considering all the pros and cons , Makita makes a workhorse saw and the pros for me outweighed the cons . Another plus is that my 2708 can still retain a spot in my collection of tools till I 'm ready to spend another $ 300.00 for a new portable saw . Rousseau told me they sell many of the 2750 Portamak tables . I was surprised because I never see any reviews on it . The fella went on to explain it 's portability and that the saw bolts to the stand permanently . My problem solved!I quickly went back to Amazon and cancelled my order for the 2700XL kit . Purchasing the 2750 with the out feed table , router table and extension wing cost a few more bucks than buying the 2700XLK however this wheeled stand is well worth the extra money . I have total portability on the jobsite to boot ! I just fold up my stand with saw attached and roll it up and down stairs to and from my truck ! My back is happy and I am happy!Setup is simple . There are hex screws that adjust for table alignment and fence rail alignment . The fence slides freely across the extension and router table joints very nicely . With the router table and standard extensions installed I have about 8 ' of table width . Full sheets of plywood are a breeze to cut AND I 'm standing up ! I only wish I bought this table sooner.I want to express how customer friendly the Rousseau guys are . They are tops in my book . Any questions I had were answered on the spot . After receiving my table I had noticed the edge of the table was damaged in shipping . No problem , they sent me a replacement ! I questioned a design oversight on their part and they made the part and shipped it to me . Rousseau gets an A + + + + + + . If this stand holds up to all the bouncing banging and rolling around that my 2950 takes , this is going to be one heck of a stand.Keep in mind that this is a portable stand made for a portable saw . This setup will not match the ability or sturdiness of a floor mounted shop saw , BUT is comes darn close for what I need it for . The ability to use my router for quick dadoing using the same dead on saw fence is an added plus . Mounting a router fence to the table is also possible.The 2750 stand accepts all the options offered in the 2700XL version with wheeled portability . The only saws that fit the 2750 are Makita2702 , 2703 and the 2708 . If you have or are going to purchase a Makita saw , you need this stand !! If you have another brand saw , you will need to get the 2700XL and lug it around , but setup and ability to use your saw like a stationary saw is worth the effort!Thanks again Rousseau for the `` 2750 Portamak Saw Stand '' !
 Awesome portable saw set up . This stand makes my Makita feel like a new saw . The fence is as accurate as my shop saw and once squared it stays that way , unlike the fence that came with the saw . I always had to make sure it was lined up and parallel to the blade . Not any more . I also bought the outfeed table which is a must for ripping full sheets of plywood . It is so easy to pack all my tools up , set-up shop at the site , and take-down again . The wheels make it almost effortless.The one thing that I could not figure out until I purchased this stand was how the wheels work ? Now I know and thought I would pass it on to anyone thinking of buying this . It should not change your opinion in any way , just for the information sake . In the pictures the wheels are both on the legs of the stand -LRB- in the set-up position -RRB- and on the top and bottom of the saw in the folded position . This is actually achieved by quickly removing a cotter pin that holds the wheel on an axel , and moving the wheels to a mount for rolling in the folded position . It is simple to do but the wheels do not stay in the same place folded up as when the unit is set up . You do actually have to remove the wheels and remount them when unfolding the stand . Other than that this stand is perfect !! A must have in the carpentry business .
 great table.i 've had this table for around 10 years and , i 've not had one problem with it.it 's been loaded and unloaded many times in my van.great product.the wheels are a pleasure.just fold it up and roll it on.just make sure you get the right table saw for it ten stars here.they are tubebless tires .
 I have to tell you that I do n't own this table . That 's because I 'm still using the Rousseau table I bought over 20 years ago . I 've have to make some repairs and such but the thing just wo n't die . I ca n't begin to tell you all the money I 've made with this table . I 've built whole kitchens of cabinets on site with this table.I ca n't vouch for the new ones but I 'm a big fan of the company ...
 This is a great product . I love it and would not change it for the world or a new wife ... Now that is love .
 I have been using Rousseau products for nearly 20 years . They have made me a lot of money in terms of saved time and have really extended the repertoire of my work.I have ripped whole sheets of 3/4 '' MDF with this tool ! If you need a jobsite saw , this is the one .
 Purchased the makita , hated it . Paid the extra $ 270 dollors for this stand and now its a good saw . Most of the downfalls of the makita saw are corrected by purchasing this stand .
 One of the best things I bought for my guy . He loves it , and so does the guys he works with now they want one too .
 I 'm one who fell into the trap of buying cheap Chicom crap . After buying tools and rebuying them several times , I bought this , American made tool . I am totally happy with this and will never have to buy another ... unless I lose it or it gets stolen by someone who buys chicom crap .
 I use these legs for my portable shooting table . They where use in the video on yyoutube . They have exceeded everything I had planned for them !!! Very sturdy !!!
 I ordered 2 of these from Amazon and 1 box was missing 2 pieces . I sent an e-mail to Target Precision and they were very polite and said they would send the parts to me . In a week I received the parts and was using the saw horses . Not only outstanding customer service but a great product as well . I used 4 x 4 's on mine and am very satisfied . Very sturdy and worth every penny .
 They are very sturdy , and nicely engineered . I used my set to make a shooting bench , and it is important that it is not &#34; shaky &#34; ... well these rugged buddy leg sets are the real deal!Would recommend to a friend !
 Very stable and sturdy construction , very pleased with items . Good intructions and easy to use once installed ! Would buy again !!!
 THIS IS GREAT FOR THE HANDY MAN . IT HAS MANY USES . A BIT HEAVY AND HARD TO COLLASPE BUT VERY USEFUL
 Easy to install and very stable . The folding latch is quite strong and takes some effort to unlatch , not a bad thing though .
 I purchased as a gift and seems to be working out just great . Product is as advertised and it used weekly work projects around the house . .
 Just as advertised . Used them to build a shooting table and they work great . Very easy to instal , heavy duty , and solid .
 The legs provided a very stable platform for my bench . The directions were easy to follow . The directions did indicate that a shim might be needed to level out the stance of the legs . Instead I corrected the 1/2 inch difference by placing a few 1 and 1/2 inch diameter fender washers inside one of the rubber feet .
 Great sawhorse . Easy to use after you bolt on a 2x4 -LRB- or whatever size you want -RRB- . When the legs lock open it 's sometimes a bit difficult to press the release to fold the legs in .
 The Target Precision 34 &#34; sawhorse legs replaced rugged but inconvenient and troublesome stands from a home center . The Target legs are quick to set up , quick to break down , and -- unlike the earlier leg sets -- lock securely
 I ordered 7 sawhorses . 2 of the packages came without all the hardwasre and I had to send them back to get replacements . The product is solid and very good quality .
 After watching a you tube clip , where a gentleman made a shooting bench with one I had to give it a shot . It works very well , great etc. . After making the table the rest was easy . The product has good instructions and believe me it is strong . And Amazon thank you for the prompt and fast service .
 These seemed to be very nice sawhorses when I placed the order . Received very fast and they farexceeded my expectations . They are very well made and sturdy . They quality of the craftsmanshipto make these is exceptional . The painting or powder coating is very well done . I liked the ideawhere you can place the 2x4 -LRB- I actually used a 2x6 -RRB- horizontally for your work surface .
 These legs were very good for my purpose . They were not perfect , but they will do well for their intended purpose .
 These Rugged Buddy sawhorse legs are a very good product.I used them to make a small portable bench with a 3/4 '' thick plywood top about 45 '' x 24 '' . I liked that they are made in USA , and they are easy to assemble/install . They also provide a good stable platform.I would recommend them and would purchase them again .
 Like most DIY types , I have made several saw horses over the years , but never purchased any , not even those galvanized 2x4 clamp devices -LRB- although a neighbor did gift me a set upon moving -- not impressed ! -RRB- . Call it frugal or cheap , but I also enjoy the satisfaction of making something to my needs , as the ones sold were always too short for my height , and just plain flimsy . Thanks to a very small work area , my homemade horses were often left outside . The weather has taken a toll on them over the years , alas . For safety sake alone , good saw horses give a stable platform . The heavy yellow metal fold up ones available at the big box stores and Amazon were tempting , but there were reviews noting a possibility of the opened legs folding in on themselves -LRB- no cross brace -RRB- , and collapsing . One could add a cross brace out of scrap wood , but that seems like something I might skip in haste -LRB- patience is not my virtue -RRB- . I happened upon a review of these while wasting time on the intertubes . The leg pairs are one solid tube attached to a locking bracket , so no need for a cross brace . I ordered two sets thinking I could always return them if not liked , but that will definitely not happen . They are not cheap , but a good value in this jaded Yankee 's eyes . These things are the bee 's knees after I used a 2x6 for the pair . I recommend using a 2x6 as I did , as it gives a wider platform than 2x4s . Assembly was as easy as it could be , with the option to lock them open a nice touch -LRB- a screw through the opened bracket and into the wood -RRB- . I drilled a 1.5 inch hole at one end for hanging from the wall , which definitely requires a framing member for attachment -LRB- old galvanized pipe works great -RRB- , unless you want to rip apart your wall while hanging . They are heavy , but no heavier than some of my homemade beasts . Folded up they do n't take up too much room , although not exactly small . They support my overweight , large frame with no problem , and only a little bounce . The plastic capped feet , which appear to have a metal plate in them to prevent the legs from poking through are another nice touch to protect interior floors . As a work platform they are the perfect height for tall guy . The brackets can be a little difficult to close , but I consider that a positive . I worry about the paint flaking off from wear at the contact areas , but as long as they remain solid that is all that really matters , as they are not for show . Rock solid , USA made , and definitely recommended !
 Purchase the Rugged Buddy 34 inch legs ; then go online and get instructions on how to design and manufacture your table top ; complete the project and setup for nice and easy day of shooting
 After I went through three cheap sets of sawhorses in a year I thought maybe I should give these a try -LRB- seems like I sneeze on some of the other models available and something breaks on them . Seventy dollars and week for shipping later I got these . They take some initial setup , you supply the wood . Takes maybe 15 minutes to get 2 sawhorses put together , including time to get the tools out and put back away . After that , these things were all business , 22 twelve foot pressure treated 2x8 's and not a squeak of complaint . The weak point in the whole setup ? I 'd say the 2x4 I used ... I think when I need to replace the boards I 'm going to go cut up some 4x4 's just for good measure and the extra 11/2 inch of height.Just a matter of opinion , after playing with some trojan sawhorses , I think these are the better of the 2 .
 I purchased these legs to install on my portable shooting bench . The legs are everything I hoped they would be . All of the hardware was included for an extremely easy installation . The only reason I rated the legs a four is due to how difficult it is to disengage the the leg releases for folding . Perhaps they will get easier with use . Other than that , I am very happy with the product and would not hesitate to order more if needed .
 As a professional remodeling contractor I try to bring everything but the kitchen sink onto the job . For all the tools in the back of my truck there is absolutely no room for wood , homemade horses . Also , I wo n't saw on the ground and the older I get the less I want to stoop over to pick up materials . That 's where these horses come in . I 've had a set of these horses for 5 yrs . and they 've worked well for me . One tip - glue the leg tips on . One weak point - the flat piece of metal that the legs swing into & click into can snap off . To be realistic though , nothing is indestructable .
 Very strong and sturdy ... when locked into place it takes some effort to pull the tang to unlock the legs ... this is a double edged sword ... makes for a strong sturdy platform but also takes some effort to fold the legs ...
 I got two of these sawhorses ... they are extremely sturdy which provides a solid foundation for your work . When buying the 2x4 's for the body of these sawhorses , make sure you get boards that are not warped , or you will need to shim the attachments so that all the legs remain on the ground .
 While doing a search for shooting benches , I came across plans for a DIY bench , which recommended the `` Rugged Buddy '' folding sawhorse legs . I read some other ideas for DIY benches & settled on this plan . Since receiveing my ` sawhorse ' legs , I 've followed the plans and ended up with what I consider to be a very nice shooting bench . I plan on using it this sunday at an air rifle match , and if time allows , a .22 rimfire match in the afternoon . These folding legs are very well made and are quite steady . You may need to do some shiming on one corner , but other than that , this is one ` rock steady ' bench . Also , I would recommend using round head or carridge bolts to attach the plywod top to the legs , and the better choice for the stiffner is the aluminum or steel angle stock.I can haul this thing around on my power wheelchair , so I guess that 's a testament to its portability . I did do the ` handle ' cutout and a couple friends have used it to tote it around . The key to that is to try to put it a few inches from the center -LRB- lengthwise -RRB- toward the front or ` heavy end ' of the top . That 's merely for a balanced carry . Bottom line is these folding legs are top notch , whether you plan to use them for a folding sawhorse or some other portable doodad . Iwould n't swap 'em for anything else I 've seen .
 These are a really heavy duty set of legs for a horse . After getting them I also mounted them on a 3/4 '' of 2 ` x4 ' plywood for a great utility table . They are beefier than I needed for a horse , but end up being great table lags . With only a small mounting area , they hold a fair size table very steady & support a ton of weight . A great base for a planting table , shooter 's bench , etc. . Not cheap , but super duty , good locking latch , and are shaped to fold nearly flat on each other so you do n't need to take their thickness into account when you mount them . Very slick , mounting could n't be simpler . I 'd give them 5 stars if they were less than 30 bucks .
 These folding legs are the best . They are available in two heights . I purchased a few pairs for various projects . The higher pair was used in making a portable rifle bench rest which ended up being very sturdy and stable . The second lower height pair -LRB- s -RRB- were use to make custom 2 `` x6 '' saw horses . They also turned out to be extremely stable and sturdy . The saw horse legs come complete with all the hardware , ready to install . What I like best about them is that they fold up and use very little storage space in my small basement . The other thing I liked about them is that you can make your saw horse length whatever custom length you prefer . The legs have a very nice blue color to them . Shipping was intact and on time ... about as good as it gets !
 Excellent Quality . Heavier duty than expected ... a good thing . Good value . I plan to build a nice recreational shooting bench with these .
 Hubby bought this and made a shooting bench with it ! It turned out great ! He is very pleased with this product !
 I used these to build a shooting bench I found online . These are excellent , easy to used , and VERY well designed . The bench looks , and works great thanks to these legs .
 I was building a shooting bench and wanted a set of legs for it that would allow it to be portable and easily stored when not being used . These Rugged Buddy legs fit the bill to a `` T '' . They are strong and when snapped into position they lock tight and secure . I liked them so much that I ordered a second set to build another shooting bench for my son . Great product at a very affordable price .
 I made one out of this product . It looks nice and it is not very picky about the level of ground . I also noticed that it is more rigid in short direction than long direction , it probably because the locking mechanism is not strong and rigid enough for this kind of application , it would be nice if they can improve this a little bit . I recommend this thing to anyone who want to build customized shooting bench as a DIY project .
 ordered a set of the 34 '' rugged buddy sawhorse legs , arrived in secure package and timely manner . Used them to make a portable Shooting bench.very stable
 I 'm sure these would make some very strong saw horses but I bought mine to make a custom shooting bench . Works perfect ! Strong , stable , folding and portable . You really have to push the locks back when folding as these lock in tight . Folds up for storage and transport and sets up fast ! These are not your average cheaply made folding legs for sure and worth every penny .
 I purchase this product to make my shooting table , the table turned out great and very sturdy , the shipping to Hawaii was really fast and free , Get this product you wont be disappointed .
 The target Precision RB-H1034 Rugged Buddy 34 inch folding sawhorse legs are great . Delivery was fast . They worked perfect for what I wanted them for.Thank you .
 I was shopping for a shooting bench and came across this video on youtube -LSB- ... -RSB- This looked like exactly what I wanted and with Amazon free shipping , the cost would end up being something like fifty bucks total to make it , so I ordered a set , thinking that if they were inadequate for a shooting bench , I could at least make a saw horse with them . As it turned out , the legs were really excellent , well made and very sturdy . They worked perfectly for the bench and clearly would do just as well in the application for which they were intended . I made up the bench in a very short time and liked it so well I ordered another set of legs to make a second . In a couple weeks I will probably order two more sets and make some honest to goodness sawhorses out of them.I inspected the legs and pivot/locking mechanism very carefully and in my opinion the design is unique and elegant in it 's simplicity . The welding is well executed and the powdercoating is very well done . The ONLY thing I would do to improve these legs a little would be to replace the standard 1/4-20 nut that screws on to the pivot bolt , with an aero type nylon locking nut . Making this swap will probably cost me about fifty cents.I would recommend these legs for just about ANY application you need table type legs for . On top of all that , they appear to actually be made in sunny southern California . What more could you want ?
 I ordered RB-H1034 and what arrived is not what I ordered , it is not what is shown on the website as that product number . Yet the packing list which arrived with the shipment says it is.In other words the product shown onthe website isnot what you are shipping although it has the same name and part number
 I bought these to make a steel plate target holder . I used a 4 foot 2x4 and hung 3 plates from it . It holds the heavy plates and takes hits from big cartridges with ease . The 34 '' height allows for enough space between the 2x4 and the ground for a 12 `` x14 '' plate to swing without rocking the entire contraption . I ordered another to make more targets .
 I bought one set of these and made a table . I was so pleased with the results that I bought another . They do n't take long to come once you order . Even though the box was partially opened and beat up , all parts were there .
 I used these to build a folding shooters bench I saw on U Tube . They are well made and really do the job . Worked perfect for my project , and would make great legs for sawhorses . Very strong , but a little pricy when building two sawhorses .
 I ordered these legs to make a portable shooting bench . The legs are excellent quality . If I need another set of legs for anything I will be ordering these .
 I saw a You Tube video showing how to make a shooting bench using the ` Rugged Buddy ' legs . As the video described , they are perfect for the task ... and an excellent product to boot .
 The Rugged Buddy is as sturdy as advertised . I 'm using it for the supporting legs of a shooting table and I have n't been disappointed with the legs performance .
 I bought these rugged buddy sawhorse legs to build a shooting bench . They shipped faster than I had expected and work great for my bench . The price is just right for these legs and shipping was free ! I highly recommend this product .
 Rugged just like the name says.I will buy more Rugged Buddy Sawhorse legs.They work great for small work tables .
 Purchased a pair March 2012 . Not as easy -LRB- or as hard -RRB- as snapping plastic together , but well worth the effort.Very sturdy , look well made.A little pricey -LRB- 70 + - -RRB- per pair . Overall , pleased with the purchase. ; -RRB-
 I purchased these for a portable shooting bench , very sturdy and well built.Worked very good for the application , and would make great legs for sawhorse 's . Would buy again !!!
 I bought two of these , one for a new bath and one to replace a post-type holder in another bath that was a constant source of annoyance , as the paper kept coming off . These hold the paper in place and look pretty doing it . The price was good , too . What more could you ask ?
 This is actually a clamp , as illustrated , and not `` Replacement Jaws '' as listed . They work great and the price is hard to beat .
 I bought my pair at a tool show a couple years back , and they are fantastic . Extremely rugged and durable , very compact and portable , and the powder coated finish has held up really well . I have used these horse everywhere , indoors and out , and they are light , portable , solid as a rock and have held any load I could throw at them . I just ordered another pair for a friend who is a builder . He was so impressed with mine on a job last summer that he had to have a set of his own ! If you 're tired of lugging lumber horses , or the cheesy stamped steel fold-up horses offered by others , invest in a pair of these . You won ; t regret it !
 I thought that too , but after I went through three cheap sets of sawhorses in a year I thought maybe I should give these a try -LRB- seems like I sneeze on some of the other models available and something breaks on them . Seventy dollars and week for shipping later I got these . They take some initial setup , you supply the wood . Takes maybe 15 minutes to get 2 sawhorses put together , including time to get the tools out and put back away . After that , these things were all business , 22 twelve foot pressure treated 2x8 's and not a squeak of complaint . The weak point in the whole setup ? I 'd say the 2x4 I used ... I think when I need to replace the boards I 'm going to go cut up some 4x4 's just for good measure and the extra 2 inches of height.Just a matter of opinion , after playing with some trojan sawhorses , I think these are the better of the 2 .
 I have had fixed sawhorses for years but wanted to make some room and started looking for some that I could knock down and hang on the wall . What I found out in the marketplace were mostly plastic junk or some multi-use apparatus that did n't fit the bill for me . I purchased 2 of these and cut an 8 ' 2x6 in half and bolted the halves to each set of legs . I also mounted a pair of C shaped brackets up high on the wall in the shop to store them . They work like a champ . I usually pull them out to spray woodworking projects out in the yard or to set-up a larger project at working height . If you are looking for something that will last , buy them !
 The sawhorses are light and strong . I bought these because they were foldable . I have owned some Trojan brand sawhorses for many years and they perform very well but they have to be taken apart to minimize their size . These reduce to about 3 '' high when folded .
 I previously had two saw horses from this same product - purchase more than 25 years ago . I wanted a couple more and was n't even sure they were still available . Found them on Amazon , ordered and they are virtually identical to the original - a lightly different release lever . An unusual but exceptional product allowing you to make your sawhorses -LRB- or table legs or whatever -RRB- the exact length you need .
 These sawhorse legs are VERY high quality . I used them to build a shooting bench , and they worked out perfectly for my needs . Highly recommend.DonaldNC
 These are the best saw horses I have ever had . This was my second pair and they are well worth the money .
 I have had two sets of these folding legs for several years , using them for sawhorses . They are rock solid ; simply the best folding legs I have ever used . Thus , I purchased an additional set recently to use on a home-made shooter 's bench . Thankfully , the quality is still there . I highly recommend these legs for any utility table/sawhorse project . The only issue I have is that I do n't have enough strength in my hands to release the latch when folding the legs , so I simply use my foot to do the job . But the tightness of the release latch probably contributes to the overall sturdiness of the legs . Another plus is these legs are offered in two lengths . I opted for the shorter 28-inch length for my shooter 's bench because it is used while sitting .
 These are very sturdy and lock in place . Made shooting benches with mine . Arrived quick . Use for just about anything . Would buy again . and again . If you want regular table height , buy the 31 '' .
 This item is just as good as advertised . Used it to build a shooting bench and I am very satisfied with the quality and ease of attaching this item . Highly recommended .
 The unit was a perfect replacement for the older model I had . It came with everything but the tools , and installation was a snap .
 I purchased this unit to replace a dead unit that did not have the light feature . Our whole house has the no-light models synced together , but this unit is completely compatible . It plugged in just like the one it replaced and took less than a minute to install and test.The light is n't that bright but I figure that any light is better than none in an emergency .
 I found that the light is nearly useless -- even in a completely dark hallway it did n't really shed enough light to adequately see the floor - about all it was good for was seeing the location of the smoke detector on the ceiling . I wish it had a bright LED light instead of a not-so-bright incandescent light.But aside from the light brightness I have no real complaints , it was easy to install with the included wiring harness . I could n't test the interconnection feature - oddly , my house is wired for hardwired smoke detectors , but they only included the 2 power wires , there 's no third signal wire to interconnect with the other detectors .
 Works as it should , easy install and the emergency light is a nice feature the old one did not have .
 this works great . we replaced all of our old units because they kept going off because they would get a spider in them -LRB- NOT FUN -RRB- . We have not had any problems with these at all .
 Easy to install and I like the light feature . Although in a real fire I 'm not sure how useful this will be if the smoke is dense enough . It 's nice and does n't cost much more vs without the light . Battery backup is a must and this comes with 2 . One for the light and one for the detector . Great price and deal with Amazon .
 I installed 5 of these smoke alarms and about 3 weeks later , one sounded a warning at 3am . I removed it from the ceiling after checking the house and reinstalled it about a week later and reoriented the air duct cover about two feet away from it . No further problems with that one but another one in an different bedroom sounded an alarm in the wee hours so I 'm dissapointed . Even after I blew it out with an air compressor it still acted up so I 'm replacing it now .
 I HAD OTHER SMOKE DETECTORS WITHOUT LIGHT , I BELIEVE THEY WERE A DIFFERENT BRAND , I DO N'T RECALL NOW . HOWEVER THESE JUST PLUGGED RIGHT IN WHERE THE OLD ONE WENT . NOW , I HAVE LIGHT IN CASE THERE IS A REAL EMERGENCY . PRICE WAS RIGHT . BY THE WAY YOU CAN DAISY CHAIN MORE TO ANYONE SO WHEN ONE ALARMS ALL ALARM .
 Models
 These are very easy to install . Took about 30 mins . to replace 3 units . Highly recommended .
 I put three of these in place of my old units . It took about 20 minutes .
 I have an interconnected system of Firex detectors and this Kidde mates perfectly with them . The exit light is great for my elderly parents ' bedroom in case they need to be awoken in the middle of the night . If you 're connecting Kiddes and Firexs together too just check the manufacture 's website to match up the compatibility of the model numbers .
 I like this detector and we have n't had any false alarms with any of the 6 of these I purchased . I really like the light that comes on when the detector goes off .
 Most people dont realize that these things wear out & should be replaced & since this device has a light , why not ? It easly interconnects with the Kidde KN-COP-IC Hardwire Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Battery Backup and Digital Display , to bring your house up to required standards & peace of mind .
 This smoke alarm has all of the features that we wanted
 ordered this to replace a broken one the fit and finish was perfict worked great would recommend the price was fair and this installed in place of the one it replaced perfictley
 As far as I know , it works . The light is bright , the alarm is loud . We we burn something in the kitchen , the silence button works too . Was easy to install .
 Good product , easy to install works great , light could be brighter . Provided wire nuts were too small for my power supply wires so I had to buy bigger ones at Home Depot .
 I replaced all of the old smoke alarms in my house with this product and the adapters . The replacement was easy and quick . They have worked well , but time will tell . My old alarms gave me many nights of irritation . Hopefully these are more well behaved . I had one new unit that went off constantly . I followed the troubleshooting procedures and then contacted Kiddie via email . Their response was very quick and helpful . They are replacing this unit . I am very happy with their customer service . I would recommend Kiddie for your next purchase based on my experience .
 I have used kidde smoke detectors since I moved into my home -LRB- 1987 -RRB- only had to replace one time although i did replace batteries every year , highly recommend this item ,
 This smoke alarm was easy to install and works well . I shopped around and feel that this unit provides the best value for the price !
 I recently purchased 3 Kidde i12080 to replace my 3 old one 's they connected and mounted very easily . I was impressed . Will buy Kidde again .
 Our ten year old smoke alarms needed to be replaced . Using an adapter , my husband was able to quickly install five of these units . He said it was easier than he thought it would be . As far as we know , they are working great and so far they have not been problematic . In other words , they have n't been shrieking when there is a little bit of smoke in the house .
 These are excellent detectors . I replaced the i2040s in my hallway and downstairs and the emergency light feature is great . I hope I never have to use them for real , butwhen I test thema nd the house is dark , it will make it easier to get to the exits .
 After reviewing many different smoke detection alarms I replaced our existing with these units . They went in very easy and so far have performed as expected .
 bought 4 of these and hooked the orange wire so they all go off at sametime if one does . put two in girls room because they sound sleepers . one in other bedrooms and one in livingroom . all hooked together . and I ordered these because of the exit light . not real bright , but enough at night for a little light .
 I recently purchased a condo in Arizona that was in need of some updates . This included the smoke detectors that were original to the unit -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Since it is recommended that smoke alarms be replaced every 10 years , we opted to replace all the alarms in the unit.This was a great replacement along with the purchase of the connector , this worked well and provides a nice upgrade to include an exit light .
 This smoke detector was easy to install and seems to work fine . It is nice to have the additional light in the event of an emergency . It came with batteries included . So far no false alarms .
 bought these to replace my older ones . got two of them and they are interconnected.so far , no false alarms , running on ac power , everything working as it should
 The Kidde i12080 if a great replacement for the old smoke alarm that came with my home . It has many more options that will assist if we ever have a fire .
 WORING WELL , WISHI I CHANGED MY OLD ONES LONG BEFORE , EASY TO REPLACE WOULD BUY AGAIN , THE BEST PART WAS EASY INSTALL
 These alarms replace several 8 year old alarms from a different vendor . I had purchased a few other kidde alarms earlier in the year and these seem to work alongside them fine.The nightlight was bright when I tested the alarms.These wire in very easily to our existing wiring . They use the same connector as other Kidde devices and did n't require re-wiring when I decided to move around our existing alarms .
 I am a union carpenter . I work for a concrete company . I BEAT ON METAL AND STEEL FORMWORK ALL DAY.THIS HAMMER STOPPED THE THE VIBRATING THAT I USED TO GET.I HAD TO SPECIAL ORDER MINE . IN MY OPINION A MUCH BETTER HAMMER THAN PREVIOUS MODELS . THIS PRODUCT DOES WHAT IT SAYS IT STOPS THE VIBRATIONS . EVEN WHEN DRIVING REGULAR NAILS . A WELL BALANCED TOOL
 I really like this hammer . One negative is the curved handle does n't slip in and out of my hammer loop and nicely as it could . Other than that it is as shock free as you can find . I recommended it to the other carpenters on my crew .
 I was tired of using a 28oz Estwing in the concrete formwork business . Another great hammer but to heavy for me and tendonitis was setting in - ouch ! A salesman at a nearby Home Depot introduced me to this model and it is truly a joy to use this hammer . A must have item I would say .
 Amazing hammer . Works like a hot darn . Easy to hold when it gets wet . Packs quite the punch but does not feel awkward . My only complaint is the checkered face on mine wore down very quickly , not a huge deal however . It sure has made the tendonitis clear up in my elbow . Keep up the good work Stanley !
 I have a lot of hammers . This is the best . A joy to use . What else can I say .
 This hammer works great for framing . It does take a little getting use to if your not use to a heavier hammer , but if you are doing any framing work its really nice to use .
 I have n't had an opportunity to use this on a project yet , but it met all of my expectations based on the reviews . It is heavier than I anticipated , but rock solid .
 I bought this the other day from ... and it is the wisest purchase I have made in a long time . Pardon my french , but this is one hell of a hammer . It beats in those nails like nobody 's business.You can use it to lay sod , fix the shower drain and chop firewood . It 's great for opening walnuts and getting rid of the rabbits that are always digging in my garden and eating my tomatos . Damn rabbits .
 Great product !! Purchased two each . Placed one in the garage and one in my shop . Easily holds 100 FT of 14 GA electric extension cord . Well made !
 The Wonder Winder really works ! Normally I 'm skeptical about gadgets like this , but after looking around at my local hardware stores for an extension cord storage solution the Wonder Winder looked like a good deal . I only gave 4 stars and not 5 because the plastic and net seem kind of flimsy . Other than that , I think it 's a great product and I use it all the time .
 I 've owned this electrical cord winder for almost 15 years . It is very inexpensive and relatively strong . It is in my garage and over time , theplastic parts will become weaker because of the large temperature swings between winter and summer . However , I keep 100 ' of extension cord in it andit has been very reliable for a long time . Given the low cost of replacement , the rating easily reaches 5 stars .
 It is a fantastic buy . I am so sorry that I did not buy at least 3 at the timeFor the first time in my life my extension lead is neat , tidy and available.Good product
 Great product . I have purchased two and will purchase at least one more . It is a convenient way to manage the bulky extension cords in my workshop and garage . Two minor issues
 My husband saw this on DIY and wanted it for Christmas , we have n't put it up in our shed yet due to the fact that we live in the Northeast and have tons of snow but I love the concept . I have extension cords all hanging from nails in my shed and it 's a pain to wrap them up especially in the winter . Kudos to whoever invented this product . My husband was happy that it came in before Christmas so he could show it off to other family memebers , all the men were jealous .
 This item is so good that I bought it for two other people as Christmas gifts . The winder keeps your extension cord handy and mobile without all the twisted mess you have otherwise . Makes it fun to get out the snow blower . I have it mounted and plugged in the garage and then I have another mount out back on the deck . People who never want to do the leaf and debris blowing will want to do it with this .
 I gave this to my husband as a Christmas gift . He seemed to be very happy and is looking forward to hanging it in our garage to put a cord handy right next to the plug outside . It makes it very convenient to be able to use the cord and be able to windup the cord quickly .
 Very happy with it . The instructions were a touch vague , but assembly is easy and you can even set it up with the crank on your side of choice . I 've used it a few times already and it works great ! I gave a demo to my sister and now she has one too!UPDATE
 This thing is so cool!My husband bought one this fall and it was so genius that we got them for our Dads for their birthdays - The Dads love it too!It is really a handy thing to have in the garage . It mounts to anywhere you want and saves you all that drama of dealing with extension cords . Plus the name is too cool - Wonder Winder!Sorry I 'm not explaining it too well , just buy it if you 're a guy or need a gift for a guy who has a garage.You 'll be happy that you did , and they 'll thank you !
 This is a great product . However , It did not come with the swivel bracket as shown in the picture . Had to call the factory to get one .
 I have one of these myself and have bought both my sons one for Christmas . I have an electric snow thrower and if it weren `` t for the Wonder Winder , it 'd be a mess trying to keep the cord under control . Being able to move it to its second location for hedge trimming on the other side of the house is a great convenience too .
 I 've had one of these in my garage for several years . Since it works so well , I 've switched to electric leaf blowers , lawn mower , and weed eaters . My 100 foot cord is showing more signs of wear than the Wonder Winder . The only negative thing I 've ever encountered is when the cord is wet it 's hard to wind up ... . use a towel , problem solved .
 This thing actually does what it says . Great little winder . I have 100 ' cord neatly stored on my wall with another mount -LRB- provided in order -RRB- on the rear of the home.I love this thing.RonSan Antonio Texas .
 This is my second Wonder Winder . The first was for a home garage and this one was for a farm barn . I use long extension cords for power washers , air compressors , battery chargers , leaf blowers , etc. , and am forever getting the cord tangled up when I wind it by hand . This thing keeps it organized and out of the way . A little annoying to assemble , but if I can do it anyone can . They even give you a second wall bracket so you can store the same cord in a different location
 A family member had one so I knew it worked just as advertised . With the price marked down I did not hesitate .
 The price and delivery were great as well was the assembly and installation . I did however have a small challenge winding up a 12/3 extension cord . The winder would start slipping and I would have to help by pushing the cord . It did however hold a 100 ' cord in the basket . Would have been nice if the picture would have been what you actually got . The mount is not the same as represented . Read the list of contents in the description .
 This gadget looks like a goofy piece of junk in the picture ... AND when it 's installed . But it really does work .
 This is my second wonder winder . I use these in my woodworking shop and for garden power tools . These units are high quality and inexpensive . Best part is I no longer have an electrical cord mess .
 I have bought 2 of these . Holds over 100 ' of cord but is inexpensive . The only improvement would be to have a stronger catch mechanism to the mounting platform . If I 'm not careful , while cranking the cord in the units twists a little and comes out of the wall mount . Not a major problem but a bit of a nuisance .
 I was skeptical about this winder being that it 's so cheap -LRB- in price -RRB- . I got it installed about 6 months ago in my garage and it 's been awesome since ! Very easy to pull the cord out into my yard when I need to run the leaf blower , or for using my shopvac or palm sander etc. . The cord winds back up better than I could have imagined . Great product !
 As a few others have pointed out , the mounting bracket is flawed . And its a simple fix but for some reason the company thinks its ok . this is a very annoying problem with the wonderwinder . I have four of them and everyone has the same issue with the mounting bracket.The Problem ... the black mounting ring or bracket is meant to be mounted on the wall with the arrow pointing up . If you do this you will find that when you insert the winder into the bracket , the winder does not twist all the way to straight up and down.The problem with the bracket is there is a raised plastic ridge in the groove that the winder inserts into . This plastic ridge is way to high/stiff requiring Gorilla Strength to twist the unit to its CORRECT upright position . The first 3 units I installed I just assumed , as did cmsnow , that the mounting bracket was not manufactured correctly . So I removed the bracket and mounted it again , with the twist compensated for . This however , should not be necessary for the consumer to have to re-engineer . FIX IT WONDER WINDER , I know its been like this forever cause I have 4 of them and they 're all the same.My fix ... I discovered that by applying generous vasiliene to the bad area , then use that Gorrilla strength and it will turn into the slot correctly . I would not be suprised if many customers have broken the WW during installation.This is however very unexceptable and should be corrected by this company.Overall great product , but how the heck did this flaw go this long and not get corrected ?
 Works like a champ , just make sure you fully lay out your extension cord first and get all the twists out before the initial first roll up and you 'll be fine . After using several times this thing is pretty awesome and hats off to the inventor , no more tangled up extension cord , easy to move around where you need it and a real time saver
 This is one of those `` why did n't I think of this '' things !!! It works great , no matter how fast I try to make it foul up it wo n't , even with cords tied together , as long as you know when that link is coming up you can prepare for it and hardly miss stride . I 've got over 100 foot of 16-3 sheathed wire in it and it just wo n't fail , so far anyway . Good buy !!
 Really , there 's no comparing this cord winder with other handheld cord winders . The Wonder Winder works as advertised and makes household chores less of a hassle , such as using corded power and yard tools.The Wonder Winder is made from a heavy-duty plastic combined with a mesh basket -LRB- think of a basket ball net -RRB- . It mounts to the wall using a plastic brace . Handle is adjustable for lefties or righties . It also comes with an extra wall mount so you can relocate the wonder winder with minimal hassle.Pulling the cord out is smooth and trouble free . No more kinks or twists . Winding the cord is easy too , but can be a tad irritating if your cord is very slick.You may have to try a couple different extension cords for the absolute best performance . Some extension cords seem to be a tad too slick and will slip every now and then -LRB- or require a lot of pressure on the clutch -RRB- . The swivel mount is an option that you must purchase from the manufacturer directly . I have n't found any need for it yet , but I can see how the Winder would be more useful with it .
 This is one of the few products that I have purchased over the years , that actually works flawlessly . Also it did n't cost an arm and a leg .
 I was skeptical at first but this thing really works ! I 'm very happy with this purchase . My only concern is that the handle is plastic and I 'm afraid I may break it if I press it too hard . But it 's been about a year now and no problems - knock on wood.Update 1/09 - still works great and have n't broken yet.Update 9/12 - still working great !
 The Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord Reel is great . It was easy to set up in my garage and best of all it works ! No more winding around my arm and no tangled or twisted cord . It does what it 's supposed to do . I am satisfied . ~ The Boss
 This product works very well . You have to make certain that there are no kinks in the electrical cord while you wind it . Keep shaking it out and wind it , then shake it out some more . It unwinds really easily .
 I 've had mine for 2 years with no problems . The cord never tangles . Pulling it out is simple . Sometimes it 's a little tricky to wind the cord back up.Not a good idea to mount it over a workbench . You need to stand close to the crank in order to wind up the cord .
 I bought two as gifts ... . One person is very happy and the other is waiting for a return authorization to return the product for a replacement . We received one without the Packaged parts . We have to return the whole thing instead of being able to just have the parts shipped to us . We will be ordering a few more because they are handy but I am hoping that all the parts will be included !
 I had gotten my husband one a couple of years ago and my brother just thought it was the neatest thing so we got him one for Christmas this year . He said it was the best Christmas gift he had ever gotten .
 It does work . I liked it enough that I bought two more . It 's not perfect - some cords are a little slippery , making it a little challenging at times to wind long cords but this device sure beats trying to wid cord around yout arm or loop it by hand and then somehow secure it so that it stays neat enough to unwind nicely without tangling the next time you need the cord . Until they come up with something better this is the best product for cords out there .
 Have had for a couple of years now and love it . Fast and easy to use . Not perfect , but better than any alternative I 've seen . It makes using the shop vac or blower so simple that I do a much better job of keeping the garage clean .
 I saw this item at a friends house a few years ago and instantly knew I had to have one . It works great !! Whenever you need your extension cord , simply pull on the end to remove the length of cord needed without having to remove any twists or knots in the cord . When you are finished , simply turn the handle to rewind it into the storage basket . It could n't be any easier . This tool is the best for easy storage and use of any extension cord . I only wish I would have bought 1 sooner !
 The Wonder Winder is one of the best products I have purchased . It is easy to load , wind , and unwind .
 This is a great product -- this is the 2nd one we 've owned -- we ordered one throught the mail yrs . ago -- my husband needed a new one so I searched online and found it on Amazon -- and for the best price !
 I bought this 6 months ago after tripping over my extension cord for the uncountable time . It is just great . Rolls up and lets out cord very quickly . Very durable .
 It is one of my best buddies in the garage ! I absolutely love it.I wish they motorise it and give me a remote with it ... , yes , I getting very lazy in my old years !
 I loved the one I bought myself so much that I bought 2 more for Christmas presents . I find men are often hard to buy for but these were perfect . It was nice to discover that I was not the only one having problems with electrical extension cords . Talk about saving time and patience.kathie
 Have tried other cord storage products , but this works much better than anything else . A bit confusing to assemble , but works like a charm . Very easy to pull out whatever length of cord you need , then wind back up when you 're through . I was able to put 100 ' -LRB- 2 50 ' cords -RRB- in and it easily accomodated all of it . Mounts easily and conveniently on the wall .
 Have had one for years and love it . Bought one for my son in law . . Easy to use and the chord never tangles .
 Product does what it is suppose to do . . easy assembly . . good value . . great product that has a simple design and is functional
 If you have an odd shape property like ours , this device comes in handy . We use it in the front and back yard .
 My hunny-bunny winds his cords around anything , and everything ... this little nifty trick will keep them all separate , portable and easy to access . I plan on buying more of them in the future .
 very easy to put together and install . Ca n't think of a better way to keep electrical cords . I have several that house 100 ft. of cord .
 Very handy tool if you have electric powered tools and use a long extension chord . It saves a lot of time and keeps the chord neatly stored until needed .
 I have been using this with my heavy 100 foot extension cord in the basement for some time now and can honestly say that it works well and has not shown any signs of breakage and wearing out . A great value for me .
 My brother was given one of these or one very similar to it some 15 + years ago , and had used it without any issues . I recently moved and wanted to keep my new garage a bit more tidy so I randomly looked it up on Amazon and was surprised I found it . I purchased 2 , one for myself and one for my brother . Phenomenal item - well constructed and very easy to install - fair price as well . It also is very straight forward to use . Securely mount it to a wall stud and you should n't have any problems . My only change would be that the wheel that you turn to wind the chord in could use some better traction or grip , as I find that I intermittently have to apply more pressure with the handle to get a constant roll going . I do use a heavy duty 100 ' 12/3 chord in it , which it handles the weight and stiffness of the chord without issue , for the most part . Overall , I am very happy with this chord winder , and will likely buy another one for the other side of my garage . A + item .
 I found this item to be very useful and helpful for winding the electric cord . after using it i purchased morefor gifts .
 I love the organization of the cords ! Easy to install ! Easy to use !!! Plan on purchasing additional ones for our children . Thanks !
 MY HUSBAND FRIST BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AT A LARGE CLUB , LOVED IT . NO MORE TANGLE EXTENTION CORD - OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS HAD TO HAVE ONE , BUT THE STORE NO LONGER HAD PRODUCT IN STOCK . FOR CHRISTMAS I WAS ABLE TO LOCATE AND PURCHASE THEM THRU AMAZON.COM . THIS PRODUCT IS WONDERFUL , HOWEVER THE FRIST ONE PURCHASED CAME WITH A SWIFFLE . THE LAST 2 DID NOT . NOW I HAVE TO ORDER THE ADDITIONAL PARTS THAT IS VERY INEXPENSIVE , UNDER FEW BUCKS , BUT A DISAPPOINTMENT . ALL WONDER WINDER SHOULD BE SOLD WITH THIS ATTACHMENT . I WOULD RATE THIS A 5 WITH THE SWIFFLE AND A 4 WITHOUT .
 Excellect , finally an easy way to store and use entension cords .
 this works as advertised , I have had one for years and it has worked perfectly fine , though it has managed to twist the power cord -LRB- 16/3 -RRB- a bit near the end . I wo n't handle heavy gage cords however
 Wonder Winder is one of the important tools that I felt I needed after having lost everything in Hurricane Katrina . Many people in my new area had never seen one and I passed your ordering info on to many of them . They were amazed at the convenience of not having to unravel your electric cord each time you used it . I 'm sure they 'll be getting one too .
 I bought my first winder over two years ago . When I received it , my first thought was that I might have made a mistake . Recently I purchased two more and I think this simple little cord reel is ingenious . It helps keep my shop organized , I 'm the type of guy that , when in a hurry , would just kick the wire in the corner , then when I need it again it is all knotted , not any more . I highly recommend !
 Better than I imagined . It really works . I no longer have my 100 foot cord laying in the middle of my garage .
 Great product ! Eliminates tangled extension cord . A `` must have '' for do-it-yourselfers .
 I read many of the reviews for this item , and decided I would give it a try . IT WORKS !! . Simple installation -LRB- mounting piece is a little off center -RRB- . Worked as advertised . If installing in the summer no need to lay out cord . Easily rolled and held , 100ft of medium weight extension cord . Mounting bracket takes 4 screws to secure it . Screws are included for one bracket , but you will have to get more if you want to mount the other bracket . I will be buying another one for my workshop and barn .
 recivied one , like it so well I 'm ordering two more . Jim H
 I had purchased one of these for my husband about one year ago from QVC . Our son was up from Florida and saw the Wonder Winder and thought it was the greatest thing . Since QVC no longer carries the item , I tried Amazon.Com and there it was . Even a better price with `` free shipping '' included . I have ordered a total of five of these Wonder Winders from Amazon in the past two months because our neighbors and friends thought they were great . The cord never tangles and the extra cup lets you move the Wonder Winder to a different location . This product is one of the best items my husband says that I have ever bought for him .
 My late husband had one of these cord reelers that was over 15 years old in the shed . When I found I needed one for the garage I ordered and to my amazement it is the same product , works the same way and was so easy to install . Would be nice if the made one for a 300 ' cord but for this product ... I give it an A +
 This is a pretty good product . It 's a little cheaply made , but then it 's pretty cheaply priced too , and the design is pretty clever . Mine works fine and I use it with some heavy duty cords . Maybe those who could n't wind it should read the directions . If you do n't push the lever , it does n't wind , but when you use it according to the instructions , it works great .
 This is my third purchase of a Wonder Winder . The first two were about ten years old and were included in the sale of our house this summer . Both had functioned without problems . The only weakness in the Wonder Winder is its inability to reel in cable that has gotten wet from dew or other water sources . Otherwise is is an excellant product .
 Have used for year + and love it . Not only does it coil well but you can keep the cord plugged in and use it while coiled or pull out just the amount you need to use .
 This is a great product for anyone that need long extension cords . I was so impressed with it that I am ordering two more . I have two sons that seen this unit when they were here for a visit and was impressed with it . They will be getting theirs for Christmas .
 Same here , I do n't underestand the complaints . Perhap the complainers did n't have the cord straighten up to its natural form first . I tried so many winders and they all were clumsy as one end of the cord would hit you as you rewind . With this new Wonder Winder , I have n't used anything else . I have 100 ' cord and it nicely retract into the net every time . I was a little concern that the dirt on cord would make it difficult to retract but it 's not a problem so far . It came with 2 mounting plates and I have n't found the need to use the second one anywhere else . For DIYer like me who does light/medium works around the house , it 's one of the best investments so far .
 A handy little gadget . I use it to store 100 ' of medium duty cord for my snow thrower . Works great . It feeds out only the amount of cord I need and then I just put tension on the handle and start winding . Works flawlessly !
 This is a very handy tool . I 've always had the extenion cords laying all over my garage - not anymore . This could n't be easier to use ! A +
 Length :
 The good : Pretty handyConsiderably less expensive than automatic cord rewinders.Good price!The Bad : The claim that it will handle 100 ' cords is exaggerated . It held about 75 ' of my 14 AWG cord , but would of course hold more of a smaller cord.You have to hold pressure against the cord as you wind it , and it has a tendency to slip even if you 're holding it fairly tightly -LRB- my cord has a smooth surface -RRB- . It should be on a swivel mount for best operation . A swivel mount is n't included , but is available for an additional charge.Overall , I 'm glad I bought this and would buy another one . It just does n't quite live up to the advertising hype .
 I tried a lot of cable reels but this one really works ! I use a 100 ' extension for my yard tools and though I carefully reel it in or coil it , it generally gets tangled or knotted when I reach the edges of the yard . The Wonder Winder makes cleanup/storage quick and there 's never a tangle or knot when you pull it out . It takes less than 2 minutes to reel my cord in and when it 's done it 's safely stowed out of the way . It 's a great addition to my shop and I only wish I 'd purchased it sooner . I 'm dumping the reels !
 This is a great product . I 've got a 50 ' cord and would never use it if I did n't have the Wonder Winder because the cord takes way too long to rewind by conventional means . The Wonder Winder makes it a snap to unwind and rewind . The wall attachment seems a little weak , but I 've had it for 2 years now and it has n't broken . Winds the electrical cord well , but you have to remember to use the lever or it wo n't work . I imagine the bulk of the 1 star ratings were from people who do n't know how to read instructions . I purchased mine for way too much from another place ... should have checked Amazon first , but it has been worth the $ 40 I paid for it .
 i have been using this product for years and give them as presents regularly since no shop or garage should be with out one . Whenever i need power i just grab the cord end and start walking . out it comes from the winder and when i get to where i need power i just plug in the appliance.other end is already plugged into wall.Then when I 'm done just wind up in no time.They are really great !
 These winders are absolutely great for in the garage or basement ! The cord pulls out easily and winds back up in seconds . Also , your cord is not snaking through the garage on the floor getting caught on things . Great purchase for anyone - handyman or one of the girls !!
 I have had this for 5 years in a high school vocational high school automotive shop . It has been used by countless teenagers , who are very rough with it . I have had a 150 foot cord in it the entire time , with the cord wearing out before the Winder . I would recommend this to anyone , who is considering buying one .
 Not as good as the older made in the USA model.I 'm not going to use it that ofter so i think it will hold up for me.Would not get this for frequent use .
 Great product and it sure makes storing and extension cord much easier . It works very well.The only drawback is that that cord holding basket is made of wooving string , so I hope it lasts .
 Best way to reel up your extension cord . The only way it could be better is if it was hinged at the wall but it still works great .
 This is a real timesaver . The cord tangled once in awhile in the beginning when I used it in temps below freezing , but after the cord got trained it has worked perfectly .
 I was n't sure if this would work as good as I had hoped , but so far it 's been great . It was easy to set up and it winds the my extension cords without getting tangled .
 This cord winder is simple to use and works wonderful . I am using the Home Depot heavy duty 14/3 100 ft wiring and it works beautifully . Thanks
 I like this as it is simple and it works . Keeps my extension cord all cleaned up and more importantly it makes cleaning it up snap .
 Great product . Bought it to help with my oxygen tubing . Worked flawlessly . Buy it ! You will not regret it Thanks Wonder Winder
 I liked it so much I ordered 2 more , this thing is great if you do n't want to spend $ 100 on a reel .
 Have owned one of these for at least 10 years and it still works like new ! Just ordered 2 more - one for my workshop and one for my husband 's new storage building . Professional remodelers have asked where I found it . Works better than any cord winder I have ever had . Only drawback is that it wo n't wind wet cord but hey , I 'll just wait for it to dry . Amazing that such a funny looking thing actually does what it 's designed to do !
 This works great !! My cords were all over the place and I was constantly untangling them . Now they are out of the way and the winder makes using my extension cords much faster and neater .
 I originally bought a WW about 10 years ago and it handled a 100 foot 14/3 cord with regular use since then . If a cord is wet , or has snow on it , the wheel will slip , but with a little bit of work it will go . I recently upgraded to a low temperature 12/3 cordUS Wire 99100 12/3 100-Foot SJEOW TPE Cold Weather Extension Cord Blue with Lighted Plugand tried to load it into the WW - the wheel just slipped on the cord . When I tried harder , the arm for the idler pulley broke -LRB- note , there was some old damage , so I did n't blame the WW entirely -RRB- . After looking at the alternatives , I decided to order another WW.I had to make 2 modifications to the WW for it to handle that cord . First , I wrapped blue painters tape around the drive wheel to give it more traction on the slippery low temperature cord . Second , I joined the basket from the first WW with the basket from the new WW to handle the extra volume of cord . With those changes , it seems to work.I can not find any alternative to hold a 100 foot extension cord so that you can pull it off the reel while it 's in use . For a standard 14/3 100 foot extension cord , I used this with no modifications . I 'm taking one star off for it not being able to handle a low temperature 12/3 cord without mods . That said , I 'm happy to own this and especially for the price , recommend it highly.Note
 The shop where I worked restoring airplanes had one of these on the wall . It was old and covered with dirt and dust but always worked like a champ . So when I set up my own new shop I bought 2 of them . Easy to put together and mount but be sure to set the mount with the arrow pointing up as plumb as possible or the winder will look crooked . Before winding my cords up , I set them in the sun for a few hours to warm up so they would coil up nice in the bag . Great product and well worth the money .
 I have this prodcut for more than 7 years . I use it garage to extend the power to driveway . Very easy to unwind . Just pull the cord and it is very easy . For winding you have to push the top handle that sqeezes cable against the handle . If you have a very slippery cable you will have hard time winding it . It is a very nice concept and it works as shown in the picture .
 If the product would have included the swivel bracket I would have given it five stars . This is a great product but the swivel bracket was n't included with the item which is shown in the product picture . The swivel bracket is sold separately .
 I 've been putting buying one of these off for a while ... should have doen it sooner . Works extremely well . If you have an older cord , you may have to get the `` memory '' out of it so it winds up consistantly in the same direction , but once you work that out , it zips it up nice and neat .
 I bought this to clean up the cords in my garage and it works great . It is all plastic , but i cant see this thing breaking or falling apart unless you abuse it . For the price , if it lasts a few years its definitely worth it.You do need to hold the tab down while winding , which isnt the most convenient feature , but again ... what do you expect at this price?Great product and a few friends have already commented on it and thought it was a great idea .
 I think they could re-design the wheel function of this a bit better . The way the inner wheel/handle assembly goes together is a bit flimsy . The assembly directions state that if you screw the handle on too tightly `` you will lock the drive wheel '' , and `` if this occurs simply back off the screw 1/2 turn until the drive wheel turns freely '' . The problem I see with this is that 1 -RRB- I seemed to have to adjust that screw several times while cranking it to store a wire , and 2 -RRB- The handle is a square peg that fits into a square hole in the middle of the wheel . Then a round end cap with a square fitting slides over the end of the handle and you screw the end cap onto the handle . But the handle has just a slot which is open on one side to receive that screw -- there is no actual threaded hole . Over time I see that wearing out.To be fair , its possible that I wound too much cord into mine the first time , but I still had issues with the wheel sometimes not working , long before I cranked up a second cord.They also sent me two plastic mounting brackets and no metal bracket , which may have worked better in my situation . I have Superior cement basement walls . I had to mount this onto a stud that consists of a metal facing , styrofoam and eventually cement . It went up ok for now , but I really will have to get longer screws that will go clear into the cement wall stud . It should work fine with wood wall studs , but I think the missing metal mounting bracket would have been better for my situation.I think its a bit over-priced at $ 16 , but if this one holds up , I might order a second one for my garage .
 Many years ago I bought one of these cord storage devices , and was very happy with it.It finally broke after years of use , and I was very unhappy that I could not find a replacement.When I found it on Amazon , I bought TWO !!! It is so handy , easy even for my petite wife to use.I would recommend it to anyone .
 This reel does exactly as described . I was hesitant with the price and negagtive reviews but it delivered as promised . I will order another if I ever need another cord holder . Great price and great deal !
 I have used the Wonder Winder for about 15 years . It works great with a 100 foot 14 guage cold weather cord . My old one finally broke at the housing where it attaches to the wall bracket . I am buying a new one at Amazon 's price , well worth it .
 This is the second Wonder Winder purchased . The first lasted 15 years . I have a 14 guage 100 ' extension cord installed and it takes about 20 seconds to wind up . Cord pulls out effortlessly . Nothing else on the market like it . The only issue that I found was that it must be installed perpendicular to the stud . I had wanted to install it on an angled shelf brace but this was to no avail .
 Had this thing for I 'm betting 10yrs or so , bought it at a odd lots store and have had no problems with it ... winter when the cord is cold it does n't work as well but still not too bad ... its went through several moves and not a single problem .
 I bought the Wonder Winder because I was tired of detangling my extension cord for each new project . I have now used it for over 18 months and I am impressed with its resilience and versatility . I ca n't even remember all the power cord nightmares of the past . The Wonder Winder performs so flawlessly and effortlessly that I hardly ever notice it . When I first received it , I was concerned with its light weight and plastic material , but this product was engineered with attention to detail befitting a first rate power tool . It 's stronger than it looks and as an engineer I remain amazed by its minimalist approach to power cord retraction . The cord always re-coils like a cobra waiting to strike again . It came with two wall anchor pods allowing me to alternate the location of the Wonder Winder in different areas , as necessary . I have told all my friends about this product , and they also appreciate its design and functionality .
 I have had a Wonder Winder for 3 years . Why no one else make competitively is beyond me . It 's just great .
 This is an excellent value . Very easy to set up and use . Once you have one installed , you wo n't believe you waited so long to purchase it . Eliminates tangled and knotted up extension cords . A must-have gadget for the garage in my opinion . I got big brownie points from my wife for this one .
 Already had one for garage , got another for porch . Good manufacturer , this is the only retail product they make , everything else is industrial . Needed different type of bracket , called their toll free # and they sent me one gratis . Classy .
 I bought this product and installed it in my garage . Even though it is cheaply made , it does the job ! I got what I paid for .
 I am very happy with my purchase . I had been using circular winders but those require you to unroll the entire cord which makes them more or less useless . This device works exactly as you would expect . It has a little trouble from time to time -LRB- when you 're winding it back in you have to make sure the cord gets laid properly -RRB- but that is a small price to pay for the convenience .
 This product does exactly as advertised . Easy assembly and very simple operation . Plastic makes the product appear cheap but for $ 20 what do you expect . I have a 100 foot extension cord on mine and there is room to spare in the basket .
 These extension cord winders are wonderful products.I just replaced one of 20 years that broke only by my hitting it with a power washer and broke the netting.I have recomendeded this product to many friends whom also bought them , and yes I will purchase others in the future.Would also recommend to others looking to keep cords organized and easy for storage .
 I was so happy when I installed this I ran out into the driveway with the electric cord singing . I 'm sure it 's not perfect , but it works.The electric cord coils up nicely and I use a 100 ' one . FYI it comes with the plastic brackets which are fine but you can also get metal ones from the company for about 2.50 . The metal ones look like they might allow it to swivel , not sure . Anyway , mine came with 2 brackets so I can easily move it from front yard to back yard . I love it .
 All of my yardwork tools are electric , and this makes those chores much easier . No tangled cords , no winding and unwinding multiple extension cords , no storage issues . This was a birthday gift , and one that keeps on giving every time I need it .
 Works as represented . Very happy with it 's performance . Leave the cord in the sun for a little while , prior to rolling it up for the first time .
 I was not sure about this cord winder , but I saw it on the Gold Box deal and desided to try it.So far this winder works better than I expected . Winds the cord quickly and coils it nicely , not as nice as the one pictured but still very well . For those stating their arm would get tired with a long cord , I am betting you have the screw holding the handle on too tight . The handle should turn freely with little drag when checked during assembly . Also , from the pictures it would b tough to guess that it does require two hands to wind the cord . One cranking and the other applying pressure on the lever that presses the cord against the spinning wheel.I like that it comes with two mounting bracket so it can be used in a couple of different areas if needed.My only complaint -LRB- very small -RRB- would be there needs to be a more secure way of holding the tail of the cord than the little plastic `` s '' and thin loop on the basket . But it does work , just seems a bit light duty.Again works better than I expected .
 I seriously never thought I would be this pumped about something that winds up a cord . This thing is great . My father has had one for some time and I was always envious but never remembered to look for one . Well I ordered one for myself and another as a gift and they all work great . I had purchased a 100 ft cord that when I would manually wind it up would end up being a tangled mess since it was so long . The Wonder winder makes winding up and using my cord a snap . You only pull out what you need and when you are done it is easy to put away and store .
 This thing works great . Get one for the garage in the front yard and one for the yard barn . You 'll love them .
 For years , I have been trying to deal with 100 feet of electrical cord that attaches to my weed whacker in the summer and my snow mover in the winter . Having to deal with that cord was deterring me from using either one . But now the problem is solved , and my cord is completely out of the way . It is simple and easy to use -- a great product !
 The rewinder is exactly what I wanted . It is made of hard plastic , light yet durable.Thank you , Jim
 This wonder winder is great ! It does exactly what it is suppossed to - the majority of the time ! I 've had it for about a year now , and typically use it in the warmer weather to use a shop-vac outside to clean out the cars ... but it also works great for a variety of uses ... anything you need electricity for!I keep it in my garage , and when it gets cold out -LRB- freezing or below -RRB- , it can have a hard time winding up , because the wheel does n't catch onto the hard/cold cord very well . A few times I found myself inserting the cord back into the winder with my hands and not the winder doing the work!Overall , I like it a lot , and would recommend it to a friend .
 Item received without the hand crank . Called and got a wonderful response from Greenleaf - the crank was mailed and arrived in three days . Does a good job of winding and storing a 100 foot extension cord .
 A good buy for the money . You still ca n't beat the auto roll up . There typically only 30 ' for about $ 30 . This unit does work well and seems pretty well made .
 Those orange cords tangle and then the attempt to trip you , what a mess!The Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Reel is invaluable . We have two of them .
 Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord ReelWorks exactly as advertised . Great product .
 What a great product . I have given 4 of these as gifts already and love the one I have mounted in the garage.I suggest the 100 foot cord option as it provides a good distance and still does n't restrict the current flow very much . Using a 150 foot cord limits the guage of the cord and can cause a tool using a lot of current to stall under load . Also , do n't get the cheap cords with a slick surface since that causes the winder to slip while winding the cord back .
 What 's the alternative ? The cheap $ 5 cumbersome hand roll up one , or the $ 50 one that winds up that only comes with $ 25 feet of cord ? This fits in the market , perfectly .
 This item is just great . Put on wall of Garage and it is a valued piece for extention cords.Great Buy !!!!!!!!
 I have to admit , when my husband told me he wanted one of these for Christmas , I thought it was one of those TV gadgets that just looked handy , but would n't ever be used . But , I humored him , and ordered this for him . Well , after he installed it on the garage wall , I went out and tried it out . It works great ! He uses cords in the garage and I use them in the yard , so no more cord-winding for us . Plus , it 's stored out of the way up on the wall . 5 stars for the Wonder Winder !
 I own three of these tools and they are simply wonderful . For the past 2 years they have done exactly what they were meant to do - wind , contain and organize extension cord - I have 2 in my garage and 1 in my shed . I have used both orange 14/3 guage cord and yellow 12/3 guage cord . I have 150 ' of cord stuffed into each -LRB- 1 roll of 100 ' and 1 roll of 50 ' -RRB- and it handles it like a champ !!! I would suggest when you attach it to your wall to ensure drilling into the studs for a stronger bite - I replaced the screws that came with it and used some 2 '' galvenized deck screws to make sure I had plenty of holding strength . For best results when stowing the cord straighten it out , but , if you just do n't feel like it , then do n't - it will wind it up all the same . If you live in colder climates realize your cord might get a bit stiff and winding takes a little patience -LRB- i noticed i had to release and engage the tension handle a few times to get a good grip on the cord -RRB- but it has certainly been no hassle what-so-ever , saves time , keeps the garage clutter free , I never need to look for the cords and my wife loves the ease of using it when she hooks up the electric hedge trimmer . Did I mention it was a steal at $ 20 ? I would have paid as much as $ 40 AND I 'M CHEAP !!! Awesome , easy and reliable , what more could you want out of a tool ? Actually , I can think of 1 thing ; would have been neat to get a swivel attachment for the wall to hook this to - THEN it would be PERFECT !!
 Some time I wonder if were talking about the same product . This gizmo works great . Bought one for a trial , had to have another . I just putter around in the garage working on my old cars , and it 's been great .
 Works as decribed . Setting up requires attention to detail for botton of mesh bag . Suggest a light lubricant on mount before attaching reel unit to circular wall base . Extends and recoils cords quickly and easily . Worth the money .
 I looked for a simple cord winder for years . I have had the hand crank winders , used nails on the wall , wrapped the cord around hand and elbow and about every other solution out there before I saw this . This Wonder Winder is simply genius . The cord unwinds without kinking and winds back with almost no effort . I am using a 50 foot light duty garage cord with it and it works great . Not sure how it will deal with Heavy Duty cords , but it seems pretty sturdy so I think it would do OK.If you hate dealing with cords like I do , buy this in a second.Took 10 minutes to assemble and mount . Saves me 2-3 minutes every time I use the electric trimmer , shop vac or leaf blower . Well worth every penny .
 For years I 've been tired of messing with trying to get just enough cord out for what I was doing . After reading mixed reviews I ordered the winder and find that it works really well . Maybe some cords are too thick to be coiled easily , maybe it 's harder when the cord is cold and stiff . For me it works great . Others have stated that the quality feels cheap ; it is plastic , but seems to be built well . It has a 3 year warranty -LRB- as much as some new cars ! -RRB- . I use the heck out of mine and if it 's going to break , it 'll do it in 3 years . If it breaks in 3 years , I 'll spend the 18 bucks to buy another , but I bet the company would stand behind it anyway .
 Wonder-Winder performs perfectly . I have a 100 ft orange colored cord rated as 3 conductor 16 AWG . I laid the cord straight out full length and the Wonder-Winder reeled it in without a hickup . Best thing since sliced bread . Im considering purchase of a second unit for the backyard .
 I finally got a cord rewinder that works . It keeps the cord nice and neat , and is easy to use the next time you need it .
 Have used one for 3 years . I love it . Used with 100 ' cord for lower power use like leaf blower ... Works great . Tolls out cord with ease then cranks it back in a few seconds .
 Good idea for handling of long extension cords . Especially like the two mounting brackets so it can be moved from garage to back porch .
 This is the second one I have purchased -- I have had the other for over a decade . If you have a garage and and extension cord over 50 fit , you absolutely want this . It works like a charm ; keeps the cord neat ; unravels quickly and smoothly
 i have had one for years and love it , bought the other two as gifts and everyone likes them as well.Am going to order another one as a gift .
 worked great , in winter hard to roll up stiff wire , switched to polar solar wire works fine both were 16/3 . would recommend
 I purchased this as a gift , however I have owned one for quite a number of years and love mine .
 This was a replacement for one we wore out . Easily winds extension cords and keeps them out of the way . Highly recommended
 I got five of these to give as gifts to my family . We have all hung them up in our garages/carports and are loving how it keeps the area tidy , makes the cords readily available , and works exactly like it claims . Great product .
 single mom doing yard work with electric powered yard tools because they are lighter weight . These are wonderful to keep the huge cord in with no tangles . they are on the side of the tool shed and have weathered two winters , one is in the garage and it 's great for powering the christmas lights as well . I would not want to go back to the old way . I highly recommend this item . Enjoy ! Great father 's day gift for a single mom !
 Having read a review indicating that the Wonder Winder worked well with light duty cords but was a problem with heavy 12/3 cord , I tried my 12/3 before buying . The Wonder Winders are a little stiffer than would be the case with lighter cord , but they work fine and provide an easy way to keep cords out of the way .
 I love this WonderWinder . I am 72 and found it difficult to wind and hold a long cord while winding , this item is the answer . This is a great solution and I have just ordered another one for a different location . A tall person installed my first one and I would advise a lower installation for us shorties so that it is no higher than shoulder height .
 I do n't know what some of these people are compaining about . This product does an excellent job . I attached it to the wall in my garage near an outlet and now I have power anywhere . I did have a little difficulty getting my 100 ' of heavy duty extension cord to coil up properly the first time but it 's worked great since I got it in the basket . Easy to use and seems sturdy enough .
 Installed in about 15-20 min . Works well , but you have to read the instructions to use it . The main point is that you have to push the lever on top while winding up . Holds a lot of cord and will reel it in pretty quickly . A mild case of flimsy feeling keeps it from getting 4 stars in my book .
 Was greatly satisfied with first usage and still happy there after . Installed with little effort . Do consider getting the swivel type connection that allows basket and hardware to turn 180 degrees on wall mount , to keep cord from binding on rewinds . Nice product , thanks .
 Boutght one of these several years ago ... thought the nylon webbing would be long gone ... it is not . Not perfect but pretty damned good . Two things ... when the extension cord is wet there is some slippage reeling it in ... and ... in winter when the cord is stiff and wetted from snow it becomes more difficult ... Still five stars from me ... I recently bought another to replace the old unit but a small repair on the old unit has kept it working well for another season ... some years ago I did break the plastic holder from which the unit hangs , but a small repair on that is now 3 years old and still solid ... I like this item a lot ... price varies by half so check it out ...
 Works quickly and does the job simply . I do wish it came with the swing mount as pictured , but you can buy that separately if you want it .
 Easy to install and easy to use . One of those items that I did n't know I needed until I had it.Agree with others that it sticks pretty far out from the wall . Also , cranking is a two-handed operation .
 I could literally stand on a street corner and sell these . I have ordered several for my neighbors who could n't live without one . I use a 14/3 Heavy duty 100ft extension cord to power my leaf blower and any other 12-13amp corded appliance . I would highly recommend to remedy the tangle of long extension cords .
 I really love this gadget . I mounted one of the mounting bracket 's inside the garage next to an outlet where I usually keep it letting me easily get power to anywhere in my garage or down the front of my house and mounted the other on my side fence near the back allowing me to get my electric yard tools down that long side of my house -LRB- corner lot -RRB- . makes moving a long cord from place to place very easy and putting the cord away a snap . Would be nice if there was a handle on it to make carrying it around a little easier and I like the looks of the swivel bracket I 've seen but not enough to spring extra for one yet .
 This is a awesome little tool , no more tangled cord when I need to use my electric extension cord , you just pull out and re-wind then you are finished , how ever the netting needs to be much stronger due to constant weather changes . Don
 I 've had this product for 3 years now and it 's still working great . It 's really handy and you ca n't beat the price . It 's great if your used to dealing with a tangled mess with your extension cords . it goes inside no problem and comes out fine as well with no tangles or issues . It 's a thicker plastic , but you could break it if you pull on it aggressively I 'm sure . I use mine with a 100ft cord .
 I have used a wonder winder for about 6 years now and it is so convience that I bought another for the front of my home , alot of my tools are electric and now I can use it anywhere , pull the cord out and just go back and wind it in , so easy .
 I got this for my husband and was not sure how the little net was going to hold a huge extension cord . Surprisingly it does and reels it up quite nicely . It is easy to install and even easier to use . No more loose extension cords . I would buy this as a present for anyone who spends time in their garage . My husbands friend came over when we were installing it and asked what it was we showed him how it works and he said `` Dude thats cool . Your wife hooked you up ''
 This is the handiest cord storage I 've ever seen , not very portable but for a fixed location it 's great . I keep 100 ' of 14/3 cord in it and with a large yard it makes winding the cord back up a snap .
 I bought this cord winder several months ago , and I must say it is a great product . I gave it 5 stars due to its functionality , design , build quality and expected durablity.Right now I 'm using it with a pretty heavy duty cord -LRB- I believe 12/3 -RRB- in my garage and it works just fine . I have noticed that the more times you use it , the easier it becomes to re-wind in the cord.The product comes in pieces , but the instructions are very clear and quite easy to assemble . You can decide if you want the crank on the right or left hand side . Almost all of the peices minus the rubber on the winding wheel and cord net seem to be made out of a very hard plastic which I expect to last a long time . Replacement parts are also available via the manufacturer , which is always nice.I would recommend this winder to anyone looking to clean up tangled cords from their garage or the like.EDIT
 Takes some getting used to . Only down fall was that you have to hold a lever up manually to wind it in.Make sure you hit studs when mounting or use some heavy duty drywall inserts . Other than that good product .
 I 'm very pleased with this . I use a few electric-powered garden tools , such as a blower/vac and a hedge trimmer , and keeping the cord organized has always been a chore . This little gadget makes cord storage and use a lot easier.Very easy to use . The only issue I had with installation is that the mounting bracket has an arrow that points up . However , if you mount it with the arrow up , the unit ends up being tilted . Before screwing in the bracket , hold it up to where you want to mount it with the unit attached . That will show you the correct mounting position . Do n't trust the arrow!I 'm having no problems using it with 16 gauge , 100 foot line . I tried it with 14 gauge and it worked OK , but there was a bit of a struggle to get the line wound up properly . My 14 gauge is only 25 feet , but I 'd guess 75 foot would fit . Do n't even try it with 12 gauge . It 's not sturdy enough to handle that and survive for long . A better bet for 12 gauge is the more expensive bucket-type holder , such as : Quick Winder RAP-100 Electric Cord and Fiber Optic Cable ReelThe `` cage '' that holds the cord is made of string . That will probably be the first point of failure . To help extend its life I remove the holder from the bracket when done so that the weight of the cord is not constantly stretching the cage.Not the most sturdy holder I 've seen , but easy to use and well worth the price , especially if you catch it as a gold box deal or on a price dip .
 I bought this on Amazon 4 years ago . I really liked it the whole time , but there was one problem that kept me from loving it . Sometimes the cord would slip in the wheels while winding , and even worse , the ridges on the bigger wheel would slice right thru the outer jacket , ripping places in my cord . It took me four years , but I found the fix ! For those of you that have said , and rightly so , that it sometimes take forever to wind up your cord because of slipping , here 's the fix . It slips because of the ridges made into the rubber on the bigger wheel . JUST TAKE THIS ROUND PIECE OF RUBBER OFF , AND TURN IT OVER SO THE FLAT SIDE IS OUT . It now has a lot more surface area , and it will now grip ! Mine now works perfectly , and I could n't be happier with it . Even before `` The Fix '' , it has lasted 4 years with nothing on it breaking , and trust me , I have put a lot of pressure on those wheels when my cord kept slipping . I hope this helps a lot of people , it was so simple but it took me forever to think of it . I hope it works for you like it did for me !
 Now I own a perfect way of storing and using my extension cords for my yard maintenance equipment . It is a perfect way to pull out the cord , get the job done and put everything away in a neat container . I could not be happier .
 This is one of the great buys in electrical accessories . I bought mine a good 15 years ago and it is as good as new . Nothing has worn out on it ; the basket netting is 100 % intact , the plastic has n't cracked at all.It works like a dream . I use a 100ft # 14 cord for all kinds of outdoor work . Chainsaw , all kinds of power tools , hedge trimmer , vacuum cleaner.The marvel of this tool is the ease of rewinding the cord . It scoots right back into the basket with minimal effort . If you have a tangle of long cord , put a little more pressure on the handle and it 'll pull the whole tangle right up to you . This is much easier than going back and forth to the tangle itself.I highly recommend this product .
 I 'll admit , I was skeptical of this thing , but it was a gold box deal so I thought I would give it a whirl . And boy am I glad I did!The Wonder Winder was super easy to put together . In no time I had it assembled and ready to test.I brought our 100 ft + heavy duty extension cord in from the cold garage and let it warm up . I 'll also have to admit that I thought there was no way that long cord sprawled out all over the floor was going to fit in the Wonder Winder!Since I did n't yet have the Wonder Winder mounted to a wall I had my wife help hold it . You apply a bit of pressure on the top handle which pinches the cord between two wheels and allows you to real it in . In just a couple minutes we had the cord wound up and it actually did fit ! We were pleasantly surprised.I took it out to the garage and mounted the included wall bracket , hung it up , plugged it in and it 's ready to go!I would have given 5 stars , but there 's a couple minor annoyances ; The basket 's cinch-up cord is sort of a pain to tie off . If left open the cord would just fall out through the bottom and there 's no instruction to let you know this . The mounting bracket has 4 holes - 2 vertically spaced , and 2 horizontally spaced . I did n't want to use only the verticals only since I felt if the unit got bumped from the side it was easily break the plastic bracket . The horizontal holes are too far apart to screw into a 2x4 stud . Luckily I had a span of two studs that were side-by-side . Nothing major , but keeps it from being ` perfect ' for me .
 I love the vonder veel ... haha ... it works good and it makes my garage look tidy and organized . Be nice if it was automatic but for the money it 's the best solution I 've come across !
 I have been using a Wonder Wheel for years and have it mounted on my outside fence . Definitely a great help with extension cords . My first one lasted approximately 6 years which is great considering that it was never brought in during the winter here in the north east . I purchased another 2 and would highly recommend this great gadget .
 I have been using the Wonder Winder for several years -LRB- have 2 -RRB- and have found them to work as advertised and pretty much without problems . I got my first unit as a Christmas gift 4 years ago and was impressed enough with it to get another the following year.The only real problems I have run across are :1 -RRB- Protrudes from the wall a good way so you have to position it accordingly .2 -RRB- If cord gets dusty or wet , it does n't wind in as well as if clean and dry .3 -RRB- Only 2 bases to mount on wall . I got around this with one unit by mounting one of the bases on a stand that I can carry to any location , which helps with # 1 as I can just lean it up against the wall in a corner -LRB- stand has folding legs -RRB- .4 -RRB- There is some wear around where the cord enters the unit due to the cord being pulled in at an angle - not so much of a problem with the stand mounted unit as it can be turned in the right direction.On the positive side :1 -RRB- Winds cord well so that it does n't get tangled .2 -RRB- Unwinding cord is easy and quick .3 -RRB- Excellent storage capacity for cord .4 -RRB- Unit can be moved from one mounting bracket to another as needed .5 -RRB- Units have held up well under moderate use for several years , even though they 're made of plastic . I 'm currently in the market for a replacement because a piece of lumber fell on the one I had mounted on a stand , which broke the mounting base and cracked the main -LRB- tan -RRB- part of the winder - do n't know how long it will last with the crack in it , but , a month later , so far , so good.The shortfalls are minor compared to the convenience and reliability of the product which is why I 'd highly recommend it .
 I must admit , I was hesitant to purchase this but I 'm glad I did . It really is a time saver and so far it has worked great . I 'm a bit concerned regarding how it will hold up . Some of the parts seem a bit light weight and I just hope they do n't break . Time will tell but so far I really like it .
 I bought the Wonder Winder after buying an electric lawnmower and finding that roling the electric cord back up was the most anoying part of my weekly lawn maintenance routine . I use the Wonder Winder to role up 100 feet of outdoor cord in less that 1 minute . It previously took me nearly 10 minutes to wrap it around a frame . I tried a portable cord reel first , but the Wonder Winder is better because it attaches to a fixed object and does n't move around .
 It seems there are 2 mounting options for this.The mounting option I have is a fixed mount that mounts to the wall.The other is a bracket and pin allowing the reel pivot.I think the second option would be better than the fixed mount.Even with the fixed mount I am very happy with this product.It cleans up a big mess of electrical cords that I had before.I was a little upset when I saw this same product at a Home Improvement Chain Store for almost half price.Overall I would get the product again but make sure you shop around to get the best price .5 stars for the product . 4 stars for the price I paid for it .
 This cord reel works great and keeps cords tangle-free and ready to use . It held an 150 foot cord easily . The only drawback is that it really needs to be mounted to the wall . I had hoped to use it `` hand-held '' but it is rather awkward that way . For the price it is unbeatable !
 This is the second Wonder Winder I have ordered for myself and have also given one as a gift . It is such a time saver not to have to untangle a mess of cords everytime you need one . I have one mounted in the front yard and one in the back yard . It unwinds as you need it and when finished take just seconds to wind back up . Love it .
 I purchased this Wonder Winder after Christmas when I took my outside Christmas lights down and I absolutely love it . It was easy to install and super easy to use . My wife and I both use it and we love it . Any friend who buys their first home will receive a Wonder Winder from us as a house-warming gift .
 I use this thing for my leaf blower and snow blower!No more twisted cord and rolling cords up !!! I wish I had bought one a long time ago !
 I was given a Wonder Winder as a gift and have very much enjoyed using it . I purchased this one for my son , who was very glad to receive it . Mine has given years of excellent service .
 I bought this for my dad for Father 's Day . He loves it . He comments about how well it works every time I visit his house .
 I bought this for my father about 25 years ago as a Father 's Day present . He put it in the backyard and promptly bought another for the front of the house . When I bought my own home , I immediately bought one for my own house . I have now purchased another for our backyard . Best invention since sliced bread . Nothing worse than having to manually wind up that cord on my arm !
 After installing this reel , and using it a few times , it works as it is supposed to . When reeling in the cord , the cord ca n't be wrapped around anything or caught on anything , as the reel will just spin . So far so good .
 I have purchased three of these winders for my house and now ambuying them for friends who admire them . What a great idea - so easy and efficient .
 Well ... I have to say ... this thing rocks ! 1st Impressions :1 -RRB- A small box arrived -LRB- I thought it would be bigger for some reason -RRB- .2 -RRB- I mounted it to the wall directly to an exposed stud-pair in the garage . For some reason it came with two mounts . I may mount the other on the Shed in the backyard -LRB- heck ... I should just buy another unit -RRB- . It did NOT come with the swivel pictured but the instructions do say Optional . I may get one at the Big Box store for $ 1 . That will make this thing even better .3 -RRB- For $ 19 this thing does a good job wrapping up the 100ft cord I bought with it.I am impressed ! It looked cheap in the box but it does the job just smoothly.I will check back in after the summer to let you know how it held up .
 Do n't let the low price disuade you . This little unit is very sturdy & performs exactly as described . Easy to assemple and install.A good buy .
 It works good for my purposes . It does not take heavy cords , like a 12/3 . A 16/3 it works very well . It sure beats twisted , kinked cords . I like it being able to move it to two different places . Like from my spare garage to the house garage . The best thing I have found yet .
 The Green Leaf Wonder Winder is one of the simplest and most useful tools I have ever installed in my work area . I have two on either side of the area which gives me unmatched accesability to power whenever I need it . In addition I have an extra mounting in another area of the room and one just outside the door which makes it even more flexible . Sometimes I have to play a little with the traction mechanism , but I consider that a small price to pay for the huge benefit of this tool . I would n't want to be without it . I recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased the Wonder Winder in December 2008 for our garage . It is definitely an improvement over hand winding extension cords . Even though the plastic feels cheaply made , it has not broken yet . I would say it gets used about twice a month , so we are n't very rough on it . Here are the two complaints that I have with it :1 . I do n't like that it takes two hands to wind it . I need one hand to hold the tab that gives it the friction to wind , and my other hand to keep the cord straight as it is wound in . This is normally not a problem , but it gets annoying when the cord gets caught elsewhere on my garage floor and I do n't have both hands to try to fling it loose . It would be great if there was a mechanism you could use to lock the winding tab in place to free up your hand .2 . If you use two extension cords attached together they get caught when you wind them back up . We have two cords taped together with electrical tape rather than buying a whole new longer one , and they unwind just fine for use . However , the plug gets caught when trying to wind it back up . I have to stop winding and feed the plug in , and then sometimes I still have a little trouble getting it to resume winding quickly.Even with these two minor complaints I am glad I made this purchase . It was a useful addition to our garage .
 I gave this as a gift to my husband about 10 years ago and it gets a moderate amount of use on a weekly basis . Never had a problem with the way it works ... its easily winds the cord up without trouble and it 's great that the cord is always accessible and still out of the way . Today my husband came in and asked me to see if I could find another one as a piece of the winder broke off and now it wobbles . I have to say though after 10 years of temperature extremes in the garage it 's not surprising that a piece of the plastic housing broke . And I think it is a testament to the usefulness of the product that I was asked to find another one . Fortunately I did find it on Amazon !
 I installed this cord winder-storer on the metal column of storage shelves I purchased at IKEA . It took less than 10 minutes . I also purchased with this device 100 ft of 14 gauge low-temp flex cord.Winding is easy -- much easier than I thought it would be . Great way to store 100 ft of cord . I used the cord and winder with a Toro electric snow blower recently when we got a 21 '' snowfall . I was very pleased with accessibility of the cord ; it pulled out evenly and easily . Retrieving the cord and winding into the net basket was equally easy.I speculate that the low-temp flex cord made this winder work as well as it did .
 I 've used this product before and I was very pleased with it 's performance.Because of that experience this order was for two -LRB- 2 -RRB- additional winders . the service through Amazon was very good .
 seem to be fine . They are Christmas gifts so no one has tried them out yet .
 This is probably one of the finest products that I have ever purchased . I had just purchased a AC cord winder/spool 2-weeks prior from Amazon.com at nearly twice the price . As everyone must know , the problem with most cord winders is that the plug-in end of the cord must be left extended so you can plug it in while the rest of the cord is wrapped around it . No problem when extending the cord but the pigtail that is left extended becomes a problem when attempting to rewind the cord . It will not only smack your hands and arms but also tangle around the hub.When I saw this product reviewed in our local newspaper , I knew that the concept was perfect . The pigtail plug-in end of the cord hangs out the bottom of the net basket and ALWAYS remains plugged in -LRB- unless you move it -RRB- . I had to have one and ordered it immediately from Amazon . When I installed it on the chimney bricks , a little above waist height , and wound 100 ft of AC cord on it , I could n't stop laughing ! I have fooled with outdoor AC cords for 50 + years . I was able to wind up 100 ft of cord in less than 30 seconds . Now I get a smile on when I have to go out and use the electric leaf blower .
 This is the ideal garage cord storage unit , easy to assemble and mount . I am totally impressed with the ease of use either winding or unwinding my extension cords . Very good bang for the buck .
 Love this thing . Was so tired after winding up the 100 feet of cord and finding a place to store it . I fastened one to the work bench and now I use plug in things all the time . Especially the blower . No kinks or knots anymore . Great price through amazon .
 The winder is fantastic when the cable is dry . I 've had a 100 ' outdoor extension cable , do n't know the gauge but it 's heavy enough for my hedge trimmer and other power tools , in there for about a decade . In just a couple minutes of winding get a wonderfully neat coil that pulls out smoothly every time , never a kink . If I have 100 ' of cable stretched out straight the winder is n't strong enough to pull it in . So I just pull the cable towards the garage and all works fine . HOWEVER , when the cable is wet the winder does a pretty poor job . My `` solution '' is to pile the cable in the garage and wind it in when dry . Meets my need well enough . I 'd buy another , the price is very right .
 I bought one of these for my Father about six years ago . He loves it . It keeps the cords organized . He just moved so I just bought two more -LRB- one for him and me -RRB- .
 This is my second winder that I am buying . I am so happy with the quality and performance of the product that I had to get one for myself . My first one was for my dad 's garage that my brother and I were remodeling from top to bottom.I was trying to find products that would help make things easier for him , since he is starting to feel some aches and pains . So I made sure that I put shelving at arms height for his most used tools and brought some of the lawn equipment off the ground , hook on the wall , so he does n't have to bend over for it.I got this winder as more of a time saver for him . He always got frustrated with winding the cords up . He had those manual winders but they really did n't make the job any easier . I bought this with very low expectations and thought the price would allow me to experiement a little bit.When I got it I was kind of suprised how simple it was and I was a little disappointed with the plastics . When I got it mounted and got the cord in it I was still a little disappointed because it would not always wind up . The roller would just slip on the cord.What I found was that it was a new cord and it was just too slippery when new to catch the roller . After getting the cord a little dusty it had no problems being wound up in a few seconds . After using this for a year my fears of the plastic went away as well . This was obviously designed in a specific way and they made sure it was not over engineered . The plastics do n't have any wear that I can see , the roller looks to be in great shape and the basket looks brand new as well.I have recommended this winder to anyone who mentions anything about an electrical cord . I will continue to do so as well . It saves so much time and headache for my dad that he would be upset if anyone took it away .
 I 've owned this cord winder for about a year and a half and still love it . I 'm a weekend tinkerer , so I ca n't say if it 's heavy-duty enough for everyday use . It manages my 100 ft. cord with no problem and makes corded trimming and edging convenient enough that I do n't need to spend the extra money on gas powered lawn tools . My dad saw it the other day and now I 'm ordering one for him .
 It is wonderful , what use to take so much time winding 100 feet now only takes less than a minute . I never want to be without it . It makes my yard work go so much faster and in the heat of Flordia its a blessing .
 This simple thing is great !! I 'm using with a 100 ft cord and it works great !!
 I bought one of these on a lark at the Carlisle Flea Market sometime in 1983 . I think it was about $ 20 then ? Although they had a nice demo set up , I did n't have much faith it would be any good long term . I was wrong . It has been one of the best functioning & longest lasting purchases I have ever made in a shop item . This has been in almost daily use in a commercial shop since then . It has multiple thousand of winding cycles on it . Still works perfectly - like new . In addition I used the SAME 50 FT. CORD in it for over 20 years ! Try that winding by hand . The cord never kinks . An amazing item . I have n't seen them for sale anywhere for years . I have had lots of people ask me where they can buy one , Now I know what to say
 This is an incredibly innovative gadget . I have a bunch of electric yard devices that have been sitting in my garage for years . I have always been hesitant to use them because of the inconvenience of having to organize the electrical cord afterward . This device makes it incredibly simple to neatly rewind the cord . If you own a house with a garage and a modest amount of land , I highly recommend this product . The price is very reasonable and it has one of the highest convenience factors of any purchase I have made in my twelve years as a homeowner .
 Have had one of these for 20 years or so and had to replace it . It is absolutely great for operting yard tools . Have bases set up around the house for easy transfering . A must for keeping electrical cors neat and handy .
 The product is great , I have owned one for some time and wanted another for a different location . However I thought that the shipping was to be free , but I was charged eight dollars . Am I correct about the shipping or did I miss something ? Please respond . Thanks FBV
 This is a great product . . easy to set up , and now comes with two hubs so you can move the winder from one place to another . I have one on my back fence for yard work and one on the side near the front of my house for powering christmas lights and snowblower .
 Works as advertised . Handles my 100 ' of 14/3 without a problem . Love the two brackets . Put one one in the garage and the other on the deck . Only gave it four stars until I see how it lasts and wears . Overall a good product .
 I bought 2 of these to help control the extension cords in my wood shop . Specifically I had 212/3 50 ' cords that needed to be off the floor.Assembly was quick , easy and straight forward . Only tools needed for assembly are a Phillips screwdriver.Overall the design of this thing is pure genious . however the materials were n't exactly the best choices . The overall plastic construction appears sturdy enough , however I do expect that these are not something that would put up with every day professional shop use and abuse . However in my hobby woodworking shop , these are more than enough . The tire for the wheel that pulls the cord through to the basket is where I have the issue ... The difference comes VERY apparent if there is any dust , dirt , or whatnot on the jacket of the cord . One of my cords WAS covered with sawdust , the other not . The clean cord would up exactly as it should have with no slippage . However the dusty cord slipped on the hard rubber tire without even the slightest attempt at grabbing . I had to wipe down the cord with a damp rag , then follow that up with a dry micro fiber towel , and THEN the cord would up cleanly.I believe a softer rubber compound to the tire would make all the difference in the world traction wise . The manufacturer of this item would be well served by reading these reviews , and perhaps actually testing their product in the areas that customers are complaining about , and fixing the problem.Overall I am happy with the purchase . And I KNOW I need to keep my extension cords clean , it just annoys me that the cord winder is forcing me to keep them clean before I can wind them up ... *** UPDATE *** After using these for a while , and letting the dust and gunk that the cords pick up off the floor and workbench get into the tire thing a ma bob on there , the slippage issue has disappeared . I would now call the slipping issue a break in period . I am very pleased with these , and use them on a daily basis , or at least every time I am out in the shop !
 I have tried many , many methods of controlling and storing extension cords , all more or less unsuccessfuly . When I saw this in a car care catalog , I was intrigued . I used to paddle whitewater , and we always carried a throw rope in a bag for rescue . The idea was that you repacked the rope by pushing it back into the bag in a seemingly haphazard manner , but you were really heaping rope on top of rope . When it came time to toss the rope for rescue purposes , it came out with no hesitation . This product uses the same concept
 Works great with smaller gauge extension cords but not worth a darn with anything larger that 16 gauge . I have a 100 ' 10 gauge extension cord for by outdoor lawn tools and it will not wind as required . Handle could be reinforced , as that is the reason that this was a replacement .
 I bought two one works very well , the other was shipped with parts missing . I contacted the company with a number provided in the instr . They are shipping repacement parts
 This product works perfect , cleans up the work area . I will be buying another one for the shed .
 I have been using this product for a little over a month . I have it mounted in my garage right by the garage door . I use it for my leaf blower and anything else I need in the garage to power . It works as specified . I have had no issues with it not winding back properly in the mesh bag . I just wish the manufacturer had included an extra mounting bracket so you could use it in other places of the house , such as the basement or backyard . Would highly suggest for those with VERY long extension cords , I have a 125ft cord with plenty of room still in the mesh bag .
 A great product . Easy to assemble and works like a charm . I will be handing these out as Christmas presents this year .
 I bought one , loved it , bought 2 more , and 2 more again . -LRB- one for a friend -RRB- . One in the garage another for the backyard , same for 2nd home . No reason to leave unwound , it is so easy . If you are an organized type A person it is a must have .
 No more tangled cord , stores and winds with ease . Recommedned to all ! We own two and have given several as gifts .
 I have been very happy with mine . I have one in my garage and one on my back patio for my electric lawnmower and blower . After 4 years the rubber friction pad around the wind up axle cracked -LRB- dry rotted probably -RRB- . Replaced for a few $ $ . Lasted till this month when the ABS plastic broke at the mounting point -LRB- non-repairable -RRB- . Works well in the desert -LRB- Tucson -RRB- where it is dry . Does not wind well -LRB- slips -RRB- when the cord is wet as on dew covered lawn . Wear at entry/exit port from cord did not interfere even after 8 years of operation . I used each winder about once/week , fully extending the 100 feet of cord . I 'm here looking for a replacement . Was hoping to find improved design but does n't look like anything 's been changed . In 8 years I never had the 100 foot cord tangle or knot up . Did n't rate 5 stars because of selection of a different rubber friction pad material and a simple design change at mounting area could improve life .
 We have found the wonderwinder to be very useful . We have had one for several years and bought 2 more as gifts .
 Assembled eaily , and worked as expected . My wife loves not having to try to coil the outdoor electrical cord on the hand-held reel -LRB- as do I -RRB- . Would suggest that the manufacture creates a front plate cover to prevent the cord from being wound in too far .
 It does just as it promises . Grab the end and pull out a hundred feet or more of extension cord . When finished , quickly wind it back in . Everyone I 've given one to -LRB- great gift -RRB- loves it and their friends want to know where to get one .
 Actually , he remembers quite clearly what a hassle it was without it ! I would say he is thrilled with it . It was at the top of my husband 's Christmas list , so how could I not buy it ?! He 's glad I did !
 Had one for a year or two , loved it and have been wanting another one for the other garage . Great product ! Works almost flawlessly .
 I 'm not sure I 'm the right person to review this , but it did turn out to be a handy little mechanism . Instead of coiling electrical cord , I cut the basket off and used it to coil rope . So far it 's been doing a good job and saves me hours of work from doing it by hand . I think the only downside to this product is that is is n't just some assembly required , its ALL assembly required . It arrived as a box full of parts with a picture of what it was supposed to look like . While I could figure it out easily , this may not be true for all buyers . In all a good product , and aside from the assembly issue , I would have given it 5 stars .
 I have spent over 2 hours filling out how I rate products that I bought through the last year or so and then you have to have 20 more words in order for me to submit my ratting . This is it .
 BUY IT ! You will not regret it ! I demo it for all my friends and its like doing a magic trick-they love it and want one instantly . If you can not operate this easy to use item then you probably ca n't make ice cubes . I have twelve extension cords and the wonder winder is the one the whole family uses , because it is easy and fun to use .
 First , I hate extension cords ! The coiling , wrapping , stowing and tangling ... Need I say more ? There is a good quick review on you tube . Check it out . It is n't the most rugged thing ever , but the time and effort it saves me is worth my rating . I have 100 ' of your normal hardware store orange extension cord and have room for more , not much more , but I could probably get 25 or 50 in . I love it and use it at least 3 times a week . Rugged enough for daily professional shop use , no .
 I have had this product for about two years and it has done a good job . The only issue I have found is that if you use two shorter cords , it will be unable to `` swallow '' the plugs and you have to feed that portion through by hand . In my experience it winds the cord neatly 99 % of the time . I 've not seen any issue with wear of the cord or the winder .
 This wonder winder saves so much time and keeps all knots out of the cord it is absoultly wonderful , makes a great gift .
 this is a good product . i received it in a timely manner . it was well packaged . i am a single mom and do n't always have the skills to do things but this was easy to assemble . very handy . easy to pull the cord out and easy to wind up . i would definitely recommend this product .
 I purchased this item from Amazon on June 7 , 2003 and I am still using it January 19th 2011 . This is much better than I expected . Good job Green Leaf!Details of use : I live in the Pacific Northwest USA . Our lawns are green and grow October thru June . I have an 8000 square foot corner lot -LRB- means sidewalk down 2 sides -RRB- and a large patio w / sidewalk in back . I use ONLY electric equipment and depend on a 100 ' cord w / a 25 footer to add on for the hard to reach corners . I use an Electric Mower , Electric Edger , Electric Weed Trimmer , Electric Chain Saw and Electric Hedge Trimmer . I use all of these items frequently for mowing , edging and hedge management.The unit comes with two bases . I have one installed in the shed for storage and another on a corner of our deck next to an electrical outlet . Using the cord is easy ; I take it out of the shed , place it in the base mounted on the deck , plug it in , pull out what I need and away I go . When the work is done , I just reel it back in and stow it in the shed . Easy sneezy.Only downside : There is ONE caveat
 Great gadget . This is my second cord winder . My long 100 ' extension cords were always getting tangled no matter what method I used to coil or wind them . Now I just press the tension lever and wind away . When I 'm ready to use it , I can carry it where I need it and plug it in or just leave it on the bracket inside my garage door and pull out as much as I need . Now I have one for a second 100 ' cord to use in the front area of my yard . I have had the first one over a year and have had no problems . It works much like a hose winder , so I knew that the cord should enter the winder from as straight in front as possible , so I placed the bracket so the cord does not need to be pulled from the side , making it more difficult . Great product , very reasonable priced . It arrived well before I expected it .
 I have had two Wonder Winders for about 6 years . One is mounted in my garage and the other is on an outside wall in the blazing Florida sun . They still work just like the day I got them - everything is neat , tidy , and accessible . It takes just a minute to wind up a super long cord and it always coils perfectly ! No more having to coil a 75-100 ' cord by hand - it does it for you in a snap . My tough-enuf construction worker neighbor was so impressed , he bought one for his garage and loves it too . Great gadget !
 My father-in-law has had his Wonder Winder for a few years now , and it is still working flawlessly . So , we picked one up , I mounted it , and realized that there was a part missing . I called up the Green Leaf , expecting a run around , or having to buy the part . Instead , there were no questions asked , and they shipped it out in three days . VERY happy with this product and company . Would recommend to anyone who has a problem with extension cords running all over the place as we did .
 This means of storage make using and extension cords a breeze . They roll up so nicely and are always out of the way when not in use . And they are always where you can find them !
 We 've bought so many of these , and shared with neighbors and friends , and everybody loves them . Please do n't stop making them .
 Great idea , great product . I now have 3 mounted in the shop . If you ever need an extension cord over 25 feet long you should have this cord winder and storage . I love them .
 Works as designed was bought for my dad he thinks it 's better than sliced bread , I glad he 's happy with it .
 I really like this product and use it frequently . Really the only complaint I have about it is that when your cord is damp , it is very hard to rewind . Seems like there could be someway to remedy this problem . Otherwise , pretty neat product for a pretty prevalent problem
 This gadget is perfect . Effort-less winding of your cord , stored off the floor , and out of the way . And you can re-locate it to a different spot if needed .
 This was easy to install with the included instructions . It keeps the cord tangle free and I only need to pull out what I need . It is made of all plastic so I hope it holds up to the test of time , but so far so good . It beats any other winder I 've used in the past .
 When it 's cold the cord is stiff and the large pinch wheel does n't grip as well . However , it 's a great concept . All parts are good quality . Be patient and do n't force it .
 My uncle ed has had one for years and it works well ... for the price ... you ca n't go wrong ;-RRB- ... it sure takes all the fun out of rolling the cord up on your arm ; -RRB-
 I bought this product back in 2011 . It was very quick to install , and I liked how easy it would be to switch the handle over to the other side had I needed to install it that way . The cord really does wrap in a perfect circle in the basket ! I was pleasantly surprised . Other reviewers have mentioned that sometimes the cord sticks and wo n't move during retraction . I had this happen once , and realized that a little more force on the lever was all that was required to keep the cord moving . This unit works off of friction between the crank and a roller on the end of a lever . If you do n't put pressure on the lever to keep enough pressure on the cord , the cord is n't going to move when you turn the crank . This little machine is honestly about the coolest cord winder I have ever seen . I put it on the wall in my garage , and I use it constantly ! I plan to buy another in the near future to put out on my back deck . Spectacular product !
 I had heard some criticism of this item from some who said the Wonder Winder was `` light duty , '' etc. . I have only had mine for a couple of weeks , but I do n't get the sense that it 's light duty for my application -LRB- in a hobbyist-level dedicated woodworking shop -RRB- . I might look to something a bit heftier if I were planning on retracting and extending my extension cord more than 3 or 4 times per day every day ... but I ca n't see this tool ever going bad under my definition of normal use -LRB- which is 1 or 2 cycles every 2 or three days -RRB- . It 's heavily made , and yes ... it 's a lot of plastic , but it 's thick plastic and does n't have a cheap feel to it at all.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that it does protrude a long way from the wall . For me , this is no big deal ... but if I were using it in a garage where I had to walk by it a lot , it would definitely be in the way.Overall , it works as advertised , it 's well-made , and adds to the safety of your work environment by keeping the cord off the floor . Plus , when the cord 's not getting stepped on all the time , it does n't get that coating of dust and grime that sometimes appears on cords that stay on the floor.Great idea !
 I have purchased two of these . They are GREAT ... after a few modifications .1 . -RRB- Straightline sand the contact wheel . Out of the box , there just is n't enough grip to keep the cord winding properly . But after sanding the wheel , it works MUCH easier .2 . -RRB- Drill a small hole in the lever , and attach a 2 '' compression spring between the lever and the wall . This will help apply pressure to the contact wheel , freeing one hand , and assuring an easy rewind . To unwind cord , place a chunk of 1x4 between the lever and the wall . The cord will unwind uninhibited.It may sound confusing and complex , but it really IS the cat 's pajamas !
 Easy to use and works like a charm . You may have to rewind a little slower with stiff extension cord like the `` Yellow Jacket '' brand , but still a dream . The only complaint that I have is that you only get two female wall brackets . I 'd pay extra to buy a few more to put in more locations around the house .
 -LSB- July 2004 -RSB- You find this kind of device in catalogs that are full of gadgets that appear to cleverly solve some niche problem , but if you ever buy them you find that they do n't really improve your life.This is n't one of them . It works , pretty much , and it 's a heck of a lot easier than a more conventional cord winder . A couple of times I have had problems winding a cord that was wet and so slippery , but other than that it winds the cord up pretty fast , and rather to my surprise the cord has always fed out without tangling.Mounting is a little tricky because you want to get the device upright , but it twists as you attach the device to the mounting bracket so it 's hard to find the exact right orientation for the mounting bracket.Occasionally when it 's fully extended the cord gets detached from the bottom of the bag or gets aligned straight through the hole , and so it needs a bit of help to get started winding.I want another one so that I can keep one in the garage and one on the back porch . -LSB- November 2008 -RSB- Still the best winder I 've found . -LSB- March 2012 -RSB- Still happy . -LSB- November 2012 -RSB- Broke the handle , had to buy another one . Still happy .
 I recently purchased a wonder winder to place in my shop , after a few weeks I have found that it is the most used tool I own . This product is well thought out and constructed . The wonder winder takes the headaches out of using electric cords . No longer will you have to spend frustrated time untangling electric cords . Simply pull the cord out of the winder winder , and when you are done turn the crank for a few seconds and the cord is neatly coiled agian . Not only is this product a time saver it is also a money saver . Unlike other cord winding devices , the wonder winder is constructed of very sturdy material . You do n't have to worry about breaking the wonder winder if you drop it or treat it roughly . The wonder winder is an excellent product and it makes a great gift , I highly recommend it to anyone .
 I 've had the Wonder Winder for 6 years now , through winter and summer and it is excellent . I use it for my weed whacker and mower in the summer , and toro snow thrower in winter . It retracts 100 ' of heavy yellow Polar cord with ease , wet or dry , dirty or salty , cold or hot . I took care to train the cord to wind in one direction the first 3 times I used it , and in the winter I am sure to have the cord lying straight behind me - this guarantees that everything will wind up as fast as I crank . I only wish for more mounting plates.It is so nice to have a product that works as advertised , lasts well , a pleasure to use .
 I 've now owned my Wonder Winder 18 months . It worked well the first summer , then stopped working -LRB- the winding wheel turned , but just slipped against the cord -RRB- . I called the maker and they sent replacement parts for free -LRB- a new tread for the wheel and a spare -RRB- , but that did n't solve the problem . They also offered me my money back if it did n't work . I called again , and this time they correctly diagnosed the problem -LRB- a stuck roller on the yoke -RRB- and told me how I could fix it myself . A few minutes later it was working again and I was a happy camper.The winder works for me with two heavy-duty cords with a total length of over 100 ' , though together they completely fill the net basket . -LRB- If I needed a longer cord , it would be trivial to make the basket bigger . -RRB- The only way I see that the product could be improved would be if the wall-mount bracket were made to swivel . The current design rigidly attaches the winder to the wall , perpendicular to the wall . That sticks out into my workspace when I 'm not using it . And since I pull the cord out to the side rather than straight , I worry that a very strong yank on the cord might snap the mount . -LRB- It would have to be a strong pull ; the thing is reasonably robustly built . -RRB- Overall , I 'm very satisfied with the product and with the maker 's customer service . I 'll probably buy a second one at some point to use in my basement .
 For those who feel this lightweight winder is n't durable , I bought one of these for my father for my parents ' anniversary 14 years ago . It has seen them through house renovations , yard work , motorcycle repairs and a move , being mounted , remounted , moved and remounted again . It 's lightweight enough that you do n't have to strain to wind it and the cord unwinds perfectly every time . After all this time the piece that attaches to the wall mount is the only thing that is about to give way due to a chip of the plastic breaking off , giving the tool a slight droop as it hangs off the wall . It is , however , fully operational and otherwise in good working order . I have purchased another for my father , not to replace the one he has , but because he requested one for his shed as well . It may not feel heavy duty but like anything , will last when properly taken care of .
 I was given one as a gift 5 years ago . Its been in my garage ever since , and has always worked like a champ . Ca n't imagine pulling out an extension cord and having to roll it back up when working in the garage . Purchased additional ones for other areas -LRB- like the basement , etc. -RRB- , as I do n't like taking it down -LRB- ended up putting a screw through the bracket so it is permanently mounted -RRB- . Just love it . I have NOT tried to use this for outdoor cords , or in cases requiring taking the extension cord down from its mount . Have n't found anything better either , so might end up trying to do so for outdoor purposes -LRB- even tried the reel type for outdoor extension cords , like those for a water hose , but those are cumbersome as well -RRB- .
 I could n't find any better design out there . I saw it first in the Griott 's car catalog and had to have it after years of wrestling with 100 ' of cord for my leaf blower . It has worked just as advertised and so now I simply start walking and the cord follows . And since it has 2 mounts , you can grab the winder and take it to another location you 've chosen . At first it seems like there 's no way it could hold 150 ' of cord , but it does .
 This is my second Wonder Winder - one for my workshop and one for outdoors . It is the best way I have found to keep those long orange cords untwisted and out of the way . It does take two hands to wind it , one to hold the pressure lever and the other to crank , but it is still easier than wrapping it between your hand and elbow , which also takes two hands .
 My husband loves it so much that we are buying one for our son for Christmas . What better recommendation !
 This is the second wonder winder I 've purchased . It is a very handy way to keep cords neat & ready for use
 Just installed yesterday , I 'm curious how long that plastic will hold up being subjected to cold and heat of garage . This unit functions very well , it rolls up the cord just as it should , and it comes out easily too . One thing to note is mine came with the plastic wall mount rather than metal . The plastic mount keeps the unit in a 90 degree angle with the wall . It may have been a packing error , because I got two plastic mounts in the box .
 I have read a number of the reviews for this product and have my own opinion . I received this as a gift about 10 years ago from my sister . She bought one and loved it so much , she got one for me and my father . Not being a gadget guy , I was skeptical at first . That did n't last long . As I said , I have had one of these for 10 years and it has not been treated well . It has lasted until about a month ago when I did it in . I am the kind of person who needs well-built things . If this plastic and netting item can last me 10 years , it should last others much longer . I did order another one and noticed there is a new addition to the old one , a means to pivot the winder . If I had this on my original one , it may have lasted longer but I doubt it.I recommend this product to all the guys I know who use an extension cord around the house . I am going to purchase one for work in a few days . I 'll mount it in the garage where we keep a shop vac to clean out our vehicles . I get tired of seeing the cords lying around all over the floor and this neat product will solve that problem in a flash -LRB- or a wind -RRB- . Pros
 I have had this for a few months now and really like it.I originally saw it on `` Cool Tools '' on DIY network . I was close to ordering it on Amazon , but happened to find it on clearance at Norther Tool for $ 15 . I installed it to help store a 100 ft extension cord that I got tired of rolling up and then fighting with when it was time to use it . The Wonder Winder installs in a few minutes , and does what is expected of it.For under $ 20 , it keeps long cords organized . The only thing that might be annoying is that it does stick out quite a bit from the wall , but for where I have it positioned , it is not an issue.I would , and have recommended it to friend .
 I 've had mine in our garage for nearly ten years and used it mutiple times each week for all of that ten years . Today the handle finally broke , so I guess we will have to buy a new one . Definitely worth the money .
 I bought this seeking a solution for keeping my existing extension cord in line and was not impressed by the cost of some automatic winders . Additionally most of those could n't handle the cord length this does . I took a chance figuring I would get a few months use out of it since it was only plastic and would be in the garage where it 's not the kindest of conditions . It 's been 2 years and I can not relate to you how happy I am over such a simple product . I use this every single time I mow or require power in the garage or outside . Most of my yard tools are fuel powered except for the leaf blower & chainsaw and I use the leaf blower after every mow . So for two years at almost twice a week sans 3/4 months for winter this has been dishing out and reeling in a 150 ' outdoor extension cord . The basket looks new yet and the only wear is at the very front of the mouth where rubbing from the cord has ground away some of the plastic , however there is no affect to the operation . It still reels in the cord just as well as it did on day one . It comes with two mounts but I never had to move it . I 'm writing this now because I seen it in my purchase history and wanted to make sure it 's still available should I ever need to buy another . Buy with confidence , you 'll be glad you did .
 This works like a charm , as long as you have the wall space on which to mount it . You can pull just as much cord as you need . I use it in my garage , and in my workshop ; it 's been working reliably for years . I do n't mind an occasional jam , because it 's rare and I can untangle it pretty easily . I do n't mind occasional slippage on back winding , since I just have to push the lever a little harder or help the cord along . It 's so very convenient .
 Works as advertised , Very easy to operate . Those that give it a neg review must have trouble tying their shoes .
 After I 've used the item for a few months I have to say that I 'm really impressed with this simple and very efficient gizmo . It does exactly what it 's supposed to do and at a very reasonable price . Warning
 I purchased this from the Price Pros reseller , it arrived the next day . I was concerned about the possibility of getting a non-genuine product based on an earlier review , but Amazon 's return policy would allow a quick and easy resolution.What a received was a blue box , with no mention of the name Fowler anywhere . Only the part number , 72-482-028-0 , was listed . On mine , the metal carrier is not very well aligned -LRB- the middle support shelf is not welded exactly parallel , but the top and bottoms are -RRB- . The size of each punch is stamped or etched on the top which is nice . This set is made in China.Concerned that this may be a cheap imitation , I contacted the Fowler corporation and was told that this is indeed a Fowler product . I made a few punches into cherry stock and the tip showed no sign of wear . The punches themselves look well made.For the price I would give the benefit of the doubt that they will hold out and propose a 4-star rating . For the obvious hasty manufacturing I could never give a higher rating regardless of price .
 The box that the punches came in is labeled `` Made In China '' I do n't think they are talking about the box
 These transfer punches are excellent quality and the delivery time for the product was far better than expected . Very pleased .
 This is a solid , well-designed and constructed support -- I 'm satisfied with my purchase.Since they are used in pairs , rated in pairs , and photographed in pairs , it 's tempting to figure they 're sold that way , but they 're sold `` individually '' -- look for the asterisk in the description . And a typo could lead you to believe they hold three tons -LRB- `` 6000 pounds '' -RRB- , but in reality , a plank , some tools and materials , and two not-so-big people is the limit .
 The other reviews are accurate . I wish I could have bought these 30 years ago . Simple , stable , quick & easy . They actually work . My first use was on a roof , just like in their advt . pictures . I expected trouble . It was actually stable ! Wish I had thought of the design . Unless your tools are ripped off on a regular basis the price is no barrier . You will save the cost in time . Instead of spending 2 hours to haul blocking & staging sections into a hole beside an elevated building , it took 10 minutes to set these up and throw on a plank . Most of that was the climbing in with the pieces .
 One of the best things I have ever purchased . It can go anywhere and hold alot of weight . I used it while siding my garage , and I do n't know what I did without it before.It 's easy to ajust and easy to climb with a scaffold on it .
 I WAS VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PURCHASE . IT IS VERY UNIVERSAL AND EASY TO USE . VERY WELL MADE .
 I recently purchased a pair of the Reechcraft 40003 Bronco sawhorses . I have owned quite a few sawhorses over the years , but never any as well designed and constructed as these ! I have used these for a few months now for a variety of tasks on a large church construction project and was quite pleased with how stable they felt and how easy it was to adjust them into a level position on rough uneven terrain . In my opinion there is simply no better made sawhorses than the Reechcraft Bronco . They are worth every penny I spent on them !
 Earlier this year , I first saw and used these 3 legged horseswhile helping at Warm Beach Christain Camp.I asked where I could find out more about these `` Broncos '' and I was told they were made in North Dakota and probably were expensive.I was able to find Reechcraft on the Internet and called their `` 800 '' # . The person I was directed to was very helpful and suggested I contact Amazon.com , since they pay the shipping on the Bronco 's . I placed an order for 2 of them and have been happy with their versatility , convenience and quality.It is so nice to be able to set up a secure scaffolding and their adjustability makes them fit in so many places a 4 legged horse just can not go.The Bronco does cost more than other `` saw horses '' but due to their construction sure seem to be `` worth the price '' , and I think they will last as many years as I can.Lastly we each must think about how much our safety is worth , how many times have you set up and had to
 I have been using two of these sawhorses for several years now . This product has allowed me to access heights around my house and rental properties with ease in any uneven terrain as well as level ground . If the soil is soft such as wet ground or mulch areas I will have to support the legs with a piece of wood , brick or stone . These sawhorses have served me well . Am extremely satisfied .
 awsome product . very versitale for different projects . got ta have two and a plank in every truck
 Excellent as plank support . Easily adjusted . Easily transported to work area . Very stable . Bought two , used once and ordered two more . Anyone working from ladders would benifit with this product . Worth every penny .
 I 've had a pair of these for close to a year now and they truly are life savers . I 've used mine for mostly siding and windows , but they have many more uses . With three legs they are more balanced than a traditional sawhorse and can accomidate almost any terrain . I 've used them for siding above roof lines along with an extension ladder , ladder jack , and plank and felt comfortable being 20 feet off the ground . They really work well on uneven terrain , whether the ground is uneven or sloped . Overall , this is a great product for the pro or homeowner .
 Calling this a sawhorse is misleading I think . I delayed buying a set because the price and sawhorse did not go together . These are more like staging . They do an excellent job of supporting both ends of my 12 ' walkboard and they really shine on uneven ground and as mentioned before , repairing/replacing above roof line siding -LRB- the job I bought them for -RRB- . Custom building a sawhorse to match the roof was an option but manuveuring it around was not an exciting prospect . This does the job and is plenty strong .
 Cut & dried , these puppies ROCK !! They 'll NEVER wobble on the ground , and are EXCELLENT as staging , as they claim to be . They are SUPER STRONG , and will NOT leave you hoping that they wo n't collapse . -LRB- They are NOT like the picture shows them , the connecting arm to the third leg has obviously been improved since they were first invented , and the frame is NOT square tubing as shown , but round . The adjustments of ALL LEGS is in 1.5 '' increments , not just one leg -RRB- . I built a 16 ' gazebo with them , and used them ON TOP OF SCAFFOLDING PLANKING to reach the top of the roof to complete the shingling , and to affix the cupola . Using ratchet-strapping to hold them down , to insure that they would n't budge , I planked from these to the 6/12 pitch roof , in a level fashion . I was ecstatic with the performance of these things . If you can afford them , and have a need for these , then DO N'T PASS THEM BY ! My personal safety is important enough to me to not skimp on , and these allowed me to do a challenging job safely .
 I 'll have to admit , I was skeptical . I was considering renting a cherry picker to repair and paint the eave and facia of my house . The entire length of the front is above the roof line with a 6/12 pitch and midlevel dimensional shingles . At $ 240/day , I knew I would need it for at least two days . When I ran across the Bronco sawhorses , they looked like the trick . I also bought a Werner 7 ' aluminum walkboard . These things really work !! I started out by lashing them together and then to the house . After relocating them the second time as I worked my way down the length of the house , it was apparent that they were not going to slip . The only improvement I could add , was to number the adjustment holes with a sharpie to make mirror image set-ups quicker . They are so simple to set up and use , they come with only a single page of instructions . They come from a company called Reechcraft located in Fargo , ND ... that 's right ! MADE IN U.S.A. ! This is truly an innovative product that I am sure I will find many uses for in the years to come .
 I ordered my first pair of Bronco 's from the company when I saw them in one of my trade magazine 's , when they arived I took them to the job site , we were shingling a ranch house we set them up and put one of oue pics on the Bronco 's and were able to install drip edge and the first few rows of shingles , the only problem I found was one pair was not enough , so the next day I ordered my second pair , with their adjustable legs I have n't found a place where I could n't set them up.You wo n't go wrong with these .
 I bought two of these horses just over a year ago . I stumbled across them by surfing amazon looking for scaffolding . It took me some time to reach the decision to purchase because of their high price . Forget about the cost ; they are worth twice what they are asking for them.I bought them to use on a very difficult section of siding that I was trying to replace -LRB- I have a 170-year-old home and I have been slowly replacing all the siding with cedar clapboards -RRB- . The area of the house that I needed to reach was the gable side of a shed dormer that was 30 ft. from the ground . The dormer is only reachable from an attached shed that has a very steep coragated metal roof on it . I had to come up with a way to scaffold the roof to reach the dormer . I screwed a cleat to the roof and used the Broncos adjustable legs to compensate for the steep angle . Long story short - I do n't know how else I could have done it . They made a stable platform on a very dangerous surface . I am currently using them as a base for two legs of contractor scaffolding on a rocky and uneaven bank on the side of a garage . It is difficult to describe , but believe me these horses can pay for themselves with just one use .
 I looked at these for over a year before I decided to buy . As soon as I took one out of the box I wondered why I waited so long . Man this is a money making tool . they set up easily and already have a thousand uses . They 're rugged too , I feel very safe on them even at the highest setting . If I have one complaint it is that the leg screws used to secure the legs -LRB- in addition to easy to use stainless pins -RRB- are not quite long enough . After some use I can see that the srew handle will bottom out before the leg screw is sufficiently tight . also the handle on the screw is plastic . Very durable but could have been metal and would have lasted forever . In the end though I 'm very pleased . I bought two already and plan to buy a third .
 The first time I saw the bronco 's was in a trade magazine , they looked like they would be pretty handy so bought a pair , after I received them and used them on the job sight for a day , I ordered the second pair the next day . They just ca n't be beat , I have n't found anything that I did n't like about them . I only wish that they would make taller ones .
 I purchased two of these saw horses . and they are purchased singly . They arrived in good shape . They are a little larger than one might think , measuring 3 ' 1 '' high when opened 2 ' 6 '' 3/4 across the top and 3 ' 6 '' 3/4 across the bottom . These came with hand tighteners near the base of all the legs , so that once you extend the legs , you can tighten them down and the whole horse becomes very rigid and stable , even when extended all the way.There 's grip tape on top of all the steps.The only thing I did not like is the way they welded the three steps . They are however very sturdy , and the welds are strong and clean , but they do not go all the way around . They are welded on the top and the bottom on each side of each step yet there are no gaps on the sides and they will never rust.Usually I kill a regular set of saw horses in about a year I suspect that I will never do these ones in , they are nice and quite sturdy they are rated at 300 pounds each or 600 for the pair of course . And the best thing . . They are adjustable . I have used mine as material supports and as a short ladder on job sites . I 'll probbably buy two more in the future and use those as a job site workbench . I have looked around and these are the best ones I have found . All in all a little expensive but you will probbably never need to replace these .
 I have been a finish carpenter for 22 years . Recentlly I bought a cutaway van and equipped it with a 10 foot saw table work station . I have every possible shop tool you could find waiting to be used on this vehicle . The only thing needed was a saw horse that could reach a working height of 60 inches for stock that needed to extend beyond the van bed . The bronco saw horse was the answer to this situation . I adjust the horse and clamp a roller mechenism on top and it works grate under any condition . I am going to purchase two more bronco saw horses to use as short scaffold and saw horses . Great product !!!!
 I was impressed with a promotional photograph of two of these items supporting a plank on a sloping roof . The reviews were good , so I got a pair . They are very sturdy and easy to adjust . An improvement I would suggest would be to have larger feet for soft soil .
 Bought several of these light a couple years ago and they STILL WORK !!! Unlike regular tripods which break and need constant bulb replacement , these things last . The one time cost will more than pay for the 10 tripod lights you would need to replace over the length of any project . Not only the replacement cost but the cost to replace the bulbs or fix regular tripods make this light a great deal . I highly recommend trying one and am sure you will want more .
 I have used one of these for about one year . The unit does everyting that it claims to . The bulb is almost indestructiable . I have knocked , dropped it , and generallt abused it . I have changed the bulb -LRB- propriteray only -RRB- once . I love the light it gives , the recations are excelletnt . -LRB- Is that a bouy ? -RRB- The only drawbacks anre that it is a bit hard to carrry , and store as it is a bit bulky . Otherwise I love it .
 This light works great in a real work environment . The plumbers and electricians drag it arround with them on the job . It gets bumped , hit , tipped over and etc. . It works great , especially in an area where the light can be reflected off of the light colored interior surfaces . As a stand alone light in an area with dark surfaces it does not work as well as other work lights .
 As a drywall contractor , portable lighting is crucial to my job . I bought one of these wobble lights to try out a few months ago . While it costs a little more than regular tripods , the light provides more light than several traditional lights and I can vouch it will last longer than any light I have ever used . To anyone that can appreciate a true work light , this is the light for you . When working on a two story home before the railings were installed , not only did this light illuminate the entire upper floor but when accidentally knocked down the stairs , the thing stayed lit and suffered no damage whatsoever . The size may be a little different but instead of carrying 3 or 4 tripods I only have to carry one wobble light which makes up for it . Not to mention any standard light would have crashed after the stair accident and had to be replaced . What a great invention .
 This light is very durable . It seems to have been designed around protection for the bulb . On construction sites it is common for things to get banged up . This light wo n't fall through the floor joists in an open attic and throws light in all directions . It really does n't get hot to the touch so there is no need to let it cool off before putting it away . The receptacle on the base is a nice added feature . I do n't know what a replacement bulb costs and I do n't know how long it is expected to last but mine has gotten smacked a few times and works fine . The only thing I do n't think will hold up is the handle . It is plastic and seems a little flimsy . Mine has not cracked or broken but seems like the weakest part of the light . I would buy another one if I needed it .
 Needed something that would withstand abuse especially after spending too much on tripod type lighting that was easily damaged . This does the trick . Bright , great lighting from all sides and can take a bit of abuse . It 's been walked into , rolled over , dropped and just keeps going . Yes , it 's a bit more expensive and the replacement bulbs are a tad on the higher side but after four years of use , we 've not had to keep buying new lights like the tripods or other alternatives . In the long run this has been one of the better buys for on-site locations . Just realize ... it 's bulky , big and bright .
 Light works great , design is awsome.The plug did break the first day . Have not had time to resolve with company.Was a little suprised but that is life.I will buy more for the Company .
 I purchased two of these just after seeing it on the first run of TOH - Manchester by the Sea . It is a hit with all the other trades on the job site , as long as there are sufficient circuits available to power the other tools -LRB- 500W light and a DW718 -RRB- .
 This is one of the best clamps Ive ever used . The picture you see does n't adequately describe what the clamp is designed to do . This clamp is designed to join two pieces of wood together , typically at a 90 degree angle . The power of the clamp is that it holds both pieces in place firmly and also squeezes that joint together rather than merely holding them together as typical angle clamps do . Again , this picture you see is an unfortunate marketing flaw , as it misrepresents the true value of this superb clamp . Anyone who makes any kind of frame with wood up to 4 inches thick will love this clamp !
 Great tool as long as you are not cutting oak moldings . works well on soft wood species but you have to have superman 's gip to cut oak quarter round !
 Used this for 1/4 round pine trim . It makes the trim job go 200 % faster !!! . No getting up after measuring and cutting , then going back . I like it alot . Not sure if it would work well on oak .
 I HEARD ABOUT THIS TOOL ABOUT 8 YEARS AGO BUT NEVER CAME ACROSS IT , THEN RECENTLY SOMEONE CAME TO ME WHEN I WAS CUTTING SHOE MOLDING WITH A DEWALT MITER SAW AND TOLD ME ABOUT IT AND THEN SHOWED ME HIS HAND SHEARS AND I COULD N'T BELIEVE HOW EASY THIS TOOL WORKS !!! SO THEN I LOOKED FOR IT AND FOUND IT ON AMAZON , WHEN I GOT IT I TRIED IT WITH A PIECE OF SOLID CHERRY SHOE MOLDING BUT IT DOES N'T WORK TO GOOD WITH SOLID WOOD BUT CUTTING REGULAR PINE SHOE OR OTHER SMALL MOLDINGS IT WORKS WONDERS , I ALWAYS KEEP IT IN MY TOOL BAG WITH ME AND USE IT ALMOST EVERY DAY , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 Did an entire house of qtr round trim in 1/3 the time it would have taken with my saw . Has a tendency to cut a little off the mark and can crush the wood in a pine 1/4 rnd but the result looks great and saved so much time
 This product arrived as promised . This drywall hand sander works as promised . Nice & easy to use it . The only problem is that is was missing the 2ea adaptors . I called the company and they sent it in 5 days .
 This is a great product ! No , it 's not a contractors qulity item but it 's perfect for a homeowner like me ! I used it on my room addition and achieved great results ! Price was right and it did the job !
 I tested a area that I will be working on later . The unit picked up about 95 % of the dust . After my last job here at home without it , I got the word not to try that again . Ever . Now I can continue remodeling the house .
 Overall , we are pleased with the results . Flat surfaces are easy to work on , corners and edges require a lot more work by hand . There was hardly any dust left . We used a humidifier as suggested . We think this also helped cut down on the dust .
 This thing works great ! We tried its extraction system with an orbital sander and it keeps the dust down so well you almost feel like you do n't really need a maask -LRB- but of course you do -RRB- .
 This product works as advertised . It collects the vast majority of the dust generated by drywall sanding . Plastic parts are too breakable . That said , for under $ 50 , this is worth every penny and then some . If I floated sheetrock professionally , I 'd get something better able to stand up to use/abuse . For the `` sweat equity '' laborer , it 's a gem .
 After going thru the above reviews , it 's obvious way too many guys are not reading the directions ! there is a valve to reduce suction so that the sander head is n't stuck to the wall and solutions for other problems , too . is it the world 's greatest heavy duty drywall sander for production use ? no . but is it almost perfect for the homeowner or tradesman who only has to hang and finish drywall once in a while and often needs to keep the mess to a minimum in the process ? YES . yeah , it whistles - big deal , get some earplugs . my shopvac is so loud i 'm usually wearing them anyway . probably the best part is that it allows you go more than five minutes without the vac filter clogging AND you 're dumping thin sludge instead of a huge cloud of dust at cleanup time .
 I just spent half a day sanding drywall with this thing , and I have to say , it delivered as promised . I understand what others are saying , it does n't look like you 're getting much for your half a C-note , but what are the alternatives ? The hose looks cheap , but it is very flexible and sprung back when I invariably stepped on it . It 's kind of noisy , but I 'd rather wear ear muffs than get covered in dust all day . And I 'm sure it must be better for your shop vac than sucking dust directly all day.If I were a professional mudder , I 'm sure I would go for the three - or four hundred dollar set up , but for the once-in a whiler , this is about right . The bottom line is I got more done in less time -LRB- spent less time choking on dust -RRB- and clean up was about 10 percent of what it is when the dust is allowed to run free . You still have to supply the muscle , but at least you 're less disgusted when your done -LRB- though still tired -RRB- .
 . . which is not to be confused with a GREAT product.If money is no object , I 'm sure the Porter Cable sander is superior . However , since buying our first house 3 months ago , money most certainly IS an object-one I see precious little of and seem to be endlessly stuffing in envelopes and mailing off to various banks , contractors and utility companies.With that said , the S&K is a fairly effective product . Their claim that it ` eliminates 95 % ' of the dust is probably pretty accurate and , while it 's somewhat clumsy at first , soon you 'll be humming along . In fact , it 's been suggested to me that perhaps I 'M the clumsy element in the equation.The whistling sound that others mentioned in their reviews was so easy to remedy it hardly warrants mention . For fifty clams you wo n't do better .
 I purchased my MT800 basically to reduce the dust problem associated with sanding drywall compound . Yes it does at times produce a `` whistling '' noise and if not properly adjusted it does have enough suction to hold the sanding head to the wall making it very difficult to use . But I must say that it does reduce airborne dust . It comes with two vac adapters and the 20ft . hose allows decent mobility even on 9ft . ceilings . I use mine with hearing protection -LRB- since shop vacs are not very quiet -RRB- and tinker with the suction adjustment until I can sand without too much effort . I am by no means an expert at drywall but I 've learned that with practice in applying drywall compound , the right drywall knives , and learning how to use the MT800 -LRB- as well as understanding the tool 's limitations -RRB- , it is a useful tool giving most DIY'ers decent results .
 I 'm a DIYer for over 30 years . I 've used several different methods for removing joint imperfections -- the sanding block on a pole , the wet sponge or rag . My orbital palm sander worked well until the plaster gummed up its insides , the best alternative was a Fiba Tape sander hooked up to a shop vac . But that was still dusty.Not long ago , a fellow DIY friend was DIY-ing his basement . I noticed he was using a Magna MT800 Sand & Kleen Hand Sander System . I was curious how improved it would be over the Fiba Tape system , so I borrowed it after he was done . It worked even better ! LESS DUST , and no shop vac cleanup afterward.Some of the critics here say it has a few problems . I have some advice for the new people reading this :1 . Rent this product or borrow it from a friend before you spend $ $ $ on the expensive one , especially you DIYers .2 . CHECK THE PARTS LIST for all the parts . If you do n't have all of them , return it to the store or call the seller to get part you need . Get a tracking number from them .3 . READ THE INSTRUCTIONS If the unit suctions itself to the wall , ADJUST the pressure valve . If it whistles , tighten the hose and sander seals .4 . WEAR HEARING PROTECTION when using loud power tools such as shop vacs . Then the whistling wo n't bother you .5 . Hose clogged ? CLEAN IT OUT!This really is a great product . It eliminates the dust clean up and the arm-ache associated with traditional methods . You can not beat it for the price . All it takes is some common sense to use it properly .
 The Sand & Kleen system worked quite well for me . So far , I have put up about 50 sheets of drywall in my shop half of which were sanded with a `` plain '' sanding block , and the other half sanded with Sand & Kleen . There is no comparison . Very minimal dust left on the floor -LRB- and me -RRB- using S&K. ; For the homeowner who likes to do his/her own work , it is money well spent . -LRB- Be sure to change the water as recommended - it helps ! -RRB-
 I recently put a new ceiling in my cabin . When it came time to sand I was ready to pull everything out . Some people told me my carpet would be trashed as well due to the dust.I found this item and thought I would give it a try . To my surprise it did everything they said it would , Sure you have to play around a bit to get the nack of it but it does work.If you do n't have a shop vac you can use an old canister vac just remove the bag . Works fine either way.I bought mine from Amazon . The price here was the lowest . When you add in shipping it was less for a new one than a used on the auctions.So , if you intend to drywall get this thing . It is worth every dollar .
 I 'm remodeling my living room which opens into the kitchen & dining rooms , as well as stairs to 2nd floor . I had used old bedsheets to close off all openings before sanding . I started sanding the room without the MT800 and after a short time dust was all over the house . I ordered the MT800 and received it the next day . I sanded the room twice more and had alomost no dust . This product was excellent . Recommend for any DIY ` r.
 The concept is good . i am a pro painter that does alot of repair work in occupied homes . Dust control is very important . This works , but main complaint is with the hand sander itself . It is not comfortable to use for a length of time and its hard edges cause the screen to rip fast . I converted it for the fibretape sander/pole and it is very good . Do wear earplugs ! She 's a howler !
 was refinishing the wall in a master bedroom and did not want plaster dust all over the rest of the house and this was recommened to me buy a building contractor it worked great would recommened to all that dont want the mess of plaster dust through out your house while finishing you walls or just a small spot that darn dust seems to go everwere if you just sand it with out this great tool .
 After sanding half a room and getting dust everwhere throughout the house I bought the MT800 system . It worked exactly as advertised although if you had several rooms or a tight deadline you might consider some help . I give this a big 2 thumbs up .
 I was extremely pleased with the Sand and Klean Machine because it kept the sheetrock dust under control . This is totally essentual when remodling a house while you are still living in it . However , I was truly disappointed when the handle on the sanding block broke off in my hand . It worked great when I used it on the hallway , the family room , the hall pantry , the hall bath and even the master bath until the handle broke off in my hand while sanding the last wall of the master bathroom . Is it possible to get another one sent to me as soon as possible so that I can finish this room without createing a bunch of air born dust ? I am awaiting your response .
 This is a wonderful product . First borrowed one from a friend and it worked so well I had to buy one for myself . This is an absolute must for anyone who is doing a little remodeling . Really does the job . My wife has asthma and this tool allows us to do remodeling without compromising her health .
 I bought this about 5 years ago , used it , and put it away . I just got it down for a room renovation . I was impressed 5 years ago , and I am impressed today . I discovered it hooked up nicely to my random orbit sander -LRB- with a bit of tape -RRB- and I now have a super fast drywall sander . The orbit sander does overwhelm the system a bit . That is , after sanding the room is thick with dust . However , I have discovered that 80 + % of the dust is going into the vacuum . At the end of a day of sanding there will be 3 inches of drywall guck in the bottom of the tank . That 's the one drawback
 I purchased this for a small kitchen remodeling job for a customer that required serious dust control . When I first opened the box I was fairly disappointed with the appearance of the hose - - it seemed flimsy and small for the job . I figured I might as well give the sander a try.I have got to say it is indeed noisy when first started . The whistling noise quiets down after you use it for a while . I did however wear ear plugs and shooters muffs to dampen the noise -LRB- I also had my iPod to keep me from going nuts when doing all the sanding -RRB- . After using the sander for a while the whistling noise disappeared . I would , however , recommend the earplugs even if the sander does n't whistle because the sound of the vacuum can be pretty overwhelming after using the sander for a period of time.This sander is amazing . Within just a couple of minutes of use I could see that this thing was going to perform better than I expected . It captured virtually all the dust . Really , the only dust it did n't capture was when the pad got tipped or when sanding past a wall corner or edge.When you get done sanding you end up with a bucket of water and sanding dust sludge on the bottom . I let the sludge settle out , poured off the water and then disposed of the sludge.My advice is to invest in the 3M sanding screens for better sanding results . Also , a very light sanding of the finished surface with a pad with sandpaper or a long sanding sponge eliminates the sanding marks from the sanding screen . If you lose suction , check the hose to make sure it is not plugged as can happen after extended use.I always doubted the ability of a vacuum sander to gather dust properly so always put off buying one . In this case , this is one of those products that I wish I would have known about years ago .
 Overall ; I 'd agree with the majority of reviewers ... It 's a great tool for the DIY'er , or the small contractor . It does whistle ; but only for the first few minutes of use . Once the plaster builds in the rings of the ribbed hose , it settles down . It 's nice to have less dust ; do n't believe the packaging , though ; still wear a mask and goggles . : -RRB- Good tool ; fair price . Glad I bought one to keep around for home improvement and weekend projects !
 It works great at keeping down the dust , but it is noisy , so be sure to wear hearing protection while using it .
 When I opened the box , I thought that once again , I have paid too much for a cheaply made product . Everything appears to be cheaply made . After reading the instuctions and putting into operation , I have to say that I am extremely satisfied . There is virtually no dust escaping . I am dry walling in the middle of my existing home , carpet on the floor and furniture everywhere . I have noticed no additional dust anywhere . I use a dust filter -LRB- respirator -RRB- , but can not tell any accumulation on it.The cheap light weight hose actually makes using the unit much easier . A heavier hose would be tiring to sand with . Noise is no problem , my shop vac is so loud , I have to use ear protection anyway.What works best for me is to adjust air flow so the sanding head will just stay on the wall when you let go , and just use lateral pressure while sanding . I get a very flat smooth result.I rigged a prefilter over my shop vac filter -LRB- old hepa house vacuum bag -RRB- and also put about 1 '' of water in the bottom of my shop vac to catch any dust that got by the Magna . I have noticed no dust getting to the shop vac . That is amazing to me.You could certainly build one of these yourself , but I was ready for it now , and the time saved was worth it . If you build one yourself , do not submerge the incoming hose under the water . I have seen diy designs that do that , this one does not submerge the hose -LRB- stops about 1 '' above water -RRB- and it works great . Also , a drop of liquid dish detergent in the water may help trap dust .
 This product is pretty much a fantastic buy . It really does suck up AT LEAST 95 % of the drywall dust . I 'm not sure it would hold up to the riggers of a professional drywall contractor , but it 's great for a home owner or anyone who only does occassional drywall work . The only complaint that I can come up with -LRB- and it 's a bit nit-picky -RRB- is that the lid is real flimsy . For the nearly fifty bucks that we 're paying , the manufacturer could have put a thicker lid on there without denting their bottom line ; that is the only reason I did n't give the product a five star rating . All in all , I 'm very glad that I bought this product as it has made a PITA job alot less painful .
 My wife just hates it when I do drywall repairs around the house . That dust gets everywhere no matter how well you seal yourself in or how slowly you sand . There are dustless sanders on the market now that do a fantastic job but the professional versions are $ $ $ . I do n't do that much drywall sanding to merit that kind of tool . But the Sand & Kleen is just the greatest . It really does suck up the dust , about 95 % of it ended up in the water bucket or tubes . There is a loud sucking whistle sound at first but as soon as you place the sanding block to the wall and start sanding that pretty much disappears . The one sold here is a hand sander but there is a pole sander attachment available from the factory that is kind of fun to use . I use the sanding system with a TINY shop vac -LRB- one from Home Depot-Stinger -RRB- and my sanding projects go well with it . So there is n't a need to have a huge shop vac just about anything will work fine . The whole unit is very small and all the hoses and attachments store in the 5 gallon water bucket . Between jobs the system can be stored easily . I also use this for dust control on my wood sanding projects . I just tape the hose to the dust outlet where the dust bag would attach . Works just as good on wood dust . On clean up quite a bit of the dust remains inside the suction hose . So before you put it away be sure to blow that out really good . The thing is not really designed for heavy professional use , but if you 're a drywall pro you already have a the good tool for sanding . But if you 're a guy like me , a weekend warrior on a limited budget then this really is the economical answer to a dirty job .
 I purchased the MT800 unit for use on my home sheetrock remodel job after seeing how much dust the sanding produced . Knowing I am doing every wall in my 1400 s.f. home while residing in it made the dust just too much . The unit works well , yes it squeals but that 's reduced as dust accumulates in the hoses . I wear ear plugs and it 's fine . I soon learned I needed the pole attachment to quickly and more comfortably sand the walls . I ordered the MT999J plastic pole sander and within two minutes of easy use it broke at the swivel located on the head . Amazon did not carry the aluminum pole sander -LRB- MT 999 Pro Series -RRB- so I ordered it from Magna Industries . It is obviously stronger and has held up through two rooms . The only problem with it is the short piece of plastic hose -LRB- approx 12 '' & same material as the long hose -RRB- that attaches at the sander head and into the pole rubs against the wall while sanding in corners and has produced small holes in the hose . I 've wrapped the 3 '' area with pipe repair tape and so far it 's holding up fine . The squealing is not an issue with the aluminum pole . My advice
 I purchased this product to control the dust when sanding drywall spackling . I am in no way a pro at applying spackling to drywall joints so it takes me several trys to get it looking decent . I therefore create mountains of dust in the process . This product has helped but it comes with a couple of cons in my opinion . It seems like the connection hose is always in the way of either stepping or sanding . There is a high pitch whine between the small diameter hose on the handpiece and the high volume vacuum I am using , I had to wear earplugs to prevent discomfort from this . If you 're always in a hurry to get the job done , like me , it could be just a bit of a PITA -LRB- pain in the A -RRB- to prepare this for use every time . All in all it did help control the dust by capturing about 90 % produced while sanding but I think I 'll call in a drywall pro my next big project ...
 I was impressed by how well this worked . I have done many a DIY drywall project , I hate sanding , hate it . I do n't do it enough to get really smooth joints w/o some sanding . This really did capture most of the dust and my shop vac filter did not need cleaning after completing a 10 x 12 room . I did have to clean the hose and sanding attachment 1/2 way through the job . I wish the connection on the lid was more robust it came loose and it took me 10 minutes to get the compression ring back in place . It is very LOUD , but I wore ear protection and was fine .
 The Sand & Kleen MT800 was simply great ! It took a horrible , messy job and made it reasonable . The sanding screens tend to tear and I used about 6 of them sanding about 800 square feet so pick up a supply at your local hardware store before you begin . Make sure you read the instructions to understand how the valves on the unit work so you get the right amount of suction . Having a clean filter in the shop vac is also very important .
 Truely a great product for the do-it-yourself person . Although moving the block back and forth to sand the walls is still a lot like work , the process was dustless as advertised . I must confess , though , that I replaced the hand sander block with a small Makita orbital dustless palm sander -LRB- it 's exhaust port fits the Sand and Kleen hose perfectly . -RRB- I , then , was able to sand a 12 x 30 foot room in less than an hour . This is a great product and I wish I had known about it years ago as I really hate wearing a dust mask .
 Anyone who does drywall near -LRB- or in -RRB- a living space needs this tool . It worked fine with my small 2 HP shop vac . The only thing that is better is to get the pole sander version , much easier to operate , much less tiring .
 It is a wonderful sanding system , not perfect , but so much better than without the sanding system .
 I recently was using the MT800 Sander for a major remodeling job . It was working very nicely until I dropped the sanding head off of a ladder and it broke . I called the 1-800 number to order a replacement and they offered to send me a new one for free . I even told them that it was my fault . That kind of customer service does n't happen too often .
 This sanding system acts like a water pipe , where a shopvac creates a vacuum in a bucket half filled with water . A hose to the bucket is connected to a hand sander , and the dust is sucked through the hose and trapped in the water.Simple , 95 % efficient , and priced right ! I bought two more after my first one finally broke from years of use . Since I use the system extensively in my contracting business , where I work in people 's homes , I 've got to keep from making a mess . Because I recognize this sanding system as being one of my most important tools , I bought a spare so that I would not be without one . About six months ago , things shifted in my van when I had to suddenly stop , and the hose connection on the lid got crushed . So I found I had to wait for a replacement lid to be shipped to me ... But the company quickly shipped a new lid at no charge ! Now , that is true customer service !!!
 Works beautifully . You do n't even need to use a mask , although I highly recommend one . It was a little loud at first but after 15 minutes of use , the whistling had disappeared . I opted to go out and purchase a small dryvac to use with it , but one of the attachments fit my household vac perfectly . The suction issue mentioned in a previous post can be corrected by following the instructions it comes with . The hose is great too because it 's so long , I can place the bucket in the middle of room and not have to move it once while working.The reason I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 was because of the lack of screens -LRB- only comes with 1 -RRB- , and the lack of some sort of pole attachment . Also , as mentioned in a previous post , I recommend using the 220 grit screens .
 This is my second Sand & Clean unit . I previously had the smaller capacity unit and it worked fine for me . This newer and larger size will work better and absorb more drywall dust . Of note , I add just a bit of surfactant -LRB- TSP -RRB- to increase the effectiveness of the dust-to-water-suspension action that this unit achieves . The sanding screen is the only component of this unit that functions just below expectations .
 Since I purchased a set of Miter Clamps I have never looked back . They are an absolute must for any body doing base board , crown moulding shoe moulding etc. . They are perfect for finished work , just glue and clamp no nails necessary . I have recommended Miter Clamps to anybody I know in the same scope of work as me . From my recommendations to the rest of the people in my company several have purchased the clamps and have found them a hugh success . There are other brands on the market , but trust me `` Ulmia 560-3250 miter Clamp '' are the best !
 The clamps are great for gluing miters . Ulmia also offers a finger style clamp which is great for smaller tasks and requires no spreader . To the reviewer that was so upset about the points . In the past if I have to clamp something that I do n't want holes in I use a sacrificial skin -LRB- door skin or MDF -RRB- on the clamping surface . I have used them for years and could n't imagine not having them .
 Nice for large trim jobs and crown returns , and if you angle the clip with the grain you can swell the dents out of bright work .
 This miter clamp set is a one of a kind gettup that is well suited for it 's duty . It does the job as it 's supposed to and aids it setting the perfect miter . The only thing I would like to see are a set of clamps that are closer together for smaller miters on base mouldings . All in all , this set is well worth the money if you plan on doing a large project .
 Recently I replaced all the facia boards and gutters on my house . The last step in this process was the replacement of the drip-edge , which is an easy enough concept , but in practical terms can be quite difficult due to the interference of the shingles . I found that the job would be much easier if I had three hands-one to push the shingle back , one to hold the nail , and one to swing the hammer . After a frustrating time of punctured shingles , scraped and banged hands , and bent nails I called it a night . I thought about renting a power nailer , but fortunately I first entered `` roof tool '' into Amazon 's search engine and found the roof snake-which handily solved the `` third hand '' dilemma . So now I have a tool that should work handily for lots of replacement jobs , ie shingles and siding , for about the cost of renting a power nailer for a day . The only problem I find with the tool is that the slot the nail enters and exits is a fair bit wider than a roofing nail head , allowing for some slop as you move the tool around under the shingle , but overall the tool is well worth the price and saves me a lot of frustration .
 works great for replacing siding as well ... especially the offset nailing lip .
 This falls under the category of `` why did n't I think of that ? '' It 's not one of those tools that you need every day , but it sure is handy when you need it . I 've used it twice so far and it being wintertime it sure has been great . No broken shingles , no bent-over nails . My hats off to the inventor !
 I remembered seeing this tool in a catalog and thought , what a great tool for roof repair . Could n't find this item in a catalog when I needed it , thank you Amazon for carrying it . I repaired our family cabin 's roof with this tool after two different storms and lent it to the technicans who installed the new woodstove and stove pipe . Up here in the wet Northwest , the shingles get cold and are easily torn and cracked when peeling them back to remove nails and to re-nail . The roof snake reaches easily under the shingles to remove nails with the claw end then holds the new nail and drives it home . Fast , easy and no torn shingles from the repair itself ! Excellent tool !
 works really well for starting the nail and then driving home without stressing the next course shingle . Well made , solid and compact and a good design . works for me !
 the roof snake helps to solve a roofers problem - how to place a nail under the lap of the shingle above without damaging that shingle . the roof snake accomplishes that job-I have n't seen any product like it available in 22 years of roofing . I gave it 4 stars because it could be a little better . The slot that holds the nail is a little too large for standard 11 ga roofing nails which means you have to be very careful and hold the bar very tightly to keep the bar from slipping off or pushing the nail over when you tap it with your hammer - its more of a problem than I expected . the pry bar end could be machined thinner and slightly wider for prying the shingles apart - my favorite prybar is an estwing I-beam bar - however I like the higher bend for more leverage . overall a very useful tool with room for a little improvement .
 great product , works great , another tool added to my pouch for fixing roofs and siding . a a a a a
 This is a decent tool , however it does not work as well as the video would let you believe . You really need to hold it perfectly straight to get it to work right . If you do n't hold the nail perfectly straight up and down the nail will bend and you will have to pull it out and use another one . However I still think it 's a great idea and I 'm glad I bought it . I 've only had it for a month and I 've used it several times already . It really does help to prevent smashing your fingers or tearing the shingle you 're trying to nail under .
 This is a useful tool for awkward shingled roof repairs . There are other ways of accomplishing the same thing , but a special purpose tool like this is efficient .
 These are the words uttered by a guy I worked with upon first using this tool.It 's a great tool . Excels at removing shingles but also there is nothing like it out there as far as I know for replacing a shingle . You slip the nail into the slot , tuck it under the shingle , and hammer on the offset part.My only complaint is there a bit too much slop with the nail so it can be difficult to drive it in straight . It takes some practice.Worth the purchase .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . I received it very quickly , however have n't used it yet , I plan on using it in the next couple of weeks .
 Received this and have used for about a month now . Works great . Had an old surge protector that got replaced with this . Making good use of it .
 I purchased this Surge Protector many months ago and am still using it . It has held up nicely and has done a great job of protecting my stuff during many power surges and storms . It provides 7 outlets , which is just great . I would have liked a little bit more space between each plug since some companies still make those ridiculous power blocks . At the price I paid for this surge protector , I am very happy with it . It is visually appealing as well . You will not regret this item.As with most surge protectors , they insure X amount of dollars worth of equipment if it is attached to it and dies cause of a surge . You will need to read the instructions on the process if you intend to do so . That usually means keeping the box and lots of documentation .
 The product has most things I wanted
 i bought this because i want to keep my electronics safe , this surge protector is a little big but the position the outlets are in is genious you get to plug lots of stuff on it.i 'm happy !!
 I had the Belkin SurgeMaster 7-Outlet Surge Protector for several years . I had my laptop , my desk lamp , printer , shredder , cellphone and a coffee machine plugged in it.About 2 days ago , coffee got spilled over the surgemaster ; in fact there was about a half a cup of coffee in he surgemaster as I was able to check later . As soon as I realized what had happened , I turned the device off . And then after about 5 mins I unplugged it from the wall outlet ; had to remove the bookcase since the wall plug was behind it -RRB- . I am happy that nothing was set on fire.I can not use my old surgemaster anymore , and that 's why I ordered a new one today . I saw that some customers complain about the design , i.e. that it wo n't fit many plugs . If that 's your concern , then you should look for a different device , but if you are concerned with safety , I highly recommend it . Of course , it does not mean that you should be careful , but if you are careful , then the device will work with you ! I highly recommend it !
 I have four surge protectors now and will probably purchase a fifth within the next year . These items work great and I have never experienced any problems with Belkin surge protectors .
 Love this surge protector . My favorite part is that you can slide shut unused outlets to keep the dust out . The cord corral thing is a nice feature too , although I do n't use if often . Also , I live in a very power surgey , power outagey area and have never had any problems . Belkin gives good protection for a reasonable price .
 I do n't know much about power surges but I 've never had anything happen since using Belkin so I always stick with this brand . -LRB- Years ago I had a TV get fried due to NOT using a surge suppressor when lightning struck a transformer box close by -RRB- . There is room for only one brick-sized plug with this model . It 's used in a room where a litter box is located so I like the fact I can close-off the openings not being used and keep the dust out . I wish it had the close-to-the-wall style plug , it has the regular style where it 's impossible to put furniture up against the wall .
 I really like this surge protector . First off , it is significantly cheaper than most quality surge protectors on the market . Yet this one is able to compete with them because it offers several features of the top-quality brands . From small details such as being able to cover unused outlet or the cord organizer at the edge , to large facts like the 50k insurance on the product this is a winning surge protector . There are only 2 changes I would make to this product . 1 -RRB- I would make the cord longer . It works for my use , but I could really have used a slightly longer cord . Second , I would like to have had the outlets a little further apart . While it is great to have one outlet completely separated , the other outlets are so close together that if you use anything bigger than a normal size plug , you ca n't use the outlets on either side of it.Overall fantastic product , but it just would have been nice to have an extra couple of millimeters between the outlets .
 It works ... I was looking for more than just a power distributor so this fits nicely into that need . Most of the `` cheap '' jacks see at Fry 's and stuffs are just power distributors so those ca n't handle surge in the wall current . I got one for the modem and routers . The second one for the TV and DVD player . Amazon got a competitive pricing and it ca n't be wrong with no tax and free shipping .
 I use these in many of the computer setups we have here at this location . They work great and we have never had a problem even with the power outages we have experienced . Plus , the price is great !
 I have no complaints with this surge protector . It looks good enough and does everything I want it to do .
 Good , though big plugs may block two slots , though one plug is farther away from the others so one big plug can go in without blocking two slots .
 As I said , it does its work well and the entire built is strong and does not have any part that would break easily unless you have a hammer in your hand !
 There 's not much more to say , other than this was easy to install and the test alarm button works -- obviously , without starting a fire I do n't know how well it would perform in a real situation . One reviewer almost discouraged me from buying it because the review stated that you have to &#34; unscrew &#34; it to change the battery . In fact , that wording seems misleading to me -- actually , there is a base that actually screws on to the wall and is semi-permanent . The unit itself twists off of the base with one wrist motion to change the battery . Personally , I prefer this , it 's easier to fumble with a battery with the unit in my hands rather than overhead while standing on a step stool . It twists back on with another quick twist of the wrist , super easy .
 Can not go wrong with Kidde . Consistently rated among the best and has worked flawlessly for me . I highly recommend this .
 I feel confident in using both of our alarms for the hall way areas.Haven ' t gone off yet , & I test the batteries regularly . Working great so far
 These are products that quietly do their work day after day , but if there is a problem , we can depend on them to let us know.When tested , they give a signal that would wake one up from a sound sleep ... . which is what you want . But on a day to day basis , they just hang out on the wall monitoring the air and winking to let us know they are not sleeping . We put our trust in God , but these are right up there as well . The Amazon price was better then shopping locally .
 It has been in for over an month and it went off when a pot boiled over , lots of smoke and fast moving ions , so it did its job in general . Glad I did not have to clean it up . The reset button worked quickly and did not need to be done twice .
 Excellent product . We set up minutes and now our house is safe . We love this product . Everyone should have it .
 My son showed me a video detailing the different kinds of detectors It was troubling to know that my family was not fully protected . They are better protected now
 Seems to work as advertised . It is supposed to detect smoldering fires as well as smoke . It has a good , loud alarm .
 would give it 5 stars , but thankfully I have n't had the true test made here at home
 Amazon product description indicates unit comes with 2 batteries and that red led flashes every 30 - 40 seconds to indicate unit is working . Neither is true about the PI9000 that I received from Amazon.Instructions for installation on sheetrock / drywall fail to mention that a 3/16 '' dia . hole should be drilled to insert plastic mollys.Addendum
 THE PRODUCT WORKS AS ADVERTISED I HAVE ONE IN KITCHEN AND THE ALARM IS VERY SENSITIVE-IT GOES OFF EVERY TIME THE OVEN DOOR IS OPENED AFTER BAKING AN ITEM EVEN THOUGH IT IS 15 FEET AWAY FROM IT I GUESS I SLIGHTLY BURN ITEMS IN THE OVEN GOOD TO KNOW THAT IT WOULD DETECT A REAL FIRE
 We have never had a fire . I really can not give a good or bad word . as they never have gone off .
 Its simple to install . Add the batteries , the house wires , and mount . It works well .
 I bought this Kidde P19000 because of a recomendazion fro Consumer Reports , so far it works great , time will tell though !
 Have n't had occasion to observe its function , except by using the test button . It will do well .
 I got this for my mother for Christmas and she loves it . Hopefully my parents wo n't ever come across a chance to use it !!!
 I 've had this smoke detector for over a year and it works great . Even if I make a little smoke in the kitchen when cooking , this thing goes off - but the hush button takes care of that.PROS
 Most smoke detectors detect smoke using the ionization process . As fires begin to burn more rapidly they produce larger and larger amounts of smoke , ash and other debris , which a detector will sense and then activate it 's alarm . Some fires burn very slowly at first and can be detected much sooner when the smoke crosses it 's photo-electric beam . The product is easy to install and even comes with batteries . I can sleep alot easier now . Definitely worth it .
 this alarm has both types of sensors , not just one , which is rated a better type of alarm . And it 's still working after buying it over a year ago .
 This is the only smoke alarm I could find that uses both an ionization detector and a photoelectric detector . Consumer Reports recommends both types for detecting different fire signatures . They also recommend changing a smoke detector every 10 years and a CO2 detector every 5 years . So , buying one of the more popular combination smoke and CO2 units and replacing it after 5 years is wasteful and more expensive . This combination smoke detector unit should be good for 10 years .
 I 'm a soap maker and I bought this alarm to put in my workshop above the electric hot plate where I melt my soaping oils . I 've put the burner on in the past and forgotten to turn it off , allowing the oil to overheat . Well , it went off last week , as the oils were just beginning to smoke . So , it works well . It 's easy to install and it looks as good as a smoke alarm can . And it is very reasonably priced . I 'm pleased with my purchase .
 I bought these DUAL Sensors to replace the older SINGLE detector units based on research and credible advice found on the Internet . The price was reasonable , the design accomodating -LRB- especially the ` HUSH ' button feature -RRB- and the installation a breeze . I plan to replace the others in my house with these units .
 Easy to install , dual sensor and cheaper than the big box store . What more could you want ?
 Even though there are many , many types of smoke detectors available , there really is n't much choice . Literature on fire safety says to get one that has both the ionization feature and the photoelectric feature . You see many that only have one feature or they combine it with a carbon monoxide detector . Get a smoke detector that focuses on its job . Get a separate carbon monoxide detector and locate it down at your level instead of high on a ceiling.The alarm is nice and loud , which I need . I wish it could wirelessly activate the other alarms when it goes off . You have to remove the smoke detector to change the battery , but that is very easy to do.Don ' t forget to mark on your long term calendar to replace it in 8-10 years . The ionization feature may not work after that .
 I had purchased the ` First Alert ' dual sensor alarm -LRB- with remote feature -RRB- , and it gave me nothing but false alarms , some in the middle of the night ! Not so with the Kidde . Plus getting to and installing the 9V battery was much much easier on the Kidde than on the unintuitive ` First Alert ' . This Kidde dual sensor alarm is the way to go if you want simplicity , ease of use , and peace of mind . I think I am going to purchase a few more now that I know this model works flawlessly .
 I did a lot of research before buying this alarm . I ended up buying two this model and the Kidde 900-0102 both are dual sensor . I placed this model in the basement and the other alarm upstairs because it has a voice alarm that I liked . Each unit installs in a snap !
 The common complaint about the dual sensor alarm is `` false alarms '' . I have had the five alarms installed for three weeks and no `` false alarms '' and my house has a working wood stove .
 A good detector that is easy to install and works well . The `` Hush '' button is very handy when you burn something in the oven and the alarm goes off but just push that button and it resets without going off for about 5 minutes . Very handy .
 No issues . Bought to replace an older detector that stopped functioning . No AC in the area so battery operated was my only option . Tests fine , no false positives . Been installed for ~ 2 months .
 They have finally done it ! By combining the two different types of fire detection technology , they have created the ultimate smoke detector . Plus , by including a `` Hush Button '' to quickly silence nuisance alarms , it eliminates the current practice of removing the battery to make the detector stop making that awful noise . With the inclusion of a battery and mounting screws , it allows for easy and fast mounting with a detector that is completely ready to go . And , the price is so reasonable that everyone who currently has a battery operated detector -LRB- s -RRB- should be looking into replacing the one they have with this one !
 we had the &#34; wonderful &#34; first alert CO/smoke combination detectors but they went off randomly at all hours ... they were utterly worthlessConsumer Reports recommends this brand and this model for smoke / fire detection so I bought these and a smaller separate CO detector -LRB- required by law in California -RRB- this is a much better solution and these seem like a reliable model and there have been no issues with false alarms or random tests
 Like the product because of it 's detection capabilities re smoke and heat . I would be glad to recommend it to anyone .
 Easy to install . These are very sensitive . A fire in the fire place sets it off and frying chicken or anything sets it off .
 I have this article for more than 1 year . There were no incidents of smoke or fire , so how do you review it ? I check the battery and test it every now and then and it is working fine . This is a peace of mind purchase .
 This is a great product , showed up on time and was as advertised . The only way you could improve this would be to have it run on the house hold current and have the battery as a backup .
 This is a Must have item for any RV ` er out there.No if 's , and 's or but 's about it.If you value your families or guest 's lives you need a High Quality Smoke Alarm in your 5th_Wheel , travel trailer or motor home !
 Hopefully we 'll never be in a situation where we need to know that they work ! But they are easy to install . And they arrived earlier than expected . Excellent service !
 Kidde PI9000 Battery-Operated Dual Ionization and Photoelectric Sensor Smoke AlarmI purchased two of these smoke alarms for myself and three for my brother . I hope they work if they are ever needed .
 So far , this product has not been used or even tested . I based my purchase on other reviews . However it was very easy to install , and very good priced for what you get . I had an ionization alarm before . I put this in my kitchen so it would detect both smoke and slow burning fires .
 Good so far , no false alarms when something in the over burns . And it worked good when the wife closed the fireplace damper and let too much smoke in .
 I debated with myself whether this review will help anyone.I ordered two of these and replaced two really old smoke detectors.Everything went well and as far as I can tell they are working.I installed them on 10/23/08 . I like the idea of dual sensors . The batteries were easier to install than the old system . The alarm would always go off when replacing those batteries . Nice touch that batteries came with the product.Since all went well I give them 5 stars . If anything happens to change this I will update my review . I do n't think it 's possible to change a given rating however .
 I just spoke to my fire department in South Burlington , Vermont , and legislation recently passed that bans these type of smoke detectors . New laws require photoelectric only .
 This detector is very sensitive , and that 's not a bad thing . It will go off in the spare bedroom when I 'm grilling outside . There 's no visible smoke in the house , but it picks up some form of particulate in the air . I makes me feel comfortable , even if it 's a pain to close those windows !
 I like that it is a dual mode detector . Photoelectric for slow smokey fires and dual ionization for fast fires . I put one in the garage and one in the basement -LRB- finished with fireplace -RRB- . They are small , easy to mount -LRB- they even fit in the existing screw mounts -RRB- and use a single 9v battery that is supplied . I prefer using a lithium 9v as they last longer , but an alkaline battery will do fine . they blend into the ceiling well and you 'll hardly notice it . Highly recommended .
 Installed this smoke alarm in mintues - I replaced an older failing unit and used the same holes to mount this alarm . Removal for battery replacement is easy . Alarm is loud which is good .
 The alarm started using one battery a month -LRB- not an AC alarm -RRB- after 3 years use . Called Kidde using the number on the smoke detector and they sent a free replacement . Not thrilled it started using batteries but they took care of it quickly with no problems .
 Have n't had this long but it seems to work well . Has a loud alert , and went off quickly after I burned some onion rings one day : -RRB- For 20 dollars I do n't think you could ask for more .
 I searched quite a bit before buying this device -LRB- actually 4 of them -RRB- . I wanted the new dual-technology sensor design for different fire/smoke types , ... but especially I wanted a device that showed itself to be least susceptable to false alarms due to humidity , cooking ` smoke ' from kitchen , etc. . This model seemed to have the best reputation on the internet . We 've owned other Kidde products . They are very well designed and trustworthy . I respect the company . Placement is very important , so I paid special attention to both the enclosed instructions and information I found on the internet with regards to how to properly place smoke/fire alarms within a home environment.One thing I do n't like as much ... . there are two button/switches on the face of the alarm . One is for ` HUSH ' , the other is for `` TEST '' . These words are molded into the plastic face next to the respective button , but you CA N'T see the words from where you 're standing . I used a black felt tip marker and put a ` T ' next to the TEST button . I can see the marker and know which button to push when doing the weekly test ... -LRB- yes , I actually follow the manufacturer 's recommendations and test them weekly -RRB- . The four detectors cost around $ 75 but well worth the price . I really like the fact that to change the battery you rotate the face plate about 1/8 turn and it releases from the base . Battery changes are extremely easy . The older design where the face plate snaps into a fitting was not always reliable ... . if you missed you could snap off the tab connector .
 I bought five of these in June 2008 . All of the alarms are still going strong without problems . They were very quick and easy to install . We had a chance to actually hear one in action when something on the stove started to smoke . The alarm worked fine , and thank goodness for the `` hush '' feature ! The price beats local stores after you figure in tax . I 'm purchasing 3-4 more of them now.UPDATE-1 / 26/13-All eight of the smoke detectors are still working great ! All I do is change the batteries once a year .
 Yes it is a battery model - easy to install - nicely made - easy to dis mount to change the battery . Works very well and no false alarms . Nice buy ! These dual sensor alarms used to be very expensive .
 This smoke alarm is battery operated and is very easy to install . The battery was included and the alarm tested good .
 This type of smoke alarm is recommended by most fire departments . It has dual sensors and can protect you and your family from a fire . It works perfectly . I have other Kidde alarms in my home and they all work well .
 I have an assortment of detectors deployed around the house , with as many as possible dual sensor smoke ones . The only exception are ones that are also CO detectors . It seems nobody makes a triple sensor unit : -LRB-
 This is a nice little unit . Very quick to install although I was n't overly impressed with the little plastic jobbers they included . I would n't want the job of trying to decide what mounting hardware to include with something like this as everything is different . This is well designed , as are several others , in that you mount the base seperatly and then the unit snaps into the base . Just pay attention to the units orientation to the base when assembled , install the base on the wall/ceiling/whatever and snap it in . No hassel , no sweat.The unit is n't quite as loud as I expected but should be adequate for the area it is designed to monitor . I have a 1300 sq ft , single level , three bedroom house and it makes sufficient noise . Larger areas would probably need multiple units anyway . I mounted it in the kitchen only about 10 ft from the range so I do get some false alarms . Hehehehe , so far been only when wife cooked :-RRB- . I usually just ask her if that means it is medium or well done . I 'll be moving it soon .
 Everything that I have read about sensors tells me that the dual ionization and photoelectric is the best -- or buy two sensors . This one was easy to install and has some nice features .
 Very easy to install . After a month in service it is still working fine . I would highly recommend this prduct .
 It was great . I 'm glad to have a Dual smoke alarm . This smoke detector is so easy to install , it took less than 5 minutes . I recommend it for all your rooms . It is well worth the price -LRB- it 's should be more -RRB- . Thank you to the seller and I recommend this dual smoke detector for your family.-EM , Family of six
 I chose this model because it is a combination photoelectric detector and ionization detector.Installation was straightforward and I have had no problems.The packaging was very informative about the features and functions of the unit.The English instructions and Spanish instructions were on separate pieces of paper , which is an excellent arrangement.The only negative is that it came with a cheap no-name battery .
 Picked it up on a discount via a company initiative to ensure everyone had adequate smoke detectors in their homes . It was easy to install and seems reliable .
 I sent 2 of these as a &#34; house gift &#34; after a visit . I found that my host did not have the dual system . It was a thoughtful gift that will be put to use ... and not re-gifted .
 brought this for the basement stairway so in case of a fire you could see the way out it installed easy and works great load and the light is very bright would recommened to all that are in need of a great smoke detector with a bright lite to see your way to saftey .
 It would be a shame to have people die because of not having both types of sensor . Each is faster under different conditions.Do buy this type .
 Easy to use and install . Only had it go off once from an errant cooking fiasco , but that ensured me that they do indeed work . I 'm happy with the device .
 I bought eight of these and they are working nicely . No false alarms so far and I have one in an iffy spot that gets hit with cold air when a door opens .
 Works great , really like the duel ionization sensor.I would recomend this detectorfor any one who wants to be sure if a fire or smoke condition is in your homeKidde PI9010 Battery-Operated Dual Ionization and Photoelectric Sensor Smoke Alarm
 I like these because they are supposed to alert us whether the fire is a fast moving or a slow smoldering one .
 Shipped quickly . Product is as advertised . Easy to install . I purchased this detector for the living room of our RV and A carbon monoxide/smoke detector for the RV bedroom . I Have not had for very long . No problems so far .
 works like a charm no problems , love the HUSH feature when it goes off when we burn something in the oven by mistake
 Have had two of these for years so when it came time to replace them , I was pleasantly surprised the exact same model was still available . So I ordered two more for less than the price I payed initially and am once again content that my home is protected .
 I installed two of these a couple days after delivery . That was a simple job , and there have been no false alarms . They replace First Alert dual models which were 10 - 12 years old . I checked reviews on the Kidde and the current First Alert versions . The latter did not give me much optimism , and their remote control feature is a non-starter for me .
 I purchased three of these devices , because recent local changes in the law require these installed in specific places before a home can be sold . I had read several reviews of this product before I bought it , several of which were negative . However , I have used Kidde ion-type smoke alarms for years , and have never had any problems.I like this unit because it is very easy to change the 9-volt battery . The battery slides in , rather than using the usual snap-on connector . The three that I purchased all work properly -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- - they respond to the `` TEST '' button , and are silenced by the `` HUSH '' button . It is too soon to know what the battery life will be , but I intend to replace the batteries arbitrarily when I have to set the clocks forward or back . The mounting plate fits the hole pattern for earlier Kidde alarms , making installation easy - no new holes to drill.It is always disappointing to discover the `` Made in China '' stamp , but I guess that today , virtually everything is made in the far east .
 We purchased these detectors to replace other models that were almost eight years old . I liked the duel sensors and the ease of muting false alarms . I had my 16 year old son hang all three detectors in our house by himself to get practice using a screwdriver . He was able to install the battery -LRB- came with detector -RRB- and hang each one without any trouble . We have tested them several times and they are all working and we have not gotten any false alarms . I hope this is a product we never have to use for `` real '' but I am comfortable that if we have a fire in our home this product gives us an excellent probability of being warned .
 Having combination ionization and photoelectric detector smoke alarms is the gold standard in most areas of the home -LRB- bathrooms , kitchens , garages , and attics are exceptions -RRB- . After doing extensive research , I was confident purchasing these for our home.Installation was a snap -LRB- about 5 minutes per unit -RRB- . Deciding where to mount the units on the ceiling was the hardest part of installation . No false alarms yet - the units have been in service about a month so far.The only feature that is lacking is the ability to network multiple units together . Some other Kidde models -LRB- and other brands -RRB- allow for units to `` talk '' to each other , either wireless or wired , to alert you of a smoke condition in another area of the home . But at this price point , networking is n't expected .
 So far this has been good with no false alarms . We had another brand that was beeping for no reason and noticed that this one seemed to be rated high so changed brands . We have n't had it very long but expect it to be good .
 I bought this dual smoke alarm about 4 years ago and it just started giving me some false alarms . Previously I was buying the cheep models and they would only last a year at most . I am very pleased with this product and am happy to find exactly what I want at Amazon vs having to track it down at a big box store . Super saving shipping , no tax , no gas driving around . I anticipate that my replacement that I am ordering today will have the same wall plate so I wo n't have to drill new holes ! A few years ago we had a weather situation and I had a few -LRB- chain -RRB- smokers in the same room with the alarm while we were burning oil lamps since we had no power . Yes , it did go off ! As it should have ! That gives me confidence that it would alert me if I do have a fire . I have not had a fire in my home to truly test it , thankfully ! This dual smoke alarm has served me well , I 'm a repeat customer .
 A good buy the price is good and consumer report says it is a good Battery-Operated Dual Ionization and Photoelectric Sensor .
 This is one of the top rated smoke detector by Consumer Report - has both ionization and photoelectric sensors . What makes it THE best is it is easy to disarm once it goes off , unlike the other brand . Surprisingly easy to install .
 This product is excellent for homes which do not have a wired connection in each room.Pros : - Amazon has a great price on these . - Easy to install - Seems to work great so far - No false alarms so far - Looks great for a smoke alarm - Dual sensors for maximum protectionCons : - There are four small plastic tabs on the mount which can be removed to cause the smoke alarm to lock onto the mount . Even after removing the small plastic tabs as outlined in the instruction manual , the smoke alarm will not always lock into place . It really is n't a big deal since this feature only makes it more difficult for someone to remove the smoke alarm from the mount by turning the smoke alarm . Regardless , the smoke alarm stays secure on the mount when left untouched .
 This dual sensor smoke detector , the Kidde PI9000 battery operated , is a basic , easy to install , sensor whose alarm , hopefully , will never need to be used . The so-called `` deal '' on Amazon was not such a good deal , however . These type of smoke detectors have a useful life-span of 10 years . The unit I received was already over 2 years old -LRB- the date is not visible until you open the plastic packaging -RRB- . So I received only 80 % of what I actually was supposed to have purchased . I 've noticed other items that are having this age problem , and am becoming very wary of Amazon .
 I gave this product four stars because it went off one night in my boys ' room , waking both kids , and I thought it was malfunctioning , and was frustrated . However , turns out the fan that runs every night was in the early stages of blowing the motor -LRB- balloon string stuck -RRB- . So it worked!However , ever since then , that particular alarm has not functioned properly . A week later , it went off and I could not even shush it . Had to take the battery out . I eventually realized it was detecting itself ! I smelled burning wires inside.These are very sensitive , and I think another person nailed it when he said that once they malfunction internally , it triggers the alarm , and is done . I guess that is preferable to the thing just dying and never knowing!There really are not any great choices out there . But this one DID sense the start of the fan failing ... and that is why I bought it .
 Great tools for hobbies . My Dad uses them for putting tin to make airplanes and loves them . 5 stars ! Highly recommended for sure
 This is the second one I have . The first is used in my shop , but until I ordered the new one , it often shared double duty in my kitchen . Now I have the best cutter in two of my favorite places . It 's worth it .
 This kit was a real saver during our painting projects . I used it while cutting in and making the borders between the ceiling and the walls . It does a really good job and i especially appreciate it since i had to do it while sitting high on the ladder under very high ceilings . The tray is a bit clumsy , but it was able to hold a roller , a 3 '' brush , some compound and a spatula . While being on 20 ' height i admired the coverage and ability to have everything i needed with me on a little tray . I was trying to buy the replacement cover - the same quality was $ 4.99 a piece . I 've just ordered another kit .
 These are the absolute ultimate showerheads.First of all , the water pressure they provide is phenomenal , even in low-pressure locations . Even with the flow restrict thing still in there.Second , the `` Volume '' knob allows you to lower the water volume without messing with the main taps , so you do n't lose that perfect water temperature.I 've been using Speakman Anystream 2000 showerheads for years . The only reason I 've ever had to replace one is because I moved , or I dropped one on the floor .
 good pressure , volume and spray , adjustments are easy and swift . Would recommend . Saw this at a Marriott and thought I have to have this for home
 Used this to replace an older showerhead . My building has low water pressure and there has been a marked improvement in my shower pressure . I like the four options available with this shower head . I also like how easily the shower head angles/swivels for cleaning . Still working great after two or three years .
 Speakman showerheads remind me of the showers of the old days - a full , satisfying blast of water . I think they do meet the low-flow standards , but somehow do it without feeling feeble , like so many others.This model is the simpler one , and does not have the variable effects -LRB- pulse , center stream , etc. -RRB- I have those on my other shower and they 're great too .
 I can answer the question the previous reviewer asked - at least in this one instance , the unit burned out and prevented current from reaching the protected equipment . I 've had my computer and digital phone on one of these for a year and a thunderstorm tonight blew it out but none of the equipment was damaged . I was in the room at the time and it was a huge crackle . I have no doubt there would have been plenty of damage without the surgemaster . Definitely a worthwhile cost / benefit trade-off in my book .
 A nicely finished , compact , and economically convenient product . Useful for situations where more than one component plug into the same outlet , such as a table holding a printer , fax machine , and pencil sharpener , which is my case . Of course it does not have the same high level of protection in terms of joules that a bulky $ 75 power bar has . So the question is whether the unit has enough protection for most power surges . The instructons do n't help you answer this , not the instructions for this unit or for any other surge protector I have seen . The instructions for this unit are pretty skimpy generally . For example they are silent on what happens when the unit gets a surge bigger than it can handle ... does it simply let the execess pass through ? In that case it would be reusable -LRB- though the protected component could be harmed -RRB- . Or does it `` burn out '' by opening the circuit permanently -LRB- so it would not deliver current to the protected component after the surge ... if that is the case , food in a refrigerator could spoil , for example -RRB- .
 This is a fantastic product to use for applications when your not using alot of electronics . Great with laptops and portable devices .
 These surge protectors are a life saver . I live in a mobile home and when a bad storm comes through the area the surge protector does it job . They have saved me alot of money . I have also reccommended this to others.Thanks , B. Hicks
 I have no idea what the little phone cord thing and some sort of ... attachment thing are for ... once you remove them and just plug it in the wall its works as expected .
 I purchased the item because it was slim enough to fit behind my flat screen . It worked out perfectly and helped me hide my cables for a cleaner looking installation .
 Not much to say about a surge protector other than this one actually protects against LIGHTNING where as most others do n't . It 's great ! The two lights show you whether or not the outlet you are using is grounded or not as well . I definitely recommend it !
 I only needed a surge protector - I must not have read the description well , because there is a place for phone connectors - just more than I needed . Otherwise a fine product -LRB- so far -RRB- that came within a reasonable amount of time .
 Perfect for those areas where you only have so much space . I bought this one mostly because I trust the brand .
 I have this hooked up to my phone , so I am using the telephone in/out jacks . It has worked for years without a hitch , and that through power surges . However , the 3-prong , grounded outlets should have been spaced just a tad further apart . If I hook even a narrow APC on one side , there is only room for one more on its farthest side . The middle outlet becomes inaccesable . Also , if one wants to use this unit in let 's say a bathroom , one probably does n't want all the phone jacks there at all . It would be nice to have this in a different version without those jacks . I know I ca n't post prices , but from what it is selling for at this time , I will say I paid 1/6 as much . Maybe these are starting to become hard to find ? I would certainly find out before buying here . Usually Amazon is competitive , but not at all on this item .
 We needed a small protector , mainly for the cordless phone at the cottage . We have been through several cordless phones there because of storms , this has saved our phone over the last year . Impossible to find locally .
 We are using this surge protector on our washer and dryer . It 's been working for a few months now and so far , so good . It 's a good value for protection for our appliances . If and when we encounter any problems , I will update this review .
 Little green light comes on , has phone surge protection / splitter . Seems well made and Belkin is a good name , plus it was inexpensive . Finding reviews of actual people who took a lightning hit on any of these types of items was rare , but there was one or two on the single outlet version if my memory is correct , so I transferred some of that to this one . I was a bit concerned about the one review where it would have probably caused a fire once the power was restored , but someone saw it and put it out or whatever . There was another reviewer that said they had a lightning strike and it did fine , so I am not really sure what to think . I hope it works .
 I hate having those power strips hanging all over the floor just when I need to use one extra outlet . This happily converts my wall outlet from 2 to 4 . The phone jack protection is nice if u are in a lightning prone environment . But if you live in the west coast - probably never necessary unless your building has very old wiring or you live somewhere like Tracy where weather can get out of whack . The prongs fit firm , not loose like other outlets . And it is very clean - all matte white , which blends into everything . For those of you who need more outlets , I would get the 9 plug outlet which converts two outlets into 9 . this requires a screw driver to take off the original face plate and then screw on the 9 outlet one . Real easy .
 I have my washer & dryer connected to this surge , both are functioning well and my appliances are now protected .
 I also use it for planting ground covers , seedums , etc. . Works great . I refuse to carp about minor price differences , but I paid under $ 20 for mine at Home Depot .
 Excellent tool ... I had 100 bulbs to plant and could n't spend the time on my knees to dig that many six inch deep holes . The tool is very well made and made it easy . Suspect my heirs will be using it for many years to come . Thank you for such an honest tool.Clark E. CoffeeSan Francisco
 Great tool ! Love the all steel construction and durability . Works well and helps me plant my plants quickly . Can easily dig all my holes and then just drop my plants in and finish the job fast .
 Ultra efficient blueish LED light bright enough to be an effective night light . The head spins around so you can direct the light where it 's most needed . Not really much point in having it automatically shut off .
 I purchased a light similar to this one previously that did not use an LED , and it burned out within a month . This one has an LED , with an estimated life in excess of 100,000 hours . The light cast is a pleasant bluish white , and there is a light sensor that can be aimed up or down , depending upon whether you want the light to be on in the daytime.The head swivels , which makes it ideal for lighting steps.The price is reasonable , especially compared to the previous light , which I bought at Home Depot and cost much more.I recommend visiting Maxxima 's website . It appears to be a quality company .
 I used Amazon.com 's search feature for a night light that uses an LED instead of the conventional incandescent bulb because like all incandescents , they are prone to burning out in a relatively short time . I also liked the idea that LEDs generate far less heat and consume less power than an incandescent bulb.Amazon.com 's search results listed the Maxxima MLN-10 and I ordered four of them . I 'm very satisfied with the appearance , quality , features , and light output . I like the adjustability of being able to rotate between the two lenses for light output and also reversing the base when the night light is plugged in to orient the daylight sensor either up or down in the socket for sensitivity . Nice!The only advertised feature that I think differs slightly from the product description is that the light output has only the slightest bluish tint and is mostly white light . It is still subdued enough so as not to be too bright so this is fine with me .
 These things are great . They 've got a nice blue-ish color to them versus the ugly yellow of some lights , rotate so that you can direct where the light can go and cheap to operate.A couple of things to note - these are only sold 1 per package . I had looked at them at Home Depot and they were twice as expensive , but found out after I received my Amazon order that I only received 1 for the great low price.The photo eye can be positioned up when you plug the night in so that the light turns on and off or down and the light will stay on all the time . Cool little feature to use depending on the space you are trying to light.Thanks Amazon !!
 The functionality to price ratio of this device alone wins this product 5 stars . The quasi-ability to direct the light in a desired direction makes this light even nicer.Its especially nice so that you can usually eliminate the annoying direct glare of a light source when you are half asleep while walking around at night -LRB- thanks kiddos !!! -RRB- . This feature almost makes it an nice bedroom light.However , what the picture does not show you is some long openings on the other side of the circular window . These long openings are almost like a cat with really sharp claws had swiped some long gashes out of the other side . So , when I pointed the window down to the ground - thinking that there would not be a direct light source in my eyes at night - there are bands of light that stretch across the ceiling.The sensor on this one is the fairly responsive . The room it is in has only one window , and the light turns off in the day when the blinds are open.All in all , a steal of a deal for an LED night light!Did I mention that it has NO heat , unlike the incandescant things that I burned my fingers on in my youth ? Got ta love this technology !
 I use these to illuminate my stairway landings . They produce plenty of light for safety 's sake . Being an LED , it should last a long , long time while using virtually no electricity.It 's also nice that it has a light sensor , and turns itself off when not needed.A great little product . And yes , the light is basically white with a bit of a blue tint .
 Pros : - LED consumes very little power . You will love it if you think green . - LED lasts a long time . Good for 100,000 hours - You can direct the light aiming by rotating the top - Light sensor turns off the LED during the day - Not burning hot to touch as compared to incandescent bulbs - PriceCons : - May not be enough light for your liking - Light is bluish white
 Aesthetically speaking , this night light looks somewhat cheap ; when on , you can see the internal light shine through the supposedly opaque white plastic cover . It looks decent when it 's off , though.It 's bright enough so you can see where you 're walking . It 's not too bright at all . I use it in my hallway which is otherwise totally dark at night.They are easy to install ; just plug them into the socket and they 'll automatically turn on when it gets dark . My complaint with other night-lights is that they turn on while the room is still bright enough to read a newspaper in . This night light turns on only when it 's getting dark enough that I actually need light.If you have poor eyesight or if need as much light as possible , here 's a trick ; install the night light up-side down where the photovoltaic -LRB- sp ? -RRB- sensor points down . The light bouncing off the floor is darker than light coming from windows/ceiling so your night light will turn on earlier . No skill needed ; just unplug the night light , turn it 180 degrees , and plug it back in.For the price you ca n't go wrong and I give it 5 stars . I had these for 3-4 months now and I would use them again . ==== Annual Update ==== 1 year later the lights still work as new . No burn-outs or breakages , although a 1-year-old boy that we babysit keep pulling it out . If I were to start over , I 'd rather get an electrical socket/faceplate with a night light permanently recessed -LRB- can not be pulled out -RRB- . Such products are available on this website .
 Very nice little night light . Uses LED , so it runs cool , and uses very little power . Cool `` bluish '' light , that you can point any direction using the rotating bezel . Photocell sometimes does not turn the light off if ambient light is not bright enough , such as when you have the light in a semi-lit hallway . Still , a great little product .
 Tired of flipping on-and-off lights to move around my home at night I decided to purchase about a dozen of these nightlights . I plugged at least one in each room and wow - they really do the trick . They cast a nice , soft glow all through the house and hardly use any electricity at all.I put one each in each of my kids ' rooms as well . They 're great for children because they do n't heat up like a normal bulb does.On a more personal note , just one in the bathroom lets me ` get up and go ' at night without blinding myself by switching on the lights !
 Highly pleased with the lights . They are actually brighter that you might think - we have one in the master bath -LRB- and two in the garage -RRB- and we have to shut the door partially to block some of the light ! Highly recommend these for use and power savings .
 Unusual shape for a night light but we like it . Shuts off during the day , starts early evening . Can be rotated to face up or down and it looks -LRB- probably just me -RRB- somewhat robotic or extra-terrestrial . Anywhoo , it works just fine and is a proud member of our recent new and improved collection of night lights , which include other kinds that do colors in a cycle and one that puts out a show of lights at night . Never occurred to me these things could be fun but they surely are . 4 Stars , no less .
 We got these because we had a 5 week old baby at the time , and needed to get up every few hours during the night . We did n't want to turn on lights because we wanted to keep the baby as sleepy as possible . These lights let off enough light to see what you are doing without being obnoxiously bright . You can rotate the light to shine up , to the side , or down , so that it 's not shining in your face . They are also great because they automatically turn off during the day when you do n't need them , and they turn back on at dusk , saving energy . A very useful product and we have them all over the house now .
 This Maxxima night light is nothing less than stunning ! I had high expectations but eventually it surpassed them . It provides very nice and powerful enough light , it is very cheap to operate and the price is great . I think that this is one of the best purchases I have ever made . Definitely , take advantage of this offer .
 These work great in my cabin and in my RV . Keeps this old man from banging his knees into furniture or stubbing my toes on things.Great , not too bright , not too dim . I just hope they have a long use life.Stephen
 Despite the unusual appearance , this is very convenient and works well . My kids love theirs .
 The shape , blueish emitting light , and photoelectric eye are the reasons I bought three of these.Compared to a G.E. LED model that is similarly shaped like the MLN-10 , this night light is more sensitive to the direct light which is what I wanted -- a night light that will turn off when I turn my ceiling light on.Also , the MLN-10 is cool the to the touch whereas the G.E. model is hot for a LED .
 Great little light . Puts out enough illumination for getting around the house at night after waking up but , not so bright as to be anoying or to jar you out of a sleepy state if all you have to do is go to the potty.Have bought several and plugged them in all over the house . Well worth the small cost of purchase and pennies a year to operate if they only prevent one banged shinbone in the dark , let alone a more serious injury from a fall .
 Works great . Casts a cool white light . Kill a watt power usage meter was unable to measure kilawatt per hour becasue it was soo low . My estimte would be 15 - 20 cents per year .
 After my last review , I found a package by my doorstep . It was a replacement LED night light , to replace the one that had failed in my previous order . Completely out of the blue ! Really , at the price , I considered this to be basically a throw-away item . But Maxxima still sent me a replacement . That was just awesome . Next time I 'm looking for any kind of light , I 'm going to see what Maxxima has first .
 This is a very nice light for the price . I bought four of them for various places in my house . I 've had them about 2 months now . They are activated when it gets dark and turn off when the lights come on or enough sunshine shines through the window . I put one in my kitchen , one in the entry way , one in the hallway , and one in the living room . They have swivel heads so you can direct the light where you want it to shine . They are also energy efficient and have very long lasting lights . Plug them in and forget about them . I was very pleased .
 I got 5 of these for my parents after my mom fell down the stairs due to the house being too dark at night . They are perfect for my dad because they use VERY light electricity . One small complaint is the sensor seems to be a bit sensitive , and when in a certain hallway in our house , it stays permanently lit . good buy , great value
 These lights are very handy but they are not as bright as I hoped . The directional option is nice but it makes the light not focused unstead of duffused over a wide area .
 Multi Directional , Bright , Takes up minimal Outlit space , Provides enough light to navigate in the bathroom , bedroom & kitchen w/out turning on more energy using main lights at night ! Recommended to Friends & Family
 These produce just enough light to guide you around without being overbearing . Great color and the sensor automatically turns it off when I open my blinds . Fantastic light !
 Four of these have been in use constantly in various rooms in my house for over two years now and I have not had to replace a single one . All four of my lights use less energy than a single incandescent-bulb type night light , and they last 20 times longer too . I highly recommend these for peace of mind and reliability .
 Rec 'd 4 as Valentine gift - one bath/two kitchen/one den - no more snapping lights on/off when ` raiding fridge ' - -LSB- and running up elec. bill -RSB- Maxxima MLN-10 LED Night Light with Sensor -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- We do unplug the kitchen ones each daytime when sunny - but not necessary as they do go off as soon as it is light enuff or bath light turned on - but enuff light that one does n't need to do that now for nightime pit stops.Limited outlets in kitchen for appliance use is the another reason 2 in kitchen get unplugged . They set on flat-light surface and also when in place - another unit can be plugged in.I recommend these for seniors in particular - and the ` swivel ' function is great - Maxxima MLN-10 LED Night Light With Sensor
 I purchase two of these lights because I was so impress with the light it produced , Not real bright , but not very dim . I use one in the bathroom and I do n't have to turn on the main light to see at night . they do n't get hot , that is a plus for me my old night light got pretty warm . they also give off a nice blue light .
 The lights provide good lighting and the swivel head permits directing the light . I purchased more for other locations in the house .
 This night light gives out a lot of light for it 's size , turns out during the daylight and is very energy efficient . I would highly recommend using it .
 This is a great nightlight for a small bathroom or hallway . The illumination is the typical blue-white color of LED 's , not intense but more than adequate for small areas , particularly for the dilated pupils of half-awake eyes . The plastic housing stays reassuringly cool to the touch . The light-sensor does require a fairly high amount of ambient light to switch off the LED , so in most bathrooms -LRB- even those with windows -RRB- the light will stay illuminated 24/7 . However , the high-efficiency of LED 's should make the power consumption negligble .
 I am pleased with this light . The output is on the low side - which is just what I wanted . The swivel head is useful to put the light where you want . It seems to be very well made . I have no reason to think this will not last years .
 I bought this set of L-wrenches to do my own bike wrenching . I use them often and could n't be happier with this product . After years of use they still hold up well . Quality is as good as my brother 's Park Tools set but a fraction of the price .
 I use these for the robots that I work with since everything is in metric . Easily accessible and great quality metal . I do not ever having to worry about these getting worn . The only downside to these is the slot for the 1.5 mm . Sometimes it tends to escape its slot .
 I went to 2 other 1.5 mm Allen wrenches trying to take apart my canon D10 . I was beginning to think that canon has some custom size they were using . The edges wear very easily on the cheap wrenches , especially if you are going to work with the smaller sizes . Finally ordered these an the wrench fit perfectly and finished the job with no signs of wear . Great item .
 if you use hex wrenches you will need a set of these . they are longer than normal wrenches and provide great leverage for breaking bolts loose . great product from bondhus again .
 Excellent quality at an unbelievably low price . They could triple their price and they still would be a good value -LRB- Maybe pro mechanics would take them more seriously as well -RRB- . A perfect example of American manufacturing at its finest .
 These are the best , the long handles give you a lot of extra torque and the finish is very professional
 Bondhaus are the same wrenches that are re-branded by `` Park Tool '' and sold at 3 times the price at bike shops . They have the ball on the long end . Great fit . Great value . The best hex wrenches around , IMO .
 I still have wired computer components . I wo n't go the wireless route until my CPU gives out . This unit enables most of the components to be wired into a central source . It allows individual control of 4 units . Very handy central switching station .
 We had been looking for this item and were fortunate to find it through Amazon . It arrived in a timely fashion and was exactly as descrbed .
 I wo n't tell you how many LED lights I own , because my wife would shoot me if she guessed how much I 've spent . But suffice it to say , I 've seen many design approaches and features applied to LED pocket sized lights , and I believe this light will satisfy me for some time to come , especially at the current bargain price under fifty dollars offered by Amazon , BatteryJunction , and others.So here 's what it has to offer to a non-military , non-police , but demanding civilian user like myself : - Three very usable light levels , call them bright , normal , and very low , which provide 0.5 hour , 4 hours , and 240 hours of battery life from a single Lithium cell . Where bright can blind an assailant , normal is brighter than your average three D-cell light , and low will let you read a concert program , navigate at night in an unfamiliar hotel room , check on your sleeping baby without waking her , or read War and Peace through a multi-night power outage . And , there 's an instantly available strobe mode that can confuse an adversary or warn off oncoming motorists if your car breaks down and you 've used up your last road flare . In practical terms , think of the battery capacity as offering 100 bright , ten-second light blasts plus over 100 hours of continuous dim light . - Convenient flush-mount tail cap switch with both momentary-on and stay-on capabilities . So you can easily click hold for a half second to find the aspirin or read the trail marker , and maximize the utility of that half hour of bright time , by using it up in only teeny tiny chunks . The flush mount switch lets you set it on a table , pointing at the ceiling , for use as an area light . The wasp waist body shape makes it easy to retrieve and hold the light with two fingers and operate the switch with your thumb . - A very sturdy looking pocket/belt clip that is oriented to let you clip the light to a baseball cap for hands free work light or trail walking situations , and a very functional looking heavyweight nylon belt pouch . - A case size of about three inches long that inconspicuously and comfortably disappears into your pocket , yet is big enough and hard enough to use as a striking weapon by even untrained self defenders . From the look and feel of it , running your car over it would pose a much greater threat to your tire than to the light . And , its amply sealed with O rings to keep water out for quite a while at quite a depth . - A rational click sequence to move from bright to normal to dim with two , or three clicks . The initial click gives you the bright level , which is useful for at-risk situations . Whether that choice of initial switch-on at bright level is optimal depends on your personal needs and tastes . It can be , and often has been , endlessly debated . If you ca n't stand it , you could consider theFenix PD20at about the same price , and also a very very good light but with no very very low light level . - A flawless beam pattern with a tight spot at the center surrounded by a flood beam that is totally uniform . No other light I have ever owned or tested can match it . - A made in China label that may explain the current low cost , but may offend some . For them , Novatac , who makes the Storm , offers a nearly identical light made in the USA -LRB- NovaTac 120T -RRB- at over twice the price . You pay your money and you take your choice , and it 's nice to be offered a choice.This model is claimed to have only limited availability . So if it appeals to you - better get it while you can.PS
 Great purchase . Especially with the current NovaTac promotion . Great for security and personal defense.Always good Amazon service included .
 A cap for a glue bottle appears to be a such simple thing to discuss , yet it can be a time-saver if used as it is designed . When buying the smaller bottles of glue , you find the cap that slides down the tip while inserting a plastic retainer . This is the initial flaw of the of that design . I would find myself spending much time cleaning the glue from the tip after short amonts of time . The FastCaps eliminate that problems because the tip is sealed . This eliminates the need to hourly cleaning the tip from dried glue . These caps are simple and do the job as it is designed to do.FastCap Babe-Bot Red Caps , 5 Pack
 This was designed and manufactured to work in my Hewlett Packard Designjet 510 and it works just as good as any I have used in the past
 What can I say ? While ink is ink , name brand ink is certainly much more expensive . Saving money only has so much value , so I do n't wish to test the waters of savings on such an expensive printer -LRB- DesignJet 500 42 '' -RRB- , so use ONLY HP inks . At a 37 % savings and free 2nd day shipping -LRB- with Prime -RRB- , it 's a great deal .
 HP makes the best cartridges in the world . This is one reason why the ink-jet and design-jet line of printers helped make HP the leading seller . And , those who know quality ink never settle for refills with non-OEM ink , or buy re-manufactured cartridges . This generous 69 ml cartridge is quality all the way . At these low prices for outdated cartridges that still give 100 % performance , you 'd want to buy an HP printer just so you could print for the lowest cost possible .
 It does what it should do , keeps out the rain and bugs , but the nails rust soon after installing it , so if you get it in white , you will see the rust . I got dark brown , so it does n't show too bad . I also ran a bead of silicone under it before installing it since it tends to be a little wavy when you nail it to the wood .
 This our excellent lights but they are shipped with cheap 600 mAh batteries which seldom make it through the night and which give weak lighting even after dusk.I have now purchased more than 100 of these lights and have experienced a 10 % failure right right out of the box -LRB- but with fully charged Amazon batteries installed -RRB- . The main failure mode is the inadequate mounting of the LED -LRB- 9 failures -RRB- and faulty auto-off switches -LRB- 2 failures -RRB- . Buy these and replace the cheap batteries with AmazonBasics AA NiMH Precharged Rechargeable Batteries -LRB- 8-Pack , 2000 mAh -RRB- and you will get brighter lights that last all night . Note these Amazon batteries provide more than 3X as much power as the cheap ones which come with these lights
 These lights are really nice.They come partially assembled . A top solar/battery/light assembly , a base with the clear plastic , a pole , and a spike.You flip the on switch in the top assembly and attach it to the base . Then insert the pole into the base , find the location where you want to put the light and pound the spike into the ground , and finally , slip the pole onto the spike.Here in Virginia , in the Spring at least , a days charge really does light up the light all night long.Now , if I could get my mowing company to stop mowing over them I 'd be good .
 I work on machines all day with these . I used to go through a set of allens about every 3 months because the really small ones would round off . These do n't seem to have that problem on the small sizes.You can not go wrong with the briteguard finish , they are far superior to the black finish ones .
 This is an absolutely amazing tool . If you have a need to desolder PCB components more than a few times a year , you NEED this Desoldering tool . I have used this product for several months , primarily doing laptop DC jack repairs or replacing faulty capacitors.Construction : It 's not too heavy , but has a nice solid feel . It 's all plastic , but of course the heating element is metal . Looking at it , you may think that it would be odd to hold or use , but this is absolutely not the case . It fits in your hand nicely , is well balanced , and is not at all cumbersome to use.How it works : When you first unpack the 808 , you should read the instructions ! There are vital maintenance steps that are necessary to prolong the life of the tool . Once you 've read up , plug in the 808 and in 1-2 minutes , you 're ready to go . The tip of the gun is similar to a wide soldering tip , but hollow . You use the tip of the gun to heat up the connection , wait a few seconds , and pull the trigger . The solder is sucked into a storage tube on the gun . Vacuum power is very strong so you get quick , clean desoldering . One tip I learned is to add a little extra solder to stubborn connections using your regular soldering iron before desoldering . The holes are completely clean and free of solder when you 're done and the component literally just falls off the PCB.Cleaning : You have to clean the tool after every use . Sucked-up solder is stored in a tube that releases with a simple pull -LRB- but it 's very secure so it wo n't come off on its own -RRB- . There is a plunger tool to keep the hollow tube clean . This is best done while the tool is warm . There are also two types of filters that need changed every so often , but Hakko nicely included 4 extras of each . The book also recommends removing the back cover to clean the vacuum occassionally . This is removed with a single screw.What it comes with : The tool comes with just one tip and one cleaning plunger , but you do get extra filters , which should last a while . I found the included tip to be too small for my primary purpose -- removing laptop DC jacks . I ordered an extra set of tips , 3 different sizes plus 3 plungers -LRB- all sold separately on Hakko 's website -RRB- for about $ 30 . The included storage case is nice . it 's functional , but not super durable . Certainly good enough for storage while not in use . It has room to store the tool and all your accessories.Summary : Removing DC jacks -LRB- which have from 6 to 9 different connections -RRB- used to take me 10-15 minutes by hand using only a soldering iron and copper wicking braid . With the Hakko 808 , that job is reduced to 1 minute . Up to 2 minutes max if I need to add extra solder -LRB- for some oddly shaped connections -RRB- or if I have to swap out the tip for larger connections . Do the math and if you need to desolder on a somewhat regular basis , especially if you get paid -LRB- or cost your company -RRB- by the minute , you NEED the Hakko 808 desoldering gun . It will quickly pay for itself in saved time !
 I got this recently to perform some work on some old computer equipment and monitors I had floating around . Made what would have been several hours of de-soldering take mere minutes . If you spend any amount of time working on equipment with through-hold components I would highly recommend getting this item . Just do n't accidentally confuse the cleaning pin for your thin solder after cleaning the tip out it holds heat really well .
 So I picked up this thing anticipating the replacement of some caps & other components of a phono pre-amp . Have n't tackled that project yet , but I was assembling some Arduino boards the other day & had to remove one of the 8-pin headers . I ca n't imagine how much of a pain this would have been with an old-school wick or even a bulb-sucker thing . The Hakko saved my day ! Granted , the tip was a bit too large for the .1 spaced pins , but it only bent things slightly , so no real problems.I have no reference for other desoldering products , but this thing easily cleaned out all the stuff from the pins & perfboard ... it looked totally clean after !
 If you do any amount of de-solder work , save yourself time , money and aggravation , and do n't buy one of those manual plungers . The Hakko 808 may be expensive , but no more than any other quality tool that you have in your toolkit . If you take care of it , I suspect this tool will last for many years.The kit came with several filters , one 1mm tip and a 1mm tool to clean the tip . For me , this is more than sufficient . There are other tips available , as well as plenty of replacement supplies.Once you plug it in , it will be ready to use in only a few 5 minutes . There is no on-off switch , nor is there an in-use indicator , so you just need to be aware of this . There is also no tool rest , which can make it awkward if you need to set it down for a while . You might want to invest in some kind of a jig to rest it while not in use.The desoldering gun makes an extremely clean removal . Some components will literally fall right out . If there has been capillary action during the original soldering , there be some small traces of solder left , but some judicious work can easily break the joint without harming the traces or lifting the land.Just like a soldering iron , make sure it is tinned and cleaned with a damp sponge or a scouring pad . Cleaning the tip is generally easy , and you want to clean it several times during a session . The cleaning tool gets pushed thru the tip while it is hot . You do n't need to force it , nor go any deeper than an inch or so . If you attempt to force the cleaning tool , you may may risk breaking the cleaning tool inside the tip . I learned this the hard way , requiring a new tip.At the end of your session , deeper cleaning is done by letting it cool down , removing the tip , and using another gouge-like tool which fits perfectly inside in inner tube.All in all , you ca n't go wrong with this .
 Much cleaner joints than I was ever able to achieve using wicks , bulbs , or other non-powered tool . The tip heats up quickly and the included tip was able to handle the thru-hole caps , fuses , and chips I 've been dealing with . The carrying case is OK and there is a cleaning pin included . Unit feels solid and well made . I bought the optional stand to hold it since the included tip cover was n't a practical option while I am working as it would 've required me to free my other hand to put it on . Unit is made in Japan.CONS
 Have a electronic shop that do alot of desoldering especially with micro processor ic from 40 to 80 pins it sure speeds up production and very easy to use .
 It 's very easy to use , but be careful do n't touch the board because of the high temperature
 What can I say that others did not do so already ? Great value , compact , superb built quality , strong suction , easy clean up and lots of accessories . All this backed by a legend in the industry . If you are in the market for one JUST buy it and enjoy !
 The Hakko 808 is huge time saver over traditional methods , such as desoldering braid and mechanical solder suckers . I bought a Radio Shack desoldering iron/bulb combo , which worked ok , but it could n't beat the speed and precision of the Hakko . Here are some pros and cons I discovered while using the tool : Pros : - Initial warm-up time is about 5 mins . - very quick - Kit comes with replacement filters and tools to clean the tip . - Desoldering components is quick and accurate - Less fumes than using braid -LRB- wick -RRB- or a solder sucker - Tips seem to be durable . I 've used the gun several times now , and I have n't had to replace the tip yet - I paid about $ 180 , which is a very good price for a tool that saves as much time as the 808 - Good construction - no evidence of cheap parts having been using in building the toolCons : - The tip clogged on me after a couple uses - it took a bit of work to unclog - Included tips only have a large enough opening to desolder components with standard pins . I had to improvise to remove a heat sink from a PCB , for example . - The vacuum pump is a little loud - ca n't be used in a quiet environment.Overall , the Hakko is a very good tool and a must for anyone who solders on a regular basis . I use the 808 several times a week , and I ca n't imagine going back to the traditional methods .
 This is a great tool if you 're going to be doing rework . I 've tried solder suckers and solder braid , but usually ran into frustration . This tool makes rework so much easier . One thing to be aware of is that are several pieces that are consumable and will need to be periodically replaced if you use it extensively , such as filters.During use , it gets warm in the hand but not uncomfortably so . The pump works well and beats using a manual solder sucker by a wide margin . If you only need to unsolder one or two connections , you might not want to plug it in and wait for it to warm up , but it 's a life saver if you 're unsoldering many connections .
 never knew this existed until trolling through one of the online electronic forums . someone mentioned this item so i ordered it . talk about making things so freaking easy to unsolder . very cool product !!
 I restore classic arcade games and pinball machines . The Hakko 808 is now my go-to tool . It takes all the effort out of re-capping monitors and repairing PCB 's for my arcade games , and removing coils and switches from my pinball machines . What used to take a few hours now takes about 30 minutes ! I honestly do n't know how I lived without this thing for so long !
 This wonderful tool put the two other similar tools that I have to shame.It 's twin diaphram vacuum pump really pulls the solder out from around through hole part pins.My initial use was to remove a power jack with 6 soldered pins from a laptop computer.This tool made the job easy.Hakko Desoldering Kit , With 808 Gun , 120 VAC
 Looked for days for a product that would do the work as it was meant to do at a very reasonable price , This was the big question . I took the chance and was delighted that I did . My hat 's off to Hakko . A great product . Thanks.Harvey
 Received the kit on time . It has some useful accesories , a simple case , and some replacement filters.About the performance
 The Hakko 808 is a must have tool on the repair bench !!! I own a automotive repair/restoration shop and do lots of custom electrical repair on both new and older vintage vechicles . I am also a amateur radio operator and restore vintage tube gear for myself and other ham operators across the country . This is a MUST have tool . Thanks Hakko !!!!!
 Lightweight , low vibration and very efficient if used properly . Maintenance should be done periodically , as indicated by the manual . If the process of unsoldering components is common in their daily work , the Hakko 808 will do the job without breaking the wallet in others that cost twice or more . .
 I have used this several times to salvage parts from an unused circuit board and to fix solder problems on some projects I 've worked on.Once you get practiced with it is removes virtually all of the solder . If you fail to remove all of the solder -LRB- generally a user error -RRB- I found it easier to just re-solder the connection and then try to desolder . Works better then trying to get that last bit of solder free .
 I 've been a technician/engineer for over 30 years . Lately I 've been doing more desoldering/soldering than I have in years , to repair circuit boards.I 've been using soldering iron , desoldering braid , spring-loaded desoldering pumps -LRB- several of them -RRB- , and a desoldering tool from Radio Shack with a rubber bulb to suck the solder out . But it 's all been very frustrating.Purchased the Hakko 808 , and used it for the first time today . Absolutely outstanding ! In the past I 've used industrial rework stations with desoldering tools ... and I think this works better than any of those.After desoldering an IC with the Hakko , it simply lifted off the board with no problem at all . The same was true with the next 3 ICs . It makes rework/repair so much easier . I like troubleshooting , and I 'm good at it , but rather than spend a significant amount of time trying to figure out why the voltage is pulled low and chips are getting hot , it 's faster and simpler to take a few minutes to replace an IC that costs less than $ 1 . Now you 're sure that component is NOT the problem , and you can go to the next step.Also ... the components come off in excellent condition , and can easily be reused if you 're looking to fill up your parts box.If you 're going to do repairs or try to recycle components , spend the money and buy this tool !
 I got tired of using desolder wick and battling with the new lead free solder . I bought the Hakko 808 and it 's been a revelation . This thing works better than the sales pitches . In fact it 's magic , David Copperfield could n't make old solder joints disappear as well . The first time I used it I had to check that it was actually working as it removed the older solder so quickly and easily I could n't believe it . It was n't until the old components started to literally fall out that I knew it was a winner . The pads look like new so it makes it easier to solder in the new components . Resistors , capacitors , transistors , op amps no problem . Do n't waste time on other products , clean it out regularly , change the filters and use the long reamers that come with it and it will keep performing time and again . It deserves 10 stars !
 I use one of these at work . in the past i have used several different types and brands of solder suckers . all of the previous types i have used have not been self contained like the 808 . the gun i use on my bench is routinely left turned on and used through 2 shifts . upwards of 16-20 hours . they have been in use now for roughly a year now since the first batch was purchased.first impressions , i was skeptical . the 808 is much larger than the handset of other types , heavier too . but virtually everything in the unit is some form of plastic except the motor and crank shaft -LRB- which was well lubricated at the factory -RRB- , so its a lot lighter than you would expect , and can easily be held through large batches of solder sucking . also , the designers were careful to balance the gun at the handle , i have no problems using it sideways , vertical , horizontal for as long as necessary . its easily held and supported in any position you could need.with proper care , the fact that the majority of the gun is plastic should be of little concern . the only issue causing the guns to break -LRB- other than mishandling -RRB- is over tightening the nut holding the tips in place on the front of the gun . as long as you are aware that the components on the front of the gun change size slightly between off/cold and on/hot . if you put the tip on cold , you need to remember when you tighten it that that things will expand a bit , and if you tighten it much beyond finger tight , once hot , it will be difficult to remove the tip even with a wrench , and the stresses on the front of the gun where the heating element is attached into is enormous . if that area fails , the gun becomes a good source of spare parts.compared to other suckers , the pump on the 808 is VERY strong . it rarely jams due to poor suction allowing solder to collect in the heating element tube . compared to the units with separate pumping stations , the 808 is quite a bit louder , but not terribly so . part of that is coming form the fact that the motor is now frequently next to your face instead of the back of your bench , and as long as the rear cover is in place , it acts a a bit of a muffler to keep things down to a moderate roar.the storage cylinder is a snap to empty . you depress a spring-loaded portion on the gun -LRB- towards the rear of the gun -RRB- , and it pops out . the paper filter is actually mounted in the gun itself behind the filter cartridge , so you simply knock the filter properly , or use some long needle nosed pliers , and its empty . pop it back in and your ready to continue . there is a metal baffle plate at the base of the filter cartridge though , and its held in place using a rubber piece . be warned , if you actually need to disassemble the filter cartridge , which is pulling the rubber piece off to allow access at the metal baffle , its a bit of a pain reassembling that section properly . i will admit that the clear plastic of the cartridge is a nice idea , but it clouds with dust and is impossible to see through after about 2 full cartridges worth of use . making it clear again is a lengthy process . not being able to see inside will not affect operation of the gun though.changing tips is uneventful . it uses the same design found on a lot of other types of solder suckers and irons , and the tips are common to other hakko suckers . i routinely use either a small adjustable crescent wrench , or a stamped metal wrench designed for hakko suckers . be advised , the entire front of the gun from about just in front of the front of the filter cartridge is far too hot to touch . this includes the plastic sections between the cartridge and the heating element.using these guns , there has been only one item that has come up in their use . unlike solder suckers that have a handset and a base unit , the 808 only has 1 filter in it . its VERY important that that filter is installed properly . if it is n't , there is no second filter to protect the pump . the pump section has proven to have little tolerance for any dust/particles getting past the filter . also , the pump HATES flux , which the filter is very effective at stopping . the plus side of this is that the pump section is easily serviced using a screw driver . the rear section of the gun is a plastic cover held on by a single thumbscrew . make sure you unplug it of course , without the cover , there is nothing protecting you from the crank that drives the pump , and the trigger is easily bumped during service . the pump is a pair of reed/flapper valve pumps , of which are held on by a pair of screws each . remove those 4 screws , and the reed/flapper valves can be removed and cleaned , same for the valve chambers . with practice , it takes roughly 10-15 minutes max , a screwdriver -LRB- # 2 -RRB- , and isopropyl alcohol and your back in business . however , if you need to actually unhook the hoses in the pump section , you are not going to be having fun.throughout use , the 808 has a strong suction . frankly , its a much stronger suck than i have found on other suckers i have used , though that could be a maintenance issue for the others.in use , my job has me routinely replacing large numbers of radial capacitors on circuit boards . this gun literally is left on all day long , and i can routinely go through 200-300 replacement capacitors in an 8hr period . the gun does not overheat , and remains cool to the touch at the handle . the only thing you need to be careful with on heat is if you suddenly need to empty the filter after you have been actively using the gun . the cartridge can be rather hot to handle , but still not much more than uncomfortably warm to the touch . there is no exposed metal on the cartridge , and a good hard knock is all you need most of the time to empty it . and my long needle nosed pliers handles that occasional instance.the heating element on this gun is like other hakko suckers , very strong . i generally use either a 1.3 or a 1.6 mm tip as a compromise to the different types of parts i work on , but this thing has little trouble , with practice of course , going from removing caps on a circuit board , straight to changing the connectors on a power-supply , to being used to re-float the board connections on a heat-sink and then back to removing board caps . if anything , you need to keep an eye on how much heat your allowing to get into your work . i have been able to use it on large metal sections such as RF shields and heat-sinks with little trouble . if you are used to solder suckers , especially if you have used hakko 's before , this thing is extremely familiar and easy to use . if you have n't used a sucker before , you 'll need to get used to the leap in performance . no matter what though , you will need to get used to the greater performance of the pump.there is a temperature control on the handle , along with a calibration setting , but its only vaguely labeled and frankly , i have never moved it from the setting it came with . if you require extremely accurate known temperature settings , you will need a separate device to read the temperature output . i can not speak to the range it will hold temp at , but i have experienced absolutely no problems with its ability to maintain temperature.one thing to note , if you use this gun like i do , expect to go through filters . with two shifts using it , filters can be unusable in as little as 3-4 days . but , this gun seems to be better at using its filters than other types i have used . they seem to last a bit longer than i was used to on other types of suckers.there is one thing on it i would sorta consider a flaw . the power cable for the gun is extremely short . if you do n't have an outlet at the edge of your immediate work area , you will need to get one -LRB- maybe on the underside of the front of your bench like me -RRB- , or an extension cord you can live with . its ridiculously short , being only marginally longer than the cable/hose found on the more traditional suckers with a separate pumping unit.i would also like to note , there is no power switch or power light on it . care should be taken to ensure its unplugged when not in use.in conclusion , this is a solid , dependable tool that makes short work of removing solder in almost every situation i have ever encountered . while it probably has a lot more capacity than i would think the hobbyist would need , its the perfect compliment to any technicians bench . and , since its self contained , is probably usable away from the bench as well . you will however need a good holder for the 808 for your bench . the hakko holder designed for it is effective , though i have found it to be a bit under-engineered . the holder does have the benefit of being inexpensive . i currently used a holder for for a different brand of soldering IRON that i adapted to hold the 808 between uses . i have never had the sock it comes with , so i have no opinion on it .01 JUN11I stand by what i said about this tool!I have now been using them long enough to actually see some of them wear out from routine use -LRB- it normally takes a couple of years -RRB- . the end of the heating element on some has worn away and degraded to the point where it no longer maintains heats reliably . no problem . the heating tube is a replaceable part . also replaceable are the solder collection tubes , the metal tube that holds the solder tip , and the ` nut ' that is tightened to hold the tip in place . * NOTE - the major point of failure has been overtightening the nut that hols the tip in place . you can overtighten it fine , but when you go to remove it , watch out either the heating element or the forward part of the tool may fail . it is also strongly recommended you use some form of wrench for the nut , and not a pair of pliers . the plastic tool included with the tool is great for the process , but not for the initial loosening or final tightening of the nut , the whole assembly has a tendency to twist and get jammed inside the tool . a small adjustable crescent wrench is perfect.Other than the guns being dropped , this solder sucker , with proper maintenance , has held up to years of 18 hour days . even when dropped , a lot of the time , repairs can still be made . the motor cover is easily broken , but is easily repaired with some form of glue or even tape.i have found that the pump itself is easily serviced with a screwdriver , a brush , and alcohol , though this is mainly needed only when the filter was n't installed correctly or failed , allowing contamination of the pump . the motor itself i have never needed to do anything significant other than a bit of cleaning .
 I have used tons of solder suckers , and for the past 15 years , a Pace MBT-200 soldering/desoldering station . The Pace worked for a lot of years but always needed a lot of maintenance . It was ok but I always had a feeling there must be something better . It was what my boss bought so I was grateful just to have one . I 've been having a hard time finding tips lately , so I decided to look for a station for myself . After reading a ton of reviews I bought this Hakko 808 and I got to say , i must 've been living in a closet . This thing is absolutely the best . I have it on the temp setting from the factory which is kinda midway and with the tip that it came with and it cleaned up all the mess of a board that the pace could n't handle . nice clean holes . I guess there could be better , but this is best in class for me . a bonus is , it 's portable . I would definitely take it out in the field . It is kinda expensive -LSB- ... -RSB- just for a desolderer . but , i just did 10 holes in one pass in like 30 seconds . definitely a lifestyle changer , a stress reliever . nah , but i really do enjoy using it . i hate to say it sucks , but it sucks good ! if you 're like i was and ca n't make up your mind btwn the cheap one at that other site and the Hakko 808 at amazon . do n't eat lunch for a month and buy the Hakko !! it 's been over a year now , and it still works great!it 's been 2 years now and I have to put this in the `` one of the best products '' list
 I 've tried just about all the low cost solder removal methods over the years . Vacuum bulbs and spring loaded plungers that I found to be largely worthless , radio shack desoldering iron with a built in suction bulb was what I used for years , worked ok as long as I kept a fresh tip on it . Desoldering braid was nice for cleaning up solder the sucker would n't get , but even after dipping in liquid flux , that left much to be desired.I finally bit the bullet and bought a Hakko 808 and it has completely transformed the art of desoldering . 40 pin DIPs on double sided PCBs that used to be a nightmare can now be removed on a whim with little risk of damaging the board . Desoldering has become so trivially easy that I 've even spent some time harvesting usable parts from scrapped PCBs like I used to do as a kid except now it 's a lot more fun . This thing warms up quickly and puts out a lot of heat , has powerful suction , is easy to maintain , and slurps the solder into a chamber that can be emptied like a miniature bagless vacuum cleaner , no more spitting molten solder into an old Altoids tin . The tool itself is made in Japan and feels well made with good fit & finish . It fits comfortably in my hand and the pump is fairly quiet.I bought an additional larger tip based on a review here but so far have not found it necessary to use . I 'm sure it will come in handy sooner or later , but the included tip has been adequate for all the IC 's , transistors , passives , and other stuff I 've needed to desolder . I purchased the optional metal stand which is a nice accessory , but the kit does come with a ceramic wool tip cover that can be placed on it to prevent burning things/you when set on the bench . The stand does n't fit in the included carry case so if you plan to use it mostly in the field , you may not need a stand.The only con I 've encountered is the price . Yeah , pushing up on $ 200 it 's a lot more expensive than the $ 10 Radio Shack tool , but it works * SO * much better that it is WELL worth it , and while it stung a little when I clicked Buy , I now have no regrets about my purchase . Just goes to show , buy good tools and only cry once.Update
 I was sceptical at first . I did n't think that something priced so affordable could possibly work as well as higher priced units . I ordered a Hakko 808-KIT because of the reviews that were posted on several web sites not just this one . I was totally amazed at what the Hakko 808 could do . It works better than anything I could hope for . I also got a pleasant surprise when I got the Hakko 808-KIT . It included spare filters and other replacement parts that will be needed after normal use . It also contained cleaning pins for the heating element and the nozzle . The Hakko 808 would be worth it at 2 or 3 times the price .
 It works great , fast and neat , but the included tip is for thin IC pins , make sure you get a larger tip for regular components .
 If you have the need to desolder components from a PCB on a regular basis , this is the greatest tool ever invented . I ca n't express how much easier it makes things , I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 I bought this desoldering gun to cleanly extract blown capacitors and other componants gone bad . This gun does it flawlessly . I also wanted it in part to salvage sensitive and expensive , multi-pin components . It does that flawlessly as well . It 's high wattage capabilities can rapidly heat the solder to be sucked up the moment it goes over the pin which will limit the possibility of heat damage to the component . I just tested it out a few minutes ago and I was able to remove a 17 pin transformer in under a minute.Only con is the price but it is well worth it . Also , all parts in the gun easily replaceable .
 Received the Hakko 808 desoldering gun about a month ago , and used it on several projects . Worked like a charm for my limited use . Vacuum was powerful enough to suck out the solder without problem , making component removal easy . Highly recommended .
 I have used an air powered desoldering device for over 10 years in a commercial service environment . The Hakko 808 is like a vacation . A very relaxing work experience comes with this tool . I will buy another justto make sure I never have to return to the old method of board-level solder removal . speedodoc
 Simply one of the best pieces of equipment that I have purchased . Unfortunately , it works so fast that I do n't get to use it as much as I like . Super-fast heat-up , has n't clogged on me once , and I have n't even had to clean or change a filter in over a year . Save yourself the headache & just get one .
 This tool is fantastic ! It saved me lots of time and components . I liked it so much that I wrote a review about it on my blog with videos of operation and pics . -LRB- google starlino to find review -RRB- .
 I use this a couple times a day for TV repair , , , This is my fourth one since 1995 ... Works great as long as you keep it clean .
 This tool is excellent , it heats up fast and comes in a plastic carrying case with 5 extra pre-filters and 5 extra filters plus a cleaning tool , the only thing you may need is a bigger tip , it comes with one of 1mm diameter , which is enough in the majority of the situations .
 This tool is indispensable if you want to do the job right . It works very well for me on solder-through components . There is a wide assortment of tips available for it . I thought it was a little on the expensive side but it has turned out to be well worth the money .
 I do a lot of molding , so is perfect for me.I do not recomended for heavyproduction.However for the price , really , what do you want?Hiram
 SE Finger LED Light -LRB- 4 Pack -RRB- I have limited vision especially places dimly lit . I keep a finger light in every room and in my purse . They work great to help me see clearly .
 Keep in mind this is very large chain about twice as thick as what is used on dog tags .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 It pumps easier . Holds pressure well . Provides a nice even mist . The only complaint is the trigger spins around and is not fixed . If you hold the wand the wrong way the trigger can pinch . The wands is all metal and has no plastic . Is easy to clean . Thick walled plastic tank , is for the most part unbreakable . We have been through several cheap $ 12 Walmart specials and this is defiantly a step up in both functionality and durability . Well worth the extra cost , if cared for properly -LRB- cleaned after each use -RRB- should last for many years .
 Very happy with this showerhead , well made and works as expected.Even with the flow restricter , it gives a full flow and a great showering experience . With the overlapping rings of water jets , the center of the shower spray is evenly filled with water jets . Some shower heads only have a ring of water , or very sparsely spaced jets .
 We were looking to replace a shower head in one shower . After purchasing & installing this one -- installation was simple -- I purchased a second one for another bathroom . Thanks so much , Speakman , for a W O N D E R F U L shower head .
 Let 's say that you get what you pay for ! I removed the water restricted flow ring with a paper clip and have loved my showers with this new shower head!This is super powerful , but can also be put on a less intense setting . Buy this ! You will not be disappointed !
 I purchased this shower head in the Polished Brass finish , removed the o-ring , installed it ... WOW ! I might have to put the o-ring back in so I do n't drown ! As I like to keep my showers fairly brief , this Speakman delivers volumes of water in all the right places , enabling one to wash , rinse -LRB- and repeat ! -RRB- in record time . It 's like standing under a tropical waterfall .
 I love this shower head only reason not a 5 star rating is because of the price . I bought it on deal of the day for half off !
 The first thing i did was pull out the flow inhibitor , -LRB- only took out the small black washer -RRB- . Best shower head I 've owned . When we remodel the bathroom , the showerhead stays .
 Speakman is known for great showerheads and if you have stayed in a W or Westin or Starwood hotel property , you have experienced the mid line showerhead . i opted for this one with more nozzles , different pressure control and thinner streams for better body coverage . i love it and would recommend it to anyone - i doubt you would be disappointed . . . enjoy !
 I purchased this head in polished nickel for a new shower I built . It is a high quality unit with nice adjustment for the spray pattern . Highly recommend for a high end application .
 Heavy duty . Only thing you need to do is install it . Good water dispersion , soft to medium hard . Hopefully it will last for many years to come .
 I received this information directly from Speakman.The flow restricter on this unit is simply the small rubber o-ring down inside of the neck . To remove the o-ring use small needle nose pliers , a pair of tweezers or a bent paperclip . There is no need to remove or break any parts . Once you remove the o-ring you get full flow of the water.I took mine out and realized that the water pressure was too great for my shower area and was able to drop the o-ring back down and push it back into place under the prongs . If you break out the filter like another review indicates you will not be able to put it back in .
 I installed the Speakman Anystream Icon 8-Jet shower head this morning . Warning - removing the flow restrictor did prove more difficult than Speakman 's website will have you believe . In the new design , you can not remove the collar without a special tool.Here 's how to do it , you will need only needle nose pliers and a small-tipped yet sturdy flat head screwdriver .1 -RRB- Look into the neck - you will see white plastic with 4-prongs holding in a black o-ring .2 -RRB- You need to make sure you do n't push the assembly into the housing of the shower head so be sure to proceed with caution . Keep the neck/ball at an angle to make it harder for debris to fall downward -LRB- possibly clogging a jet -RRB- .3 -RRB- Using needle nose pliers , grab each prong forcefully while pulling OUTWARD toward yourself . Pull out ALL four prongs -LRB- they will break off , that 's OK -RRB- , if you 're lucky the whole assembly could fall into your lap . I was not lucky but an edge of the white plastic restrictor lifted up .4 -RRB- Remove the o-ring and discard .5 -RRB- You should be looking at a white plastic flow restrictor . Using the small-tipped flat head screwdriver gently pry the flow restrictor outward -LRB- towards you -RRB- , once you have enough edge exposed , use the needle nose pliers to remove the restrictor .6 -RRB- If you are having trouble you could always use a sharp drywall screw and gently sink it right thru the center of the white plastic giving you purchase to pull it out with brute force . Again , just be careful so the assembly does n't fall inward.The shower head is not very different than the Geissdorf 8 we are replacing . They are both a high quality and high volume shower head . The difference seems to be that when properly adjusted -LRB- not wide open -RRB- the Speakman 's jets are more defined while maintaining a larger spray pattern . The shower seems more forceful than the Geissdorf but still does not sting my wife 's sensitive skin .
 I just easily self-installed without a wrench the S-2251 -LRB- 8-jet -RRB- showerhead from Speakman , replacing a Speakman 5-jet . The 8-jet has a more sophisticated spray pattern , covering more area , so you do n't have to move around in the shower as much for water coverage . It has all of the power of the 5-jet but with the same water volume . I did n't have to remove the controller-ring -LRB- to increase water pressure -RRB- . It 's enough as is . I 'm very pleased , for it creates as good a shower as you 'd get at a good motel/hotel . Avoid the so-called `` high-pressure '' shower heads , for all they do is reduce the width of the stream to achieve greater intensity . The S-2251 is better -LRB- and luxurious -RRB- . It also looks great and appears durable.P . Wittlin , Irvine , CA
 The good : - Lever rotates continuous 360 degrees , allowing to precisely set the intensity , regardless of your current water pressure . It 's got the full range - from ultra-sharp needles , to a smooth rich waterfall . - High flow , if restrictor is removed -LRB- use needle nose pliers to pull it out , or make a hook out of paperclip , thread it through , then pull out with pliers holding both ends of the clip -RRB- - You can fine tune it to where the water flow does n't spread out , so you can get concentrated flow at any height.The bad : - Ca n't think of anything . Having tried half a dozen other `` good '' shower heads , I 'm just glad I gave this one a shot .
 What can I say - this showerhead is amazing . Until purchasing this one , I purchased showerhead after showerhead only to be disappointed in the quality and flow . Now that I have this one , I am finally happy . It was definitely worth the money.It is fairly heavy-duty as another review mentioned . I really like the fact the adjustment handle on the side of the showerhead is easy to move even with the water on . I highly recommend this showerhead !
 I replaced a relatively new high-end , costly shower head with this Speakman Anystream . This is a fantastic shower head in that it is high-quality , gorgeous design , and much larger than the Speakman Shower Head Anystream 2152 model . This one has eight water streams , but when adjusted to a fine high-pressure spray each of the eight have about 10 spider web size water streams shooting out in a nice large pattern . If you are not satisfied with the water pressure out-of-the-box , it is very easy to remove a tiny O-Ring which is an easy task with a pair of tweezers . This O-Ring removal effectively doubles the volume of water pushed through the shower head . Like another reviewer has stated there is really no need to pull the flow restrictor -LRB- white plastic part -RRB- as you will be very pleased with the pressure without destroying this part . Plus if you find removing the O-Ring leads to too much water pressure , it will be simple to place the O-Ring back in the shower head . This is a LARGE , excellent quality shower head ... You will love the luxury and comfort it provides .
 Purchased this on a lightning deal a few days ago , and installed it this weekend . Even after the lightning deal price , I was still a bit hesitant to spend this amount on a showerhead but took a chance on it anyhow.First impression after removing the shower head from its box was how heavy this showerhead is . It feels like a nearly solid chunk of metal as heavy as it is . I suspect this showerhead will have a long life based on the seemingly solid materials and build quality . As an added bonus , since the jets extend and retract when adjusted this seems to also provide a bit of self-cleaning action that removes some deposits and prevents the jets from clogging as easily.I read other reviews about removing the flow restrictor , but decided to try it first as-is . It was a decent performer with no modifications , especially on the finer spray settings , but it did seem to be lacking adequate flow on the heavier sprays . The black o-ring inside the neck is indeed the flow restrictor that needs to be removed . Was not able to remove it without pulling out the 4 white teeth as mentioned in another review . Pulled out those 4 white plastic teeth , removed black o-ring , and reinstalled . Water flow probably doubled . The heavier sprays now had some reasonable pressure , and the finer sprays almost felt like small needles hitting my back -LRB- but in a good , massaging sort of way -RRB- . After removing the flow restrictor , I had no doubt this shower head was worth the price.Bottom line , this looks nice in my shower , it is heavy and well built , it provides a generous flow of water after removing the flow restrictor , and is easily adjustable to suit most anyone 's shower style . I highly recommend , and will purchase more in the future for other showers in my home .
 Over the years I have always used the Speakman 6 head version . I replaced a generic unit in my new shower and decided to upgrade to the 8 jet model . Wow . Not a lot to say except this is one amazing showerhead . It is a little larger in size than I expected but it delivers a fantastic shower !
 I must admit , I originally bought this as a joke with the full intention of returning it . I recently got a $ 100 Amazon gift card and wanted to take the opportunity to buy something crazy . I previously had a $ 50 multifunction shower head that I spent an hour choosing at Home Depot , so I thought I was already an extravagant shower-er if there 's such a thing.The construction of the unit feels very solid . It is a solid two pound chunk metal , and makes my old shower head feel like a pathetic fisher price toy . Turning it on , I am impressed with the water pressure . Compared to my previous 2.5 gpm shower head , this Speakman just feels like it is spraying so much more water . The claims of `` Infinite '' variability are a bit exaggerated , and even the dialed-back claim of 3 modes is a bit of a hyperbole . In reality , there 's a `` needles of water '' mode and a `` relaxing spray '' mode . The so called `` flood '' mode feels like showering with a garden hose -- I 'm not quite sure what to do with the splotchy splashes of unregulated water flow . With that said , the `` infinite '' variability does let you fine tune the exact amount of sharpness or flood-ness you want at the two useful modes . Coming to think of it , my old shower head had 5 modes , and several of them were close to what I wanted but either too sparse or too weak.Another difference worth noting is that each of the 8 jets output 8 separate streams of water in all directions , and this combines to make a criss cross pattern of streams that produce an even cover at any height . I 've yet to experience another shower head that spreads water so consistently.I tried it with and without the flow limiter , and I think even with the flow limiter , the pressure is more than enough to make my skin tingle and rise away shampoo and body wash.As far as negatives , there 's only two that come to mind . The first and foremost is the hefty price tag . This is definitely an awesome shower head , but the 6 jet version costs less than half as much and probably will be just as enjoyable . Other than that , I do miss the pulsing massage mode of my previous shower head .
 We installed a new Grohe but were not happy with the flow or general feeling in our new shower . I bought the bright chrome Speakman and it just seems more comfortable and adjustable . In these days of low flow showers its still the best !
 This is a very well made showerhead . The water flow and pattern are great . It is easy to adjust the flow and pattern . Oil Rubbed Bronze color is great . Very easy to install .
 This showerhead is , without doubt , the best one I have ever owned . Of course , this is the first showerhead I have ever paid over $ 100 for -LRB- they 're sometimes over $ 200 in stores -RRB- , so , for my sake , I 'm glad I 'm very happy with it . I highly recommend this showerhead for its great flow and pressure . If you use a showerarm extension , make sure it 's a good one , because , due to the heavy weight of this showerhead , the extension may not stay up . When I replace other showerheads in my home , I will , more than likely , choose this one .
 What can you say I just think the Speakman shower heads are the best . I have used them for years and I have moved them from house to house . This one is just as good as all the others I have owned .
 Living in CA , all showerheads are flow regulated to 2.5 gpf , so at best you get a gentle spray . This showerhead is very high quality , all brass -LRB- mine is brushed nickel finish -RRB- and you can easily remove the flow regulator to get a REAL shower . Costs a bit more of course , but we LOVE IT .
 The Speakman Anystream shower head is exactly what we were looking for . It works beautifully and we got it at a great price . The installation process was simple and took less than 15 minutes .
 Boy was I reluctant to spend $ 100 dollars on a shower head . I live in an area that does not have much water pressure . My current shower head is a hand held and it has very little pressure . I read the reviews on this Speakman and thought I will probably have to take out the water saver device to get any pressure at my home . WOW !!! was I ever wrong . I installed it as is out of the box for my trial run . This thing is amazing . Plenty of pressure and nice spray pattern . I can actually get wet taking a shower now . lt is a very quality piece that I can tell will last a long time . No regrets on this purcase even with it being $ 100 .
 I have had other Speakman shower heads but this one is by far the superior product in their line ! I travel a lot and have yet to have a better shower then this one !!
 This is our favorite shower head . it has great pressure , adjustability , and spray pattern . In addition , the nozzles do not get clogged with mineral build-up .
 Very pleased with the shower heads and more importantly my wife is pleased . Used needle nose pliers and long deck screw to remove water restrictors .
 The showerheads simply last longer than the rest of the field . A great product that is built to last . I have had them for 25 years
 This is a really nice shower head and the quality can be felt in the weight . That being said , it 's still not as good as the pre '94 model -LRB- dang government -RRB- .
 I love the versatility of this shower head . Even with your soapy eyes closed you can reach up and adjust the water pressure by moving the lever . It has a strong forceful water stream that rinses my hair quickly and thoroughly . Perfect !
 This is by far the best shower head I 've used . I first used it at a local fitness center and had to purchase one myself . Its pricey for a shower head but its well worth the price . Solid design , great water pressure . No frills nothing unneeded just a quality product .
 I recently remodeled my Master bathroom . Having had a Speakman for many years , I wanted another . I had the 6 jet before , this time I got the 8 . It is by far the best shower head made . It is expensive , but worth every penny , and they last forever ! I had my old one for about 25 years . It was still working perfectly , I just needed a different finish for my new bathroom .
 I love this shower head ! I have brass fittings and was looking for a functional as well as beautiful brass shower head that was a reasonable price . This works perfectly . Easy to install and easy to regulate the flow . I could n't be happier . I am going to order two six-jet ones for my other smaller bathrooms . Also , since I have Prime , I got in two days ! Highly recommended .
 TOTALLY worth the money . forget the rest ! I was worried my apt didnt have enough pressure for this but it definitely does . My previous head was so bad and felt like it had no pressure but this one converted my low pressure to high pressure !
 Great pressure , very well made , very durable it seems , very heavy in weight . This is likely among the best showerheads you can buy . Its pressure , even with the flo-valve is sufficient and `` needle-like '' without being painful . Easy to install , easy to adjust the stream of water . This will likely last 300 years . . not kidding . The craftmanship put into this showerhead is miles above Delta and others .
 Used this shower head today . It has a very nice range of settings.It also seems very well made . It 's NOT some plastic piece of crap.It installed very easily .
 I literally just got out of the shower , and this thing was so awesome that I had to jump right on my computer to write this review . You really have n't taken a good shower until you have one of these bad boys . Upon receiving the shower head , I went ahead and did what others suggested and removed the flow restrictor -LRB- Mark R. Silla -LRB- Pueblo , Colorado -RRB- , http://www.amazon.com/review/ROKL998BHRB1A/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B000JGEOHK -RRB- , and . Oh . My God . This . Thing . Is . Powerful.Not the kind of `` drill a hole on your back '' powerful , but the `` oh man I 'm getting such a good massage with my shower head but why is it using so much water '' kind of powerful . The streams vary from big , heavy drops , to rain drops , and to 64 tiny water jets . Those jets were so crazy , I could see water mist come flying out above my shower curtain . I had to turn it down a notch.I feel bad because this thing shoots out so much water after I removed the flow restrictor . I wish had tried it with the restrictor before removing it . But seriously , best shower I 've had in my life . Speakman now has a life-long customer .
 super pressure , so much better than speakman plastic purchased at Home Depot . Speakman hurts teir reputatation by also selling the plastic
 I actually have a number of Santec shower heads in my home , the 6 jet variety that look almost identical to the Speakman but at almost twice the cost . If I had to guess , now that I own the Speakman , the Santec model is a Speakman that has been re-labeled . So first off , these Speakman shower heads are every bit as good as the Santec IMO . Now , to the 6 vs. 8 jet question . I ended up with both models of Speakman and ended up installing them both . And yes , I took out the o-ring water restrictor . My personal opinion is that it adds at least 25 % more water flow . So if you are good with the restrictor in , fine , but if you need more pressure , for whatever reason , I would remove it . The 8 jet provides less pressure or force than the 6 nozzle model but the 8 nozzle model gives you a wider spray area . At the end of the day , I prefered the more concentrated 6 nozzle spray . That being said if you like being in a wash of water without focused force then you would like the 8 nozzle . The 8 jet also is bigger and looks more elegant and grand for certain . But again , if you just want a `` power '' wash , then you may be disapointed with the 8 jet unit . Again , this is just one persons opinion . If you have your water pressure cranked up in your home and are not worried about a pipe bursting while you are on vacation , then the 8 nozzle unit with heavy water pressure would likely be awesome so get the 8 if you have strong pressure . My guess is that with the 8 jet variety , you simply have the water distributed over more nozzles hence less force from each one given the additional distribution points . I had thought originally , hey 8 nozzles , more water flow . The when I actually thought about it , pretty difficult for a shower head to spray out more water than is coming in ...
 The morning shower might be one of the most underrated parts of your day ; maybe because we 're usually half asleep and operating on automatic pilot since it 's usually the first destination after stumbling out of bed . I had n't given any thought to buying a new shower head until it was featured on an Amazon special offer one day . Even then , the price seemed a bit inflated . But after reading the glowing reviews , I thought it might be something I should invest in . The photo seemed at best pedestrian , and ordinary with no twisting loops to produce 20 different varieties of spray patterns . Just a single arm on it 's right side . When the box arrived , I first imagined Amazon shipped the wrong item . Most likely there was an anvil in the package and not a shower head . But lo-and-behold , on opening the box , there it was . My second impression was that is was also much bigger than I had imagined . This thing was built more like piece of architecture and unlike any shower head I had ever encountered . Installation is very simple . Simply unscrew the old plastic `` toy '' that I had before , apply plumber 's Teflon tape around the threads of the fixture it screws onto to assure there is a tight seal and no leaks , screw on this new head . Be careful when you tighten it on the last turn , with some type of wrench or vice grip tool since the tool can easily leave scratches on the external fitting . My water pressure in a condominium leaves something to be desired . But as soon as I turned the shower on , I could see and feel that the water spray was much more substantial and invigorating than before . The single arm on the right side , which itself feels strong and heavy , adjusts the intensity and spray pattern width . It 's a simple , straight forward and honest shower spray with no gimmicks . The fit and finish are superb , mine was the brushed nickel finish . While before , I usually favored the overhead rain shower and did n't use the wall shower , now this Speakman is all I use . It enhanced the water pressure , it produces a perfect spray pattern , it has a beautiful finish and it 's `` built like a tank '' heavy metal construction should make it last well past my lifetime ! Hope my heirs enjoy it . Buy this one in the finish to match your decor . You wo n't regret it .
 Simply the best shower head I 've used or owned.They say it 's `` self-cleaning '' but do n't really tell you how it achieves that . We 're on a well that occasionally produces particulate matter . When a piece of sediment blocks one of the nozzle jets all I do is rotate the control through its range and 90 % of the time that clears it . But I discovered a second step
 I am a shower head fanatic . Since going to college I have been through 6 . This is hands down the highest quality and most versatile head I have ever experienced . It can go from dumping hot water on my like a drowning waterfall to 8 x 8 needles covering my entire body . Please , if you balk at the price , finish the click and purchase this shower head .
 I do n't know how many shower heads I have bought in the last several years trying to find the right one . After reading the reviews I thought I would try the Speakman S-2251 , glad I did , this thing works well . We have low water pressure but the Speakman makes it feel like a high pressure shower . If I ever sell my house , I 'm taking the shower head with me .
 Have encountered various Speakman showerheadd in the past . This Anystream is one of the best . Great waterflow , easy to adjust . Highly recommended .
 We were really pleased with this shower head and the different settings it has . We 've had Speakman before and have always been very pleased with the quality .
 It is hard to describe how much this shower head has improved my morning experience . Every day I am so happy I got it . Great shower experience !!
 About 10 years ago I stayed at a Westin and loved the shower . I bought a Speakman for my home and enjoyed it for year . When I recently moved into a new hosue I had to buy another one . This one is better than in the Westins that I stay at now and looks great in brushed nickel .
 I did n't ever think about the water pressure and this having more holes than the standard Anystream 2005 that you see at hotels - makes it spray a bit finer I think . The 2005 model has five holes -LRB- I think -RRB- which probably increases the water pressure over this model.But I would highly recommend this or any Anystream product . I think they make one of the best shower heads on the market .
 When it was time to replace the shower head in our master bath I remembered having used Speakman heads in the men 's locker at our country club years earlier , as well as in several top hotels , so I decided to try to find one on Amazon.com . Of course here they were , and we narrowed our selection down to this one and a less expensive model . My wife has a full head of VERY thick hair -LRB- lucky her -RRB- , and wanted a shower head that would rinse her hair faster than our old one . I told her about Speakman shower heads and talked her into trying this one . She absolutely LOVES it , as do I . As did others , I removed the little rubber ring from inside the head to insure a stronger water flow and it works great ! Took a few attempts to get the little ring out , but out it came and we could n't be happier . We 'll never use any other brand again !
 This shower arm is great ! Nice finish and solid construction . It adds an elegant look to your shower while also raising and extending the showerhead from the wall . I loved it so much I bought another for my other bathroom .
 My old shower arm was standard size and pretty low . Adding this ahower arm means I get a wonderful shower that comes from above my head and I no longer fight with the wall to get close to the water . I think the price is steep , but I checked everywhere and could n't find a similar item , so I purchased this one and am very happy .
 I got this to finish out the Moen shower faucet installation in my master bath remodel . Although this is not the Moen Eva collection shower arm , the finish is identical and the appearance is indistinguishable . Great product !
 A little pricey but it 's everything we wanted . Mated it to the Moen 8 '' rain shower head and we now have spa showers every day . Could n't be happier with product , from shipping to installation .
 In a large shower enclosure the `` standard arm '' that came with the shower head looked dwarfed . This large arm along with the directional angle on the flow of the shower head is now ideal . Perfect !
 It looks great with my new Moen Velocity 8 '' rain shower . It 's a luxury item and is totaly unneccesary but if you can afford it , why not ! Life 's short , enjoy little things while you can .
 This product is good but it puts the shower head to far out from wall for my small shower would be great for a rain head shower
 It is nice to finally not have our shower head dripping down on trim kit handle , rusting it out . Places shower head that goes with it -LRB- Moen multifunction -RRB- away from wall . Good investment .
 I had a small 6 '' shower arm on my original install of the shower over the tub . I have a 72 '' tub and its a soaking tub with like 5 '' edges ... so with a small arm water was dripping on a edge underneath the tub all the time splashing . . so i wanted the arm to extend further and even create something like a ceiling shower to the extent , and it did just that!It comes up high enough to get under entirely or just use it as a regular shower if you do not want to get your hair wet -LRB- as common issue for the females -RRB- , but for men its amazing to take showers with such extended arm!if you bathroom/shower design allows you to add this piece without looking super odd , do so . I did not really like the price for just a simple arm like that , but thats the only pieces i needed to match all my oiled-rubbed bronze fixtures and it did the job !
 Raises up the shower head and give that rain like effect . Good metal construction and seems to be pretty durable . Very easy installation . I am using this with Moen S6320 Velocity Two Function 8inch Rainshower .
 Nice curves provide the correct distance and position to get a rain shower head far enough away from the shower wall to shower in comfort . Looks great and especially nice detail on flange piece . Makes showering better having a nice looking thing in there with you . :-RRB- Live it up !!
 My husband is 6 ' 5 &#34; and this took the shower head above his head , so he can stand under the shower instead of it hitting him in the face . Moen quality at its finest !
 These bulbs are excellent ! Buy 130v instead of 120v and they will last longer as little electrical spikes wo n't blow them . Also , they are made in the United States . Most bulbs are coming from China these days . Let 's support domestic manufacturing .
 I hate fluorescent-there , I 've said it . The long fluorescent ceiling bulbs in my office were turned off when I was worked and a lamp was on my desk . So I was n't buying the push toward curlique fluorescent bulbs . I gave them a try , but the cold light truly was ` cold . ' I 'd rather turn the lamps off when not in use , unplug before bed but use regular bulbs.A few weeks ago -LRB- its now 8.26.11 -RRB- a read that in a year or so light bulbs as we know them will be discontinued altogether , not available only fluorescent will be sold . I 'm too old to be an anarchist but this is intolerable , so I 've stocked up and suggest you do the same . Great deal , good quality , warm glow .
 I had read some reviews -LRB- not for this item , but similar -RRB- that mentioned how some fraction of the bulbs were bad . None of mine were.Remains to be seen how long they last , of course .
 Incandescent , out of manufacture , by government mandate . Yep you need to clear out your linen closet for storage room . Start buying as many as you can . Soon these critters will be like stocking gold . You may have to buy an AR15 to protect them . Can you say eBay gouging?Soon incandescent will be struck front he vocabulary like newspeak . Our kids will not be taught the technology . Manufacturers will go on welfare . As the last incandescent will burn in some obscured basement.For those people like me that had to change their dimmers from rheostats to today 's digital dimmers , one again we will need to rip them out of the walls to fill the trash dumps and replace them with florescent compatible technology dimmers.In the mean time this is a good product and I intend to use it for years to come .
 These are awesome INCANDESCENT light bulbs that give wonderful , warm white light instantly when the switch is flipped . They also completely lack the toxic mercury content that our representative government is so insistent on jamming down our throats . Go Carbon !
 They are exactly what they say . Incandescent bulbs . They came on time and are packaged in bubble wrap so not one bulb out of a case of 48 was broken . Yes , I checked . But it would n't have mattered , honestly . The most important thing about them is they are n't those new bulbs that give off a greenish light that makes your room look like the office in Joe vs the Volcano ! It beats me how something can be called &#34; eco-friendly &#34; if you need an instruction book to safely dispose of them when they burn out . I 'm so glad Amazon still has regular bulbs . I 'll keep ordering them by the case as long as I can .
 None were broken.All worked and were packed securely . They were correct wattage as ordered and their bases fit my lamps . I consider these traditional household light bulbs free of toxicity and was pleased Amazon could supply them to customers .
 When I heard that they were doing away with the 75 watt I stocked up . The energy savers do n't deliver , and when I 'm dead a gone it there are some left ... they can sell them in a yard sale .
 I am so pleased with this purchase . Every bulb arrived unbroken . The packaging for such fragile items was exceptional . I am storing up while I can on the incandescent bulbs I need , now that our ever intrusive government will be making them illegal to purchase , starting out with the 100 watt bulbs , and then followed by the 75 's , then the 60 's , etc. . Unless you are willing to keep the so-called newer `` energy smart '' bulbs on continuously , they soon burn out -LRB- do n't believe the 5 year hype on those things -RRB- and then you have to deal with the fact that not only are they all made in China , but they also contain mercury and require special disposal to protect the environment . Unlike GE , the Sylvania bulbs are still made here in America and the price for 24 bulbs was great . Plus , when you turn them on , these come to full brightness immediately , unlike the newer `` energy saving '' bulbs . Perhaps the newer LED bulbs will prove to be an effective alternative , but at the moment , they are too expensive , the color and brightness are uncomfortable , and they are still better suited for nightlights . I am completely happy with the purchase of these Sylvania incandescent bulbs and likely will be making another .
 I purchased a quantity of these lights so that our household will have them in spite of our fraud president 's efforts to deny theeir availability . Live on Patriots !
 Yep , its good to stock up on proven EDISON technology rather than slow starting CFLs . There are always a need for a high output bulb in many locations .
 I do n't like the new eco-bulbs , so this should last me awhile . They were packed well and did n't have any breakage . They are light bulbs so what else can I say ?
 Got a few cases of these from Amazon to stock up before they 're no longer available , I have sensitive eyes and I find the quality of the light from the new style lightbulbs off putting . I was concerned about shipping , but Amazon did an excellent job as always and all my lightbulbs arrived in tact . I 've installed 7 or 8 of them in lamps , all worked perfectly as expected , no duds so far , I 'm very happy with them .
 I received this procuct quickly and without any issues . So far all of the bulbs have worked , no problems with this order .
 Very satisfied with this purchase!Tested every bulb and all work , despite what other reviews may have said . Will be sure to re-order these again !
 A great price on good quality bulbs , ca n't beat the deal . Stock up before they 're illegal to sell . You wo n't be sorry
 this package came just as expected . very well packaged so that the light bulbs arrived safe and sound . they are working great .
 It 's a light bulb . It 's 75 watt . It 's frosted . I have n't used it long enough to find out if it lives to it 's advertised life span .
 When I saw this tool I wanted to give it a try , I do drywall on a regular basis , so I thought this tool might work , although I was a little hessitant because of the price , I thought it was a bit , pricey , well I ordered the tool , did n't know what to expect , it looks a little flimsy but it 's pretty sturdy , I know some people would say that all you need to rip drywall is your measuring tape & knife , but this tool does what it 's suppossed to do & does it fast & clean , this actually saved me some time in my last drywall project , a 20 X 20 garage with 10 ' walls ... if you can cut drywall using your measuring tape & knife you probably do n't need this tool , although this is much easier than doing it that way ... try it you wo n't be dissapointed ... the 4 stars is because of the price , I think it should be priced at around $ 35 or $ 40 ...
 I love this glue and have been using it for years . The best for trim work or kitchen installers .
 This stuff holds fantastic on wood . Sets almost instantly . Do n't be slow !
 I wondered how good this product would be on my lathe - now I would n't be without it for all the time it saves and the wonderful job it does .
 I ordered these wall pops for my 11 year old son 's room -LRB- black , green and orange -RRB- and they are awesome . Really easy to put up and reposition , if you do n't get them perfect the first time . Kids could decorate their own space . I highly recommend these .
 The price was good and delivery excellent . The reason for buying this item is my old straps are looking like failure could be imminent.Always be prepared . PS
 I needed an outdoor extension cable with multiple plugs to connect party lights I have suspended from a pergola on my deck . I did not want an ugly orange or green cord . This cable works well and has not had any problems . It feels rugged and thick , but still bends reasonably well . Glad I bought it .
 This item is value-priced , and works great . I especially like the triple tap end which is parallel , rather than a `` cube . '' The usual cube is awkward to plug 3 things into ; but the parallel end is much easier to deal with !
 As a quick 'n' dirty way of getting electricity to my patio , this cable is working perfectly . I 've strung it along the eaves of the house on little hooks , where it reaches the arbor and powers some outdoor lighting , heating , and music . It 's subdued color is much better than the safety orange of most outdoor power extensions , and the insulation is tough . The cord has n't showed any signs of overheating , even with the electric heaters running for a few hours . And animals have left it alone , so far as I can tell.Eventually I 'd like to replace this with proper wiring , but this is working out great in the meantime .
 This is actually a replacement for an identical unit which was taken out by an electrical surge during a storm . It has expanded ring melodies and is a real hit with the grand kids . I chose this many years ago when my wired door bell system died , and I realized that replacing the existing one with another wired system would require me to cut a hole in my ceiling to replace the failed part . I never had any trouble with the previous unit and am not expecting any with this one.The unit ordered from -LSB- ... -RSB- arrived as ordered and much faster than I expected .
 The change of tune should not be placed on the outside of the doorbell button . As a result , outside people or visitors could accidentally touch that small button and the tune will be changed . It should be placed inside the doorbell button . The chime should be placed as close to the doorbell button as possible . It did not work when I placed it twenty feet away , not to mention the fact that the manufacturer claims that it can be placed as far as 100 feet away ! It is very clumsy to replace the battery on the doorbell button . If one places the chime as close to the doorbell button as possible , the sound of the chime is loud and clear . It would be even better if the size of the chime is smaller .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 I purchased this item to replace a broken garage door extension spring . The basic installation was easy enough although the job is a lot easier and safer if it is done by two people . The most difficult part is getting an accurate reading of the door weight and the correct tension . My garage door is 30 years old so the previous springs did not have the safety cable . The cable is a great safety feature and can save serious injury or damage . Installing the cable was a bit tricky because the instructions are written in very tiny print . However , once you understand how it works , the installation is simple enough .
 Install included safety cableFor 7-Feet high doors weighing 150-PoundMaximum overall safe length when stretched is 67-InchRead and understand all instructions before beginning work
 Overall I am pleased with this box . The clearances inside are narrow , so you will need to take care with your wiring , but I was able to accommodate a bulky Lutron dimmer switch in mine without a problem . My only qualm is that the knockouts are not a perfect match for the Wiremold Cordmate II raceways . When mated with the smaller of the two knockouts punched into this box , with both the raceway and the box mounted to a flat surface , the flat Cordmate raceway fails to completely cover the opening , leaving a 1mm or so gap . This is of little consequence , of course , but I had expected that by purchasing the Wiremold brand box , I 'd get a dead match . I 'm not quite sure what raceway system Wiremold had in mind for this box .
 In the course of running building automation and controls business , I have seen my share of 7day timers -LRB- it 's not a pretty sight :-RRB- . This one is one of my favorites . Nice mixture of features , ease of use , size and price.The vendor was prompt and item arrived undamaged.I am reserving one star because I am a conservative guy and I am waiting on data about longevity , accuracy etc. . .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 I have used the sleeve hooked into my lathe to sand a numer of items , from guitar sides to walking sticks . It does some jobs that none of my other sanders could handle
 Use on my lathe to sand almost anything at variable speeds - forward and reverse . Only issue is the creep of the sandpaper on the roll - solved by a couple small squares of double sided carpet tape near the edges .
 As a professional woodworker and handyman this stuff is great for lots of stuff . A real time saver . Get the activator with it . I mostly use the thick or gel .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 Great Product !! Just What I Needed For My Chair Leg !! Willing to buy Again !! Enjoyed Product !! Good Wood Filler Minwax .
 this thing is amazing , it took me a little bit to get the technique but once I did it works like a charm on chisels , knives , basically anything I need sharp .
 Pleased with the quality , very pleased with the price , these chisels are as nice as those costing a great deal more . Good option for the thrifty woodworker
 Fantastic product . The very idea of spending over a hundred bucks for a set of chisels makes me shudder . I 'm choosy about where I 'll put my money and for the money , these ca n't be beat .
 I am currently taking a Woodworking 101 class so I am by no means an authority on chisels but I 've used it several times and it is comfortable to hold and very sharp . My instructor had told us that all new chisels need to be sharpened but this one has worked fine and certainly seems sharp enough for me . :-RRB- My instructor also told me that this is a good brand .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 I have a switched outlet under the deck attached to the rear of the house and it does get wet and is damp in this location . I needed a transformer designed for these conditions . It powers ten low voltage lights used for mood lighting in the back yard . A previously transformer corroded and was ruined in this location . The Kichler 15PL300AZT works marvelously in these conditions . It has been installed and in operation for two months and is working beautifully .
 When searching for timber framing chisels and slicks , I came across the Marples -LRB- now owned by Irwin Industries -RRB- 2 '' M444/2 Blue Chip chisel . For $ 12.76 and free shipping , I was willing to take a little risk on this item.In my search , I was looking for a long blade and sturdy handle . The pictures , although nice , did not give dimensions - for those looking - here you go!Blade width is 2 '' -LRB- scaled at 51mm -RRB- . Full width blade length is 5 `` Overall length is 113/4 `` Exposed steel is 7 '' + 43/4 '' handleComments
 I recently got into bowl turning on a lathe . I use a combination of regular lathe chisels and old fashioned wood chisels to hollow out the inside of the bowl . I had the Marples chisels , so those are the ones I used . The Marples chisels are sharp , strong and work so much faster than the regular lathe chisels . I bought a 2 '' chisel so I could work faster even than with the 1 '' chisel I had . As a bonus , the 2 '' chisel is substantially longer than the 1 '' , so easier to use and more effective.Another plus , the 2 '' Marples chisel is $ 15.95 , a 1 '' straight edge lathe chisel by a good manufacturer is $ 70 . The Marples chisel is faster and cuts better . The only draw back , and it is slight , is the length of the chisel . The startard lathe chisel is nearly 2 ' long , the Marples chisel about 1 ' , so the lathe chisel is better for deep bowls . Considering the price and performance , the Marples is outstanding.I also use the Marples chisel as a regular chisel and am quite happy with the performance .
 I had tried the garden augers and they are hard to use unless the soil is perfect . I needed to plant a huge amount of a ground cover so I decided I might as well try this . It worked perfect , I was not continually having to retighten the auger and it went through the soil like a knife through butter . If you are planting something larger than a vine you will have to drill two or three holes together but this is not a big issue because it drills the holes so fast . The only issue is you must have a 1/2 inch drill so that was an added expense but I purchased a cheap electric so I would not have to worry about running the battery down in the middle of my work . This has worked amazingly for me .
 My 2 year old had figured out all the door knob covers we had found so far . I really needed a one piece cover so he could n't just break it apart and escape our apartment . This one fits the bill !
 I had reservations about this , but read all the reviews and information I could find . I received it over the holidays . I had every knife in the house razor sharp and shaving within 2 hours . It takes a few knives to get the hang of it , so find a couple of cheap ones to practice with . The edge holds well , but like any edge it is dependant on the angle and steel of the blade.Warning - When you get the hang of using this system you will be able to sharpen knives to a dangerously sharp edge . You wont want to leave them lay in a drawer unprotected . Even those cheap stainless steel pairing knives you get for next to nothing or for free can be sharpened until they are wickedly sharp.After you get the hang of it you will need less than 30 seconds to refresh a blade back to razor sharp . Maybe 1 minute for a new one . Read the directions provided with the kit and follow them . Ensure the correct wax or compound is applied to the correct wheel and do n't put too much on or use too much pressure with the knife.I have sharpened 30 or more knives and the grit on the rough wheel is still it tact . It will eventually wear off and you will need to put new on . It 's a simple process and the extra grit comes with the kit . Go to the web site for complete usage and instructions . Many videos are online throughout the net and yes , it 's as easy as it looks . There are several bulletin boards dedicated to these wheels that will answer many of the questions you might have.Several recommendations , have a dedicated bench grinder . A cheap one will do . The 8 '' wheels fit on a 6 '' bench grinder . Your grinder needs to have removable guards for the wheels to fit . A light is a good addition also . The reason for a dedicated grinder is so you do n't have to take the wheels off and on . The hub wo n't take a lot of installations because they are a snug fit and you will spend some time balancing them by rotating them on the hub to get the least vibration . The wheels come with a plastic reducer for the two most common shaft sizes . Do not over tighten the hub nuts.If you have ever used a stone or Lansky type sharpener you know how long it can take to get a good edge . While I can produce a good edge using one of these methods I can do it much , much quicker and consistently sharper with the paper wheel system . If you have several kitchen knives , hunting knife or pocket knife I highly recommend this system not only for the consistently sharp edges but for the time it will save you ,
 I recieved this razor sharp system for Christmas , Installed it on my grinder to give it a try . Some friends had said it worked great for them But you know one 's a fisherman and they keep thier knifes sharp with stones i guess . . Anyhow after the first knife I had the angle down flat and within an hour every knife in my house was razor sharp I mean shaving paper off an 1/8 of an inch at a time . I 'm ordering a couple more to send to my brothers . It 's great I mean razor sharp !!!! And easy like 2 minutes a knife .
 I 've just never had the patience to manually sharpen a knife to be `` razor sharp '' - the `` it 's sharp enough '' attitude always takes over . On the other hand , it 's really nice to have razor sharp knives , especially in the kitchen.So , I did research on the various sharpener options - from old fashioned whetstones -LRB- lots of manual effort -RRB- to fancy knife sharpeners -LRB- either gimmicky , do n't work all that well , or only really work with certain knives -RRB- - and I ended up picking this.As they recommended , I read the instructions , practiced on some of the cheaper knives that I had kicking around my kitchen , and inside of 10 minutes I was able to turn a few cheap junk knives into near surgically sharp instruments.It 's not at all complicated - I was worried about being able to hold the knife at a steady angle , etc. and it just is n't all that hard - it 's more about consistency than actually achieving any particular angle . Just use the grit wheel to rough in the edge , and use the segmented wheel with some rouge to buff it out.Literally - if you ca n't turn something that 's butter knife sharp into something that you could shave with inside of 3 minutes using this , you 're doing something wrong , because this is definitely capable of it .
 If you are constantly using a knife and having to sharpen them frequently , then this is the best way to go . You can have a blade razor sharp in just a few minutes . Easy to use , although training yourself to hold the blade at the desired angle takes a little pratice . It works great .
 This Razor Sharp kit works great . The wax keeps the blade 's edge cool . The edge gets so sharp on my SOG vg-10 blade pocket knife that I do n't dare lend it . If you follow the directions exactly , the wheels are safe . Great product .
 This is , without a doubt , the greatest knife sharpener ever !!! I have used every method under the sun to attempt to sharpen knives and all have failed compared to this method . These paper wheels will turn any blade into a razor . This is the only way I will ever sharpen a knife .
 I 've tried quite a few systems to sharpen my knives . This is the only one I can use to get an extremely sharp edge . Its curious that some steels do better than others - and generally a knife with a reputation for sharpness , like a Mora , will produce the best results with this . I was even able to get an ax razor sharp . Does take practice .
 I have used plastic low voltage Malibu lighting before . I was satisfied with them , but these metalic landscape floodlights not only look great , they work very well . They are designed to make bulb replacement a snap .
 I bought these to replace a couple of lights damaged by my roofers . These lights were the same that were in my original set . They 're metal , sturdy and I prefer the softer light as these shine on my house compared to LED 's or flourescent lights . the lights arrived promptly and as promised . I bought a couple extras to save on shipping giving me a couple of spares . They were a good deal . Overall very happy with price and what I received .
 I searched around a lot for low cost landscape lighting and these lights are by far the least expensive . Although the shipping costs go up based on the number of lights you purchase , it is pretty minor and overall , the total price is much less expensive than the store . The lights are either 10w or 20w , I ca n't be sure , but they are bright enough for uplighting on shrubs and trees and accent lighting around the home and garden . I ordered about 20 and had one that did n't work and the company sent out a replacement . The construction is just fine . I recommend these for a budget .
 Inexpensive metal light with a plastic stake . If you remove the light from the base then you can screw on the stake without twisting the wiring . Very little in common with the 20w which are very nice . Shipping on these is cheaper if you order more than one .
 Take note
 Good price and provide the light I want . Only real problem is the metal corrodes and the light socket corrodes to mush after only a couple years . May be the severe SE Texas weather but I think the quality could be significantly improved .
 I got a chandalier that required 10W LT9 bulbs . went to home depot and paid $ 6 for two . Then I saw this on Amazon , order a few and here it is . works great . its been one month with no outage.I would rather keep replacing the bulb that costs be 25 cents than pay $ 3 for it . Big bix stores are a rip off.Just wanted to update all . I found cheap 1.5 W LED light bulbs on Amazon.comJC10 Bi-pin 10w Replacement G4 9SMD LED 1.5 w/99 Lumen Bulb , Warm WhiteThese LED bulbs fit perfectly into these light fixtures and illuminiate enough of my shrubs and trees for mere 1.5 W , at one tree I put three of these fixtures and with 3 LED , it really lights up the tree and I dont have to worry about leaving the light on at night . LOL
 Good quality for the price . The only part that is not metal is the stake , as long as you utilize some caution it is plenty strong for the light assembly . Ca n't beat the price of these .
 I was looking to replace my old weathered malibu spot lights and with these , they got the job done ! They were very affordable and easy to install . The lights come with a 10Watt bulb . They will spot light any walk way or entry way .
 Just as advertised . However , it 's made of cheap materials -LRB- China -RRB- and the female threads of the set screws on two out of three lights were stripped . That 's probably normal for this type of device.Jeff Winholt
 Ordered a few of these from Amazon cheaper than I could get them from my local big-box store . Arrived in tip-top shape , installed in my project bed easily and work great . The hood allows you to place the light where you want it without the source being visible . Keep in mind these are ` accent ' lights , not the super bright ones . I tied them with 4-watt landscape lights for a more subdued accent and they look great . I aimed a couple of them at a gargoyle and it makes it look like it is glowing at night .
 This product seems to be well made with metal housing instead of plastic . It seems more solid than previous construction . The price is not outrageous and perhaps the bulb will last longer than in the past . And the wattage is 10 rather than the under-powered 4 or 7 .
 I am very pleased with these lights . They are a quality product and illuminate beautifully .
 I 'll make this short and to the point.PROS : The lamp head is made of lightweight but sturdy metal.The gasketing seems adequate . After a month 's use I see no evidence of leakage.The beam shape is even without hotspots.The price is excellent considering the relatively high quality.CONS : The ground stake is plastic and not as sturdy as the lamp head.The power connectors are downright cheesy . Small and made of flimsy plastic , they looked like they would fail in the first week . I used 12 guage wire and the connectors are actually too small for that guage . To avoid problems , I coated mine thoroughly with silicone sealant .
 These lights are durable and work quite well but with the 20W being a few cents more here on Amazon you might as well get the 20W and get all metal including the stake which as another reviewer stated these are not . You can always put a 10W bulb in the 20W light . It is the same size and you get the metal stake.Aside from the plastic stake which is not really that much of an issue -LRB- I have many of these and have never seen on break -RRB- these lights are quite nice . They are durable , very bright , have a well focused light probably around 36 degrees , and provide nice accent lighting for bushes and trees . These are not suitable for up lighting because of how the protective cover along the front is located as it will retain about half an inch of water.Overall
 I have several of these lights around my deck and yard . They do a great job for 10W lights . I prefer the plastic stakes on these to metal stakes that come on some others . In the past I have had steel and cast aluminum stakes on fixtures and they all corrode or rust away . These stakes are sturdy , but do n't try to drive them into hard soil . Either soak the ground or use a big screwdriver to loosen the soil before installing them . Also , the bulbs are available on Amazon for about 10 % of the big box store cost . Make sure to use a tissue or glove to hold the new bulb when replacing it . Oils or grease from your fingers will shorten the life of a halogen bulb dramatically .
 I replaced older Malibu/Intermatic plastic lights with these using the same Power Supply and they work really well . The metal housing will hold up better than the plastic ones I used to have . Wiring was simple and the instructions clear .
 I bought these to light trees in the yard , as part of a 600W low voltage setup . They do the job as intended , even though they are not as substantial as the all-metal lights . For the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 IHAVE THIS LIGHTS , THEY ARE GOOD , THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT THE BULBS DOES NOT LAST LONG . THE REPLACEMENT BULBS COST ABOUT 11.99 PLUS TAX FOR TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- OF THEM .
 I had trouble finding the exact model light needed at Lowes and Home Depot to expand my yard lighting project.The price I found on line was competative quick shipping , very convient .
 I had a few of the light bulbs go out and happened across this unit online . As it turned out the online price was cheaper than a bulb at my local Orange big box store . Order arrived very quickly and was very easy to replace . I would recommend to a friend .
 This is my second Bosch Palm Router , I use both and love the balanced smooth operation of both of them . The first one I paid retail and it is absolutely no different than my reconditioned one . The locking mechanism was a little too tight when I got it so all I did was to loosen the nut on the bolt and the cam lock works great now . I have another trim router , it 's a Makita and it is n't nearly as smooth as the Bosch . I have several woodworking/cabinet making friends who have tried my Bosch and went out and bought one . The good part about reconditioned tools is they are still under warranty so if there is a major issue you can send it back for repair . I pay as much for some of my router bits as I do for this little router . It 's a great deal and I may buy a few more since changing bits is what kills my production time . I do woodworking for a living .
 PROS : This is my 3rd Bosch `` Reconditioned '' tool in the last 6 years - all arrived in virtually `` New '' condition . The Colt was no exception . Absolutely no scratches , dings or marks of any sort anywhere on the unit - even the case was spotless inside and out . The only way to tell it 's not new is a small white sticker and `` RECON '' branded into the case by the speed control wheel.The router functions as it should - power switch , soft-start , speed selection . I have 6 other routers from 1hp to twin 3 hp table-mounted . The Colt will replace an old RotoZip with '' collet and shop-made base I 've been using for edging . Have only used the Bosch for rounding oak , but the constant speed seems to work well.Will take the $ 30 I saved and buy more edging bits!CONS : The `` Quick-Lock '' is hard to reach unless you remove the motor and is spring loaded , so has to be continually pressed while you push on the wrench.The `` New '' model ships with both `` collet and shaft wrenches '' for when the `` Quick-Lock '' gives out - This `` RECON '' only included the 17mm collet wrench.The case is well constructed , but far too large - sized to hold all the extra bases . Tight-fitting molded dividers mean you have to remove any bit and completely collapse the router height before storage . Would rather have more useful area for the router and less for all the accessories I did n't buy.The latches are also a pain , as they open down , not up , like every other tool case I have ever owned . Since both sides of the case are identical , I often open the case upside down and everything falls out .
 I am very pleased with this Bosch factory reconditioned trim router . It feels good in my hands and is powerful for heavy work.I have purchased several power tools from the Bosch reconditioning factor and have been pleased with all purchases . I also enjoy the money savings that provides!Damon Shodrock
 wonderfull tool very helpfull glad I bought one will recomend to others . I need eight more words so I really do like this product
 I have purchased a number of Bosch reconditioned tools and have not been disappointed with the quality of any of them . This tool is no exception . It looked like new when it arrived and has worked well every time I have used it although to be fair I am not a heavy user . I have only had one problem with this tool and that is the depth adjustment . You have to carefully watch when routing to be certain that the motor and cutting unit is not slipping down in the base giving you and unwanted cut on the surface you are routing . This happened to me recently when I was working on slab mesquite that I was making into a lazy susan . I was using a rounding blade and noticed it start to dig into the top of the wood . I tightened the holding mechanism several times but there was still some slippage . Fortunately , the damage to the top was easily repaired but users need to be aware of this problem . Other than the slippage , a useful tool .
 I use this router more than any other router in my shop . An OUTSTANDING tool .
 Good complement to my vintage crystals , but buyers need to know this crystal is not as heavy as ones traditionally on your 60 's chandeliers .
 Well constructed , and easy to install . You may need to cut to size , and also make sure you remove any rubber bumper from your existing slider if that gets in the way -LRB- you can install a smaller one below this bar if you need to -RRB- . The locking pin would require an intruder to completely shatter the entire slider , from what I can tell . Remember - burglars look for convenience . Make it harder than someone elses ' house and they will most likely bypass yours .
 best sliding door lock ever used , had one installed over 20 years ago could n't find one any place else recommend this item and this company
 Just as advertised - very functional - excellent value . Installation can be accomplished by pretty much anyone with a hack saw , 1/8 '' drill bit , drill & Phillips head screw driver . I had two doors done in 20 minutes.I was always finding the old wood stick not replaced after someone used the door . This puts the bar at a much more convenient level . Dropping and locking it has become second nature for everyone in the house.I purchased paint that matches my door frame but chose to leave the anodized aluminum , which actually is n't that noticeable as it blends with the sky in the background.Amazon vendor -LRB- az partsmaster -RRB- was solid with a quick ship and everything bubble wrapped well .
 Measure , cut , put the cap on , screw the stand and that it ; 2 minutes assembly , I am not a handy man by any means . For this price it is excellent product .
 This is a great product to have to increase security on your patio door . It is relatively easy to install , but the packet of hardware contained items which were not used and not referred to in the written instructions so it was a little confusing .
 I do n't have a drill or any know-how , so I had this installed by a handyman who was doing some other projects in the house . He said it was pretty simple . I like the little key that blocks the bar from being popped up !
 This charly bar is the best security device going . It 's self storing , easy to install and impossible to defeat . A great value for the money .
 Installation was a breeze . It fits perfectly and is super fast to put in place . Extra peace of mind for very little money .
 Do n't expect miracles , it is 15 bucks , but totally worth it , makes your door a lot more secure . I installed security film on the glass and this one to the patio doors and voil&aacute; ! I can now sleep better . In addition , since it takes a lot more trouble breaking the glass now , I put a vibration alarm and I am totally satisfied that any thief entering at night will make enough noise to wake me up and rack the shotty !
 Pro : - Price !!! - Comes with all the hardware required for a typical patio door-Can ' t be `` jimmied '' open , small `` peg '' or `` pin '' that looks like a key holds it in place . There 's a small chain that keeps the `` peg/pin '' near point of use so that you do n't lose it.-Same feature which makes it `` jimmy-proof '' also makes it impossible for our 18-month old son to pull it out and play with it , defeating the security -LRB- our son can pull out other `` charlie '' bars but not this one -RRB- . - Bar folds up of the way -LRB- like a drawbridge -RRB- without having to put it someplace out of the way like other bars-Better than both the piece of oak and the removable charlie bars that we were using-Comes with a little black rubber cap so that when you cut to size it does not have a raw/sharp/unfinished-looking end-Looks similar to bars used on the TV show `` It Takes a Thief `` Con : - Aluminum bar is easy to scratch , be careful when cutting it to size-The bar can be a little hard to pull out once in the up position , suggest mounting it about a 1/3 of the way from the floor . In this way , the tip/top/end of the bar is easy to pull down and resecure . An added bonus of this is that this also guarantees that there 's enough clearance to fold it up in the first place.-Wish it was painted or anodized in different colors . Aluminum is hard to paint and looks a little unfinished . The bar is silver in color.-Cheap screws . One sheared in half during install -LRB- but there was an extra one in the bag and we also have a big tin of them -RRB- . Neutral : - Tools I used
 We have a 3 yr old and 2 yr old triplets , so needless to say we tried everything from ropes , to 2x4 's to keep the patio door closed , but they got it open everytime . This did the trick . We 've had it about 3 months and they still have n't figured out how to open it . Construction is good . Assembly took about 10 minutes . I used a sawzall to cut it to length . It 's a great solution and when it 's folded out of the way you do n't even know it 's there .
 I like it much better than the unattached bar I was using . Flip-up is the way to go . It was easy to install and comes with hardware for both inner and outer sliding doors.Whatever I build I overbuild ; this was no exception . I had a piece of rebar in the garage , so I cut it to length and slipped it inside the aluminum bar . TOTALLY unnecessary , but that rebar was just looking for something to do .
 I read all of the other reviews before buying this and I went to other stores to try to find it first . The only ones I found at Home Depot and Lowe 's had an adjustable bar that was held at the needed size by some kind of tension clip . I thought that was inadequate and liked that this one adjusted by cutting to size . I found cutting it to size to be easy with a hack saw and only took a few minutes . I also bought a 1/2 '' square length of wood that fit perfectly inside the hollow bar to give it added strength without making it too heavy.I found it harder to install that some others . Getting the bar part was easy enough but the side that has the rest was harder than I wanted it to be . Even with all of my efforts it is off a little . It is level -LRB- and I used a level -RRB- but it is a little closer to the glass than the hinged/bar side . Still it seems to work well now that I have it in place . The screw heads stripped easily and I had to go buy some new ones after my initial effort . That was fine but I think the screws that come with it are kind of cheap.I would say once it is installed it is AWESOME ! I love that it is one piece , I love the key that prevents lifting it up . It is a great product . I gave it 4 stars because I found it a little harder to install than I thought it should be and harder than other reviewers seem to think it was.The shipping was fast and it was well packaged in bubble wrap.I recommend it , just measure carefully and be careful with the screws unless you want to have to go buy more like I did .
 After reading reviews of several safety stops for my patio door , I chose this one . I was n't sure if I could install it myself but knew my son could when he visited . After reading the instructions and using a level , screwdriver , a nail to start the hole for the screws , I installed it myself . I used a regular saw to cut to fit and after placing the rubber cap on , it did n't matter if the cut was a little rough . The price , installation and feeling more secure in my home are wonderful benefits from this product . Local stores , Home Depot and Lowes , did n't carry the bar , which I think is a big mistake , online is the only way I could buy the bar . If this grandmother can install it , so can all the other ladies reading this review !
 product does what it 's supposed to doeasy to installgood priceInstalling 2 at different positions high and low is fantastic security
 This security bar is installed in a recently improved patio door installation . It allows for easy security without using the faulty procedure of dropping a wood piece into the bottom track area to prevent opening the door . Wood pieces will still allow the door to be tipped somewhat while the new security bar holds the door shut from the center of the door area . Much safer !!
 This product is really easy to install . Can be placed at any height . Easy to use and is a great security feature to have . Highly recommended !!
 What is not included in the box or even on this site is an actual picture showing this product once installed . I had never seen these before in real use , so a completed picture would have helped . They do include sketches , but it could have been better . Nonetheless , I purchased the item based on the customer reviews.They include parts and screws depending on your patio door situation . Whether your sliding door is on the inside , outside , or if BOTH panels slide . So , there may be unused hardware once your job is complete . The installation instructions DO N'T identify all pieces.My sliding patio doors have the decorative grids between the glass . I have since completed the project and should have taken the horizontal grid into consideration when I chose where to position my bar . The most important factor while considering placement is to be sure you give your bar enough room to clear the top of the frame while the bar is not in use . After that , I should have positioned the bar to align with the grid system , so that it does n't stand out . Frankly , it is not aesthetically pleasing . I 'll have to decide whether to move it and deal with the bothersome open screw holes I would leave behind , or keep it where it is and deal with the blatantly mispositioned bar . Hopefully , if you have the same grid system , you will avoid this error.I must say that I ordered this item 4 months prior to installment . I had n't even opened the box until today . The bar that was included had a warped/bent center . I 'm hoping that it does n't prove defective if and when needed to actually perform ! It 's probably too late to exchange , but I definitely would have had I opened the box in a much more timely fashion.My slider is less than 48 `` s wide , so I did need to cut the bar . I did with a hacksaw , easily.I used a level , but passed on the 1/8 drillbit/drilling . They warn you not to go too deep on the sliding door because you could hit the glass panel and it could cause breakage . I did n't take the chance and just used a screwdriver manually . Just needed a little elbow grease.Bottom line , once installed this product does give my previously `` shaky '' door a nice and tight secure fit . That was the goal !
 A good filter . Too bad 3M bought AEARO , as these are becoming harder to find . It would n't be so bad if they made something that fit my AEARO housing .
 Mosquito Magnet Replacement Net for Liberty Plus MM3100NETThis is the net for the 2008 Version of the Mosquito Magnet , called the Liberty Plus . It 's larger and more expensive than nets for past models ; but , it works !
 Worth getting since cost elsewhere is so much more . Does what it says if you use it right -- it catches mosquitos
 What can I say - it 's a net . It came with no rips , tears , or holes large enough to allow getaways . It fits in the Mosquito Magnet ; it catches the bugs ... what more could you ask for ?!
 Just thought I would let everyone know that after searching around online , Mosquito Control Technology sells these for the cheapest price I 've found . Great product , fast shipping , and their customer service is great -LRB- I had my machine repaired by them too -RRB- .
 These RS-232C surge protectors seem to work just like any standard surge protector , isolating each of the nine pins most likely through varistors to catch any voltage leaks that would normally cause damage . I currently have 3 of these hooked up to an industrial DE-9 multiplexer and they seem to be doing their job just fine . My only gripe is these are enormous 1-1/2 x 3 x 3/4 inches which is typical a great deal bigger than a normal DE-9 end which make them exceptionally difficult to install on a piece of lab equipment which has multiple RS-232 ports in very close proximity .
 they seem to do what they are intended to do . no problems , so that 's a good thing . would recommend . I live a high lightning mountainous area in Colorado .
 Ordered this when I has apparent surge issues feeding back via ethernet . Easy to install ; absolutely has n't affected internet speed on any computer or device . Giving only 4 stars initially since it 's new and we 'll see how it works over time .
 This light is easy to install , attractive looking and gives off a good amount of light . It was a great replacement for the plastic cheap fixtures in our living room .
 inexpensive and works well . using it in commercial application . holding up well and have had no issues with heating element or blower assy
 The filter we received is different than the item pictured . The filter received has a snap and twist base instead of the screw-in base pictured . BUT after I called the vendor about it , I received a conversion fitting in the mail , so the snap and twist filter now fits the face mask correctly . It worked well .
 Who is that masked man ? That 's what my granddaughter wanted to know after seeing me wearing the AO Safety Woodworker 's Respirator . It has worked fine for me thus far . I experienced no fogging and no face or head discomfort . I agree with another reviewer who stated he did n't have the desire to take it off and burn it like some other masks . Well put ! After using a few at home as well as in the USMC , I know exactly what he means . This one is lightweight and as comfortable as you 're going to get wearing this type . I have n't had mine on for longer than 30 minutes in mild temperatures . I ca n't say it would never get annoying if worn for an extended period of time in hot weather because , frankly in my experience , they all do . Do n't forget to order yourself extraAO Safety Replacement Filters . ~ The Boss
 I have had this mask for several monthes now and really like the design . The mask conforms and the seals tightly to my face without pinching , and I can wear my safety glasses . For the most part I have been using it during the remodeling of my basement . It is perfect for filtering out fiberglass and plaster dust . I have come out of a room looking like a snowman without any dust getting into my lungs . The mask is easy to clean and filter changes are simple to make and filters do n't cost much . This is great protect against all nuisance dust and I should have purchase this mask long ago .
 This is the first respirator I have bought and did so based on other customer reviews . So far it has worked exceptionally well . I have recently even grown a beard and it still seals to my face without excessive pressure . The filters seem to do well and have prevented inhalation of dust . It functions considerably better than disposable fiber masks .
 The mask fits my face perfectly . It 's comfortable and easy to ware for long periods of time . You can breathe normally and the vents keep it from getting hot or muggy inside the mask.The straps are adjustable and hold firm . I do n't think they 'll stretch out any time soon.One thing I did n't like was that I did n't see any information on the packaging about how to order replacement filters ... That could just be me though . Lucky for us Amazon has them.AO Safety Replacement Filters for Woodworker 's Respirator , 4-Pack # 95191
 This respirator is comfortable enough that its not a bother to wear ever for long hours in the shop . Filters are inexpensive and simple to replace , straps are easy to adjust and seal over mouth and nose is tight . Highly recommended !
 I wear a ton of dust masks around the job site . I have bad allergies AND if you tend to read up on the materials your using and demo-ing , you 'll find that everything should have a MR. YUK skull and crossbones sticker on it . My grandfather died from asbestos . I do n't plan on following in his footsteps . I 've got a dust mask or respirator for everything . The 3M dust masks with the little valve are great , but they do n't really protect you against anything smaller than splinter sized particles -LRB- if you read the back label -RRB- . But you can wear them all day and not come home feeling like you 've inhaled an entire 2 ` x6 ' x 8 ' of treated lumber and you can blow your nose and NOT be horrified by the brown and chunky mess in your hanky . I saw this AO Saftey 95190 mask and bought it up . It is nothing more than the middle man between the paper mask and the full blown respirator . You can breath easier in it than you can , say , the AO lead mold organic vapor respirator , and the large upfront intake and duel side outflow valves have a lot to do with it . You can keep it a bit looser cause your only using it for sanding clean untreated , unstained , unpainted wood , RIGHT ?! Do not expect this mask to separate the real bad guys from your lungs . And your not going to want to go three hours in this thing either . Know what its used for , and in what conditions . be safe . Here 's to our good and long health
 At the time of purchase , the description for this item states that it comes with 2 filters . In fact , it only comes with one filter . This should n't be too big of a deal since you probably ordered the replacement filters when you purchased the respirator . Overall , I am happy with this product and it is a big improvement over disposable masks .
 I should have bought this respirator a long time ago . Works much better than typical paper masks . Comfortable for long periods . I have found that I use this more than paper masks . NO MORE STINKING PAPER MASKS . I can buy the replaceable paper filters locally .
 This is a good value . It 's comfortable and fits well . The fit is different from most respirators I 've used in that it does n't cover the chin , but seals above the chin under the lower lip . This helps it seal better over facial hair . The drawback is that it tends to flop open when bending over unless it is tightened considerably more . I 've been able to find a happy medium . It is much better filtering than the white particle masks and lighter weight than the bulkier two cartridge respirators . My sinuses and lungs are much clearer at the end of a day of sanding . I do n't normally write reviews , but this product is distinct enough it deserves recognition .
 I have worn many different MSA approved respirators and was very skeptical of this one being much better than a paper mask . I was pleasantly surprised at the quality fit and filtering of this mask . While it is designed for woodworking particles -LRB- sawdust -RRB- I have used it to help with other particles -LRB- like whatever it is that makes me sneeze and my nose run that is under the house -RRB- with great results .
 I purchased this mask to do electrical work in the attic and am not disappointed . The price was great and it worked perfectly to filter out the fiberglass dust , no more hacking and coughing . Wore the mask for about 2 hours while I was rewiring and found it to be very comfortable . I would definatley recommend it to anyone looking for an inexpensieve particle mask .
 The woodworker respirator works well , just as expected . It obviously filters out the dust ; it does not fog glasses .
 This mask works very well and is comfortable . Not only is this mask better than any other mask I have tried , but it is the only one that does not fog up my glasses . I bought it strictly for wood working , to keep out dust , not fumes .
 Great alternative to paper masks . I purchased this mask so that I would be able to work outside with my allergies . At first it was a little uncomfortable on the bridge of my nose , but after I loosened the strap I could wear it all day long . Filters very well but can get warm/sweaty with temperatures above 80 . Fair trade in my opinion for being able to be out doors and mow the lawn again .
 I have used this respirator for several years now and thought it was time to buy an additional one to stay with my work truck . I am an electrician and a professional woodworker and this respirator keeps the the dust from attic insulation to shop sawdust from being inhaled and does not fog up my glasses , which a pain in the neck if you are working with both hands and do n't have a third to clean your glasses off , and you ca n't beet the price .
 I 've used a North 5500 for quite a while due to comfort , price and effectivity . I find this AO product to be perfect for basic respirator needs . The filtering seems to be acceptable for general dust use . The due exhaust ports provide minimal resistance and the single strap self adjusts for a comfortable fit . I 'll leave my other respirator for more demanding uses and keep this one handy for the majority of my needs . I recommend you give it a try . Stay safe and live long .
 Bought this at a good price to use while cutting laminate flooring . Worked great for that . Also , Used it while grinding down some concrete . Again , worked great . Then used while mowing as it was very dry and dusty , with a lot of pollen .
 I have been building flutes for the past year and have had to use disposable dusk masks that never seemed to fit . Once you learn to pull the bottom rubber band over your head and seat the mask , then pull the other strap up and over , the mask seats , seals , and goes on easily . It is now a relief not to worry about the PVC and sometimes toxic wood dust that I was not quite getting trapped in those throwaway masks . Do yourself a favor and order extra filters . It only takes a second to be safe .
 This mask is the best I have found for easy clean breathing while wood working . The seal is tight on inhale and exhale , which means my glasses do n't fog up .
 I purchased this a couple of months ago and have had a chance to use it several times . The first time I put it on I was a little apprehensive about the way it fit , but I did get used to the fit pretty quickly . It is a little strange to have the bottom sitting on your chin and not under it , but the mask seals fine for me . I would guess that if you have a long face , the mask may not work , but it fits my face fine . If fact - I do n't even notice how it fits anymore.It seals , keeps the dust out and keeps my safety glasses from fogging up . The only complaint -LRB- and it 's minor -RRB- I have is that I 've has some condensation issues , but that 's probably due to the cold temps in the garage when I 'm working . Besides - a damp mask is much better than brown lung.I 'll never go back to the safety masks again .
 It works well and is as comfortable as a mask can be . I did n't give it 5 stars because I do get a little air coming in around my nose sometimes . I 've tried adjusting it but it still happens . Who knows , maybe it is just my nose . ; - -RRB-
 This respirator arrived promptly and I was eager to try it out . Like most woodworkers , I have used the cheap disposable face respirators for years with limited success ; most of the disappointment coming from the fit and the amount of air leakage along with my glasses fogging up . As advertised , your safety glasses will not fog up and the fit , even with my moustache , is good and efficient . The fit takes a while to settle on , but once the correct combination is found you will be pleased with the results ... buy the replacement filters at the same time so you wo n't run out .
 My main motivation for purchasing this respirator was safety . However , I 've noticed in the past year that after working with cedar I will suffer an allergy attack . Since wearing this respirator out in my shop during the completion of my cedar project , I have not suffered a woodworking allergy attack.For me it is very comfortable and works quite well as I 've noted . Follow the directions that come with it . They describe how to ensure a tight seal .
 I 've been using this respirator in my hobbyist woodshop for several months , and have been very pleased with the fit , comfort , airflow , and effectiveness . I find that I 'll wear it for a dusty operation -LRB- such as hand-sanding with no dust collection -RRB- , then forget to take it off as I do other things around the shop . It 's that comfortable to me . When you change the filter cartridge -- an economical process -- you 'll be amazed at the gunk you 've kept out of your lungs . Of course no rubber mask can be built that will fit EVERY face out there , but based on the feedback I 've seen , it looks like it fits most folks .
 This is a lot better than the cheap disposable dust masks that I was wearing . It fits really well and seems to be doing a better job of keeping the dust out . Once adjusted and tested as per the instructions , it did not fog up my glasses at all and sealed over my beard fine . It captures the moisture from your breath and retains it in the mask , that is the only drawback that I have found , but that is minor . I 've worn it for several hours at a time without worries.Update
 I work in a sheetrock/metal stud framing union for a living , first night i took it out and demo'ed like , 700sq feet of sheetrock , didnt get any of that white crap in my nose , -LRB- which also contains crystyal quartz in a small ammount , the main ingredient in silicosis -RRB- and no funny smell , i just cleaned it out , and used it again ! more economical than buying paper masks over and over , and i can clip this on my tool belt ! haha !
 I was looking for a respirator that did not fog my safety glasses , was not bulky , and reasonably priced . The side vents work for keeping my glasses from fogging very well.The mouthpiece does feel a little small , but seems to seal and work.Update 11/2008
 You know why workers hate dust masks ? Because they 're hot , smell funny , do n't fit properly , are n't comfortable , and for all of that , barely work . This mask fits pretty well , seals tightly , and when you take out the filter at the end of the day and clap it between your hands ... well , it 's nice to see the cloud of what you DID N'T breathe come out of it . Inexpensive and effective .
 I wear it and almost forget its on , I read the reviews about fit , and had some concerns , -LRB- 7-5/8 '' hat -RRB- but have not had a problem , bought it 10/7/07 for hobby woodworking , and am still waiting to change the filter . -LRB- bought filters at time of purchase -RRB- I have the bigger model too , for painting , staining , its also great , -LRB- Safety-95090-Quicklatch -RRB- these 95090 Quicklatch filters , take the actual smell out of the air .
 This mask is very comfortable for long wear . Its designed so that the bottom rests just below your lip . Testing the seal on this yields excellent results . Filters are easy to replace .
 I have been using this Respirator for months and i love it , i work at a UPS Hub and it gets VERY dusty , especially when i am unloading parcels inside trailers , this Respirator has literally been a life saver to me and a few co workers i bought it for.One of my co workers had allergies so i got his this Respirator and he no longer has any allergies , awesome!I highly recommend this to anyone who 's like me and works in a dusty environments , it 's the best $ 14 you 'll spend .
 The AO Safety 95190 Woodworkers Breather really works , keeping your lungs free of micro dust that makes life and woodworking hell . This is a `` Ca n't go wrong '' item . I love it !!! Happy Woodworking . .
 I am a woodworker and have a lung disease called COPD . I have tried those silly paper masks , the more expensive 3M masks and full-face North Lunar masks . The issue I face has to do with inhaling . I only inhale 30 % of a normal lung capacity , so other masks cut off my oxygen supply completely . -LRB- Not so good if you really enjoy breathing . -RRB- This mask is light-weight , does n't fog my eye glasses and , believe it or not , I am able to breath without any restrictions . It must be the large air intake in the front of the mask.I also bought the Dewalt DPG54-1C Protector Clear High Performance Lightweight Protective Safety Glasses with Wraparound Frame . These work great with this mask AND fit over my prescription eye glasses with no problem .
 I have been using this mask design since 1978 and like the soft , snug fit I get.Pretty easy to breathe in too.JIM
 This dust mask -LRB- respirator -RRB- is great . It is very comfortable , does what it is supposed to do , and does n't cost a lot . It is far superior to the typical disposable respirators .
 I was a bit skeptical of how this mask would perform , as I yet to meet a mask that I could wear for more than 3 minutes at a time , but I was very pleasantly surprised . I 've been using a standard 3M type mask that you find at home improvement stores , but my safety glasses were constantly getting fogged up , and I was still getting particulate matter under the mask , especially when sanding on my lathe . I got this mask because the reviews were good , especially from fellow woodturners , and they were spot on . This thing is so comfortable that I even use it while doing finish scraping/skewing of my wood turning projects . Highly recommended .
 A reasonable wood dust filter for the price . A little restrictive in moving air in and out but bareable . Fits over my big nose and seals well enough to avoid fogging my safety glasses . Which is my original peeve with paper filter masks - always fogging my safety glasses especially in either hot or cold weather . In the end a good dust collection system is the solution but this is a reasonable $ 15 fix .
 This is a great product . My husband uses it for yard work and it has helped with his allergies .
 This mask is great . I suffer from very bad sinus problems . And this does the trick . Stops Dust and my nose is very happy . Very easy to breath in .
 This is the first respirator I 've ever worn that I would truly say is comfortable . It does n't fog my safety glasses , it does n't get hot and stuffy , and the rubber seals fit nicely . It works great , and after a few minutes , I did n't even notice it was there !
 I bought this respirator to use while woodturning . While someday I may want to upgrade to a Triton or a Trend , I could not be happier with this , especially for the price . It fits well and always seals properly , whether I am clean shaven or not . I would recommend it to anyone for general woodworking .
 This dust mask works very well , is comfortable enough to wear for an extended period , and does n't cause my safety glasses to fog up . Very nice !
 These converter kits for mold based ear/Nostril plugs have devout followers in Russia where the crops are said to stink of `` one hundred corpses '' after fermenting . They can be used for the ears and nose , thereby effectively eliminating any source for bacterial congestion . Developed by a Prussian doctor who had constant to moderate sinus infections .
 AO Safety 95190 Woodworker 's Respirator ... We have been installing cellulose insulation in homes for over 30 years and have found this item to work the best for our type of work . . very durable , easy to clean and change filters . With daily use we have had them hold up for almost a year.The head/neck strap is the weakest link but will last the same amount of time if rinsed off occasionally.CPC , Michigan ... insulating for 32 years
 My allergic self has a tough time with dust , even though I like home DIY projects and woodworking . I 've tried a couple of disposable masks , while blanching at the cost of the various powered respirators . I bought this one based on the reviews , and could n't be happier . I have a large , Charlie Brown-sized head , AND a beard , and the mask fits comfortably . I wear it for extended periods of time , and , other than feeling a bit like a minor player in a Star Wars cantina , I do n't mind it . I also wear safety glasses much of the time , on top of my prescription glasses , and everything fits . On my most recent sawing adventure , long , dusty cuts in MDF did n't leave me with the little nagging cough I use to experience for a week afterward.If you hate sucking in sawdust , it 's hard to beat this thing , especially at this price point .
 I hate to differ with some of the reviewers but this mask is supposed to rest just below the lower lip on the face not down over the chin . I for one find this an easy mask to wear and work with because it does n't feel as though someone is covering your face with a huge cumbersome mask . If it feels good on my face , I 'll wear it , otherwise it 'll sit on the bench in a corner . Thank you.Jeff
 The fit is good -LRB- feels good on my flat , hairless face -RRB- and it functions well . The straps are n't the best and can slip a bit with use , but you can make your own or use a set you like from another/other mask . In the deep south heat it can get pretty wet inside the mask , but it wo n't effect the mask to much -LRB- and it is the same for all masks -RRB- . Ca n't beat it for the price . Cheaper than the big box AO paint masks , or 3M masks , but you ca n't find replacement filters as easily either .
 This mask is comfortable -LSB- for a mask -RSB- and surely filters dust well enough . I did shave my beard to ensure complete fit to face . The one problem is that in a cold or cool shop , moisture builds up in mask and if you have been wearing it for awhile , drops will fall out of exit vents and land on whatever you are working on .
 easy to wear , small , and light , and is not a burden to put on and take off - which makes all the difference . once you put it on , it works great , easy to breath through , and you hardly even notice that you 've got protection - but you DO . ever since I started using it I stopped having wooddust taste and small all day long which is a tremendous hazard . I highly recommend this product.The only thing that could have been better is if it was slightly larger . . not by much . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and have a normal head size , and when I position the respirator on my nose , it covers my mouth , but it doesnt cup my chin ... so it just feels a bit odd - still does the job , so I 'm happy about that , but it would have been nice if it was a bit longer to fit better .
 I 'd hesitated a good while on buying this respirator . I needed something that would fit comfortably under a face shield . I 'm glad I finally bought it ! It works great and fits under the mask really well . Since I started using it I have n't gotten congested from wood dust -LRB- lots off of a lathe ! -RRB- .
 I use this when working in the attic and under the house , and it works very well . The housing is pliable rubber that does a good job conforming to the face , and though I have a beard it still manages to seal . It is also comfortable breathing through it , because it has separate exhale valves . A great product !
 This is the first `` woodworker 's '' or nuisance dust mask that I 've been able to wear for more than 5 minutes without wanting to tear it off , throw it to the ground , stomp on it , douse it with gasoline , and set a match to it.The rubber mask seals completely around my face , even against my beard , without being so tight as to cut off circulation to my brain . There are no air leaks fogging up my safety glasses . The dual exhalation valves really make the mask more comfortable for extended wear.Add to all this the industry-standard round filter elements and this mask just ca n't be beat .
 I 've been a woodworking hobbiest for 6 years . I 've purchased 4 or 5 kinds of cheap disposable dust masks over the years and could n't get myself to use them consistently . They all either were uncomfortable , fogged my safety glasses , or smelled funny . I finally picked up this item a couple months ago and now I use it all the time -LRB- well , when I 'm woodworking anyway -RRB- . It 's a great fit -LRB- no dust , no fogging -RRB- and just plain works . I 'm sure there are other more expensive ones just as good , but why pay more . This is my best WW purchase in years.Oh yeah , read the instructions when you get it . Taking a second to check the fit when you pick the mask on only makes sense , but I would n't have known to otherwise . Ok , here 's the short version
 I am concerned about my health and I have for a long time been unable to find a dustmask that I could wear without fogging my safety glasses . With the 95190 Woodworkers Respirator its not A problem , It 's comfortable and it provides me with clean air to breath . I highly recomend this dust mask in keeping ones lungs healthy , a small price to pay for good health .
 I did a lot of research on the various types of respirators . My main criteria was that it was specifically made for woodworking applications . I selected the AO Safety model 95190 . I choose it because of the good reputation of AO Safety , having dual filters instead of just one , and having two straps -- one for your neck and one for the top of your head to ensure a tight fit . I have used it for a year now and am completely satisfied with its performance . I would recommend it to other woodworkers .
 I purchased this dust filtering mask for use in spare-time woodworking . It is far superior to the disposable dust masks I have used and conforms well to the face without discomfort , even when worn for extended periods -LRB- although I have not used it in hot , humid conditions -RRB- . I may even buy a second mask for occasional visitors to my woodshop . The disposable filter inserts last quite a while and are easily replaced .
 If you 're looking for something more than a paper mask , but less than one of those bulky face attachments , this is probably the best respirator you can buy . Its lightweight , adjustable -LRB- convienent for those of us with small heads -RRB- and seals well around your mouth and nose.My favorite part is that it does n't disrupt the placement of my safety glasses , which is an issue I run into requently with respirators . Definately a great value for the money .
 This respirator is comfortable and effective . I wear glasses and they do n't fog up . I also get a good seal even with my beard . I 've used this while sanding and it made a big difference .
 Wore safety glasses and the standard paper dust masks together for years , assuming there was n't really much of a solution to the fogging glasses problem . Finally , the other day , operating a circular saw blindly - not for the first time , I stood up cursing -LRB- not the first time -RRB- . Logged on here and found this thing and all the good reviews . Not as big or weird looking as the picture makes it look . Waited way too long . Power tools and blindness are not a good combination .
 This mask works very well to cover my mouth and nose . It has a great seal . The only thing I wish ... and I know it takes a more expensive mask to do this ... is that it was easier to breathe in and out with.EDIT
 This is one of the best all purpose respirators for general construction/remodeling use . The main reason I like this as opposed to disposabe masks is the fact that I wear glasses and all disposabe masks make my glasses fog up ; this respirator doesent . The single filter in the front of the face is the best feature especially when crawling through attics and crawlspaces and room is cramped ; your not so inclined to knock it off . It is lightweight and doese n't weigh you down like some models . When you can find them the filters are the least expensive option - stock up on them when you find them . Locally I can no longer find them , Amazon said they could ship within 2 weeks but after 2 weeks they said it may be another two weeks I needed them sooner so had to order them through a sub . of Amazon so I had to pay full shipping -LRB- I originally intended to get free shipping through Amazon buy ordering over $ 25.00 worth -RRB- , the other guy didnt offer any free shipping deals . So other than filter availability I feel this is the best dust mask on the market - I just bought two more as spares .
 Hands down the best respirator I 've ever owned . I have been waiting about a year for this thing to return and will order a couple of them as soon as it does . It 's too bad that every time someone makes a good product it becomes `` Currently Unavailable '' shortly there afterward . Still waiting ...
 The 95190 is great for small jobs with non-hazardous applications . For vapors/fumes I use something more serious.This is good for ripping on the table saw , demolition , etc. .
 I have been using this mask for a year or so . It 's as comfortable as I could ask for , not that I like having something strapped to my face :-RRB- . I can feel the resistance to my breathing , but it 's really not bad . There are no leaks that I notice . It 's also durable . I put it on and off frequently and occasionally drop it - no problems . I do notice that one of the exhaust valves is usually stuck when I put the mask on , but I just put one hand over the other valve , blow out a puff of air , and it 's good to go .
 This is a great product that , apparently , is no longer supported by AO Safety/AeAro/3M . I have not been able to find replacement filters .
 Although I do a bit of woodworking , I originally purchased this respirator in 1998 for use while cutting my lawn -LRB- helps me with dust and pollen - no sinus problems afterwards -RRB- . It got heavy use as I must cut my 1 acre lawn at least weekly during growing season here in the deep south . I finally retired it a few weeks ago after a long and hard search for an EXACT replacement . I found it to be both rugged yet very comfortable . It mad a good seal around my mouth and nose , even with my moustache . Filters are easy to change and the whole mask is washable . If it had not been for the rubber head strap finally deteriorating , I would still be using it after 11 years . I am very please that the new replacement has a better grade of rubber for the head strap . I 'm looking forward to seeing if I ca n't break that 11 year record.AO Safety 95190 Woodworker 's Respirator
 The mask is a lung saver ; do not think that the disposable masks at the box stores do the job of protecting your health . The price of a good mask is incidental compared to the damage even casual dusty conditions can do . This mask comfortably seals to allow only filtered breathing -- a feat that the dainty masks at the box stores simply does not do .
 I bought this respirator at the peak of the H1N1 Swine flu scare . The filter included in this respirator is a NIOSH certified N95 filter , which is the recommended standard used by health care professionals . The dust masks that people tend to wear to ward off virus are virtually useless at preventing disease , other than to stop you from putting your hands near your mouth or nose . This is an inexpensive option to actually provide some protection , if you are so inclined.I am also a handy man and have used it in the garage while doing some cutting/sanding projects . I find that it fills with dust very quickly , but this is encouraging as the filter is clearly doing its job . I also have a twin cartridge 95115 respirator from AO Safety , which I prefer when working around the garage , as it has two filters , and therefore clogs a little less quickly .
 This respirator is the best one I have ever used . Beats the disposables hands down . This respirator has never fogged my glasses . Only cons that prevents a five star are :1 . The bridge of my nose gets a little sore after wearing for a lengthy time -LRB- 2 + hours -RRB- 2 . It takes a little time to get used to breathing through this device , especially if the filter is getting filled up.Other than those two details , love this respirator !
 We live in a very phone line hostile environment where we get frequent and violent lightning storms . Our phone line is unprotected by our telephone company . This device has saved us multiple times . DSL works flawlessly . I really like this product .
 Though we have two whole-house surge protection devices -LRB- redundant system -RRB- , the phone line is a backdoor into much of our equipment . Not remembering where I got my old device , and not being sure it was still operational , I purchaced the APC Protectnet PTEL-2 to get us current with telephone/DSL protection . It installed easily enough.I do think I 'll be researching hardwire versions for the main panel , with some type of LED indicator that it is actually operational . This will work for now and , if I 'm reading the documentation correctly , if this device takes a strike it will disconnect the phone line . In other words if the phone dies , the device did its job and I 'll have to buy another one .
 I 've had one of these on my phone line , where it enters the house , for years . A nearby lightning strike recently fried it -LRB- and fried a phone wire somewhere outside my house , according to the phone company -RRB- , but my phones survived . Needless to say , I 've bought another.Money well spent if you have anything other than a couple of very cheap phones . Absolutely essential if you have a phone line that connects in any way to a computer .
 I think this unit works fine but the only true way to know is to have failure . I wish there was a light or something to indicate that the unit is operational and properly connected . Prior to installation , I lost 3 routers to surges , 2 of them within a month though they were on backup battery supplys . I have not lost any since . It 's been a year .
 I was afraid that the Protectnet would decrease the speed on my DSL service , since I am over 3 miles from the DSL headend . Believe it or not , it actually increased the DSL speed by a slight amount , about 1 % , since I installed it . Maybe its knocking down some noise that 's on the line . I have the grounding wire connected directly to the electrical service entrance ground wire , where the phone line enters the house . No report on lighting protection , as its winter here and its only been installed for a month . I 'm sure it will be tested this spring .
 Product arrived on time and installation was easy . So far it appears to be working , but we ca n't tell until we get another lightning storm .
 Needed a small surge protector for our phone for our in home elevator . Was very happy to find this one , so far so good .
 We sell antenna systems for government use . They use modems for connections to the antenna controls . This is a cheap effective solution for surge protection .
 I am using it on DSL and it does n't cause me any problems.I have n't face a surge yet , so I ca n't say how good its protection is .
 This is a terrific bed alarm . This will keep your loved one safe in bed . If they pass through the infared ray , the alarm goes off , signaling a caregiver to come and assist.It is loud enough to wake up a caregiver but it is a nice sound , a lot like a doorbell . The alarm comes with a separate unit that can be kept in a separate room so that only the caregiver will hear it or it can be set so that the alarm goes off in the room that the main unit is is in .
 This alarm works perfectly for me . I use it when I have a relative staying with me who has dementia . I lay the sensing unit on the floor at the end of the bed and have the remote with me in another room . When my relative gets up , the chime on the remote alerts me . I 've read some other reviews that complained that the chime was too loud , even at the low setting , but for me that 's a good thing , it definitely wakes me up , but it does n't startle me . The chime has a pleasant sound , identical to some wireless doorbells I 've heard.The sensing unit also comes with a bracket that can be screwed or taped for permanent mounting . The sensor can be turned more than 180 degrees within the bracket , and can easily be removed from the bracket for changing batteries . The remote has a teardrop shaped hole on the back that can be used to mount it . I 've previously seen these types of mounting holes on wall clocks.The sensor and remote each use a 9 volt battery for their power . The sensor has three settings - off , chime , and remote . If you choose chime , the chiming will occur at the sensor , not at the remote . If you choose remote , the chime will occur at the remote , not at the sensor . There is not an option for the chime to occur at both the sensor and remote . The remote has three settings - off , low volume , and high volume .
 This little product woke me many nights so that I could assist my parent in the nick of time . Care givers of those with dementia or limited mobility will find this a priceless help in monitoring night wanderings !
 The Brass Finger Pulls were exactly what I wanted . They were fairly priced , strong and sturdy for the job I needed them to do . They were priced much higher elsewhere .
 I have been looking for this product in the UK for some time , as the runners on my current wardrobe doors had broken . This product is an excellent replacement and cheap -LRB- $ 2 -RRB- . The door slide guides are plastic , come with screws and are sturdy , so unlikely to be broken by the kids , but the postage from the US to the UK was excessive -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- !
 If you own an in-ground pool and do your own plumbing , with 11/2 '' PVC pipe , you 'll need one of these . It 's hard to find threaded PVC pipe fittings , and you ca n't thread schedule 40 PVC pipe anyway , so you have to use slip joint pipe fittings and cement them together . This makes it impossible to re-use fittings when you need to change your configuration or if something breaks . That 's where this tool comes in . It allows you to bore the pipe out of the fitting so the fitting can be re-used . It 's not pretty and it does n't work as smoothly as it could , but it does the trick.You 'll need a powerful variable-speed drill , a good vice to hold the fitting , and you need to stop periodically and clean the cuttings out of the cutter . If you proceed carefully , it will leave a thin layer of the pipe that can be removed with a sharp knife or a die grinder . A little PVC cleaner and your fitting will be ready to use . If you 're not careful or lucky , you might do some damage to the fitting , but if the damage is n't too severe , you can still get a leak-free joint if you use heavy duty PVC cement.It 's hard to decide what rating to give . When you see the tool you wo n't believe they could actually charge so much for it , but it works , and it 's the only tool that does what it does . It definitely pays for itself by allowing you to salvage and re-use expensive fittings
 Very useful tool . works great on remodels and existing work ! Worked as stated . -LRB- 7 words to ensure rating is accepted -RRB-
 These are a Chinese version of the original . They do n't work quite as well but are a great alternative to having to replace a LOT of PVC .
 Whether you work on big projects or have to make emergency repairs , this tool can get you out of a jam . If you work with PVC long enough , you will inevitably have a situation where it is necessary to reuse a previously cemented socket . This tool makes it possible to do so and allows you to make a good-as-new joint . I have one in every size , just in case .
 I have an apartment with a small bathroom , and when I had a sprained ankle I kicked the toilet paper holder off the wall trying to get into the tub ! I decided to get a recessed model so it would n't stick out in that narrow area.It comes in a selection of colors , or if your a bit crafty you can order it unfinished so that you can stain or paint it to match your decor perfectly!The new toilet paper holder is attractive , and does exactly what it 's supposed to ! It 's reasonably priced , and I 've even been complimented on it !
 Just what we needed for a remodel . Great workmanship and fast shipping . Great customer service .
 We wanted a classy looking , recessed toilet paper holder ... and they are harder to find than you might think ! After a year of looking , and 2 bathrooms that were left unfinished just as long -LRB- not classy -RRB- , it was worth the wait.It is a nice finish to a newly remodeled bathroom . We did the Satin Black Enamel in both and it works great with both decors.We were pleased with the color selection and the communication with the company.Super easy to install and once we bought the glue -LRB- which I did n't realize was not included ... I assumed everything for installation was included ... that 's what I get for assuming -RRB- , they were both installed within 10 min . Bottom line is
 I have been so happy with this addition to my remodeled bathroom . Sounds silly , but it makes a statement . My friends have commented on this and want to know where did I got it .
 Recessed -LRB- TP-1 -RRB- In the wall Bathroom Toilet Paper Holder.The only thing I would change in the future to install is to use the rear of the product to trace the size of the hole to cut in the drywall verses using the template provided by the manufacturer . Using the template provided causes the hole to be aprox . 1/4 '' - 3/8 '' larger than necessary which allows the dispenser to move in the hole during the glue-in process . Also , I used a thin bead of liquid nails around the edge of the hole , which wanted to squeeze out to the exterior of the frame at spots . If the underside of the frame were ribbed , it would allow for the glue to travel along the underside of the frame rather than squish out the edge . Also , you ca n't use the `` Mega '' size toilet paper rolls in this product . Other than these minor issues , it is a well made product and I would recommend it !
 it looks and works great . this is an excellent space saver and i recommend it to all
 I needed this to repair our furnace that stopped working last winter . The fan arrived fast and I got the furnace working in minutes . There where a few changes they made in the replacement fan and hopefully it lasts longer then the original .
 Direct replacement , bolt holes in the right spot . Installed 2 months ago , still working fine . Sounds the same as the old one . The electrical connections are around 1 cm different , I almost did n't have the slack in the existing wires to make it .
 The motor was purchased to replace the original one that became extremely noisy . The shipping took longer then expected -LRB- 3-5 days was more like 7 which can make a difference during the long cold nights -RRB- but the motor got to me unharmed , works like a champ and it saved me a good chunk of cash -LRB- since the repairman quoted the motor at $ 380 -RRB- .
 Yup , my motor died , what are you gon na do ? My Goodman furnace has not been the greatest in terms of breaking down , but this replacement did the trick . No hassle with the install , worked as promised .
 My order was returned because I 've given my incorrect address but the order was reshipped to me very quickly.I 'm really greatful to the company and I apologise for previous feedback that was written mistakenly.Thank you once again!Sincerely , Galina Asaullenko .
 I am tempted to buy a couple more just to have them handy . My old blade did not seem dull until I used this one .
 I wanted a saw for sporadic use and ordered this one since the price was so good . I received it in a banged up product box -LRB- UPS -RRB- w/o any additional packaging . One of the guide blade screws had fallen out . However , when I tested it the first time , it ran for a few minutes and then the motor began to smoke and slowed to a crawl.Contacted Dave Finch and he apologized , sent a replacement which he said he would test personally before shipping . Received it in similar condition to the first one , but both guide screws were missing and one screw on the motor housing was stripped and loose . Ok , I fixed that , got new screws for the guide and have used it a couple of times since . It 's worked just fine for me . Overall , its a good saw
 Knowing that I would be using this tool only occasionally , I did not want to spend two-hundred dollars -LRB- or more -RRB- on one . My cutter arrived quickly and in good shape . The action was pretty stiff . I applied some WD-40 and adjusted the tightness of the bolts . The tool now opens and closes more easily . Better yet , it cuts 1/4 '' steel rods like butter . While cutting , I rested one of the handles on the floor while pushing downward on the other handle . This tool cut the metal bars with very little effort on my part . Even after about 20 cuts , the cutting -LRB- crushing -RRB- blades still look new . This bolt cutter is fairly heavy which tells me that it is heavy-duty . I ca n't attest to the long-range durability . But so far I am impressed . I feel that I made a good decision in choosing this cutter .
 This flange made it easy to modify my japanese wood frame futon with head board and bottom shelving with wheels .
 This galvanized floor flange is just as described and very good quality . There is nothing else to say except I recommend it .
 I wanted to upgrade my Craftsman contractor saw with a good quality cabinet saw . I read all of the owner reviews and tool comparison articles that I could get my hands on . I especially enjoyed reading the Amazon.com reviews . Everyone seemed to be pleased with their Jet saws , and seemed to have less negative remarks than many of the other brands . Now that I own one , I can see why . It is a great cabinet saw !! If you have any reservations , let me assure you that you wo n't regret trying a Jet . I recently had the opportunity to compare the Jet JTAS 10XL to the Delta unisaw and the Powermatic at a woodworking show . I had always wanted a Delta -LRB- maybe too many New Yankee workshop shows , who knows ?! -RRB- but upon review of the various options , especially the fit , and finish , I became convinced that the Jet was much better . I really liked the mirrow like finish on the Jet , almost as good as the Powermatic . I am not kicking the others because I know that you would be happy with Delta or Powermatic , but for my money I liked the Jet package the best . The saw came in five boxes , with each well identified as to their contents . A note on the cabinet
 Originally I had ordered the Delta Unisaw . After learning that it was on back order , I searched the Amazon.com site for something in stock . What I found was a great deal on the Jet Xacta Saw that included a free upgraded Micro Adjust Xacta Fence , a Bosch router , and free shipping . A week later the saw arrived in seven boxes , and was placed in my shop by the truck driver for no extra charge . I unpacked the boxes and checked for shipping damages . Every piece was in perfect condition , no scratches or dents.This saw is a very nice piece of equipment . The machining and fit of parts are of high quality , and the cabinet body is made from heavy-duty steel . All of the adjustments are dead on . The Exacta Micro Adjust Fence is also very heavy duty , and as solid as a rock . It can easily be adjusted with the micro adjustment as much as 1/4 inch in both directions . A feature no saw fence should be without . The Exacta Lift is made by Jessem Tool Company -LRB- nice color -RRB- , and it was very easy to put together . The lift is well made and definitely worth the money . Be sure you follow the updated insert directions on how to mount the router without drilling . I am also very pleased with the Bosch router . It is my first choice in a fixed router.On the negative side of things , Jet could do a better job of making the extended table and router cut-out . The table is not bad with its two laminated sides and oak framing , but needs more screws . The real cheesy part is the router cut-out . It needs better material for supporting the router lift . Also , some of the oak framing was warped . These are small problems and can easily be fixed . Now , the most negative complaint that I have about this saw is the plastic micro adjust lock lever on the fence . This is realy a bullet proof fence and a plastic lever just dose not measure up.Over all I am very pleased with my Jet saw . This is the best deal if you are in the market for a high quality saw with a router lift and great router . You do n't want to pass on this deal .
 I have had this saw now for about 2 months and it has more than impressed me . I was worried about delivery since the fine print says that it will be driven to the curb and the driver would not assist in unloading . I was worried about forklifts , or hiring another truck and pallet jack to get it from the dock , but all was not needed as the guys -LRB- ABF here -RRB- that delivered brought it on a lift truck and rolled it right into my garage . Setup was * easy * and logical . I had just wired in a length of romex 220 for my planer , so plugging in was not a problem . I had my 30 amp breaker and locking plugs all ready to go , as they are NOT included . I did not choose the cabinet and roller stand as that was -LSB- considerably more money -RSB- . Instead I made my own from a 3/4 '' sheet of plywood I ripped in two with my new saw . It went through it like balsa wood with a new GP blade . The whole rig with casters was $ 60 and some left over melamine thrown in , and is much much stronger than the store bought version . The exacta fence is just that . You can really use the installed tape for measured cuts , and when you set it on 415/16 ths , by golly that is what you get . It was a snap to square up , and I have made no adjustments to the saw itself -LRB- only table and fence -RRB- and it will shave a consistent piece off a stud that is transparent if you just want to show off for your friends.The router took longer to set up than the saw did , but once you figure out the bolt pattern is off by one circle on the crazy 10 million circle diagram , you have the hardest part solved . The fence goes together in about 10 minutes and you are complete . Be careful when you are rocking the 540 lbs into position , as it is easier to do than you think . It moves easily on the rollers as well . This is a SOLID tool , and one that will last many lifetimes if cared for , as they should.Use care in tightening bolts . The only reason I have not snapped a head off of a JET tool bolt , is because I know so many guys here , and read about here , that have . It is easy to do . Throw a cover on your saw and then a 3/4 '' sheet of plywood on top and you have a rolling workbench too . Awesome .
 My saw was back ordered and arrived about one month after I ordered it . I was so excited to finally have it . It was in great shape - no scratches , no dings , all parts were there . I put it together with no difficulty at all . Their instructions were terrific . The only gripes I have are :1 -RRB- The dust hood was bent so far in that it was about 1/32 of an inch to the blade , but that was easy to fix - just bent it out .2 -RRB- The router lift did not fit flush in the opening , so I had to sand it down . Also the opening was a little bit too big as well , but that is okay , since the weight of my router keeps it were it needs to be .3 -RRB- The magnetic switch failed , and I am getting a new one from via Tool Crib 's warranty support , which is great.The only other negative thing to say is that the extension table really is n't supported well enough to not bow with a router in it - so I added some straight graines white oak battens to the underside , which seems to have minimized the problem . But , I do not think that this problem would be avoided with any extension table if you dropped a router in it . I just think that Jet should design a little bit better extension table for the kits that include the xacta lift.Otherwise -LRB- and those were all minor complaints -RRB- , the saw is great . It cuts amazingly accurately , there is very little runout at the arbor , it 's got sufficient power -LRB- and then some -RRB- , and it sure is pretty . Also , I have a small shop and the convenience of being able to add my router table into the saws footprint is very helpful.The fence is very nice and the micro adjust feature works well , although I must admit that I do n't use it much as of yet . The Bosch router is a great router . I use out of the table only , and it just feels right in my hands .
 I had been looking to upgrade my 10 year old Grizzly contractor saw for awhile . At first I thought of upgrading that saw , but when I realized that the $ I 'd be putting in it would still leave me with a saw that would bog down on 2 '' hardwood I decided to get a good cabinet saw.After some consideration I found this Jet cabinet saw was on sale and was a great chioce for me because of the following :1 -RRB- Enough HP to rip 2-3 '' hardwood -LRB- with the right blade of course -RRB- .2 -RRB- 50 '' Fence to handle plywood sheets3 -RRB- Left tilt which helps prevent kickback on miter cuts . It also puts the motor on the left side of the cabinet which frees some additional space under the extention table for the shelf .4 -RRB- I needed a router table and this setup saved me $ . The router lift is great - it 's the way to go .5 -RRB- The Bosch router is excellent . At 2.25 HP it will do a much better job on the table than my Porter Cable 690 . Plus I can pretty much dedicate that router to stay on the table . A very nice bonus!I aslo opted for the Cabinet and mobile base.Setup is pretty straight forward except you need to be careful attaching the base so the router lift has enough clearance to fit into the cabinet . I learned that if you have the mobile base , do n't attach the rubber end covers to the exention tube . That extra 1/4 '' will mess up your cabinet alignment with the router lift - I know this from experience ! : ^ 0 ... If you need a good cabinet saw and router table , I 'd highly recommend this package .
 Great Saw . I am very happy with my purchase . I upgraded from a Ryobi BT3000 , which was a nice starter saw , but required a lot of work to keep in alignment and was more limited in rip capacity , power , etc. . After seeing how nicely this machine works , I really wish I had made the move sooner . Also , if you are torn between the Jet and the Delta , have no fear going with Jet . It is a high quality , solid product . A few notes : Overall ? The fence is wonderful . Very easy to operate and the micro adjust feature is indispensable . No more tapping back and forth to get the right cut . The table and cast iron wings are solid , flat and offer no vibration . Plenty of quiet power . I?m really pleased at how much easier it is to use this vs. my old saw . Table size , fence capacity and length really make it easy . I can now easily handle a 4x8 sheet of cabinet ply provided I use an out-feed table . -LRB- I mounted my old out-feed table to the saw . Works great . -RRB- The saw comes without a plug , but putting one on and wiring a 230V circuit was easy . -LRB- Or hire an electrician if you feel under-qualified . -RRB- You can purchase 230V extension cords -LRB- intended for home air conditioners -RRB- at home improvement stores if you need extra length in your shop . ... Assembly - Unlike one of the reviewers , I had no problems with the user?s manual . Assembly was straightforward . The only assistance I required was lifting the saw from the pallet to the mobile base . The table was dead on to the blade , and setting up the fence was easy . After initial test cuts , I had to readjust my splitter . Now I have no burns , clean cuts and plenty of power.Base - After reading terrible reviews about the HTC mobile base , I took reviewer James Andrew?s suggestion and purchased the Delta mobile base . As he notes , the legs on the Jet?s extension table don?t fit the Delta base . Purchasing a 24 ? length of angle iron -LRB- Home Depot -RRB- and bolting on to the end of the Delta mobile base creates a perfect fit The Delta base is rock solid and easy to use . Thank you James , and I encourage anyone else needing a mobile base to consider this option.Blade ? I went with Forrest?s Woodworker II thin kerf and a dampener . After getting my splitter aligned , it cuts beautifully.Router lift ? While not difficult , this took some time . My first Bosch Router arrived in pieces . Amazon was great and cross-shipped a new one to me . To mount the router on the lift , I did have to run to a local hardware store to purchase four 4mm x 12 mm oval head screws , since those supplied with the router base had pan heads and did not fit in the lift . I purchased an external switch that I mounted on the edge of the table for easy and safer on-off operation.As the other reviews indicate , this is a great saw and a very nice price . Well worth it .
 I have worked on a few `` popular '' saws in the same category over the years and have checked out the direct competitors to the JTAS-10XL and I can say with certainty that this saw is as good as any within $ 600 of the Amazon price.Here are the really important measures for this saw . The miter slots were within 2 thousandths of being parallel to the saw blade -LRB- I should add that I installed a 60-tooth combination blade from Systematic -RRB- . The miter slots were within 2 thousandths of each other as well . The arbor is extremely accurate . By rotating the blade on the arbor I was able to get the blade to within 3 thousandths of being parallel from front of the blade to back . That means that he arbor was at most 3 thousandths out -LRB- but I do n't think it was quite that far -RRB- . Those are spectacular stats . Anything under 3 thousandths is excellent , under 4 is pretty good , over 5 is not very good at all.The finish on the table is excellent . The extension table is as high quality as would be expected . The only thing I did not like about the extension table was that I had to drill holes to mount the fence rails . It was no big deal , but I get nervous after spending nearly $ 2k on something and immediately drilling holes in it.The owner 's manual , as stated in another review here on Amazon , was sub-par , but not nearly as bad as the other reviewer implied . I was able to set this saw set up and ready to be tuned in just over 3 hours . I was expecting a 2 day ordeal . It took a total of about 6-7 hours after all final touches.The saw is extremely well made . I would say that the trunnions on the equivalent PowerMatic saw are beefier , but unless you are a daily , serious , heavy-duty woodworker , you will never know the difference . Also , the PowerMatic is about $ 2200 ... not worth it to me for sure.The Bosch router is excellent . The Jess-Em router table insert is top-notch . The router has a soft start , which I did not have on my Porter-Cable . I would not buy a router without a soft start now.Honestly , this is a great deal . If you are looking for a cabinet saw , trust me , take a look at this one . Look at the quality of components and fit . BTW , do n't expect to see something perfectly assembled at your local dealer . Most dealer 's just throw them together to get them on the floor . If they want to push one brand over another , they might spend some more time on their favorite brand . So overlook that if that is the case for you.Oh , before I forget , there is one thing that I must tell you all . The magnifier over the fence tape has two lines on it -LRB- one on top and one on bottom -RRB- for a reason . If you look closely with one eye moving your head left to right you will see that the lines will intersect . That is key . You need to do that procedure each and every time you set the fence -LRB- and when you adjust the fence to the blade -RRB- . This will ensure accurate cuts . It is not a design flaw or a manufacturing error . However , the two lines should be straight and parallel.Good luck to you . Be sure to be safe using this incredibly powerful saw .
 For the last 2 years I 'd been using a contractors saw in a shop that a friend and me shared . After building my own shop I started looking to replace a few tools and a `` cabinet '' grade table saw was first on my list . For a month I researched magazines , Amazon reviews , questioned woodworkers , and so on . Finally , I decided on the Jet and MAN what table saw . I drove 2 hours to pick up my JTAS-10XL -LRB- Amazon was sold out -RRB- and paid an addition $ 100 -LRB- Ouch -RRB- . Brought it home and began to assemble , BY MY SELF -LRB- not a good idea , the cast iron top/motor is quite heavy -RRB- . Some people see assembly as tedious labor ; I view it more like a child standing in front of the tree on Christmas morning . Assembly took about 3 hours and plus an addition hour to dial it in . Everything went together smoothly as a matter of fact I do n't recall opening the instruction book . Having used a contractor 's saw for 2 years it was like trading in a Yugo for a Ferrari . This saw is solid , little or no vibration and accommodates all 13/16 of my dado blade stack . The biggest surprise to me was the quality of the router as well as the lift . Honestly , as with most `` bonus '' items I expected a so-so router and a lift that I would have to replace in a year or so . The Bosch router runs smoother than my DeWalt 618 . The other saws I seriously considered were the Grizzly and the X5 but the router table pushed me over to the JTAS-10XL and boy did it pay off . If you must have a con I not real fond of the magnifying bubble on the fence . -LRB- There I said it -RRB- Seriously , this might be best purchase I 've made to date . Solid , smooth and accurate you get you money 's worth .
 I have had this cabinet saw/router lift combo for about four years . The saw performs fantastic day-in and day-out . The Bosch router works great . The problems I have encountered are with the router lift . The top plate has bowed up across the extension table . I noticed that the plate is reinforced lengthwise with bars , but nothing sideways , which is the direction the plate bowed . It has bowed about 1/64 '' . I have tried to adjust the rabbit and top plate , but I ca n't get it flat enough -LRB- or at least to a compromise position -RRB- that will allow good routing . After contacting Jessem I discovered that this top plate is not the same as their regular router lifts - it was contracted out to Jet who sub-contracted to a different supplier . The lift has obviously been `` cheapened '' to sell in the package deal through Jet . This has been a disappointment . I am also disappointed with the fact that I had to add the `` Extreme Extender '' in order to change router bits above the table . I am soon going to replace the extension table on my saw and buy a Bench Dog Prolift -LRB- best on the market -RRB- .
 I ordered this saw after exhaustive research . I had eliminated the 5hp models from JET , Delta and others due mostly to price . I knew -LRB- and I was right -RRB- the 3hp model would handle the oak and maple I like to work with . The fit and finish is first rate . Everything about this saw feels first class . I have no complaints at allThe saw arrived with no difficulty . I used the free shipping option , and contacted the carrier to ensure it was delivered on a lift gate truck -LRB- thank you to all of you who warrned me ! -RRB- . The whole shipment is 680 lbs . 580 of it is just the saw . I was able to slide it down my storm cellar entrance on my own -LRB- however , I do n't recommend this as a 1 person job !!! -RRB- , as the saw comes bolted to a wood skid.I set the saw up in about 3 hours , with another 1 hour for the router base . Again , thanks to all of you who provided an order of assembly , and the note about the router plate holes being off by 1 mark.In terms of cut quality , I 'm very pleased . The best saw is worthless without a good blade . Again , I 'm value-consious , so I 've been using the Freud blades - I have about 6 of them between my radial arm saw , table saw and mitre saw . I 've not been given a compelling reason to spend the extra money on Forrest blades . I 've also added the Freud Super Dado set , and made some unreal dado cuts.I would recommend a few extras
 In this category of saws , I have a friend with a PowerMatic , and it IS a little heavier built saw -LRB- I even had a WMH Tool Group rep admit to this -RRB- . Mine has performed great though , I added Jet 's sliding table later , and this is one super combo . It has had daily use since Dec. 02 , when I started my cabinet shop . I have another friend with a Delta , and I prefer this one over a Delta any day .
 Having owned this JET cabinet saw since 2003 , the only regret that I 've had is that I should have bought it sooner ! I saw a couple of reviewers complaining about the assembly manual , but I had no trouble at all putting my saw together , and I did it unassisted . Some people are just more mechanically inclined than others , I guess.Fit and Finish were all top notch with one exception ... the extension table was warped , but was immediately replaced by the store that I bought it from.Someone complained about a slight vibration , which I believe was the belt tensioning , because I had the same at first , ran the saw for a while and readjusted the belts ... no more vibration : -RRB- I guess they took a `` set '' from being under tension while awaiting to be put to work . I also liked the fact sheet that JET supplied with my saw and my readings matched theirs exactly . The Bosch router and Jessem Router Lift are also still working with no issues as well as the Exacta fence and the cursor is right on the money ! The left tilt is awesome and there 's no stopping the powerful 3hp motor ... have n't even been able to slow it down yet ! I also bought the Delta mobile base and it works fine on this saw except the extension table legs do n't fit into it , so I also modified it by adding a length of angle iron.Would I buy this again or recommend this to a friend ? Hell YES !
 Top notch system and a great price -LRB- $ 1,599 w / $ 100 refund in April 2004 -RRB- . The saw is very powerful and accurate . With the included router setup you just ca n't go wrong . A great saw for the money ...
 I have had the opportunity to compare the Jet with the Unisaw for a period of more than 2 years because I have both saws in my small cabinet shop . Why 2 saws in a small shop ? I 'm glad you asked . Both saws are set up with mobile bases . Typically I have the Unisaw on the left and the Jet on the right with about 2 feet between so I can walk between them . The Unisaw is a left tilt and my Jet saw is a right tilt . I have a mobile off-bearing bench immediately behind the Unisaw . The Unisaw is used for ripping both hardwood and sheet goods . The Jet will come into play for all the cross cuts . The two saws are levelled to each other and lubed with Boeshield , so when I am crosscutting an 8 ' piece of sheet goods on the Jet , the Unisaw provides smooth support for the piece . When I want to set up a dado operation , I use the Jet and this is the only area where the right tilt is an advantage because the scale for the fence still reads accurately with a dado blade.I frequently cut a 45 degree bevel in the lower section of base cabinet bulkhead where it will join with a toe kick piece . These cuts are either a right hand or a left hand . I can safely handle either right or left if I set up both saws for a 45 degree bevel . If only one saw is used the only way to get the other handed bevel is to creep the piece backwards ... very carefully ... not recommended , or to use a jig saw and be satisfied with an imperfect cut.But to the comparison
 I 'll begin with the con . The manufacturer , pursuant to a customer rep with Amazon , is the one who annotates the product description on this site . If that 's true ... shame on DeVilbiss ! The main thing that is missing are the AIR REQUIREMENTS ! Hello ! So , before you buy this nifty package , be certain your air tank meets the requirements . The average SCFM Req . is @ 90 PSI
 I bought this kit at Sam 's Club and love it ! I 'm currently renovating my house and ca n't believe how fast I can get things done with the right tools . Also , the carrying kit is perfect for keeping everything in its place .
 I like it , for the price ... The only complaint is it is n't heavy enough / anchored . If you are pulling the hose out , it often does a faceplant and falls over . A piece of slate stone on top is my workaround
 Very nice hose reel , does need to be held on to when rolling up hose though . Would be nice to have a place to put your foot and stabilize when reeling in hose . Recommend this product for the price .
 This is a BIG HEAVY sander . Just getting it into my basement shop was a task . A friend and my wife had to help me slide it down the stairs , even then I still almost lost it , my new sneakers ' grip saving the day . I was also pleasently surprised that they 've upgraded numerous things , most importantly , the motor to 13/4 hp . Set up was minimal and straighforward . I did have some problems with the conveyor belt tracking properly , Performax quickly shipped me a new one and when that one was just as bad as the first , they overnighted me another one . I sanded a few pieces of pine and oak to test its accuracy and power , satisfied , I concentrated my efforts on a `` real '' task
 Revised 1/8/04I had the usual problems that others commented on when I first brought home my 10-22 . The conveyor belt initially tracked hard left against the tracker no matter how it was adjusted . PerformaX tech support had me reverse the belt and it still tracked hard left . I removed the conveyor table and returned it to the service department where I bought it . Sitting on the workbench supported by its mounting bolts , the belt quickly adjusted to perfect tracking . When I replaced it on my machine it immediatly went back to hard left tracking . I played with the mounting bolt tension to no avail . Another call to PerformaX netted me a new belt within two days and after a minor adjustment , the belt has tracked perfectly ever since . You can tell just how perfect your tracking is adjusted by holding a ball point pen to the feed roller immediately adjacent to the edge of the conveyor belt as the roller revolves . The mark left on the roller will very quickly indicate what drift , if any , is occuring . I like the way the ceramic trackers leave a light white residue along the edge of the belt if tracking is off . It shows they are doing their job and gives you a quick indication that readjustment is needed . They trackers should not come into play at all if your adjustment is dead center . Think of the trackers as an extra measure of safety.When properly adjusted , this sander lives up to the hype . You quickly learn how much wood to remove in one pass . Any mill marks from the planer or jointer are removed in one pass . It does a nice job of sanding edges on stock up to four inches wide.The machine really has to have a dedicated 20 amp circuit . Attached to a 15 amp shared circuit , it easily stalled out . I removed the electrical cover from the motor and found a clear diagram for rewiring the motor for 220 volts . Of course , you would then want to install a separate switch to power the drum as feeding 220 into the conveyor motor would quickly destroy it . It 's nice to have the 220 volt option even though the factory warns against it . My sander is working so well that I see no reason to make the change.Sandpaper changeover is very easy and quick . I like the way the right hand clip helps take up any slack in the wrapping of the abrasive.I just completed biulding my oldest daughter a red oak dishwasher cabinet for her new house . All the trim for this was quickly sanded on the 10-22 . I 'm also finishing up an oak bar and This sander really saves time.I recently sanded some 16 ' x 6 '' red oak boards to box in a beam . using auxillary infeed and outfeed rollers . As the end of the wood came off of the the several rollers I had set up on the infeed side , the sheer physics behind the length and weight of these boards , transmitted this to the wood under the drum . This made for an extremely small `` gouge '' . A handheld oscillating sander quickly fixed these very slight imperfections which only showed under close examination with a light . I 've never seen any sign of this when working with lengths up to the more usual 6 ' - 10 ' lengths we commonly encounter in our furniture crafting .
 I 've been mulling over a precision drum sander for years and finally pulled the plug on the 22-44 . Aside from its 350lbs delivery weight , I had no problems getting it set up and the digital gauge calibrated . I have n't set it up for 220V use and think it would aid the drum , but so far the 110V has been handling the stock I 've been passing through.This machine is solid and the mobile base and casters are far and away superior than the any of my other mobile bases . Lock the casters and the machine wo n't budge . Cutting papers is a pain , but a sheet will last the hobbyist a long time . There are also gum rubber sheets you can pass through to clean the drum.It is amazing how much time this machine saves since it not only brings the wood to finish grade sanding -LRB- with proper paper -RRB- , but can dimension with extreme precision .
 I have been extremely pleased with this tool . It was very easy to setup and came with a well written User Guide . The PRO model is very heavy duty and a good choice for a medium duty workshop . This will save you lots of time with finish sanding and dimensioning . Some reviewers took issue with the belt tracking - I have no complaints and found this to work well . I do recommend you order both the casters and infeed-outfeed tables when you purchase the Drum Sander .
 good value , bought 2 , one for table saw , one for band saw . Sturdy construction designed for easy assembly out of box . not crazy about the brake system for the swivel wheels .
 I bought two of these units . Easy to assemble and use . I will be buying more as needed .
 Bought this roller stand for my powermatic stationary sander . Was n't my first choice since the one built for my machine is no longer available any where . Upon reciept , I was pretty surprised . It went together easily and provdides a stable base for my sander . I fit well and performs what it was designed to do well . I would definately recommend this roller base to anyone needing an adjustable base .
 I have a Jet cabinet tablesaw with router cabinet and Exacta II 50 inch fence . As I assembled the base I thought this ca n't get much easier . With the cabinets 485 lbs , I thought I might be pushing the mobile base limit . I blocked up the saw and got the base under it . I was not pleased with the extra space between the cabinet and the base . I calculated where the extra hole should be and drilled all four pieces . When assembled I had a nice tight fit . I attached the extension and set my router cabinet legs on the platform . The saw rolls around great . The extension did manage to swing from under the legs of the router table so a little rubber pad or zip ties to secure them in place should do the trick . The rollers managed to cross the expansion joints in my garage floor with no trouble . I am quite pleased with the mobile base .
 This base works very well with my JET table saw -LRB- as it should -RRB- . Easy to assemble , and once the saw is on it , moves around my garage very smoothly . The only downside is that you need 2 people to put it on the saw because the table saw weighs 200 lbs so you ca n't exactly lift the saw and slide the base under it yourself .
 Purchased this Jet mobile base since I own a Jet contractor tablesaw and figured that the quality should match that of my saw . And it did . The box arrived and I was impressed on how well-protected the parts where and how sturdy they felt . It took but maybe 10 minutes to assemble and adjust without any tools whatsoever . The base holds my tablesaw easily and I have felt no flex or unwanted movement while using my saw . I am extremely pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend this product . Best wishes .
 Easy to assemble , very solid . I own both the htc2000 and this jet base , and I think the jet mobile base is better designed and MUCH easier to assemble . This can be adjusted down to closely fit -LRB- approx 18 or 19 inches square -RRB- around the base of my delta enclosed bandsaw . Excellent .
 I use three of the 708118 heavy-duty -LRB- 600 lb -RRB- bases and two of the 708119 super heavy-duty -LRB- 1,200 lb -RRB- bases . While never as nice as the factory-specific bases -LRB- I have four of those plus two heavies with built-in wheel sets -RRB- , these Jet Universals certainly work very well , being subject to movement several times a week in my shop . Weight loads range from about 435 lbs up to 785 lbs , with no trace of component failure or wear on the three oldest -LRB- about 1-1/2 years of use -RRB- . They are very stable when locked -- vital because I do not use a powerfeeder and the push loads can be high.I bought these mostly because of a lack of factory-specific bases . I rejected the HTC and other cheapo 's out of hand -- Examine them and you 'll agree with me . Still , this is a high price for some fairly simple hardware.I did a temporary site setup with six machines recently , two of them on the 708118 's and one on the 708119 . It was a remarkably easy move using nothing but carefully planned ramps.Well done , Jet .
 This took literally 10 minutes to assemble and another 10 to get my fully assembled Jet contractor tablesaw on it . The snap-lock springloaded pins made it very easy to adjust to width by holding it next to the legs of my saw and just sliding the pieces together . I did this solo , which was a little more difficult since the saw was pretty awkward to tip up in place.My complaint is that the two swivel casters have cheesy , weak step-on locks . I found better ones at Lowes for $ 6/per . The tabs are small and hard to get a sure toe-hold on with work boots . Fortunately , the other two casters have excellent locks , and if you mount them perpendicular to the direction you apply force to the tool , it will not cause problems . I have had no problems with movement from my saw , even when cutting full panels of 3/4 ply.A good choice for roughly the same price of some other kits that require you to supply wood to complete them .
 This is a very well designed mobile base and clearly the best quality adjustable base I 've seen . It was easy to assemble in about five minutes without tools . To provide better weight distribution I fitted a 3/4 '' plywood floor insert and bolted my 400lb industrial drill press to this floor . I can now conveniently store my drill press against the back wall of my shop and easily pull it into my work area when needed . The base is stronger than it appears in the ... photo . This base was back ordered more than two months but I 'm glad I did n't settle for one of the other models that were available off the shelf . I rate this a `` best buy '' .
 I purchased the Jet Mobil Base in December 2004 at the same time I purchased my jet contractor table saw and have never been disappointed . As previously noted numerous times , assembly required absolutely no tools . After being assembled in about 10-minutes the base is very solid and sturdy . I would not be affraid to apply the maximum rated load of 600-lbs . I use the base to move my saw around a two-car `` garage '' and I have never had any problems with leveling or the wheel locks . This base has two fixed castors on one side and two swivel castors on the opposite side -LRB- all castors have locks -RRB- . I possitioned the fixed castors on the outfeed side of the saw and find that the locks on the fixed castors are sufficient to keep the saw from moving . Very seldom do I find myself locking the swivel castors . All in all , I would buy this mobil base again ... in fact I am buying it again , this time for a new 6 '' jointer .
 I have a small shop and there never seems to be enough room . I purchased this unit for my 6 '' open stand joiner . The joiner is heavy and hard to move without a mobile base , so it usually sits out in the way . With this very functional unit , I can now move the heavy tool out of the way very easily to create more open floor space and make the shop look less clutteredThis unit is very easy to assemble -LRB- no tools required -RRB- and is very solid . The corner brackets -LRB- where the tools legs actually contact -RRB- are large and sturdy . I found the wheels to move and lock easily . I highly recommed this unit and will purchase another .
 good value , bought 2 , one for table saw , one for band saw . Sturdy construction designed for easy assembly out of box . not crazy about the brake system for the swivel wheels .
 I was amazed at how few parts were in the box when this arrived . Assembly took just minutes and required no tools . It 's solid and does exactly what I need it to do . I also have a Shop Fox mobile base that I 'm using on a Grizzly bandsaw , but I prefer this one . I would n't hesitate to recommend it to anyone .
 This stand sets up in seconds and fully supports the 400 lb Powermatic 64A - rolls around easily and wheels lock positively - great product ...
 I needed to make my old craftsman table saw more mobile . I selected the Jet univeral mobile base based on the design.Overall I 'm pleased with the product , my only complaint is I had add wood to the base to bring the saw up to a comfortable work height and it should have been designed with four swivel wheels instead of two . So if your shope space is limited in space consider a mobile base that has four swivel castister .
 I got this base for my JET 10 '' ProShop table saw . It fits it perfectly -LRB- fully extended on one side and next to the end on the other side -RRB- . It feels very solid and rolls well on the garage floor . One reviewer mentioned that this base would not fit the ProShop saw and that you needed to get the next size up -LRB- I think it 's the 708119 -RRB- but my saw -LRB- JET 708482 -RRB- fits just fine .
 Very easy to put together and adjustable . I purchased this because of the design of the wheel locks . I like the toe tap locks . It is strong and works great !
 Stable , easy assembly . If you need a super stable saw a mobile base is not the way to go . If you need some flexibility then this mobile will work well . the front wheel locks are kind of hinky but ok .
 Just what I needed.I love it.Bill Nyberg
 Great bases I have then on everything in the shop . I built a new torsion box table that is 40 X 90 '' and wanted it mobile . It weighs about 400 lbs , so a universal base with 11/2 '' angle iron for length extensions . Works great ...
 It 's a very good quality product . I 'm using under my Laguna 3HP shaper and It 's doing a great job.Easy to install , well package . Amazon was on time.I will recommend the product .
 Purchased the base to go along with a Jet 17 '' drill press . I needed a mobile base that was stable , and would allow the press to be moved about my crowded garage . Assembly took ten minutes . I then glued together two 24 `` x26 '' 3/4 '' pieces of plywood . Attached them to the base , and then bolted the press to the base . Very slick solution !
 I bought this base to support my Craftsman table saw , and allow me to easily move it in my shop . The base was extremely easy to put together , and provides good support for the saw . It is easy to move , but will lock in position easily as well . It also does not noticeably raise the working height of the saw .
 I bought this base for my Craftsman 22124 table saw . It fits OK , however one lock pin on the front and back would not engage because of the hole spacing and cabinet width . I left that be , it does n't seem to make much of a difference . However , the two front casters are too close together . The casters should be located further apart -LRB- outboard -RRB- to increase stability . As it is , the saw rocks a bit side to side.BTW , I would n't buy a base if it had four swivel casters . Even my tool chest has two swivel and two fixed casters .
 This is a very good mobile base , but do not get this model to use on a Jet-10TS Proshop table saw -LRB- model 708482K -RRB- . I recently purchased the 10TS table saw -LRB- which , by the way , is terrific -RRB- . Pictured on the instruction manual was this table saw on , according to the caption , a Jet 708118 mobile base . Naturally , I ordered that base , but when I went to set it up , I discovered that -- even fully extended -- this base is too small by 3/8 '' and no amount of coaxing would make it fit.I finally got it to fit by grinding 3/8 '' off two of the feet on the table saw . I do not recommend this , because when the base is fully extended -LRB- 29 '' -RRB- , this leaves very little of the side bars in the caster assemblies , making it inherently weak.After repeated correspondence with Jet customer service , they agreed that it was indeed too small and that the proper base for this saw is the Jet 708119 . Save yourself the headache and get the 708119 in the first place .
 I bought three of these and love them . Very easy to assemble and they make moving my table saw , Band saw , and jointer a pleasure . Only had them a few weeks but I would do it all over again . Well worht the money and amazon had the best prices .
 Husband liked this so much for JET 10 '' table saw , he had me order another one for another shop tool .
 I 've tried different brands of bases and the Jet brand has been excellent for me . It has convinced my friends to purchase them also . The only caution I would mention is that I have always purchased the base that was rated for a heavier tool than what I was putting on it . This system has never left me disappointed . I will buy no other mobile base in the future .
 I have 2 of these units ; one under my Grizzly 10 '' jointer/planer and one under a 200 lb mitre chopper . Very low profile and easy to move tooling around the shop . Have not had any problems with these units and highly recommend .
 Works great with my Jet table saw and mobile base extension . I can move the entire saw and extension table by myself with no problem .
 I needed a base for my Jet 16OS open stand planer . I have a couple HTC 2000 bases and they are , while good products , more off a pain to assemble and adjust and I didnt like the look of the HTC 3000 so I went with this Jet model . This model had the weight rating for the planer so , even though it wasnt the one Jet recommended for the planer I bought it to save the 50 or so bucks in price . I figured if it didnt work well I would just use the base on another tool and pick up the more expensive Jet base , but I didnt have too . This one is maxed out on size with the planer , but it holds up well and doesnt seem to be flexing anywhere along the frame . And it literally took more time to take it out of the box then it took to put it together . I am pleased with the product and like it better than HTC 3000 .
 This product arrived in excellent shape , and all the parts were included . Installation was straight forward and the product works as designed .
 This base is awsome . I moved my table saw to this from a delta base and could n't be happier . The assembly took a total of about 5 minutes since there is no hardware to worry about . As to the people that saw this does n't lock well enough for a table saw , turn the base 90 degrees . No mobile base should be set to roll in the outfeed direction of a TS . If you lock the back -LRB- fixed -RRB- casters , then the front casters ca n't turn so it becomes very solid .
 After reading reviews of the HTC 2000 , and knowing about the Delta UMB from personal experience , I decided to give the Jet a shot . I am glad that I did . Before getting to the review , though , five stars to Amazon 's shipping department which shipped this product within a couple of hours of the time I placed the order . It has n't arrived yet , but I bought a second one from my local tool shop . -LRB- OK , I 'm weak . I could n't wait . -RRB- This mobile base was very simple to set up . The spring-loaded pins locked firmly in place , and I was able to perfectly size the base to the cabinet of the 8 '' jointer that now rests on it . To ensure stability , I cut a sub-base from 3/4 '' ply , placed that on/in the base , and then placed the jointer on top of that . I then bolted the two side tabs on the jointer cabinet to the ply.With the wheels running opposite the length of the bed , the jointer does not move at all when being used . When it does get moved , though , it is very smooth and confident . I ca n't give five stars - those wheel locks are an unfortunate wart on an otherwise excellent accessory .
 I bought this base for a Craftsman 10 '' hybrid cabinet table saw -LRB- weight approx . 430 lbs -RRB- . This base was extremely easy to assemble -- took only a couple of minutes and no tools needed for assembly . Very solid and moves smoothly . I can move my table saw around without any difficulty whatsover . The base was very easy to adjust to the dimensions to my table saw . Two of the wheels lock with a foot lever . On smooth flooring it will still move slightly with effort , but wheeling it onto a rubber mat eliminates that . Overall , I am very happy with this purchase and would happily buy another one -LRB- which I will probably do when I buy a jointer/planer -RRB- .
 I recently purchased 2 mobile bases - 1 HTC for my Jet 17 '' Drill Press and 1 Jet Universal Mobile base for my 10 '' Jet Table Saw . For the HTC It took 40 minutes , 4 or 5 different size wrenches/sockets , attaching the castors , hammering the ill fitted roller flanges -LRB- which I think will still slip -RRB- , sorting out if the spring bumps go up or down and installing the PLASTIC levers.With the Jet , In 5 minutes with no tools and no castor subassembly , with metal levers my table saw was up and rolling .
 I bought this base for my 14 '' bandsaw and could n't be happier . It goes together in 30 seconds instead of 30 minutes like the HTC mobile bases . All 4 casters lock securely enough to hold my saw in place . While one reviewer complained that two casters are fixed , that is so you can steer the tool when moving it . I own both the HTC and Jet mobile bases and the Jet is superior . If you need a good mobile base that is easy to adjust and assemble , buy this one and you wo n't be dissappointed .
 This is a very well designed mobile base and clearly the best quality adjustable base I 've seen . It was easy to assemble in about five minutes without tools . To provide better weight distribution I fitted a 3/4 '' plywood floor insert and bolted my 400lb industrial drill press to this floor . I can now conveniently store my drill press against the back wall of my shop and easily pull it into my work area when needed . The base is stronger than it appears in the Amazon.com photo . This base was back ordered more than two months but I 'm glad I did n't settle for one of the other models that were available off the shelf . I rate this a `` best buy '' .
 Received on time . Too easy to assemble . Study , built well . Fits Shop Fox W1819 table saw . Casters function well . Makes moving the saw easy . I choose to install front casters to the side rather out in front -LRB- toe space -RRB- . Easily handles 400 lbs + Excellent Product .
 So far so good , but I have to say I have a bad feeling that the welds that hold the wheel brackets to the frame will not stand the test of time . The wheels themselves could be a better grade and I would have spent an extra 25 bucks on them if they were . It does what it says it will do , move my 450 pound Jet Pro-shop table saw around . It was easy to assemble and came with clear instructions . I might buy another as my needs grow but my shop/garage does n't . Before I bought this product I did look into building my own and of course alternative mobile bases . I decided it would not be worth the time and hassle to build my own with out access to a full metal shop . And as for the other bases , they rely on 2x4 's or some drilling and mounting of mechanically complex wheel mechanisms . As we all know the fewer moving parts the longer the machine will last . No tool is perfect but this comes as close to it as I need . The easy assembly , mechanically simple and sturdy design , and relatively low price point , especially when compared with any D.I.Y solution , make this a good bargain . As for those welds , we 'll see what time will tell .
 I have researched several mobile bases for my woodworking equipment and have purchased other brands prior to buying two of the Jet JMB-UMB mobile bases . I now have three Jet mobile bases in total . They are easily assembled and fast . They work exceptionally well with heavier equipment . I can find no negative features with this product and the cost through Amazon was about half the price of the identical item from my local woodworking supply dealer .
 This mobile base is one of the best things I ever purchased . It was simple to put together , it is very sturdy and can hold my table saw with ease and it rolls so easy I have to lock the wheel when cutting or the saw will roll away when I try and cut . My only complaint is it was very difficult getting it under my table saw but that is not THIS products fault , the saw is just very heavy . In any event I highly recommend this product !
 Got the item in just a few days , easy to assemble and works perfectly moving my 400 lb table saw around the shop . I will most likely order another one for the jointer .
 I purchased this base for a 10 '' Jet Proshop 30 '' table saw . The base simply locks together with spring loaded steel pins , although easy to assemble I was expecting through bolts for a more rigid assembly . The silver lock casters are sort of cheap , they do not work the best . All and all this is worth the purchase . I can move this heavy piece of machinery around with ease and free up floor space or adjust for long cuts . Product Quality I would give 3 stars and product purpose I would give 4 stars if that helps .
 I love these mobile bases ! I have three of them - one for my belt/disc sander ; one for my router table ; one for my scroll saw . As I have acquired each of these machines , I 've researched all the other mobile bases I could find , but none -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- measures up to the Jet mobile base , at least for my needs . It 's super easy to put together -LRB- no tools required -RRB- ; easy to adjust ; maintains the power tool 's position level and low to the floor ; has two locking casters -LRB- locks are easy to activate and de-activate -RRB- and two swivel casters ; and is relatively reasonably priced . Operation of the above machines does not put a lot of lateral force on the caster locks , though . I seem to have read one or more reviews where folks thought the locks did n't hold well enough when their particular machine was under use . Maybe that would be the case with a table saw or jointer , but I have had absolutely no problems with the holding power of the locks .
 The Jet Mobile base was the easiest base to assemble and begin using that I have purchased so far . It took me longer to lift my table saw onto base than it did to put the base together . I would buy the same base if I have the need in the future .
 This is the second mobile base I 've bought . The first was for my table saw . This last one was for a very large , and VERY heavy 5000 WATT generator which I have to load into my truck , by myself . With this product , I can roll the generator up a ramp into the truck bed . Without it , I would have to find somebody to help me load and unload it every time . This base works great for both the saw and the generator . Money well spent .
 Easy to put together - perfect for my table saw . However , the box said 24x24 which was not what the product specs said . It is more like 28x28 with a little wiggle room .
 love it . great all around kit . especially for the price ca n't beat it .
 I bought this about a year ago and it works perfectly . Plenty of power .
 This PC drill/driver got plenty of power . Excellent handling . Nice case . Very happy overall .
 Great tool for the pro , not for a hobbyist or casual user . Tool is heavy and has a great deal of torque . It could easily get away from an unsuspecting user.For the professional , this is a really good and reliable tool that has all the power that would want . The batteries are rapid charging and are generally available from recharge before you wear out the previous battery .
 I have two of these drills , one is a hammerdrill also . the older of the two is about 21/2 years old -LRB- not a GTF model -RRB- and is used every day . I 'm still on the original batteries . Just the other day the chuck assembly pulled out of the drill while trying to drill a 1/2 '' hole with a long auger bit threw 2 6x6 's . when i pulled up on the drill . the chuck and bit stayed in the 6x6 's . this is the first time that 's ever happened in 21/2 years . I took the drill apart and fixed it . seems a C clip came off inside which holds the chuck in the drill . I would n't recommend taking these drills apart , because it took like 3 hours to get back together . and now the drill only has low speed . but still works fine . i 'm shopping for a new drill incase this one breaks again . the hammerdrill/driver PC drill is about a year old and still works fine . the batteries last a while and have been charged many many times . not a day goes by on my jobs where both of these drills are n't out working . always two batteries on charge . I 'm a builder in NJ , not a DIY home owner , so these drills definitely get plenty of use.I 'm not sure if I 'll replace the one that broke with the same exact drill . I 'm willing to try another drill to see if they are any better . 21/2 years for a drill that gets used every single day , is n't bad at all . and I never had to replace the batteries ! like I said , it still works , just no high gear -LRB- that was because I did n't reassemble the tool correctly -RRB- fixing it myself was still better than buying a new drill right away .
 This drill has great power . We are building our home , and this drill is handling every job we use it on with ease . It has the greatest torque of any drill we saw , and enough power to do any task . We highly recomend this product .
 This drill has a lot of torque , solid feel , and seems durable . We 've used these in our lab for many years and abused them quite a bit , and they 've come through great . I do wish it had bubble levels mounted in the casing on the side and on the opposite end from the chuck , like some Craftsman drills do . Batteries charge fast and last a long time .
 As I have come to expect , this is another really great tool from Porter Cable . Very strong drive and what appears to be really good battery life . The cordless chuck even has a `` lock up '' feature that automatically locks the gears when you are manually changing bits -LRB- ever wrestle with the other kind ? -RRB- .
 I had used several different mobile bases on my Powermatic 16 '' planer , which weighs about 1,000 lbs . They all failed ! But the Jet 708119 is the best best bet for the money .
 I have this base for my Jet Supersaw , it fits perfectly , nevergets in the way , and lets me move the saw around the garage atwill . A fantastic addition . And it will last forever due tothe stout construction . A word of advice
 Arrived on time . Base is very sturdy and easy to set you without tool . I found it would not go down to 20 inches wide so had to cut two of the cross bars which was easy with a power hacksaw . I would not try to do it by hand . The one thing I find that I do not like is that only two of the wheels swivel making it hard to move around my shop .
 I bought this to use as a mobile base for my Rikon 18 &#34; band saw . Since 24x24 is the min size it will go to I had decided to cut two of the flat rods but once I received I decided not to go this way . I made a sandwich of two 24 &#34; x 30 &#34; 3/4 &#34; thick plywood sheets and mounted the saw on top with 4 screws to keep it secure . Due to the wider base the Band Saw is even more stable and the whole base feel solid and strong.The facility in putting this together without any tools make assembly a snap . A bit pricey but NOT when you see the quality construction of the base . My only gripe is that id does not have a better way to anchor the saw when positioned . The wheels do lock but the say still moves if pushed a bit hard . IN this department the Shop Fox bases are better than the Jet.Overall a great products and i will buy again if I need to in the future .
 In my small shop , space is a premium and moving a heavy table saw and stand is a nuisance . The Jet 708119 JMB-UMB-HD Universal Mobile Base is a great solution . It took five minutes to assemble and set the saw/stand onto the base . Easily moves around and the sturdy castors have suitable locks that serve my purposes perfectly . Other reviewers go into significant details on how to make it really solid on hard floors , but I did n't have that issue . The steel and welds are well done and very sturdy ; 1/4 '' steel , for the most part . The shipping box arrived via UPS in undamaged condition and the unit is well packed in expanded styrene foam packaging for protection . I 'm very pleased .
 The fit and finish of the base was great and I assembled it in 15 minutes with no tools . I bought it for a used Jet cabinet saw and found out it was too big to fit the saw base exactly . The side bars would have had to be trimmed off with a hack saw for it to fit . Although the steel brackets would have supported the saw without modification I decided to cut a piece of plywood and insert in the bottom . This way saw would not slip back and forth on the metal brackets and if I purchased another saw latter on with a larger base I could reuse the mobile base . The saw sits in the base with about an inch of clearance around the edges of the metal bar/sides . I think the description should indicate that base may need modification for some cabinet saws for an exact fit or Jet should of stated what base would not fit some of their saw models precisely . For those cases , a tools would be needed to cut down the sides .
 Set up time was five minutes . Spent more time in raising my planer to set on the base . Should have bought this jewel years ago . One word ... Excellent .
 The mobile base was received in good condition , and went together without a hitch.Note that two of the casters do not rotate and only move in one direction .
 After building and installing this under my existing table saw in less than five minutes , I 'm impressed.Simple slide and click assembly that ca n't be beat . Sturdy frame and meaty wheels . There is a small amount of flex , but hardly noticeable and probably helps with vibration
 I ordered this mobile base for my new Jet JPS-10
 i bought this base for my supersaw and it is just awesome . will buy another one in the near future . took about 5 minutes to assemble and load my saw on it .
 This is an excelent mobile base . I highly recommend this to all woodworkers who own a table saw or other heavy machine . The only issue I have with this product is that Amazon insists on shipping it in the original box which is not reinforced enough to ensure that the rails arrive with the casters . I had to order this product 3 times befor I got the rails to put it together correctly . I spoke woth several people about this issue but no one in shipping is listening .
 We are very satisfied with this product . It is exactly as advertised , was easy to assemble and works great !
 I recently purchased a new JET 708781K JWSS-CS-PF Supersaw with 30 '' XACTA fence and slider that tips the scales at 420 pounds . I wanted to buy a heavier duty base than my existing HTC or Delta bases -LRB- HTC 1000 and Delta 50-345 -RRB- . Although the HTC and Delta bases are good , there really is no way to compare it to the Jet universal base . The other two bases support 300-400 pounds and the Jet supports 1200 pounds.The Delta and HTC took a significant amount of time to assemble ; the Delta about 2 hours since you had to make your own wood stock and the HTC about an hour since there were many bolts to install.The Delta and HTC both lift up the machine off the ground with foot levers . This works ok if the tool is not too heavy . The Jet base casters just lock or un-lock , NO tipping of the machine in anyway , which gives me piece of mind with a 420 saw.Since it is designed to stay off the floor permenently , the base actually lifts the machine 3/4 's of an inch off the floor as opposed to the HTC which is a little less than a an inch . This was not a big deal for me , but it is different . Since the casters have to support the machine all the time , they are super heavy duty.The best part of this base is its ease of assembly - NO TOOLS REQUIRED!It took me longer to unpack it from the box -LRB- about 10 minutes -RRB- than to actually assemble -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- . The corners are very heavy duty with welded construction -LRB- I uploaded pictures for everyone -RRB- . To assemble , you take the cross bars and simply slide them in the slots . There are spring loaded pins that keep them in position . You can change the size of the base in under a minute , but pulling the pin and sliding the bars larger or smaller , that 's incredible!With the HTC , you can adjust the size by disassembling the many nuts and bolts . With the Delta , forget it since you had to cut the wood to specific dimensions . The Jet base can be reconfigured to fit any tool in minutes.Do yourself a favor , spend the extra money to get this base that will last you a lifetime , will allow you to use it in 5 minutes and get you back in the workshop and make some more sawdust !
 We have a very heavy table saw and have been trying to find a base that will work . We tried making our own as well as purchasing ones that lift the saw onto the wheels in order to move it . Neither of these worked as the saw is simply too heavy . This base is working great . The locks on the wheels keep it very steady during use . We have a long extension on the table and have ordered the extension base , but it has not come yet . The base is working fine for now without the extension , which was a worry .
 I used this base under an old delta table saw that was used in an industrial setting . Besides the saw weighing 600 lbs , I attached an extended table and an 8 foot long fence rail to the saw , which increased the weight more . The base handled the load without a problem . It rolls with ease and locks down securely.It met every expectation I could have .
 Good product . I have 6 of them .
 I own and have used Delta , HTC , Ridgid , Grizzly , and home built mobile stands with $ 50 casters on each corner , spending up to $ 300 for an HTC custom built for my MiniMax -LRB- with plastic casters by the way -RRB- . While cast iron or rubber-tired steel casters have their place , plastic has held up just fine for my use -LRB- which includes 1/2 the shop with concrete and 1/2 in rough plywood flooring . I frequently negotiate a 1/4 '' bump between the wood and concrete and also go over a sill to the outside . The Jets have done just fine.What I like about the Jet , compared to the HTC and others , is that it 's easy to back tools against a wall and lock them in place with the Jet . One tip -- you do want to secure your tool to the base for maximum stability . A plywood sub-base attached to both the often flimsy open sheet metal base of your tool and then with one bolt through each corner brace of the Jet base removes a lot of flex . Flex is the one limitation of the Jet -LRB- it really should get 4.5 stars because of this -RRB- , but is easily overcome to create a 5 star solution .
 I see the price has risen ... mine was $ 79.99 with the free shipping . But this unit is very good . It took all of 3 minutes to put it together and about 10 more to slide it under my Delta 10 '' Radial Arm Saw . It came with all four corners/casters fully assembled , all I had to do was measure , pull out the spring loaded stops and slide the corners to the desired length on the stretchers . Truly , it could not be easier or quicker ! When all four of the casters are locked it does not move unless you put so much pressure against it that they slide on the concrete -LRB- which incidentally I did -RRB- . However , I found that it seemed to need more pressure to slide the saw now with the Jet Base than it did when all I had was the saw sitting on the shop floor.Best of all , finally , I can put the saw out of the middle of the floor ... EASILY !! Highly recommended .
 Having a small shop , I get to be creative in using my available space . Over the years I 've used many mobile bases for my various equipment - some good , others literally dangerous to operate . I use a 500 lb bandsaw . Moving it had been a challenge because it 's top heavy , and I had originally mounted it on a flimsy , three-wheeled mobile base . Too many times I came close to tipping it over . For years I knew how to make it safer , but never made the change to a better base ... until I got fed up with the dangerous situation . I decided on this heavy duty base , and am glad I did . The assembly instructions were clear and intuitive . I modified my installation to widen the footprint and further reduce the tipping potential . I mounted a 3/4 inch solid-core plywood panel to the base of the saw . I cut it about 6 inches wider -LRB- all four sides -RRB- than the saw 's base , bolted it to the saw base , then bolted the ply to the mobile base . I opted for the heavy duty model , even though the less expensive model would have worked . For me , it 's the perfect solution . Soon I 'll be replacing my other lesser quality mobile bases with two just like this one .
 I ordered this base after looking at a number of products . It is a great product . It is sturdy and the assembly uses no tools
 This base is perfect for my Jet Supersaw . No tools to assemble , built very solid , and easy to use . I highly recommend this base .
 This takes 2 minutes to assemble . No bag of bolts or screws , and you can put the instructions away ! The package has eight pieces
 This is the best mobile base I have bought ! I tried a different brand this time . I know Jet is a very good name and now I am a believer !! Absolutely no tools needed ! This thing has locking pins so it slides to adjust to size ! I had it together within 5 minuets !! Jet put a lot of thought into this item and this will not be the last Jet product I buy .
 Very strong and easy to put together . Work well with my saw that is about 500 lbs . Wheels move very smooth .
 I purchased this base to go under my new Jet cabinet saw . It assembled quickly and easily . The saw moves easily with this base .
 I 've owned a PC 19.2 drill for two years and use it nearly every day in custom home construction . While researching a new saw/drillcombo on this site I see that people have had trouble with the charge life of the battteries . This bewilders me since everyday use had not included everyday charging for me . There have been many days that I 've ran my drill all day off of two battery cycles .
 I bought this combo 2 years ago from Amazon and love it . I mostly needed a drill , but the savings offered persuaded me to go with the combo . I received with this kit the 6 '' circular saw , and 19.2 v drill/driver , and extra GTF inserts for the handles , a 1 hour diagnostic charger , -LRB- 2 -RRB- 19.2 V 2.4 amp-hour batteries , as well as a hard plastic case for storing both tools . I am a hardcore DIY'er and love these tools.Drill : The drill performs flawlessly , I use it once a week at the very least . Not pictured is a threaded handle that mounts from either side of the drill , or removes to get into tight spaces . The high/low gearbox lets you find a speed that suits your job . I love the 1/2 '' keyless chuck , it makes changing bits one handed easy , especially handy on a ladder . The 20 position clutch is great when you are trying not to overdrive a screw or fastener . This drill has a hefty feel to it , and the GTF system makes for a custom fit to your hand . The battery life on the drill is unreal , I installed a metal roof on a 24 ` x42 ' building with self tapping metal screws on -LRB- 2 -RRB- 2 year old batteries . Longevity seems to be a non-issue with these batteries.Saw : It is advertised that this saw can cross cut 100 2x4 's on a single charge , it may be capable of that , but it is only capable of ripping 22 feet of 4/4 -LRB- 1 inch -RRB- pine on a single charge . By the time you get done ripping 22 feet of lumber , the battery is smoking hot from the quick discharge and the 1 hour charger is useless until the battery cools for about another 45 minutes . The LED diagnostic works fine on the charger letting you know that the battery can not be charged if it is too hot or too cold . I think that because this saw 's ripping capabilities are not that strong , it has gotten a bad wrap . In a situation where you are cross cutting , the battery will not overheat from extended periods of use , and thus the charger will charge your battery fully in 1 hour . The blade is a 18 carbide tooth thin kerf , suited well for ripping , not as well for plywood , which will chip out . The plywood blade will set you back about $ 20 . Buy your extra blades from Amazon when you buy your saw , because they are not readily available at Home Depot or Lowes . Overall , if you want to take a couple of charged batteries into the woods and build a remote cabin , this is not your saw . If you want a saw that you will use for cross cutting and light to medium duties it may be right for you .
 I have had this set for some time now , and I am still impressed with it . The balance and feel of both tools is great , and the power is very impressive . These are heavy duty tools and noticeably heavier than lighter duty models , so keep that in mind if weight is important to you . The battery life is far longer than any other tool I have used . The review on this product claiming short battery life must have had defective of mistreated batteries , because I have never been able to drain a battery in one hour under even the heaviest use . On the negative side , the 6 inch circular saw blades can be hard to find , and a hammerdrill option would have been nice .
 This simple device is a time saver for me . I do not have the space for a permanent workshop floor with convenient built-in dust collection . Instead , I use the drag things around the garage or driveway method . The flaired end connects easily to a rigid 4 '' fitting and I use this to move my dust collection from table saw to router table to planer , etc. . The quick connect moves from tool to tool without delaying my work progress . At first I thought the connector might disengage itself while the tool was in operation but I 've had no problems . I 'd recommend the quick disconnect for anyone needing to change tool connections quickly and reliably .
 Since I do n't have room for a permanent fixed dust collection system I am stuck doing the dust collection dance with all my tools . This quick disconnect has never let me down . I have n't been using it all that long , but I have been using it long enough to fill my dust collection bag by about 1/3 . I can move from table saw to band saw to planer without any hassle .
 This item works fine but my band saw has a cast metal saw dust port that is 4 inches so I had to add a piece of 4 inch pvc pipe to connect it to the reducer .
 The quick connect is just what I needed to create my pre-collection filter on my dust collection system .
 Jet makes great fittings for their dust collectors . These make it easy to disconnect the tools to move around in the workshop .
 THIS MOP IS JUST LIKE THE ONE MY MOM USED . I STILL THINKS IT 'S THE BEST ONE ON THE MARKET !
 The dovetail jig works just fine . The user manual is lousy and just plain wrong in several key places . Be aware that this is not a 12-inch jig , but rather a 11.5-inch jig as adjusting bolts limit actual stock width to 11.5 inches or less . Use a search engine to locate an on-line source for a decent manual . All-in-all , a good product for the price .
 Jig is well built and works well , alittle time consuming to adjust but when set up is nice
 After spending the last three hours setting up the dovetail jig I was able to fashion my first drawer to my finicky expectations.As others stated , the instructions leave a _ lot _ to be desired , hence the three hour setup.The hardest part of the setup is getting the dovetail bit at theperfect height so the joint is neither loose nor too tight . Once you have this height . LEAVE THE BIT IN THE ROUTER!Use of a straight `` clearing bit '' saves wear and tear on your dovetail bit . If you decide to use a clearing bit , put it in another router -LRB- I 'm using a $ 70.00 cheapo router I got a couple of years ago -RRB- The crucial concept in setting the height is thatyou need to adjust 1/2X of what you measure . This is because you 're affecting both the pins and tails . For a perfect fit , instead of adjusting the bit and making another pass , cut off the old pins and tails and start fresh.One more thing . After you make the first pass , go back a second time to clean up anything you might have missed . For me , it 's the difference between having to hammer the joint together and just push it together with my hands.Although the jig clamping system appears sloppy , it should be remembered that it is only a clamping system and works quite well for this task . The stops that require adjusting during setup perform acceptably , although I fine tune the setup after clamping to ensure that the top and side are absolutely flush.I 'm quite pleased with this product . Especially considering what others are selling for . Not only does the Jet take bigger stock , but it appears that I can do both half-blind and full dovetails just by adjusting the stop . This would appear to work only up to 3/4 stock . When I find out for sure , I 'll edit this review .
 the tool is a good product and at $ ... also a good value . the only problems encountered were with the manual the technical writing contained errors one being the bit depth listed at 7/8 '' at this depth you will be burning the top of the wood because the cutting head on the bit is not deep enough the , corect distance is 5/8 '' . a friend let me borrow his manual for the woodstock 12 '' jig and the people at jet could learn alot from this manual instead of vague descriptions you see detailed drawings and a comprehensive trouble shooting guide . after adjustments I have to say I am very happy with this purchase it is consistant and quick as well as gives a clean joint .
 I recieved this jig for xmas last year , but just unpacked it this month . Usually cut my dovetails by hand as most of my jewelry box 's are 4 '' or less in depth . With the Lee Valley/Veritas dovetail guide and dovetail saddle , layout and cutting on smaller pieces is pretty quick and accurate . I have a xmas project for 12 jewelry box 's this year , for granddaughters , and decided they would all be basically the same design , but using differant woods for each.Also they will be 7 '' deep . Figured I could set the jig up and then cut all the dovetails for the 12 box 's in one session.The jig , at first , does not seem overly robust . Have n't seen or used any others so my impression may be wrong on this . The manual is pretty dismal , took a couple hours of trial and error to get everything locked in the way I wanted . I ended up making 6 `` shop box 's '' before I was happy with the results . The clamping system does an adequate job of holding the wood in the jig . Seems flimsy but does do the job . I agree with the previous reviewer who said to use a straight bit to hog out first then use the dovetail bit to finish . This makes for a nicer finish on the joints , leaving just a little cleanup . Once I got the jig set it did a pretty good job , it repeated nicely and I had no problems with any of the pieces or parts . Counting setup and cutting time it took about 6 hrs to do all 12 box 's . I figure that was 4 hrs actually cutting on the jewelry box 's . It probably would have taken me 6hrs to cut and fit them by hand . So . . two hours of actual labor saved . The joints fit well and look nice , so I guess I am happy with the results . I do n't think I would have bought a dovetail jig for myself , or if I had it would have been a much larger one . Would be nice to use one on the hope chest 's I seem to making more of . They tend to be 18 '' -20 '' deep and cutting the dovetails by hand takes up a lot of time.That being said , I do miss some of the satisfaction I get out of cutting them by hand . I will keep this jig and use it when I have `` production '' work to do , but for individually sized box 's , I can cut the dovetails by hand in the time it would take to set this jig up.For the price I think this jig will be hard to beat , and would recommend it as a first jig , or one for occasional use .
 I just recently purchased the Jet Dovetail jig , and I have to say I had absolutely no problems with it . I did n't have to make any adjustments besides the fence to get a perfect dovetail the first time used . For the weekend woodworker this jig is definately worth it , considering the low price . The equation in the instruction booklet made no sense , just trial and error on some scrap pieces of wood to set the fence . I gave this jig 5 stars because of the low price and beautiful dovetails this jig produced for me the first time out of the box .
 I have made some drawers with this jig and find it adequate . It has been some time since i read the instructions , and the other reviewers may have a ligitimate complaint about them being poorly written . I had no major problems . Initial adjustment of the jig takes a few minutes . Also initial adjustment of your router takes a little time and maybe a few trial pieces . I recommend buying a good quality dovetail bit . The cheapo bits are generally shorter in legnth and cause it to be inserted way to shallow in your router . This can be dangerous . After everything is set up , making the dovetails is a breeze , just number your pieces and insert them into the jig the right way . The clamps work well and hold the boards firmly . KEEP IN MIND - the jig is not adjustable like a Leigh . I have found that the dovetails end up looking the best if the drawer height is limited to 1 '' increments . I rated this at 4 stars because i felt that is was a good value for the money . It 's certainly not the best jig out there , but i think it has been a great easy to use starter jig -LRB- once set up -RRB- and i 'm sure it will provide good service until i can justify the cost of a larger one .
 This product is a nice quality piece of equipment for the money . I would buy it again , and it does what it is advertised to do.I read the comments about the manual . It 's not the best manual , but if you read the manual and follow the directions it 's correct . The biggest problem I see from people in here and what I experienced is that you have to follow the text written directions for measuring the router base , wood , and router bit . If you follow the quick reference table , it will not be correct . It does n't imply some of the proper math . Other than that , it 's a drawer making machine !
 The hammer/drill is on the heavy side , but is an excellent hammer drill . I have been drilling very hard concrete with a very good non-hammer , corded , drill and it would take several minutes to complete each hole . The Porter-Cable cordless hammer drill complete a hole in seconds . Love the drill , just a little on the heavy side .
 I bought the PC 9987 hammerdrill back in Dec ' 04 . The drill has gone through alot of lag bolts , deck screws and drilling out holes in hardwood and softwood . It works great ! Never misses a beat . I own many Porter Cable tools and have found them all to be of excellent quality . The drill , the batteries , the charger , the flashlight -LRB- comes in very handy -RRB- - no complaints whatsoever . I still own one from the previous generation of cordless drills - still working great ! My wife uses my old one because it has the smaller battery.It has plenty of torque and runs very smoothly . It is on the heavy side , which is something PC could improve . As far as quality and performance goes , Porter Cable is at the TOP - irreregardless of what magazine reviewers say . Whenever I am in need of a tool , I always look to see what the Porter Cable model is like , and so far it 's the brand I usually end up buying.A point of correction to a previous reviewer - the gears on this drill are ALL metal - It says so right on the box label !
 I bought my drill in Nov. 2003 , and the performance it puts out is outstanding . It 's expensive , but it 's worth every penny I spent for it . 2 years ago I paid with tax , $ 230.00 for one , because I was building a patio room and a deck . The power it possess !!! This drill is so powerful , it will drive 6 '' to 8 '' bolts in the wall like childs play . I promise you that you will not be sorry if you purchase this one , it 's a keeper . WARNING
 We have been using these PC 19.2 hammer drills for building cisterns -LRB- big concrete boxes that catch & store rainwater -RRB- in Haiti for several years . We surely use them well beyond their intended capacity , we regularly drive 3/8 '' lag bolts & endless numbers of 3 '' wood screws . The drive in the drill holds up incredibly well , we get about 18 months out of a battery on average , I do n't know how many discarges and recharges this is but we are well satisfied with the package . We try to be vigilant about completely discharging the battery before charging . We have a circular saw that uses the same power and it is very well built and very handy but it uses up a battery in short order . The chargers do charge in an hour and hold up well considering the power source we use fluctuates.We have been very happy with the performance of this product and plan to continue to use them in the future .
 I bought the drill a little over five years ago and I am as pleased with it now as I was when it was brand new . This drill has been put through it 's paces over the last five years and never fails . It has been well used and abused , dropped -LRB- off of roofs -RRB- , kicked and just generally abused as any tool would be . The only draw back to the drill is the fact that it is heavier than most , but you wo n't mind . The battery life if very good and re-charge time is quick . All in all it is highly reccomended , this coming five years later and not right after it was bought .
 I bought this drill 4 years ago and liked it so well I purchased another one !! I also bought the flashlight . Watch when replacing the battery to be sure and get the larger amp one it lasts much longer hopefully PC will follow as the rest of the manufacturers with lithium batteries.Only one drawback was the cost of replacment batteries . But I guess you get what you pay for . They truly last a long time . We use on a daily basis in the field and were completely satisified .
 I am very pleased with this drill . It is replacing a Black & Decker 14.4 volt drill I purchased 2 years ago . The Porter-Cable drill appears to be a much better made drill . I really like the two speed ranges . The charger will not charge hot batterys which would shorten battery life , a great feature if your relatives borrow you tools and do not read instructions . For heavy duty use Porter-Cable offers the same drill with a heavy duty battery , but with the 1 hour charger , I have not found a need for a larger battery . A great product !!
 Except for a few initial impressions it 's difficult to rate cordless drills until they start to fail . This is quite a heavy tool which is the tradeoff for its power and charge duration though it is decently balanced . I purchased this model with the hammer feature only because at the time it was the only way I could get the 2.4 Amp-hr batteries vs. the 2.0 . This difference may not sound like much but it is worth whatever it takes to get this upgrade for the longer run time . I do also like having the 1/2 '' chuck . I 've owned an armload of P-C drills and am willing to continue with them . Despite reports to the contrary , I 've had good experiences with their customer service .
 I AM A CUSTOM INSTALLER IN THE AV INDUSTRY AND I USE MY DRILL -LRB- S -RRB- ALL DAY EVERYDAY AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT THIS IS THE BEST DRILL I HAVE HAD YET . WOOD , METAL , MASONRY , NOTHING CAN STOP IT . EVERTHING FROM THE POWER , THE CHUCK , THE BATTERY LIFE , TO THE GRIP IS GREAT . WITH MY PC DRILL I REPLACED SEVERAL OTHER DRILLS INCLUDING AN 18V DEWALT -LRB- THE DEWALT WAS GREAT BUT SO COMMON THAT THE BATTRIES SEEMED TO DISAPEAR ALL THE TIME -RRB- . FROM MY EXPIRIENCE MILWALKIES ARE JUST AS GOOD AND DEWALTS AND RIGIDS ARE NOT FAR BEHIND BUT I LOVE MY PC .
 It was cheeper to buy this hammer drill with two batteries than to buy just two new batteries . The hammer drill is a nice add to my collection of tools for all my projects .
 This is by far the best cordless drill on the market . When I burn this one up , I 'll buy another one just like it again !
 My 5 year old 19.2 Porter Cable 1/2 inch drill had a battery go bad . So I bought this one . Turns out the charger was bad so now I have two great drills and 4 batteries ! Cool ! This drill is everything they say it is . It goes through concrete block like butter . Have not tried it in poured concrete yet . The chuck is much better than the old one . When the motor is stoped , the shaft is locked and that makes it easier to loosen the chuck with one hand .
 My father is a contractor who is very picky about his tools , and very hard on them as well . This is the 3rd drill of the same model for him , and he keeps going back to it because he likes it so much . I even picked one up for myself , seeing how much he likes his ! It drills through anything ! Good battery life , charges quickly , great product overall . A bit heavy , but understandably so , seeing that the power it puts out needs to come from somewhere !
 This drill has exceeded my expectations . It is very powerful , the batteries last and recharge quickly . I have used these drills heavily for a few years and have had no problems with them .
 Product order and delivered promptly -- all well-done . No way to test the unit itself , only lightning can test it . The specific item was recommended via a customer service call to APC , where I pointed out that all protective devices I had seen with a RJ-45 interface , were designed to protect Ethernet and I needed something specific for ISDN which involved phone lines . I feel a lot better about leaving things on during storms now -- before installing this protective device , the last lightning storm cost me over $ 85 for a new Cisco router .
 Great power , improved chuck . Only drawback , no storage room in case for drill bits and saw blades .
 I bought both the Dewalt 18 volt combo pack and the Porter-Cable 19.2 volt combo pack . I also purchased 4 2X6 to test the two combo kits on . I used a 1 inch drill bit for both.The Dewalt made 39 holes . While my Porter-Cable combo pack was coming in , I decided to test my 2-year-old Porter-Cable 14 volt hammer drill . It made an astounding 28 holes . I immediatly returned the Dewalt to the store because the Porter-Cable only made 11 holes less . The new , 19.2 Porter-Cable Drill made a whopping 60 holes , 21 more then the new Dewalt drill .
 Porter Cable produces very high quality wood working tools and keeps me coming back for more . However , I was dissapointed to end up with a combo-pack with missing parts . The base insert and mounting knob for the circular saw were missing . PC customer service is difficult to reach for most people that work during the day . I 've also noticed that even the most essential items that should be included with their tools are always accesories and must be purchased seperately . Case in point is the rip fence for their circular saws . A rip fence is an item that is standard equipment with most other saws . I buy PC because of the high quality , but I think the price warrants PC including basic equipment in their kits . And there should be something simpler in the line of customer service . Porter Cable products are going to be used primarily by profesionals , and I ca n't imagine these people having to take time out of their productive day to sit on hold for customer service . That 's the extent of my critique.All in all , Porter Cable makes truly GREAT tools and I highly recommend them .
 UNLIKE DEWALT THE TOOLS ARE THE MOST POWERFUL ON THE MARKET AND MAYBE THE BATTERY DOES N'T LAST BUT AT LEAST IS CUTS THROUGH ANYTHING THE TIGER SAW IS THE FASTEST RECIPRICATING SAW IN THE WORLD INCLUDING THE CORDED ONES . THE DRILL WITH ITS HAMMER CRUSHES AND DRILLS WITH EASE . ONE POINT I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE DEWALT DOES MAKE BETTER RECIPICATING BLADES THAN PORTER AND FOR THE CIRCULAR SAW USE ONLY THE BEST DEABLO BLADES FROM ANY HOME INPROVEMENT STORE.THE BATTERY BUTTONS DONT GET STUCK OR BROKENT LIKE DEWALTS BUT DO TAKE A SHORT WHILE TO GET USED TO . IT IS AND AWSOME TOOL THAT IS WHY IT IS USED IN THE NEW YANKEE WORKSHOP AND MY CABNINTRY AND FURNITURE MAKING .
 I bought the jig to speed the process of making tenons . For that purpose it does exactly what it says it will . The only reason I do n't give it five stars is the quality of the screws used . When I went to adjust the miter bar two of the three hex screws stripped out , they are either very soft and of poor quality or put in with Loc Tight . One thing in favor of Delta . I contacted a local , California , factory service center . They have ordered the entire miter bar assembly and will send it to me to replace the current one . With the quick response for service it restores my faith in Delta . So far , I have had great luck with Delta Products ...
 I had the identical experience as Frank McKee , bum screws in the mitre bar . Delta shipped a replacement bar with set screws separate , no questions asked . I was up and running in a week and the jig performs as advertised .
 This Delta Tenoning Jig is a great boon to making neat and accurate tenons . For the price , it would be difficult to find one better!The service I received from Amazon was as usual brilliant ! Keep up the good work Guys !
 I bought this tool because it was a Top Tool in a Wood Magazine review and I have not been disappointed . This was my first project with mortis and tenon joints and this jig made them easy . I would buy it again.Assembly and set up are not trivial , however . The unpainted machined surfaces come coated with a preservative . The manual says to remove it with a rag moistened with kerosene . There is no way that would work . I cleaned it outside where I could flood it with kerosene and then wipe it off . The preservative is everywhere ; the base comes partially assembled , but I had to disassemble it to get at all the preservative.A couple of other reviews say that the jig did not fit their saw ; one talks about the washers on the miter bar . The miter bar comes with washers mounted on the ends of the miter bar to fit `` T '' slot miter slots . The manual says to remove these washers if your saw does not have a `` T '' slot . My saw has a `` T '' slot , but the jig still would not fit . The space between the washer and the miter bar is too small to fit so I removed the washers -LRB- no grinding involved as mentioned in the other review , just a screw through each washer -RRB- . It should be possible to shim the washers to fit but I did not bother.The miter bar is adjusted to fit your slot by turning three set screws . These screws have a spot of thread lock on them so they do not move after adjustment , but this also makes them hard to adjust . Two of the three did turn although they were tight . The third would not hardly move . The end of the included hex key wrench rounded before it would turn . I ground the wrench flat on the end and finally got the screw to move . Other reviews talk about poor quality screws ; I did not see that ; the wrench rounded over before the hex socket in the screw failed.The backstop is hard to adjust to a right angle with the table . Setting it is easy , but tightening the lock knob -LRB- lever -RRB- causes it to move.Using the jig is a breeze . The continuously adjustable clamp arm makes it easy to tightly clamp just about any size stock . The fine adjustment of the cut location is really fine , a full turn for 1/16 '' movement , however , there is a lot of backlash in this adjustment , probably 1/2 turn.I like the position of the two handles , fore and aft ; they seem perfectly positioned to make the cut.One other review talked about problems after 50-60 tenons ; I have only made 12 , so something may go wrong later . So far I am satisfied .
 I recently purchased a new Delta Unisaw and wanted a tenoning jig to go with the table saw . I was unable to find a Delta jig in the UK but I was able to purchase one through Amazon.com.The postage was a bit expensive but it did have to come from the USA to the UK.The tenoning jig is very resonably priced and is a high quality jig . The first tenons I made using the jig are great and I am pleased I purchased this jig . So far I can find no fault with this jig and would recommend it .
 My first attempt to use the Delta 34-184 tenoning jig , after I had cleaned all the preservative off and assembled it , were less then awe-inspiring . While not complicated this jig has a slight learning curve and every time I use it , the results get more predictable and more accurate . Previously , I cut all tenons either by hand or using the bandsaw or the dado blade on my table saw . But with a little practice , I think this jig will be the go to method for tenons , as well as lap and bridal joints . If you use a lot of mortise and tenon joints , as I do , then this jig is well worth your time and money .
 This machine works as advertised . It cuts clean concise tenons that are 100 % repeatable . It is massive and just plows the material through the saw blade.Set up took a while but that was me being overly careful . Great tool.This is the better of the two you can get from Delta . My review of the other jig was meant to be for this one . The other is lower priced but not nearly as accurate as this one.Sorry for the mix up !
 Great jig and great price . Well made and I am satisfied with the tenons that it makes , This jig really makes it easy to get precise tenons without much work .
 This has been reviewed as the best Tenoning jig and this source was at least $ 20 below other market costs and was delivered quickly and in perfect shape !
 This is a great jig . Im not sure why it needed to be covered heavily in grease - it took me quite a while to clean it up and get a good coat of -LRB- automotive -RRB- wax on it to prevent rust . Once I got it cleaned up and started using it I wonder how I got along without one .
 I bought this jig to replace a homemade jig that I have been using . Out of the box the tool looked to be top quality . During assembly and setup I encoutered a couple of problems . First , during conversion to a left tilting arbor I found that the metric `` Button Head Screws '' that attach the miter guide to the base were made of soft inferior quality metal . I had to cut the screws out and replace with quality screws . Second , the rear adjustment for eliminating side-to-side play -LRB- slop -RRB- in the miter guide would not eliminate the side to side movement in the miter guide . This adjustment device also had to abe replaced . On the bright side , the jig works beautifully for cutting accurate tenons.Bobby ParrisEngineer turned Woodworker
 Delta 34-184 Tenoning JigI bought one of these jigs in January 2003 , and in spite of problems some reviewers have had with their units , mine has worked out just fine . When brand new , one of the two large handles would n't screw into the cast iron base , but Delta sent a new one immediately , no questions asked.The guide bar that runs in the miter gage slot had a bit of side-to-side play , but that was resolved by adjusting the two `` slop removal '' Allen screws in the guide bar . However , neither metric nor American Allen wrenches fit those screws very well -- e.g. , a 2.5 mm wrench has too much play , but a 3 mm wo n't fit . Although I was worried about stripping the screw head , adjustment to remove virtually all play was quick and easy.The only adjustment that took appreciable time was making the jig face absolutely parallel to the table saw blade.Another reviewer said his jig was n't flat on the table , and another said he needed a spacer to do the actual tenon cutting . On a Delta Unisaw , my jig lays perfectly flat -- zero wobble -- and it 's distance to the blade is just fine . I.e. , if the jig is in the right-hand slot , the vertical side of the jig can be as close as 11/8 '' from the blade . If the jig is inserted into the left slot , the vertical side of the jig is flush with the blade , and can be backed off from there.Other than needing better quality screws , I have no complaints . Perhaps Delta has used differing Taiwanese factories to manufacture these tools , with varying results - if so , that would explain why some jigs , like mine , are fine - while other owners have problems . In any case , Fine Woodworking 's 2006 Tool Guide rates this the best overall choice of the ten jigs they tested.However , based on other Amazon reviews , if you buy one , get it directly from Amazon and save the packaging . Check it out soon after arrival , and if it 's seriously defective -LRB- e.g. , wobbles -RRB- , do not deal with Delta ; just return it to Amazon . Some Amazon affiliated retailers will charge YOU the shipping , even for a defective product ; but Amazon pays shipping both ways if a product is defective .
 As most will attest , the tool comes set for a right tilt saw . This seems strange since most saws are now left tilt . This operation requires you to remove the guide and adjuster and relocate the guide to another set of pre-drilled holes . When I re-assembled the tool , I could not square it to the table . The holes were drilled out of allignment in the base ! It is beyond me how that happens . If the tool is built using a CNC machine , it should be impossible . Delta must be using low skilled laborers to manually drill the holes , that 's the only way it could happen . -LRB- What was the quality inspector doing when this mistake went by . -RRB- So , off to my drill press to open up the hole . What 's up with the paint ? Even after I got the packing grease off , the paint was not the same color . Even on the same part . Minor gripe , but it goes towards quality.Operation
 It is n't as precision as I would have liked . The instruction has a few mistakes in it and the Technical Assistance was poor due to a woman who was n't familiar with the jig and had to keep leaving me on hold while she asked questions to some other employee .
 I just received this tenon jig and I have to admit that after reading the reviews on here I was more than a bit apprehensive with my order . However , after assembling this jig I was pleasantly surprised at how very well this jig was constructed . There were no poorly machined parts and the jig assembled quite quickly . The adjustments were easy to do even after `` reinterpreting '' the directions where numbers in one photo equate to letters in the next . For the money this jig is outstanding and I would rate it as a top value purchase .
 I was originally looking for a one gallon can . I use this can for my oil mixed gas . This can should last the rest of my life and maybe my kids as well . This can is extremely well built . I would recommend this can to anyone .
 I have both eagle and Justrite safety cans and prefer the Justrite over the eagle . I find them easier to fill . They are 10 times better than a plastic can though .
 I have both the Justrite and the eagle and prefer the Justrite . either is 1,000 times better than a plastic can .
 A great container to safely store gas to easily fuel a generator , mower , or any gasoline engine I own ! Highly recommend it !
 The only problem is that long spout is too thin and mightnot last long . If that breaks you will have to use a funnel.The company does not have a web site to see the price forthe funnel.The tank will last forever .
 I previously bought a crappy plastic Briggs & Stratton 5 gallon diesel container which never failed to leave me smelling like diesel after inevitable leaks and spills . This sucker , however , is well-made , easy-to-use , and of an elegant simple design . Highly recommended .
 All seems to be going just fine with these Eagle UI-50-FSY Yellow Galvanized Steel Type I Diesel Safety Cans . I have no complaints .
 All these no spill safety gas cans keep breaking spouts and cracking on me and spill gas all the time ! NOT with this Eagle can , this will put the fuel where it should go with control ! The can is metal and will not crack in the sun or leak . The 2 gallon is great for chain saws and weed eaters . Try one and you wo n't go back !!!
 I 've gone through a few plastic cans that kept giving me problems with leaks while filling . I worked with a friend on a burn unit who was himself burned when he ran out of gas while cutting the grass and tried adding fuel to a hot motor -- NEVER a good idea . The plastic fill tube on his and on most of mine leaked . I live in Marquette , Michigan and could n't find any metal cans locally.This can is n't ideal since apparently they have decided we ca n't have a separate fill opening.Getting gas into the can requires take the plastic funnel off and pulling back the spring loaded gas pour cap while filling . That being said once the gas is in the can you can fuel your machines safe in the knowledge that unless you try to gas a hot engine -LRB- and are careless -RRB- that you 'll be able to complete the task without setting yourself afire .
 I am impressed . Between the welded steel construction , the galvanizing , and the power coat paint , I do n't imagine that these gas cans will rust away in the next couple of decades . They are a HUGE step up from the standard plastic gas cans that will never sit right , will never seal right , and will rarely pour right ! We have tried a dozen other gas cans , and these are the only ones that we really trust . If I had bought these in the first place -LRB- 30 years ago and more recently -RRB- , I would have probably saved money over the long haul . Do n't be put off by the price - they are good for many years .
 I bought several of these after becoming frustrated with the new `` safety spout '' features on the plastic cans . These are well built , sturdy cans that you can pour from without spilling fuel everywhere . If you plan on using these to fill a tank for your deisel engine , I reccommend that you get the funnel spout with it , or get the type II that comes with a metal hose attached .
 Of course while in the service I used the heavy duty cans with flex spouts , and those are the best , but very hard to find these days . So I 've had to make do for years and years with the plastic ones that you have to take off the spout to fill , and they always leak either there or at the `` safety valve '' they were putting on the spout tip for a while . I 'm testifying tomorrow in a deposition about one of those , you can find my review of it if you look for the lowest rated gas cans ... haha . That one not only leaked while using and filling , it split along the handle at the top and exhausted fumes all over the shed all day every day , and sloshed gas on my hands when I carried it , and then poured gas out of the split onto whatever I was filling ... forget that ~ !! But I 've had two of these Eagle cans for over two years now , and they get a lot of use and store in a southwest Texas storage shed that gets really hot in the summer ... so these metal cans help give me at least a little feeling of being safer . I 've never had a spill with these , and taking off the funnel is no problem when filling ... for me anyway , apparently some other reviewers do n't realize all they went through with other types of cans when filling , like the ratcheting safety clips and the rubber washers that fall off and then the can leaks ... these are spring loaded at the cap , just a squeeze to open it , and even though a `` little '' pressure could build up in them in the heat , not much , since it can just push the cap up and the spring lets out the pressure . This is a good design and I 'll stick with it . The price is higher , but they 'll last a long long time and stay trouble free.I recommend .
 The steel gas can is much better than the non-steel ones in terms of safety . The Eagle one is well made and easy to use . I do not have the strength to open the caps of any newer non-steel gas cans no matter the brand . -LRB- My strength is good enough to shove 8 inches of wet snow continuously for 5 hours . -RRB-
 As a farm owner , I have to store both diesel and gasoline . The plastic containers were just not cutting it with me . They have switched to these new spill proof tops and they also meant it was harder to try and fill a tractor -LRB- ever try holding 5 gallons of diesel over a tractor while trying to press the little green handle to continue the flow?This container lets you fill and forget . the spot and balance allows you to start the fill on certain equipment -LRB- like a tractor -RRB- and go elsewhere until it is done . Better yet , it stores nicely and I do n't have to worry about odors like I do the plastic containers . Solid and nice .
 the can has a very tight seal to help keep gas fresh , and the spout comes in very handy when filling every gas powered item I own . I 'm tired of the plastic gas cans and their spouts that always break , this is the way to go .
 What can I say ? This is a well built can and the price was great via Amazon . I purchased four of them to have on hand in the case of an emergency . I also purchased eight five gallon gasoline cans as well . I really wanted to purchase the more expensive model also made by Eagle , but could n't convince myself to spend the extra money it would have taken to make up the difference . I must be honest and say that I have not yet used them but reading the feedback about the fuel spraying in your face did not concern me . I 'll just be careful when I use them and wo n't fill them to the brim . From what I have experienced so far , I highly recommend this product.UPDATE 1-1-13I 've used these cans since I first reviewed them . I submit that they work `` fine '' but are a bit of a hassle to use based on the way they are designed . When the spout -LRB- provided with the can -RRB- is in place , it becomes a little difficult to use ... since the stationary spout dictates everything ... . If I were to do it all again , I think I would spring for the extra cash and get the more expensive model which allows you to adjust the position of the can more while filling because of the bendable spout that is supplied with the more expensive model . I still stand behind my five star rating because this can is still a quality product and saves you money if you are watching your wallet . If you can afford the luxury model ... then go for the more expensive model ... it will probably be a little smoother sailing ...
 I am very pleased with my eagle gas can . It really is VERY accurate when filling my lawn products . The only thing I was n't totally happy with is the fact that the funnel has to be removed each time you fill the can with fuel . But ... I 'll live with it because of the easiness and accuracy of filling my lawn products . Also ... Amazon has always been fantastic for their reliability of getting your orders to you and with tracking to boot !
 People just need to have some common sense when using this can . It is the only one that will outlast those plastic cans and it is made in the USA . I know some people do n't care about that , but I do.I work part time at a Stihl power equipment shop and we service all kind of power equipment because of the plastic residue getting into the carburetor . I only mix one gallon of fuel at a time and this is perfect for keeping fresh gas in my chainsaws . The ethanol in gas attracts moisture and that moisture also breaks down the gasoline and destroys carburetors.I would suggest this can to anyone who wants a Great can to use for their power tools . Yes it is a little difficult to use , but that is how the safety aspect of the can works.Get used to it and it may save your life some day or someone you love .
 Eagle UI-10-FS Red Galvanized Steel Type I Gasoline Safety Can with Funnel , 1 gallon Capacity , 8 '' Height , 9 '' Diameter.use for 2 cycle engine tools
 Excellent product . Holds gasoline fumes even on a hot day and safely dispenses gasoline thru attached plastic funnel . Funnel easily removed to fill can at gasoline station . Does n't spill gasoline and contains fumes -LRB- when closed -RRB- and by goodness dispenses fuel easily !
 we needed so many of these during and after sandy for the generators ... plastic ones are awful and leak like crazy . . this product is so secure it doesnt leak at all ... dont leave them outside , people steal them they are so good ... we lost 2
 I really like this diesel can . I thought I must be crazy for paying so much for a fuel can but it has been worth it . I have never spilled fuel and , when I transport it in my Tahoe , I ca n't smell it at all . I see the complaint about the plastic handle but I think it seems pretty tough . I do n't anticipate any problems . As far as cleaning it ... what ? ... cleaning the handle on a fuel can ? Not worried about that , either .
 I &#8217; m removing a star just because they used a plastic spout handle . I don &#8217; t much care for anything plastic . Other than that it &#8217; s great and I like it . I have only used it about four times but it &#8217; s decent.Round bottom design makes for a sturdy platform when driving with it .
 Plastic cans are terrible . Eagle brand metal cans just ca n't be beat and they 're been around forever . Really like this purchase .
 These cans are great , we use these for are mixed gas because they are just the right size for 2 cycle mix .
 This is a very solid can with the funnel which makes pouring near flawless . The funnel attaches to the spout so you can insert it before releasing the fuel . This was best price I could find and was delivered quickly and free .
 These fuel cans do a wonderful job , and you do not have to worry about them cracking open and gasoline going all over your storage area .
 My husband is very pleased with this gasoline can . It is the perfect size to store gasolineused in the lawn mower or snow blower . It makes a great Christmas gift .
 While I agree that the plastic handle with grooves is a bit of a downer , this can is solidly build and should serve me for any years to come .
 These containers are strong , stable , do n't leak , and best of all they last . I have 20 of these . The first ones I purchased in 1977 , the most recent , 2012 . The design has remained pretty much the same except for the release handle . The older ones had a metal handle that worked fine , but would stick to your skin in sub-zero weather . Painful . The Newer plastic handle is tough at all temperatures -LRB- I live in the white mountains of NH -RRB- and easy on the hands when you pull on it at 20 below zero.Haven ' t had a problem with one yet .
 I recieved it in a timely manner and used it to put fuel in equipment . The funnel fit perfectly and made pouring the fuel without spilling . Great product .
 Forget the other `` safety '' gas cans ! After one of those `` safety '' cans splashed gas all over me , I bought this . It may be a little more , but you get what you pay for . You will never buy another can in your life !!
 Much better than those cheap plastic cans on the market . It allows you to control the flow of gasoline so you do not spill it . Well worth the extra cost for safety alone . The funnel puts the gasoline where you need it .
 Purchased this item along with Eagle FD-25 12 '' Flex Spout , 9 '' Length , 9 '' Width , and learned that I ca n't use them together.I gave it a 5 rating because ... Eagle is still made in USA and Justrite brand has a reputation for leaking through the hose and making a mess.Can not return because it is for use with a hazardous substance . -LRB- It is still in original wrap , never used -RRB- Will be shopping for the 5 gallon version WITH hose .
 I could never get those plastic safety cans to work well . Gasoline would go everywhere except in the gas tank ... This metal can is a little more expensive , but the design is simple and it works well -- seems like it should last forever . To fill it , you pull the top lever/handle and remove the plastic funnel.The only issue is that the paint is chipping a little on the bottom , and that 's the reason for the 4 star rating . I do n't think this is a big deal and should deter anyone from buying it , but just be aware .
 i got so sick of those stupid plastic `` non spill '' cans that have caused me to spill more gas than ever before i started looking around and found these . simply amazing , made here in u.s.a. , solid build , no spills and affordable , consider this , if you spill two gallons of gas in the life of a cheap plastic can at $ 4 a gallon you 've almost made up the price difference , it 's a no brainer . now i just need to buy about 6 more of them .
 I am sick of all of the junk that is on the market these days when it comes to cans and safety standards . The plastic mechanisms crack , they spill and are FAR from safe . These Safety cans have been great . Will never buy a plastic piece of junk again . I have replaced all of my cans with these now and have the 2 and 5 gallon cans .
 I love this can . It 's not impossible to spill , but you really have to work at it . The can itself is sturdy and the lid truly tight . The funnel , though , is the real highlight of this product . The way it is attached to the can means you do n't need a third hand to hold the funnel while the other two are manipulating the can . I now own two of these cans and plan to buy at least one for gasoline for my other gas powered machines .
 Buying items locally is a major reason to purchase from Amazon.com as everyone knows ! That said , when you can save on a quality item and cost its ' easier on the pocketbook.I tried to purchase a good quality gas can such as this at NAPA Auto Parts and it was priced at $ 78 . Buying a plastic gas can always causes spills because of design and cheap parts . So buying this item at Amazon saved on the original price and no shipping is always a plus.No frills -- no spills , I 'm Happy !!
 After purchasing 2 plastic gas cans in two years , I finally bought a true quality item.Expensive yes , but this can will be around for my son to inherit . The same goes for the 1 gallon can .
 Very happy with these cans . Solid and easy to handle . Very happy with Amazon customer service . First order arrived with crushed boxes -LRB- and side of cans -RRB- . Amazon , without hesitation , sent out two replacement cans . Have only owned less than a year , but feel so solid , I doubt I 'll ever need to replace.ADDENDUM -LRB- 15 OCT 12 -RRB-
 I purchased two of these cans . I have only used the Eagle 5 gallon cans twice . No problems . You do need to squeeze the metal handle to open the can lid . It is not a screw on metal lid , but instead , a metal flap type lid . It seals just fine and the plastic funnel works great . The funnel makes a good seal and I had no leaking when pouring fluid into the tractor . A special note
 I own 4 Justrite gas cans and 1 Justrite Diesel . The Eagle works just as well and is cheaper . I still use all of them with the Justrite flex funnel part # 14411 not the plastic funnel .
 Eagle gas cans - whether you 're looking at the 2 or 5 gallon version are the only way to go . The funnel stays attached -LRB- although it can be removed to refill -RRB- for easy fueling of any equipment . They are easily cleaned and the large metal and plastic handles give you a great surface to hold onto while fueling . Invest in an Eagle gas can . It will be the last gas can you ever buy .
 This is definitely worth the money and far superior to any plastic can I 've used recently . It 's a bit awkward to fully empty the can -LRB- hence the 1 star deduction -RRB- , as you have to basically twist it about 180 degrees to get the can completely empty , BUT it 's far better than any plastic can .
 I ca n't stand the ` environmentally friendly ' plastic cans that are in the home improvement stores with the plastic spill proof spouts . My opinion is they create spills . This can never rolls over in the car and the funnel style spout pours consistently . The lever action opener works perfectly to stop the flow when you want it to . I have the 5 gallon and the 2 gallon -LRB- for mixed gas -RRB- .
 I will say that it is much better than even the no spill plastics that I used to have but it is not perfect . If I had to do it again I would spend a little more and get a Type 2 can . With this can you still have to pour the correct way or you will get some gas the leaks from where the funnel and the can attach . I have found that it mainly only happens when you tip the can up and back multiple times in a row , so it is not a huge deal , but it is annoying.Besides that the can seems very sturdy , it sits well in the back of a truck , it is the perfect size for my generator and lawnmower and if you read the instructions and release the pressure from the can before use -LRB- away from you -RRB- it performs very well.The leaking issue is kind of a big one for me , but it can be worked around and the build of the can is rock solid so overall this still gets 4 stars .
 In this case I am tired of lugging 5 gallon cans so settled on the 2 gallon , metal can , to fill my jet ski . Hopefully no spills .
 The can itself is well made and the lid closed as intended . However , when the funnel is attached , gasoline leaks a little from the connected area . It is still far better than plastic cans .
 These are top quality and worked as expected , I have used this brand for over 30 years and they still deliver
 This is not one of those lousy crappy plastic cans that break easily and leak gasoline fumes no matter what . This thing is built tough and its only the low end version built buy the company . I am NEVER buying the cheap plastic ones again , this metal beast will last me for a very long time and is well worth the extra dollars .
 The can is fine . Heavy duty with a spring loaded cap that closes completely keeping fumes from escaping . The funnel used to pour leaves something to be desired . It leaks around the mouth so you have to be careful when pouring gas .
 I considered the 15 gallon portable auxillary can to carry in the back of the truck and decided that weight and portablilty were a factor in my needs . I have been using three of these cans in the past for regular gas , gas/oil mix , and diesel for specific equipment needs . I decided to go with the proven product and buy two more to carry in the truck .
 Priced it several places local and on the net and could not beat the price anywhere . Very fast ship and great packaging .
 I purchased this gas can to replace one from a big box store . I was getting tired of the nozzle on that , it was difficult to work . That would always stick , then the gas would come rushing out and splash everywhere , that 's when the nozzle worked . I have the Eagle Type 2 can in the five gallon flavor for my regular gas needs -LRB- lawnmower , snowblower , chipper vac -RRB- . I wanted another Type 2 in the smaller two gallon size for my 2 stroke gasoline needs , but that was as much as the five gallon I had just purchased!So I picked up this Type 1 . Some people in these reviews have complained about the funnel on this one . The directions are printed on the side of the Eagle factory box that this comes packed in . You simply pull the handle to lift the gas cap , which is spring loaded . Then twist the funnel on and pour . You can leave the funnel on until you need to refill the gas can , at which time you do the same thing , pull the spring loaded handle , which opens the cap , and twist the funnel out . It takes some minor effort and practice , but it 's really nothing to get frustrated about . I noticed that the lawnmower crews that work for my city use the same gas can , so it must be good.The best part of all is that it is made of steel and it 's made in the USA . No cheap , foreign made , plastic crap . I 'm just waiting for my Tanaka 2 stroke oil to arrive via Amazon and I 'll mix up some 2 stroke gasoline and test the pouring capabilities . I 'm positive my spilled gasoline days are over now with both Eagle gas cans picking up the slack of the imported cans .
 These cans are 10,000 times better and safer than the craptastic plastic cans with the `` spill proof EPA spout '' that makes it impossible not to spill gas everyplace . You can actually carry them in your car and not stink up the car too!That said , they will spray gas all over the place if you do n't VENT THE CAN while it is still flat . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the funnel setup will spray/spill a tiny amount of gas anyway if you are not very very precise with opening the can . Much better than the plastic ones , but I wonder if that issue could be solved .
 I was looking for a diesel fuel can since I 've now resorted to buying diesel at the pump and dumping it in my home fuel tank for my furnance . I saw this can and I read the other reviews . They make it for gas as well as for diesel . It 's a lot more than you would pay for a typical gas can but worth it . It 's well made and it does n't spill when transported . When you pour the diesel -LRB- or gas -RRB- , the cleverly designed funnel attaches to the can like collar so fuel ca n't leak . Make sure you push the collar all the way down on the neck . On my first attempt I did n't have the collar seated snuggly and some fuel leaked out . The spring-loaded top allows you stop the flow instantly if necessary . I wish the funnel had a bit more bend to it so all the contents could flow out easier when you get to the bottom . I 'm thinking about buying the gas version as well . Highly reccommended and I do n't write these reviews too often
 This can has a good seal , and is a pleasure to take in your car to the gas station , w/o smelling fuel vapors , or spills . Just make sure you press the funnel down , so that it gets a good seal with the can , and pull the lever back slightly -LRB- with the can flat -RRB- to relieve pressure prior to dispensing fuel ; otherwise fuel squirts all over the place . Much better than plastic containers . Also , got the one gallon can for 2 cycle mixture .
 As soon as you see this can you know it is the absolute best that money can buy . Well made , thick gauge steel , nice enamel finish , and welded on handle are a few of the features that set this apart from the cheaper ones . This can is going to outlive me by a long shot . Made in U.S.A. ... you can tell !!
 Got this for my son after purchasing a 5 gal for myself a while back . These are made well and gives you piece of mind when leaving this in the garage . Plastic funnel a little hard to get off at first but you have look at it and think of how to get it off . Use your brain .
 Forget those spill-proof plastic containers . This one is a little costly , but I plan on using it for many years to come . And unlike the `` spill-proof '' ones , I do n't lose any fuel on the ground .
 The gas can will probably out-last me . I have three I use them all the time . The funnel is another matter , it 's shoddy and they only last about a year . So I buy funnels way too often . Sure wish they would improve the UV resistance of the plastic .
 This is a very nice well made gas can , it is not some cheap disposable type that just goes to the landfill after a few years . This should last a lifetime , does not spill any fuel , and contrary to what others have said about the funnel , it is very easy to remove and install , takes about 3 seconds . You do have to remove funnel to put in fresh fuel and re install funnel , its a snap to do , anyone with common sense can do this . Like the 1 gal . so much I bought the 5 and 2 gallon also . Made in USA .
 i think overall it 's a excellent gas can . -LRB- i have some piddly inconsequential dissatisfactions though , i 'm a sculptor so it 's visual attributes are important to me , i wish they 'd have a prettier handle , though i can understand how a manufacturer needs to keep costs down . i wish the pull handle would 've been made out of steel instead of the injection molded plastic . i can see this can lasting longer than i 'm alive and/but the part that 's going to fail first will be the injection molded plastic pull handle -LRB- and by that time it 'll be impossible to get a replacement part . -RRB- other than that so far i love it . beautiful can . seems worth teh money . -LRB- i know my concerns are ridiculous , i like the can , only things i could change if i could are the things i 've listed . -RRB-
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS WELL WITH FLEX-HOSEJet JW1032 4-Inch x 20-Foot Black Dust Collection HoseAND MAKES IT NICE TO NOT HAVE TO DISCONNECT A HOSE CLAMPGrizzly H5357 10 Pack 4 '' Wire Hose ClampsTO CHANGE FITINGS
 My dust collector system has a 4 inch hose and a 2 inch end on the saw -LRB- dust connector -RRB- . So I needed this quick disconnect to attach the two different size hoses together . It works very well for my needs
 I already have one of these and needed a 2nd one . I like this style disconnect because no clamp is needed to hold on the hose.The 4 inch hose just screws right on the end and hold very firm and air-tight . The other end , well , after all these years you would think that they would make a quick disconnect end that fits over the fitting a bit better , but it still fits enough to give an airtight seal . It is definitely OK for the designed usage of moving it from one machine to another.If the fit was better I 'd rate it 5 stars . Also , be wary of the price , this item can usually be had for less than $ 3.00 .
 I 've used it using a 4 '' hose to connect it to different machines . For the most part it works well but for some machines it will just get disconnected -LRB- no matter how hard you press it -RRB- . I 've found that using duct tape or masking tape around the machine 's port helps to keep this adaptor from falling .
 I really like the way this quick disconnect works . threaded end makes it easy to screwwinto the Jet hoses and make the quick connection into many of my tools .
 The product was delievered on time , and was the correct product . I will continue to purchas from this supplier . The installation was straight forward .
 I use a Woodstock International WI049 dust separator . These disconnects lock the 4 '' hose to the lid so I do n't pull them free when I empty the container or if I bump the can . They 're easy to attach or remove and protect the hose . I recommend these for use with a dust separator .
 Great tool ! This is my second in more than 10 years.The old one is still working , btw!I hope they do n't stop making them !
 I 've had this drill for a few years and it has been reliable . Both of my batteries no longer hold a charge so I went online for new batteries and 2 batteries cost the same as a whole new drill with two batteries . What is up with that ? I guess I 'll buy a new one and have two drills and two batteries .
 I would recommend this drill to anyone - from the homeowner for occasional use , to the professional who needs an everyday drill . I owned this drill for years until both of the batteries finally lost their charge -LRB- Because they are so expensive to replace , I opted for an `` upgrade '' ... -RRB- . Before this drill I owned the non-hammerdrill 14.4 v version , and both were great workhorses . When the PC batteries died , I sold the drill on craigslist and decided to upgrade to the Hitachi 18v hammerdrill . What a disappointment . The PC had nearly the same power -LRB- torque -RRB- but was much lighter to carry around . As a home remodeler , I lug my drill around all day every day and I now appreciate the lighter weight of the old PC . -LRB- see my review on the Hitachi for it 's many other faults -RRB- . The PC is well balanced in your hand , the grip-to-fit is nice , although I just stayed with the Medium fitting that it came with , and the battery life seems average . I lent this drill to a , a-hem , friend , once and it was returned with stripped gears . Being under warranty , the service shop was able to replace the broken parts for free and the drill rocked for many moons to follow . Again , highly recommended .
 I have used this thing for five years and it is wonderful . I use it for concrete and masonry drilling as well as wood . It also works very well as a driver . The variable speed trigger and the torque setting make it a breeze to use . Batteries are easily changed and the included charger is very quick . An hour or less . Came with two batteries so while using one the other is charging . Never wanted an upgrade to more powerful drivers and this does everything I ask of it . Porter Cable did it right with this tool .
 This is the toughest drill I have ever owned . I have had it for over three years , and have honestly abused it . The quality is very good , and it is plenty powerful . The only downside is that it is fairly heavy , but that is to be expected in a hammer option drill . It has put down subfloors , drilled into countless cinderblocks , built a shed , and many other things , and still works the same . This is a good drill for it 's type .
 I 've purchased my first P C 10years ago and I still use it , but it is wearing out.I hope this one will last just as long or longer .
 I purchased this hammer drill after the death of my Black & Decker 18v Firestorm . Initially , I had considered similar products from Matika and DeWalt , wanting the additional capability of the hammer action , with the smaller bulk of the 14.4 v battery . The Porter Cable GTF comes in fairly robust case , complete with a diagnostic charger , stabilizing handle , 2 batteries , driver bit and different size -LRB- S , M , L -RRB- adjustable hand grip inserts . I found the drill some what hefty , with it 's balance just forward of the hand grip ; which is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.PowerOffering 420 in-lbs of torque -LRB- 50 in-lbs more than the Matika and 20 in-lbs more than the Dewalt 14.4 v hammer drills -RRB- it has plenty of power and will easily snap the head off a 4 '' deck screw driven into a railway sleeper . The high/low settings will give you 450-1400rpm , and in hammer action 18500bpm . Battery life was excellent , allowing me to do several hours of deck work before swapping batteries . The charging unit can recharge your dead battery in approx . 1hr , it will also analyze the condition of your battery for optimal performance.HandlingAs mentioned before , I felt this was heavy drill . It does not balance as well as the Dewalt or Matika , which is probably why it feels heavier , though it certainly not unmanageable ; much smaller than the enormous 18v Craftsman drill , that thing is a whopper . However , because of it 's forward weight , using the hammer action vertically is really easy . There is also the option of swapping out the hand grip inserts , which helped reduce fatuige on the hands and wrists . Ergonomically speaking , fine . The stabilizer handle screws into either the left or right side of the drill which is a tremendous help when using the hammer action . Either way you are still going to develop your biceps - just make sure you use both hands.ControlsThe forward/reverse button is directly above the trigger control , as per usual . The motor has the high/low switch located on top of the motor housing . It would have been nice to have an extra third gear , like the DeWalt - but not essential . The clutch collar has variable torque setting 's -LRB- 22 -RRB- with the drill and hammer action located next to each other . The battery is removed by way of a red button on the bottom flange of the grip . Depressing this button , the battery easily slides off . The battery is securely held in place buy this same locking button.ChuckAll steel 1/2 '' ratcheting chuck lock and spindle lock . The one thing I like over the Dewalt , is the fact the jaws will easily grip a small 1/16 '' or 3/32 '' drill bit . The DeWalts chuck jaws can not clamp on small bits such as these , because of the gap where the jaws meet.Quality / OverallThe drill is well built and solid feeling . Fit and finish are excellent , there are one or two tiny -LRB- hair width -RRB- gaps where the metal gear housing meets the plastic body , otherwise fine . It feels like it was built twice as strong as in needs to be . I did forget to mention it has two metal clips to store your driver bits . Costing ... $ ... less than the DeWalt or Matika , it 's worth every penny . For home owners just wanting to drive screws and occasional home maintenance , there are much better less costly alternatives . However , if you are looking for a true , solid work horse for frequent heavy usage and occasional defense against bumps-in-the-night , I highly recommend it .
 I am a full-time carpenter.This is a professional quality drill/driver , with metal gears , heavy-duty trigger switch , ratcheting chuck with carbide teeth . It has heft and although some might complain about its weight , anything that generates over 400 in . lbs . of torque and does n't fall apart after 40 hrs . of hard use HAS to weigh something , right?I read an April 2005 review on ` premium ' vs. ` homeowner ' grade cordless drills and was interested to see that in nearly every photo of a disemboweled premium drill , said premium drill was the Porter-Cable . It 's built to last.Here 's what to watch out for :1 -RRB- If you charge the batteries , then do n't use them for a few days , your amp hours will be far lower than if you charge the batteries and use them the same day . I do n't get quite as much run time out of the batteries as I would like , but I am doing mean things to my drill , like running a 3/4 '' x 16 '' masonry bit in hammer/drill mode and leaning into the poor little drill , driving 1/2 '' x 12 '' lag screws into pressure-treated wood , drilling holes through 20 oz . copper and tin in -5 &#730; weather ... and so on . When used for what I imagine is a more appropriate application , like driving sheetrock screws into sheetrock , the batteries last long enough for me to wonder when they 'll die so I can take five .2 -RRB- The HIGH/LOW switch . Works great , but one day I somehow left it in between settings
 UPDATE
 You ca n't go wrong with Porter-Cable tools . Always reliable , and great value for an honest price . You can pay more for `` Ultra-Power DesignerPro '' brands , and they work well too . But not `` better '' . Buy *** American Made *** Porter-Cable , and you will have money left for more tools , and the pride of supporting USA !
 I 've used many cordless drills in my time and Porter Cable has been my favorite brand of all . This drill is replacing my old 12 volt Porter Cable drill that has given me many years of great service.This drill features a `` Hammer Drill '' feature that is great for masonry work . It is also a regular drill and bit driver . There is torque to spare and a handle brace that screws into the side for extra support when the torque gets overwhelming or just for extra steadiness.The grip comes with different size inserts for different size hands . A very nice extra!You wo n't be sorry with this drill . The trigger is very smooth and it 's easy to control the speed of the drill . I think it also looks better than the other bizzare coloring and designs some of the other manufacturers use . This looks , feels , and acts like a professional tool .
 This is the first cordless drill that I purchased and I am quite amazed at the power this drill has for its size . Just select the torque and this drill just goes through anything you put in front of it . Additionally , this drill has a hammer drill mode , select this mode and drilling a hole in concrete , brick or stone is just an after thought . This is a sturdy drill , it stood up to drops and continual use at the jobsite . It handles auger bits and goes through a 4x4 post like a hot knife through butter . This drill comes with a carrying case with a compartment to store drill and driver bits . Comes with a battery charger and extra battery to keep you drilling til you get tired . The chargers takes about an hour to fully charge a battery . If you need a drill that can handle the biggest to the smallest jobs this drill is the one for you .
 I purchased a 12V porter cable drill 8 years ago , and only last year did the brake and batteries go bad . I bought this one and I am glad I did . The construction is solid with the front half metal , a much stronger metal chuck , and I feel a great deal more torque in this model . My old drill could not bore large holes , but this one can easily . I had and still chose to buy the product with 2 amp-hour batteries . The battery release is also much improved from the old model and some current dewalt drills .
 Baught my first 14.4 about 10-12 yrs ago and still going.Bought my 2nd about 5 yrs ago w/hammerdrill used and love it.I have done everything and made everything with these two drills and have satisfied every time.Used them in the rain to New England summers in august outside.The batteries last longer w/fresh charge than w/a pre-charge as needed but are ready in an hour or by the time you need one.I am buying a third over an impact cause you need a third drill for more uses than you need a impact for all of your driving needs.Hey whats wrong with a pilot hole to help drive long screws easier.I have always put the driver in low gear and have not had many problems.As far as lags go i have recently tried drivind 3 '' lags and the driver put them in up till 1 `` left wich i had to use a hand ratchet.Oh well nothing is perfect , but the 14.4 holds its own.I am a very satisfied customer and buying a third one i think says something.Very dependable , takes a beating/rough use , great price.Patrick Kyees R.I.
 I received the drill kit today but have n't had a chance to put it through its paces . I will update this review later with my impressions . The drill seems solidly built , and comes packed in a nice blow-molded plastic case with metal latches . The case is black and has Porter-Cable in bright white `` Steal me , I 'm expensive ! '' lettering.The drill body weighs approx 4.2 lbs . With battery pack installed , approx 5.8 lbs . The drill measures approx 10-3/4 '' from the tip of the chuck to the back of the motor shell , and 9-1/2 '' from the top of the housing to bottom of the battery pack . The pack is the widest part of the assembly and is about 3 '' wide . The drill is labeled `` Assembled in Taiwan . '' The main label on my drill was a bit scuffed . The included screwdriver bit had come loose during shipping and probably caused the scuffing.The torque selection ring and gear shift are very stiff but seem to engage positively . When set to hammer mode , the hammer action occurs only when downward pressure is put on the bit . I was expecting a mini jackhammer , but the effect is much more subtle , as if the spindle was riding on detents . There is a separate Drill setting on the ring which bypasses the slip clutch . The ratcheting chuck is made by Rohm and has a very solid metal feel.The battery release button is somewhat awkward to use . I think it 's designed to be released with the pinky finger , but the position and motion are somewhat awkward . The button is flush with the housing to prevent accidental release . The battery slides back to release . The forward/reverse selector can also be placed in the center position to lock the trigger . I suggest doing so before fumbling with the battery or holstering the drill.I have medium-small hands and found the difference between the 3 GTF inserts to be minor . I selected the medium insert . The inserts are secured by a phillips screw . I think it would be nicer to have inserts with different softness and texture instead . All of the inserts are hard rubber . A sticky gel-like insert might be nice , especially when using the hammer.The kit includes a threaded side handle which can be installed perpendicularly on either side of the drill just in front of the trigger . The handle is hollow plastic and the threaded portion is zinc-plated metal . The plastic seems a little thin and I would not put my full weight on it during use.The drill emits a noticeable high pitched noise at low speeds . The manual says that this sound is normal . One feature that my corded drill has is a knob that lets me select the maximum allowable speed . I find it useful and wish that this drill had that feature . The brake works well and stops the chuck as soon as I release the trigger.The carry case holds the charger , extra battery pack , and side handle . It holds the drill with the pack installed . There is also a compartment for the manual and the GTF inserts . On the lid above the charger , there is a compartment for holding a bit set . The bit compartment has a hinged plastic lid . It is not very deep , but would probably hold one small bit set in its case.The charger can also charge Porter-Cable 12V batteries . It has keyholes on the back for wall mounting , and a 2-prong power cord . It gets a little warm during charging , but will charge a pack in about an hour . It also has diagnostic features to warn you if the battery is too hot , too cold , or needs replacement . On first use , the charger emitted a strong , plastic odor.The packs appear to be rebuildable . The top is secured by a set of torx screws , and is available as a spare part . It is a 2 Amp hour NiCd pack . There are 3rd party services that can rebuild it with higher capacity NiMH cells . People also seem to be buying these kits for the packs and chargers and selling the drills as new.UPDATE
 I have had this product for a long time now and it is as good as the day I bought it ! I have no regrets on this purchase whatsoever . It has never failed to perform flawlessly on any project I have undertaken .
 These other reviews of PC stuff are completely bogus.I 've had my 19.2 v PC cordless drill/saw combo in continuous heavy use in the construction trade for over 3 years now . In that time I have replace numerous Black and Dicker made Dewalts , Hitachis , and other lesser known/no name brand cordless drills . So much so that in the end the steep up front cost of buying a PC product was by far and away much cheaper than the overall cost of having to replace cheaper made products -LRB- there is a reason it 's cheaper up front folks -RRB- from another maker on the job . The headaches you get from lost revenue due to down time are n't worth it to go cheap.Take it from a professional who actually depends on his PC tools to earn a living , when you desperately want something that wo n't go belly up at the moment you really , really need it -LSB- like when using a cordless drill as a bolt breaker or manual nail driver -LRB- aka hammer -RRB- or other stuff which it is not designed -LRB- and not officially recommended ;-RRB- -RRB- to be used for -RSB- and when you get tired of hearing how great a product is from jobsite fanboys on their third installment of an -LRB- in their mind -RRB- better product , you 'll wisen up and spend the money on a pricey PC product . Trust me.Otherwise , who knows ? You might eventually be left wandering the internet , lost . With enough free time to write multiple online reviews under assumed names whilst subconsciously trying to understand , in confused and angst derived bitterness , just why exactly the phrases `` Made in America '' and `` outsourcing '' apply to you .
 I am an avid woodworker/metalworker who demands much from my tools . I have owned Craftsman , Dewalt , Mikita , Milwaukee and Porter-Cable corded and cordless power tools and I must say my 3 year old Porter-Cable 19.2 Volt cordless drill can allways be counted on . Believe me I have put this baby thru some abuse ; charging the batteries in the extremes of temperature both hot and cold , dropping the drill off roofs and running the motor for long periods of time . The drill and batteries still charge like the day they were new ! On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate Porter-Cable a 9 only because of the added weight of using glass-reinforced plastics in both its batteries and drill houseings , which make the plastic all the more durable I might add though . The other companys drills quality wise on a 1 to 10 scale I would rate as follows ... Dewalt - 7 Excelent battery run time but short lifeMilwaukee - 9 Excelent battery run time but cheesy plasticMikita - 6 OK battery life but bad run-timeCraftsman - 4 TERRIBLE battery LIFE , TERRIBLE RUN-TIME and plastic stabilizing gears in clutch on INDUSTRIAL Series Drills !!
 If you want to get the most out of your Porter Cable 19.2 v tools , THIS IS THE BATTERY FOR YOU !! This is an upgrade battery for many of the Porter Cable cordless tools using the 19.2 v batteries . You should notice an improvement in run-time and maybe power . Overall performance with the 2.4 ampere hour rated battery has been noticeable to me and I will continue to pay the extra bucks for this replacement battery . -LRB- If I ever need another one . -RRB- If you have nothing better to do , take a look at my other reviews on 19.2 v Porter Cable batteries and you will see why I feel so strongly in favor of this replacement battery .
 GREAT BATTERY AT A SUPER GREAT PRICE FROM A COOL SELLER.HARD TO GET ITEM AT A GREAT PRICE.THANKS TO THE SELLER .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift so I am not able to give a review . I would buy this for myself if I had a need for it .
 The machine is absolutely heavy duty . Although , there are a few things that I have found issue with :1 -RRB- machine does n't work well with wide poplar boards . I have a heavy duty dust collection system connected to it but the poplar creates long strands from the wide boards . These strands clog up the exhaust chute causing the shavings to back up onto the outfeed roller and stop the boards from continuing through the planer part way through a feed . Basically have to lower the table and pull the board out to clean the strands out . This binding of the strands has tore up the outfeed urethance rollers to the point of no return . *** update
 When this planer arrived at my shop I could n't wait to get it out of the crate and plugged in . I was pleasantly surprised to see how heavy the machine was built , its beefy stature screamed , throw anything at me I can plane it , and after some adjusting it did . I ran pine and white oak threw it , and it produced a wonderful finish on both . The one problem I have had is trying to plane exceptionally wide boards . For some reason if I plane a board 10 '' wide or better it machine has some trouble feeding the board threw . I found that with some adjustment of the spring tension on the urethane infeed and outfeed rollers this can be reduced but not completely eliminated . Other than this the machine runs great . It is easy and safe to operate , and fun to use . This planer is another fine example of Powermatic 's expertise in building heavy-duty home shop machinery .
 About eight months ago I purchased the powermatic PM-15 from a local tool supply store . I have loved using this fine machine for planing and moulding , and it has preformed flawlessly , that is until I got my first paying customer . A gentleman that lives near me brought me a load of roughsawn birch to plane down and run 50 ' of crown and 50 ' of panel moulding for him . While most of it -LRB- 80 percent -RRB- came out nice , most of the pieces had some tearout , and 1 piece of crown was completly trashed . What a nightmare ! I was suprised at this because I 've run poplar , red oak , and pine through this machine with very little tearout -LRB- mainly around knots and hard areas -RRB- . I ca n't fault the machine , I suppose , but I wrote this to warn any future millwrights about working birch .
 Before I go on with my review of this product , let me say , from my personnel experience , Amazon is a customer oriented operation and will stand behind the products they sell.I received my PM15 Powermatic planer about a month a go , the unit was delivered in good condition . It took me two to three hours to go through the adjustments and the only discrepancy I found was the table on one side was .006 lower than the other , the measurement was taken in reference to the cutter head and not the cutter blades , however , this I think I can live with.Last weekend I ran 200 bd . ft. of rough swan poplar through the planer and experienced the same problem reported on feedback Dec. 29,2003 . I contacted Powermatic Tech . Services , and the Powermatic Rep. told me that the chip breaker was out of adjustment and that the function of the chip breaker was to break-up the chips coming off the cutters so it can clear the planer . When the chip breaker is out of adjustment the cuttings are long and stringy and will clog the unit and eventually get into out feed roller , resulting in a jam . I adjusted the chip breaker and now the planer works great.P.S . Be sure your vacumm system can keep up .
 This is a great machine if properly adjusted and maintained . When I first got the machine I set the blades too high but not on purpose I would snug them using the height tool and then if height was correct crank them tight which would extend them just enough to cause problems feeding lumber through . So check the height after they are tight and you will have much smoother results one other trick is I use wax paper on the bed to keep things sliding smooth .
 Never any problems with APC products - works perfectly !!! Lots of OUTlets - Lots of PROTECTION !!! Nice Features & nice Appearance
 durable , high quality drill , after 3 years of use the unit has held up , and I would recommend it over a dewalt 14.4 volt . I install cable and phone lines and am very satisfied with the performance -LRB- concrete , wood , brick etc -RRB-
 I agree with most of the reviews I read on line . As a professional who uses my `` Two '' 9978 's every day along with a couple of older 14.4 volt models , Porter Cable , for my money isthe choice . The adjustable hand grips are a real plus when using your drill all day long . The batteries hold a charge for a good long time , even under constant use . I read another review that gave what I consider unfair critisism , and inaccurate facts associated with this drill . People should stick to the facts , and not give a tool a bad wrap because of their own lack of knowledge and familliarity with a product !
 I have only just recently -LRB- Jan 2006 -RRB- got my drill motor . In the few times used , the balance is good and power is fine . Getting the second battery is a must . I only use it for home use so after 3 + weeks of sitting I picked up the drill and the charge left in battery pack was great.A 1/2inch keyless chuck came with tool , but I 'm going to change to 3/8 '' chuck because I mostly use drills below 3/8 '' . The 1/2 '' does not close tight on small drills .
 The people that write these reviews are so biased because they either did not know how to properly use the drill , broke it themselves and expected it not to break , or do n't know much about drills to begin with . I have been using this drill for 2 years for renovating my home . It has screwed thousands of fasteners , been dropped from a ladder to the ground on MANY occasions , been left in the rain , and has just been used a lot . I have been thru many batteries because NI-CADS do n't last forever , no matter who you buy them from . Heres what I found.First the negatives 's
 This was a replacement for the original P-C Charger , which died suddenly and out the warranty period . Replacement is working fine - I just wish that P-C could spend a few more pennies building one that lasts as long as the drill and battery !
 This is not a product for everyone , but if you have a Porter Cable battery drill or saw that seems too lose power too quickly , the charger may be your problem . I love my drill and saw but started having to recharge often and , at times , the charger would say it was a bad batttery . After having it checked out at a repair shop , the batteries and charger were pronounced OK but I still lost power very quickly and needed multiple batteries . I was frustrated enough to consider buying a new drill but tried the charger first . My drill is back !!
 Now extinct ; I was lucky to find this charger ! I have several 19.2 Porter Cable tools and they ALL depend on this charger . It works perfectly as a new Porter Cable product should !
 I bought this item about a year ago and I could n't be happier ! I could n't use my porter cable drill for about six months because I could n't find a charger for the battery . I saw this but was afraid to buy online . I wish I would n't have waited so long to buy this because I use it constantly and it 's still going strong !
 Ordered online and received it in a few days . Charges within 1 hour like it is supposed to do . So far so good .
 Works as advertised . Different charge indicator lights than older chargers . Hopefully it wo n't be as sensitive to power surges .
 Porter Cable 8924 Universal 9.6-Volt to 19.2 Volt Slide Style 1 Hour Battery ChargerHave used this charger for several years , without any problem leaving battery on it . Always charges quickly , with no overheating . The only problem occurred when my 9 yo knocked it onto the garage floor , breaking the mounting tab off . It became difficult to center the battery , but still charged .
 This charger charges fast and since it can charge various volt batteries , it allows me more flexibility with the size of batteries I can use .
 this product works as advertised . Im happy with it.seems just a tad slower to charge than the old one but still charges at a good rate and seems to put a stronger charge on your battery . tbd
 The old unit died after 3 years.This one has some design changes.Time will tell if it lasts longer .
 The charger worked as promised and so far has performed as expected . The price from Amazon was much less that others who sold the same product.I am very pleased at the delivery time .
 The charger is working well Porter-Cable tools are professional quality and are some of the most reliable and durable on the market . The low price , and speedy delivery makes shopping on Amazon among the first places I look when I need tools or components ...
 I have n't used this pan yet ; however , it 's clearly quality . The welds look professional , and it 's just the right size .
 It 's easy to use and works great on curved surfaces . I use it all the time on trees .
 I bought my machine from a local merchant and I am very impressed . Fit and finish are excellent , the sander is heavy and there is almost no vibration . The tables are cast iron and their mounting is rock solid , the belt table can be easily removed or positioned parallel to the belt for many different applications . The dust collection works extremely well also but Powermatic recommends a dust collector with at least 400 cfm . Fortunately mine is much bigger than that . I also like the capability to sand metal with the machine . The machine sands extremely well , smooth and there is no lack of power . The belt tracks well -LRB- after a little fussing at first -RRB- . ... I think this is a good machine and I am sad to hear that Powermatic is difficult to deal with . I have other Powermatic machines and so far they have all worked very well . ... The Powermatic is heavier , has larger tables ... I would definitely buy this machine again !!
 Our shop purchased this tool about 18 months ago . It is well made and has been a great addition to our inventory . It is one of those tools that once it has been in your shop for a while you ca n't remember how you ever got by without it . If you are going to buy this tool I recommend that you get a dust collector . Sanding with this tool produces large amounts of very fine dust that will cover everything in your shop . The sander is only second to our table saw in dust production . A bargain for the money .
 The Powermatic 6 '' belt/12 ' disc sander is the best choice of any similar machines on the market . I have used most of the other manufacturer 's machines and the Powermatic outperforms them all . I like the motor being mounted in the base , which lowers the center of gravity of the machine and contributes to its smooth and vibration free running . The sanding speed of the disc and belt are perfectly matched for sanding wood and many other types of materials . Stay away from machine that run at 36,000 RPMs -LRB- burn-burn-burn -RRB- . The tables are large , accurately milled and easy to adjust . It has an internal dust collection duct work that is easy to hook-up to your dust collection system . The belt tracking adjustments are easy to use and the belt will stays put when turning the machine on and off .
 We run several 6x48 sanders commercially and have always favored Powermatic models , having ones from 70 's , 80 's and 90 's . We have a couple from the 80 's that were finally wearing out and were concerned about what to replace them with . The ownership of the Powermatic company has bounced around many times , landing last with Jet . Given its connection to Jet and with production taken overseas -LRB- after this model evidently being discontinued for a while -RRB- , we were not confident we were going to get the same quality machine we were used to.However , so far we are happy with the machine . It runs smooth and the fit and finish is very good . Some details , such as the size of the table are better than the one we have from 1998 . Why not 5 stars ? The last star will only be earned if the sander gives us at least ten years of good service . Our others have usually given us 20 years of service , than again they used to cost $ 1400 ! I would n't mind paying that again if they still made them in the USA .
 What a nice machine ! We purchased this sander for our commercial operation , and have not been disappointed . The fit and weight of this machine are excellent . I especially like the cast iron tables . Assembly and adjustment were a breeze . One area of disappointment was that the base was shipped wrapped in a box -LRB- no packing -RRB- and arrived with some damage , this was n't an issue , since we purchased the machine to perform and that it has done . The head of the unit which arrived separate was packed very well . One other point that someone else mentioned , this unit can make some dust , some type of dust collection should be used .
 Sander arrived on lift gate truck . Easy to remove . Instructions were straight forward to assemble . Sander worked flawlessly from the git-go . Do not know how I ever got along without it .
 I used this bandsaw quite extensively in the last few days since receiving it , and it resaws tall boards of oak and mohagany like a hot knife through butter . Lots of power ! This package comes with the riser block , and you will have to disassemble the saw to put it on , but it 's not hard to do . This is my only beef , and it 's not with the saw . Delta packages this as a `` Limited Edition '' with value added accesories , i.e the riser block , the 1/2 wide 105 '' blade , the fence , etc. . . Well one of the `` value added '' accessories is the 28-964 Platinum Pro Blade and comes already on the saw . I am sure that it is a fine blade , but the problem comes when you add the riser block -LRB- the only reason why you would order the B model -RRB- , the blade wo n't fit because it 's not 105 '' long ! What a crock ! Come on Delta that is pretty cheesey , and the only stain on an otherwise fine `` Limited Edition '' Outside of that you ca n't go wrong with this tool if you need to do accurate resaw work on thick and tall hardwoods . I also ordered Carter 's Bandsaw bearings . Order those too you wo n't regret it . I immediately put them on the saw , and they are a big part of the saw 's accuracy . I never even used the `` blocks '' that came with the saw .
 So far I like everything about this saw . . I purchased it to resaw birdseye maple . . which it does VERY well ... Its some tough wood . . but the 11/2 horse motor doesnt miss a beat . The fence is n't exceptional , but is certainly sufficient ... I will certainly add additional Delta tools to my shop . . ...
 I used this bandsaw quite extensively in the last few days since receiving it , and it resaws tall boards of oak and mohagany like a hot knife through butter . Lots of power ! This package comes with the riser block , and you will have to disassemble the saw to put it on , but it 's not hard to do . This is my only beef , and it 's not with the saw . Delta packages this as a `` Limited Edition '' with value added accesories , i.e the riser block , the 1/2 wide 105 '' blade , the fence , etc. . . Well one of the `` value added '' accessories is the 28-964 Platinum Pro Blade and comes already on the saw . I am sure that it is a fine blade , but the problem comes when you add the riser block -LRB- the only reason why you would order the B model -RRB- , the blade wo n't fit because it 's not 105 '' long ! What a crock ! Come on Delta that is pretty cheesey , and the only stain on an otherwise fine `` Limited Edition '' Outside of that you ca n't go wrong with this tool if you need to do accurate resaw work on thick and tall hardwoods . I also ordered Carter 's Bandsaw bearings . Order those too you wo n't regret it . I immediately put them on the saw , and they are a big part of the saw 's accuracy . I never even used the `` blocks '' that came with the saw .
 I got this at the same time as I got a cheap , 15.6 v Crafstman drill as a gift . They could n't be more different . If you 're considering a cheap alternative like that , let me list some differences : - The PC has WAY more power . Do n't let the voltage rating fool you . I have had the Craftsman drill bog down far more often than the PC drill . - Brake and locking chuck - When you take your finger off the PC trigger , it stops immediately and locks in place , making bit changes much easier and avoiding turning screws too far . - Speeds - There is a speed switch on the top of the PC , not the Craftsman . I have found this very helpful when switching between drilling -LRB- HI -RRB- and screwing -LRB- LO -RRB- . - Apparent quality - The PC feels better built . It has that steel-instead-of-plastic feel to it . It probably is a little heavier , but that 's probably due to more metal and more battery , a trade-off I 'm fine with making.This drill has had plenty of power and battery life for me in my furniture building . I drilled 400 holes in a pair of bookcases and had to switch batteries once . I asssembled 8 drawers using these two drills . I had three drilling tasks
 I have had this drill for several years . Bought it as a kit with a super flashlight and two batteries . I was looking at this site because my handyman said he was thinking of getting a PC because he liked mine so much . I was surprised to see just a 3 star overall rating and a couple of negative reviews . No doubt those people got lemons . Mine gets used at least several times a month , has taken through many remodeling projects , and has performed flawlessly . I 've used it to drill holes in all kinds of wood , drive screws in pressure treated 1 x 10 pressure treated lumber to build a 400 sq foot deck , many hundreds of dry wall screws , etc , etc. . It charges quickly -LRB- about an hour ? -RRB- and runs for a long time . Get the flashlight too - it 's great . I thought I had made a somewhat frivolous purchase when I got the light but there have been dozens of times when I was very glad I did . Both have performed flawlessly and I 'm 100 % satisfied .
 I 've had this drill for two and a half years and am loving it . Not one single time have I regretted purchasing it . It has met or exceeded my expectations every time I 've used it . I was impressed enough by the quality of this tool that when I needed -LRB- okay , ` wanted ' -RRB- a nail gun , I bought Porter Cable for that as well -LRB- and it 's great , also -RRB- . My wife and I bought a fixer upper two and a half years ago and have been working on it since . Among other things , we renovated our kitchen soup to nuts and built a new mahogany deck . We 've used the PC drill/driver for everything we 've done in the house . Having the two battery packs and the fast charger is great . We 've never managed to drain the second one before the first one is fully recharged.We bought a second drill when we were doing our deck so that my wife and I could work in parallel . We wanted it right away and ended up getting a Black & Decker because our local Home Depot did n't have this PC drill in stock . The B&D ; is useless . It 's 15V instead of 12 but has noticeably less torque , fewer settings that can be adjusted , and just plain does n't work as well . It also feels really cheap compared to the PC.One reviewer said that the drill was unusable after 2 years . I have n't had any problem with it after 2.5 years of regular use . This is a very high quality tool that you wo n't regret purchasing .
 I have had a 12 volt porter cable cordless drill for 5 years now . I need another because the batteries have finally died and they want as much for a new set of batteries as they do for the whole drill . I will be purchasing another Porter Cable . I 've used this drill for many large projects including a 2000 square ft shop that was screwed together entirely with this drill . I also do a lot of steel working and have used and abused this drill without any problems . It has been dropped from several roofs without any issues also . I have also used 18v cordless drills and in my opinion the extra weight is not worth the extra power . this 12v drill will do anything you will probably be doing with a cordless drill .
 At the greatly reduced sales price , this is a quality product that will outlast several `` homeowner quality '' consumer products many times over . Bought it as a gift for my son , and should last him his lifetime .
 Very Good Drill . It has much more torque than others I have had . I do n't know how I got along without it !
 I have had my PC 12V drill for 8 years medium use . Excellent power/weight ratio with no need for more voltage . Replaced one battery at 3years and replaced the replacement last month . One of the original batteries is still going strong . The only downside is the battery replacement cost is high .
 Dear Sir ; I have used this product now for almost a month and find it to be a drill that is easy to use and comfortable in the hand . It has more power than I had expected and so far am very pleased with it.A satisfied customer
 disappointed no diagram or directions came with the pak ... not exactly sure how to use all the items
 Most everything you need and more ... A couple of things I would like to see is a better nozzle on the blow gun , and some explination of what everything is ...
 A nice package of accessories for many requirements reasonably priced . They just need to include some illustrations and instructions . I was not sure what several items were for and how they would be used .
 OK quality the pressure gauge is made of plastic . I know it will not last .
 If you are an occasional compressor user , this is a great starter kit . It all fits where it is supposed to and works . For < $ 20 , that exceeds my expectations . If you find you need greater quality later on , you can get an upgrade for the specific accessory needed . You should already have a basic idea of how these parts interconnect , I do n't recall any instructions per se .
 The brass quick-connect fittings in this kit are top notch and for those alone the kit is worth the price . If you were hoping to find a usable tire pressure gauge in this kit you will be disappointed because it 's plastic junk . The rest of the stuff is fine for the price and is a decent assortment to get you started with your compressor or to add to your stockpile of fittings .
 Very useful , I used all parts that came with this set . They were well made and at a good price
 This air tool package is very nice , as an additional set of tools , for use with my compressor . The price is reasonable , and I am very happy with my purchase .
 The quality of the materials warrrants a three star rating . The usefulness of these things would have made this a five star . The air nozzle needed a little touch of tape to stop it from leaking air , but once that was solved , it 's very useful . The other items come in handy for non-nailer tasks such as filling tires on cars , bikes , and wheelbarrows . The needle valves work on footballs , basketballs , etc. . I have n't used the brush yet . The larger sized connectors might come in handy if I purchase a framing nail gun and need the higher capacity air flow .
 This package comes with a decent amount of air tools to get you started on a project . Quality is better than buying single components from a hardware store .
 After a little teflon tape it was ready to go with my compressor .
 Perfect match for the compressor , all accessories needed to complete the varied task associated with air compressor . The porter Cable name on the kit was the selling point .
 Items were received in excellent condition and in a timely manner . Included a good mix of items that I needed at the time . Items worked well and would purchase as a gift if I knew someone who was just starting out using tools powered by an air compressor .
 I love it . it is really fast in terms of delivery . It is clean and good shape . It is useful for bike , car , and mini pool and so on . perfecto . love it !
 got this for my dad -- he likes the many different tools and adapters with it to use on his air compressor . He ran over one of the ends with his car , and said it suffered no damage at all -- so it must be very durable stuff -- now if I could just prevent him from losing pieces , it would last a lifetime -- LOL .
 The number of useful components per dollar is pretty high in this kit . All the parts work as intended . Do n't forget the plumbers tape for sealing the connections .
 A good set of parts for assembling hoses to a compressor and performing basic functions . The pieces in the set are well constructed . Well worth the money.For what its worth , I did n't have any problem with the shipping .
 This is just what the Dr. ordered . a handy , well thought out selection of service items for any air compressor !
 Very good , all made of metal with many different type of fittings , worth purchasing if you do n't have any accesories .
 You have to consider that these pieces are useful when you need to fix your machine on time
 This was was purchased to replace a craftsman contractor saw . I got tired of the contractor saw tipping while cutting plywood . I had to run 220 to the saw which was no problem . Once I got this up and running it cut thru hard wood like a hot knife through butter . The only flaws that I have found so far is that the `` lock '' for the blade height broke pretty easily and a plastic gear broke on the router table . Also the freight service was to a residence and the carried had a standard truck . The driver was not wanting to weight to see how we could unload this and kept asking if I wanted to refuse the load .
 I 've had this EXACT saw -LRB- I think at least one of the other reviewers are talking about another model -RRB- for several years now ... and , like the other 30-some porter-cable/delta power tools I own , it 's top-notch . The stock blade is okay for rough carpentry , but if you are serious about cutting trim or woodworking , drop the $ 100 on the Freud 96 TPI blade . This will give the perfect chop-saw setup , improve accuracy and give glass-smooth , splinter-free crosscuts . Who really expects a top-grade blade to be on a saw out of the box.As far as others who complained about the lasers
 I love this saw . The accuracy is excellent . I was thinking the laser would be a gimmick , but it 's great at defining the kerf before a cut . The only reason for a 4 star instead of 5 is the blade that comes with it is ok but not great .
 Good saw . It does bog down every once in a while but I think its due to bad blades . Its affordable and it works , get it.JP
 I got this for my husband as a gift 3 years ago . WE have both enjoyed the saw . Great for our little home workshop . However this past year the laser quit working and we are unsure how to replace it . Unfortunately the saw is not nearly as convenient without the laser .
 I 've owned and intensely used this miter saw for several years -LRB- 4 remodeling projects -RRB- . I love the double laser because it gives you the kerf cut . Therefore , rather than ` splitting ' a cut in the middle , you can accurately cut to your measurement . I have done a number of 45 's for trim work , and it has made great cuts . I have also cut 2x6 's , metal and plastic pipe -LRB- go very slow bringing the saw down and it wo n't chip -RRB- etc. , and it 's a horse . Love it and would buy again .
 After much research I opted for this saw . I looked at sliding 10 '' , Dual compound 12 '' and this compound 12 '' with and without the laser.I wanted to be able to cut 4x4 's with one pass as well as cut off some boards up to 6 '' . That 's sort-of a compomise in my criteria and the features are sort-of a compromise . Does n't seem you can get everything in one saw . Although Delta now has a dual compound sliding 12 '' and DeWalt has one , but the Dewalt has a design flaw that I ca n't get over once I spotted it . It 's flimsy locking mechanism that flexes the table out of adjustment . Adjustments are easy to make solidly on the Porter-Cable as well as the Delta without that flexing.I like the laser more than I thought I would . I wish they put a laser on the 12 '' sliding , dual compound Delta . That would then seem to have everything.They do n't ship it with any clamps and the ones Porter-Cable make are n't as nice as the ones from dewalt . They are n't interchangable but I really have n't needed to clamp anything . As long as long boards are supported on the end I do n't have any trouble holding them still with my hand.There 's some tear out that can be minimized by slowly finishing the cut and/or getting a different blade.I like the laser more than I thought , it 's really cool . Helps make some fine adjustments right on the table .
 Since Porter-Cable , Black & Decker , Dewalt , and Delta are now all owned by the same parent company , they have been discontinuing items that are duplicated by one of the other brands ... this saw is one of the discontinued items . Delta sells a similar twin-laser miter saw -LRB- # 36-255L -RRB- , but the main difference is that the Porter-Cable is made in America , yep , U.S.A. made , top quality , just as you 'd expect . The Delta is China/Taiwan manufactured and is not in the same league quality wise . So , order quickly , while you still can get a genuine made in the US of A , Porter-Cable miter saw ... you wo n't be sorry .
 I bought this saw just before christmas . This saw if identical to the one sold without the lasers -LRB- and identical to the Delta version of this saw -RRB- . That saw has many features that make it a top of the line saw . - good solid fence , good for crown molding and adjustable - the degree scale is not etched , so it will not wear off - the knobs are large and easy to use - the dust collection is much better than other saws in this category - it can be set up on 2x4s with special knotches for easy jobsite use , and has a well centered handle - the twin laser does a great job , you can see it in the daylight , and is very crisp ... also it keeps your head away from the blade and any chips/dust while you make the cut - horizontal handle more natural for a CMS use on a table or stand -LRB- older CMS just sat on the floor and a verticle handle was fine -RRB- if you have a chance to go by a hardware store with this unit , try to wiggle the the unit side to side and do the same with other CMS and sliding CMS ... this unit is very tight . I never found a SCMS that did n't wiggle when the blade is moved side to side ... i do n't like that kind of play when doing finer work like picture framesThe same saw branded and sold by Delta has a two year warranty though instead of PC 's 1 year ... but this does no worry me as Delta/PC customer service has always tsken care of any issues if they come up , they are great!My impressions of the saw when I first started using it were : - The carry handle is center over the mass of the saw and makes it VERY easy to move the saw around - The fit and finish are great , no sharp edges , everything clean , even the decals when placed squarely - the saw was dead accurate out of the box with the left fence -LRB- which gets used by me most -RRB- . The right fence was off , but adjusting it was easy . I found that the right fence was not flat . Called PC and 4 days later i had a new right fence and everything is fine . I 'll have to find a use for the old fence ... maybe a paperweight - The wingnut in the back t change the bevel of the saw is big and easy to use - When the motor starts there is no torque on the system , nothing moves ... i could probably align my cut , take away my hand holding the wood and start the motor and the wood would not move ... this is a nice change from my older CMS - from the left the cuts were dead on from the factory ... i mean dead on ! - The laser was also adjusted properly - also the cord is made so that it remains flexible in my unheated garage - the feet are big rubber knobs that are spaced well for a solid stance - The dust collection on this is SOOOO much better than others I have seen and used ... the amount of dust that needs to be picked up by a RAS type dust collector at the back of the saw in a miter station is greatly reduced ... One point about the saw
 I actually bought this saw without trying or even seeing one up close . I researched all the saws out there and was trying to decide between the Makita 1220 and the P-C 3802 . Both saws were highly rated and reviewed . But , the lasers clenched it for me . I have seen `` Norm '' use a laser saw on the New Yankee Workshop and I hoped that this saw would work as it appeared on TV . It does . After unpacking the saw , and attaching the table extension , I made some test cuts . The table and lasers were dead on out of the box . A lot of my cuts require that I line up the saw with a mark away from the blade . I used to `` nibble '' my way to the mark . Not anymore , the laser line accurately marks each edge of the kerf.I had one concern with the saw . The cam lock on the table is so tight that the table actually moves when the lock engages . The local PC service center said that this is normal and will lessen with use . It does n't seem to affect the cut . You only need to use it if you are in between detents.Bottom line , I 'm happy with my choice .
 I eagerly awaited the arrival of this saw which took about 6 days . When it arrived I assembled the saw -LRB- easy assembly - about 20 minutes -RRB- and put it to work building a deck around our pool . This saw makes cutting angles an easy task !! Great power and easy to read gauge . The saw was accurate out of the box and needed no adjustment . The twin lasers were adjusted perfectly , and they definately make building a quicker and more enjoyable task . The laser is typically easy to see except in bright sunlight ... on really bright days I had to pass my hand over the cut area to create shade to see the laser . The saw cut through 4X4 and 2X6 lumber like they were butter , and drew several positive comments from the guys that were helping me . I would highly recommend this saw to anyone . I would have given it 5 stars if the laser was visible in bright sunlight-but I guess to be fair , I do n't know of anything that shows up well in the midday sun . Solid , heavy , well made ... you 'll enjoy the saw ...
 I looked at many different saws before purchasing this one . While most of the saws I looked at could do the job , I had a big concern with the way the trigger occassionaly pinched my fingers when engaging the blade of other saws . If you repeatedly engage the trigger using slight variations to your grip you may find the same problem I did . The grip on the saw is perfect , never a problem . The twin lasers also make cutting much easier . The cut they outline is dead-on . I did not buy the saw because of the laser feature , -LRB- I bought it for the grip remember -RRB- but now that I have it , I 'm glad I do . I will never own a mitre saw again without the twin laser.The construction of the saw is solid ! Overall , a very good purchase I am glad I made .
 I have been a remodeler/carpenter for twenty-five years , so I fully intend to use this miter saw almost daily . I was looking for dependability , consistant cut quality , and of course value . I really do n't need a slider type or dual compound capability , perhaps if I had these functions I would grow to appreciate them too . The PC/Delta miter saw is not light weight , but it is very stable and the rubber pads on the feet make it more so . My first project was to make my version of the 2x4 saw table that the manual shows -LSB- the base is designed to sit in it -RSB- , it has since cut a variety of trim . The saw needed no tweaking , I was satisfied with the accuracy out of the box . I had no trouble assembling the extension table and fence slide . The table rotated easily on mine but was stiff on a couple that I tried at stores . It is adjustable like almost every feature . With daily use the saw will need some adjusting as it wears from use and gets banged around in the van . One feature that is not common with the Delta is the bevel scale which is stainless steel on the PC and much easier to see for me . I had been using a Dewalt CMS and it gave me good service and is very worn now . I thought of going with another one , but I was intrigued by the dual laser thing . I am becoming more far sighted and it is getting harder to see in dimmly lit situations -LSB- like when you work under temporary lights and spotlights -RSB- . So I thought what the heck and gave it a try . I have found it helpful . I put a 80t Freud on her and she does a good job . By the way that 2x4 saw table works real good and is cheaper and lighter than the metal type -LSB- $ 10.00 in 2x4 material -RSB- . All in all I am very pleased . Its a battleship , rock solid construction . I think it will hold up to whats ahead . I was fortunate to find one at a closeout sale for the same price as the Delta . There seems to be about a fifty dollar difference between the two-is it fifty bucks more for the name or the color ? One twist is that Delta gives a two year warrenty and PC one.Thumbs up from Ohio !
 I purchased the porter cable 12 inch twin laser in Feb of 2003 . Easy to setup never even had to look at the directions . The laser 's and the presets are dead on right out of the box . The reason I purchased this saw was to install crown molding around the ceiling in our dining room . I have never even messed with crown molding . With presets for both the mitre and bevel this saw made me look like a pro . The job turned out perfect . The ease of use for this saw is amazing . My wife wanted an octagon frame for a mirror . She cut the pieces herself . With its dead on accuarcy , prestes at 22.5 degrees , and ease of use this saw made it easy for her . Another job well done . My daughter who has never used one surprised me when she showed me some molding she had cut on it . The molding was small with fine scrollwork embedded in it . No chipping or splitting just perfect 45 's all around . This saw has everything going for it . Either in the home shop or on the jobsite it can make an amatur look like a pro or a pro more productive .
 Mainly used for cabinetry . On any other saw , pull the blade down to just above the material , then move it left and right . Note how much the blade moves on the material . Do this to this saw , and see the difference . If I were rough-framing , the DeWalt would be my choice , but not for my use . The rest of the features are pretty much immaterial - it just works .
 I recently purchased this saw from Amazon and put it to the test . This saw came out in the end shining ! Right from the start , the saw was easy to assemble right out of the box and the lasers were dead on right from the factory . The PC saw is much larger than the 12 '' DeWalt I was considering . The extension table is a nice feature as well . The only thing I wish is that Amazon carried the work clamp accessory that fits into the table on either side of the blade . I give this saw a full five stars partially because this saw and the Delta -LRB- same saw -RRB- are the only two saws that even have the laser option . Oh , I guess Craftsman offers the laser on their saws too . But since you are here reading this , you know why I pay no mention to the Playschool brand ! To sum it up , this saw is built of high quality components and very easy to set up and use . Have no doubts in this saw .
 This saw came out of the box true in all measurements ... Love the lazer ... . takes all guess work and `` try again '' cuts out of life ... . I have had the saw a month and have used it for woodworking projects , and general carpentry . I love it ... no complaints ... No problems ... It is n't a big deal but like all saws , you need a better blade than that provided ... . if you think it is what you need , buy it ... You will be happy .
 This is a great saw , the lasers are very easy to use since they are on both sides of the blades . You can turn the lasers on without the saw running so you can setup board hold downs for accurately as well as keeping your fingers and thumb away from a running blade . There are good stops , easy to read scales and a large base for stability on a table . The left side is larger than normal by about 6 inches so it holds work well . The fence is easily adjusted and the blade is a snap to change , the tool for this is on the back and only one bolt needs to be removed and your at the blade . I looked at sliding compound miters but was not impressed with blade side movement so I stayed with the compound miter for its dead on accuracy.The wonderful part is it is under priced for a saw of its quality .
 The bell works fine . Very clear . We could n't get the mouting bracket to work with the door so we took it off and zip tied it to the door hinge .
 This was a present from my family . While I am not a big fan of `` do it all '' tools , the Mega Mouse sander seems to do the job . For what it is designed for , it does quite well . Small to medium project sanding seems to be what this tool is designed for . If you are going to sand a floor , you should get something that is designed for it.On the other hand , if you are working small projects , this is it . Even medium sized work , in my case a 6 ' X 4 ' deck that serves as my front porch . It needed sanding after some pressure washing , and I did not look forward to doing it by hand . Out came the Mega Mouse , and it did the job very nicely . I am satisfied with the product so far , and I reccommend it as long as you realize that you are not getting a heavy duty belt sander . Keep this in mind and you wo n't be disappointed.The four star rating is due to the plastic case . Too tight , too hard to get everything back into it . But so far that 's my only quibble with the thing .
 This sander seems to do a good job although I do n't have much experience with other sanders . Like most who have written reviews I am not a big fan of the proprietary hook and loop sandpaper replacements that are sold . However , after quickly running through a batch of it and not having replacements on hand , I traced the outline of the sandpaper pad out on a sheet of regular sandpaper and cut it out . I then took some spray adhesive -LRB- I used 3M high strength 90 I had on hand -RRB- and coated the top -LRB- grit side -RRB- of the old used up pad and pressed on to this the back of the cutout sandpaper and held for about 10 seconds and proceeded to sand the walls in my bathroom for painting . Total time for this process the first time was a couple of minutes . Using this method I have been able to use whatever grit sandpaper I like at 1/4 of the cost of the B&D replacements . Even better I am able to use the resilient stuff that lasts longer so I have to change much less frequently .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- hmmmI love this thing . It 's great for small jobs around the house . I used it to recondition the dash on my IH Scout.Of course , bigger jobs do require bigger tools ... but is n't that just obvious ?
 This is the best laser I 've ever used hands down . I 've used -LRB- before I started my own business -RRB- Spectrum Physics , Topcon , Hilti , and Robotools . I used to think the Spectrum Physics were the best , but this is better than the Spectrum in the fact that it has the battery which helps two ways ... first off , you never run out of power . Secondly , because there 's no wires hanging down the wall , I do n't have to worry about someone tripping over the wire and pulling the laser off the wall -LRB- when I 'm doing drop ceilings -RRB- . The last company I worked for had Topcon and Hilti lasers and they are very nice , but they just do n't seem to hold up ... you can tell immediately when you open the box that this product is built like a power tool . I bought a Robotools laser and gave it to one of my guys to use -LRB- I never used it myself -RRB- , but he hated it so I sent it back . Too bad because it 's cheap . I bought this one from my local dealer for around $ 1250 -- also with a free tripod . At $ 1199 this is a very good deal . I 'm not usually one to write reviews , but I 've been using these things for years and now that I own my own business I have a greater appreciation for quality -LRB- how long till my guys destroy it -RRB- . I think Dewalt people really did their homework with this one .
 Have used it for a week now - and am very satisfied . Easy setup - remote is great feature -LRB- wish it had a power on and off button -RRB- . Have used it inside and outside with great results . Would recommend it highly . This unit is replacing a Spectra Physics older laser unit - what an improvement .
 I have not used a roatating laser before , but I ca n't imagine a better unit . DeWalt really did their homework . It is more , but you get what you pay for . Setup is a breeze and all the accesories are top notch and work great .
 I recently purchased this set of tools from Amazon/Grizzly Tools . I wished they qualified for Free Shipping . They arrived about 3 days after ordering via UPS . They arrived in perfect condition , packed completely in shipping peanuts . This set offers 6 tools that you need for turning . I compared prices from stores and online stores . This kit is about $ 110 cheaper than my local woodworking store . -LRB- I purchased the set for $ 179 . -RRB- I have turned several things using these tools and have been very pleased . The HSS -LRB- High Speed Steel -RRB- used is of excellent quality . Two of the handles are longer than the others . All tools are solid and well balanced . I had an email confirmation from Grizzly once they had received the order . I think you will be very pleased if you purchase this set .
 I am new to turning and have bought into the Sorby hype . These are really nice tools at a really good price . They feel good in your hands and the HSS really holds an edge . I have heard that any HSS tool out of Sheffield England is pretty much the same and that you pay more for the Sorby name , but 6 essential tools for $ 180 seems like a good price to me .
 The handle looks like it is made of plastic in the supplied image but it is actually composed of a molded metal composite with a rubber grip . The blade is a bit flimpsy for my use but it is an 18 '' saw . General purpose blade also cuts plywood , plaster board , and paneling in addition to PVC . Also , as stated , the blade can mount either vertically or horizontally.An excellent saw for the price . I would recommend the 12 '' blade if you are questioning size .
 This stuff is a lifesaver , I 've been using it for years . Ca n't find in stores here anymore , so glad I found on Amazon ! It 's great at removing adhesive residue from surfaces without causing any marring , plus it has a nice smell so if you use it to get price tags off of gifts you wo n't be sorry .
 Unable to find this locally . Was so happy to find at Amazon.com . This stuff works !
 I thought the unit worked great ! I was able to cut 2x material in a very tight area with no problem . I loved the quick blade change and the variable speed gave me better control over my work piece . Overall I felt the tool was great for the job .
 I have used my Zipsaw to cut 2X and 1X material along with plastic sheet material and it works great ! It has awesome power and the control for the user is out of this world.Thanks again Black and Decker !
 The unit had plenty of power to do the job . I was able to cut 2x material in a very confined area with no problem . I think the unit ran great and changing the blade was a snap . I also found the variable speed to be very helpful .
 Black and Decker has a great product with this little gem . It is much more versatile than a drill and is light weight as well . It has far more torque than the wimpy cordless screwdrivers , even more than Dewalt 's 7.2 V screwdriver , with the same great quick release adapter built in . I find this much easier to use than a standard cordless drill with a standard chuck -LRB- even the keyless ones -RRB- for drilling pilot holes and then driving screws . And as for driving , how about 3.5 in deck screws into treated lumber and even 4x4 's . This baby has the power.Another great feature is the five positions you can put the head in , to give you access in close quarters with enough power to do something with it . Great for hard to reach places.It comes with a molded plastic case and an assortment of drive bits , drill bits , and nut drivers to get you started . If you want to use standard drill bits , buy yourself a quick release drill chuck . The only draw back is the long charge time -LRB- no quick charger -RRB- and only one battery . Otherwise I would have given it a 5 .
 This is a handy tool , solidly built and you 'll find a surprising number times you 'll be glad for the swivel neck for getting into awkward places . The neck locks firmly into place , with no play . The quick change bit system makes changing bits fast and painless , and the three finger trigger is nice and comfortable to use with great control over drill speed.Two things niggle me about it though . As someone else mentioned , it seems to have low torque even at the highest setting , so you should only get this for fairly light household and assembly chores . And the battery charge cap does not give any visual clue as to when the battery is fully charged , so you have a hard time knowing when it 's full again.Other than that , it 's a great drill !
 I describe this as a cross between a drill and a power screwdriver . Is has the power -LRB- 12v -RRB- of a good cordless drill , but has a smaller head that articulates . It can get into spaces a normal drill wo n't go . It ca n't quite manage as tight a space as a power screwdriver , but they do n't have 12volt umph . It 's well made and has a clutch feature . It uses quick realease 1/4 '' hex bits . It ca n't accept standard drillbits , unless there is some sort of adapter out there . Several drill bits , screwdriver bits , and nutdriver bits are included and store in the hardshell carrycase . An easy to use around the house tool . Bosch makes a similar tool that costs double what this does .
 I received this Black and Decker XD1200K drill/driver back in May ' 07 . So far I like it . It 's easy to use , the battery works great , and it recharges quickly . It comes with enough drills and screwdriver heads to do most jobs . I have been using it to replace the protruding nails on my sundeck with galvanized screws . I also used it to drill holes for a new latch in the metal frame of my sliding screen door . One of the things I like about it , is that you can use it in angled gun form but you can also use it as an inline straight drill/screwdriver which makes it easier for me to drill a straight hole . I think the 12V battery gives more than enough power for household repairs and projects . If you need an excellent , all-around , flexible , versatile cordless drill/screwdriver for a variety of applications , this is the one.NOTE
 I 've only had this drill for a couple of days , but so far it 's performed great . The swivel head makes it easy to use as a cordless screwdriver and for me it 's very light . With the clutch on maximum it has the power to drill guide holes with no problem and the speed control trigger and multiple clutch settings keep you from stripping screws . I 've also used it to do an upgrade to my computer . The most versatile tool I own at a great price . Great for light duty household repairs . Or it makes a great companion to a high performance drill or impact driver . The only things I did n't like about it is that is comes with only one battery and no quick charger . The batteries -LRB- FSB12 or HPB12 -RRB- and quick charger -LRB- FSMVC -RRB- are available on amazon.com -LRB- tm -RRB- at the time of this review , although I do n't know if that will always be the case . I have also found the batteries and quick charger at some big retail stores . There is a space in the case for a second battery -LRB- attached to the drill -RRB- , so at the least , I 'm getting another battery . True , I have n't needed a second battery yet , but I feel better having a back up so I do n't have to wait to finish a project .
 I recently bought a house for the first time and did not have a cordless driver . I picked this up , thinking that it might come in hand . Little did I know that EVERY single project I encountered , would involve this little guy . I have had it for several months , now , and have only recharged it a couple of times - it holds it 's charge well and run like a top . I have to be honest , I have not used the rotating head on it at all , but it is narrow enough to fit in tight places and the accessory bits are just about all you could ever need . My 12v CORDED DeWalt is going to be doing nothing but collecting dust , with this thing in my arsenal . This is one of the best $ 50 I have ever spent .
 Although we purchased this drill as a gift to my in-laws for Christmas , We needed to borrow it to hang out new kitchen cabinets it made the job so much easier we also have a black and decker but it does n't have the option of flipping the head to a straight or other directions which we needed to do for our do it your self job ! Its a great drill ! We have bought a lot of Black and Deckers products and we could n't be happier with the products and the price .
 I just received this for XMas , and I am very pleased with it so far . The ergonomics are very nice , and the swivel head is excellent . It seems to have decent power -LRB- I was driving 3 '' screws through 2x4 's with ease -RRB- . Not sure about battery life yet , as I have only charged it once so far . The only 2 downsides , are the slow charge time of 3-6 hours , and the `` chuck '' is a 1/4 '' connection only - no real chuck -LRB- although it is very fast and easy to switch 1/4 '' bits , and it comes with a nice assortment to get you started -RRB- . I think this drill may replace my 6-year old Makita as my primary drill !
 I like the quick release feature that allows me to switch between driver and drill bits with a simple press ; We often has to drill holes to prevent wood split before drive the screw to the wood ; I hate having to replace the driver with the bits ; The dual drive is too expensive and not even as good.This drill does not have enough power for tough jobs ; It would have been better if it was at least 14.4 V ; I 'm not sure they make these with 18V battery .
 Black & Decker XD1200K 12 volt cordless 5 position drill / driver kit is just what I needed for around the home and it proved to be a wise choice and I love it .
 For any one looking for a versatile Driver this is the product for you . You can get into tight corners with ease .
 I had several projects planned and some included installing sliding shelves in cabinets . This presents a problem because standard drills do n't fit for this job . This small drill is perfect for small jobs and not very expensive . Charging is quick but the battery pack does n't last very long .
 I bought this drill for a certain project that required usage in tight quarters . This drill worked perfectly for that project . Since then , over two years , this has been a staple in my drill group . The quick change collett is perfect for changing between drills and drivers . I have based my drilling/driving around this drill along with some more powerful cordless drills . Most of my projects are best suited with a cordless drill . I heartily endorse this product .
 This model is a must have for me . I could only find the drill online . I have had excellent service with a drill like this for 5 years but the battery finally has become weak . I have dropped it off of latters down 6 feet to concrete floor and it still works .
 This cordless tool is great for small jobs , and seems to have plenty of power and spunk . However , if you were going to be doing a lot of work on a big project - this drill is n't the one for big jobs . It is light-weight and plastic - which is lighter to work with and the ability to reach hard to get to places is what it is mainly designed for - for that it is great .
 This product is really nice . It is light and convenient , plus I like the movable head .
 Love it . Makes mildly difficult jobs a breeze . Has just the right amount of power and versatility I need . I highly recommend this product .
 I recently purchased the Black and Decker XD1200K drill/driver kit to be used to assemble a recently purchased garden shed . So far , the swivel and torque adjustments have come in handy , bit changing is a `` snap '' and the weight is just perfect . The only draw back I 've found is that there is no magnetic bits for holding screws when installing the studs and siding -LRB- and there is a ton of screws ! -RRB- . I would recommend this tool for every day repair jobs around the house . It is very maneuverable and has been a pleasure to use .
 Item is great , very steady in hand . I charged it only once after I received it from Amazon but been using it on and off multiple times for 3 weeks without having to recharge.The included screwdrivers are enough for fixing things here and there in the house.Only comment
 You ca n't argue with the price . For about forty bucks , you get a cordless driver with varying torque to take care of your drilling and driving needs . At first the package appears bulky , but inside the unit is acceptably okay in size . Surprisingly , with the battery pack on , the unit is not that heavy to hold . The varying positions is a plus as it helps to access more trying spaces where you ca n't get the bigger drills in.I like the battery pack design the best as it is separate from the body . If the pack ever dies , you could replace it assuming the same pack is available , say , after four hours.The unit , as per the product description , does n't have a clutch . That is , only bits with the hex base can fit into the holder . Not a big issue , as you can get a set of heads for a decent price if you have n't already got them.This is n't a heavy duty driver . I was n't successful drilling into a brick wall to make a hole for a mail box screw . For the price , it is the best cordless driver you can get .
 I adore my little power drill ! I just moved into my new apartment and it 's been perfect for setting up furniture . It 's so versatile , I really like that you can position the head in different ways , it makes drilling in tight spaces much easier.The design is so comprehensive , there are lots of different power settings , it has the right trigger sensitivity for good control , and there are way too many screw icons for me to use.I 've been using it all day , setting up various pieces of furniture -LRB- bed frame , desk , boards , etc. -RRB- and it has n't shown signs of dying at all . It deserves 5 stars for what I 'm using it for !
 Great product . Whoever came up with the concept of the adjustable head with a pretty powerfuldrill got it right . Criticisim : Probably a more versatile carrying case to hold B&D quick connect drill & accessory kit .
 This cordless drill/screwdriver is well worth it 's cost . It comes with some drill bits and screwdriver tips and is great for hanging curtain rods and other light duty tasks around the home . You should know that it does n't have a standard drill chuck so none of your drill bits will work . Also I found the standard 2 '' screw bits included too short for many tasks due to the fatness of the drill . I went to Lowe 's and picked up a small set of extension bits for around $ 12 that makes all the difference .
 Bought this for like $ 45.00 - It 's over exceeded what I had planned for it . I just purchased a new home and I 've been using this baby everywhere . It comes with around 12 bits which is great considering most bits are usually sold seperately . I 've used it to drill and screw multiple items and it 's pretty powerful at 12 voltz . Good torque . The battery lasts a long time and I 've yet to have it slow down.Overall , I give this a 5 out of 5 .
 I own a solar screen business where we install screens and sometimes use `` self tappers '' to put them up as well as the clips that hold them in ... this drill works great ... love the adjustable head and it holds a charge for days ... I own 2 and will try and keep buying them . . also very light weight
 This is the best power screwdriver I have ever used . The battery lasts a long time , and the power and flexibility are unmatched .
 This product is great . Be warned
 One of the biggest mistakes home owners make is trying to do multiple jobs with a single tool . I 've seen my friends purchase 24 volt cordless drill/drivers to put a screw in drywall to hang a picture . I believe in having the right tool for the right job . I have several drill/driver type cordless tools and I use the Black and Decker XD1200K 12v drill/driver for light work around the house - for instance - putting together toys , furniture , hanging stuff on the walls , etc. . For these jobs , this tool is an excellent choice -LRB- save your 18 to 24 volt dewalt or makita drill for building decks -RRB- . It 's light weight , very ergonomic - fits in my hand very easily , has variable torque settings -LRB- handy for putting together toys and furniture -RRB- , holds a charge for a long time , and allows for quick insertion of drill or screw driver type bits . It 's flex head allow you to get into tight spots . Should you wish to use standard type drill bits , there 's a chuck adaptor -LRB- optional -RRB- that snaps into the tools and converts it to a chuck drive . I highly recommend this tool as a light duty around the house drill/driver .
 I got this inexpensive drill to hang curtains and remove screws . It is so easy to handle . If you need a simple drill to use around the house this drill is perfect ! You can also use it as a screwdriver !!
 This is my second drill/driver kit . Every household should have one of these Black and Decker drills . The 5 positions come in really handy for tight places . They are durable and have more power then you would think for a 12 volt battery . I really appreciate mine and always have it close at hand when I do any project around my home . Try it you 'll like it .
 This tool is perfect for personal use . It comes with attachments that are necessary for household jobs . It is nice and affordable . must buy this item .
 I have a joint hypermobility problem and ca n't deal with heavy objects for any length of time . This drill is light enough that I can work with it for more than short periods.The angle adjustment is extremely useful although I wish it came with more bits . It has a decent amount of power for smaller jobs , but have come across jobs that it just ca n't handle.Overall , I am very pleased with this drill .
 This Black & Decker is one of my most useful Amazon purchases in years . It 's handsome , compact , and useful for around the house and garden . I use it mainly for light drilling , electronics , and household repair tasks . I 've used it to drill holes in plastic and ceramic flower pots , and recently put together a2x4basics AnySize Chair or Bench , Green , 09210with it . It 's powerful enough to drive a screw clean through solid pine with no effort.Pros : ------ solid build quality and excellent manufacturing standards - long-lasting battery pack . I charged it months ago and it 's still going on the same charge - perfectly balanced in right-angle mode -LRB- upside-down L shape -RRB- and easy to hold - powerful motor ; suitable for everything I 've needed it for around the house and backyard - handy , protective hard plastic carrying case that keeps all parts and accessories neatly organized - carrying case has compartment for keeping all drill bits in one place - chuck is secure and easy to change out -LRB- push in the `` nose '' and hold , with other hand , remove the bit -RRB- - can use drill bits and attachments from my other screwdriver/tool sets because the hole is standardCons : ----- Not sure how long charge time is . I left it plugged in for 8 + hours and the light was still red . - very bottom heavy because of battery pack . If you set it to vertical mode , the center of gravity changes to below the grip handle , making it very awkward to hold . Because of this , I never angle it past the 2nd position . - head should be narrower and longer . If you need to reach a lot of tight spots , this unit may not be your best choice . I had trouble assembling my bench because of the angles.Overall , a very sturdy and solid feeling product . It 's attractive and useful , but consider the battery weight , neck size and shape before buying . I like this product a lot , despite the caveats .
 Nice compact tool . Fits in some close quarters & makes a good RightAngle drill . Only flaw -- Batteries might be scarce ???
 I have several Black and Decker 12 volt cordless power tools . This one is the most dynamic of them , because it is flexible . It has the same level of power as my standard 12 volt system , yet can get into places the CDC1200K can not . The `` QuickConnect '' feature is GREAT if you have the bits to support the 1/4 '' chuck . I use the other drill for drilling and this one for driving . If you purchase the multi-voltage quick charger -LRB- at amazon or many other places -RRB- you can have a conditioned , charged battery that is ready at a moments notice . If your not building the Trump Tower , these 12 volt drill/drivers are GREAT .
 This Drill/Driver is great for any projects . Its easy to use . Its a little bulky though . Other then that it 's ok . I would recommand it . Price is not too expensive . I bought mind at a great discount .
 This is a very handy cordless drill and it gets into tight spots . You can also use it for a screwdriver .
 and so far , works very well . lots of bits included and a great storage case . Buy It now !!!
 This is a great little screw driver , I have been giving them for gifts .
 I have/had four cordless drills -- 24v to 9.5 v -- all B&D ; Firestorm . I say `` had '' because this product used to be a Firestorm 18V drill/driver and mine , one day , just quit . Regardless , I view it as the best drill/driver on the market . If there is a downside , it is that B&D ; lowered it to 12v rather than leaving it at 18v . The swivel head makes inserting screws above your head effortless ; swivel the head around and the head gets closer to the work , without your hand getting in the way . The hex lock makes changing screw heads or bits a snap.What about my other drills ? I use them for , well , drilling , especially the 24V for concrete or well cured wood.I HIGHLY recommend this product , and I have n't even bought it yet . I 've been looking for a replacement for my 18V and this is as close as I have found .
 This item excedded our expectations , workes very well especially in tight spaces .
 I gave this tool to my 87 year old father and he was like a child in a toy store . He loved the many ways it changed position and all the different tools he could create . This was his favorite gift in years .
 First of all let me say that I do n't know anything about heavy industrial uses for a drill so I am not qualified to speak of such issues as I have never been a tradesman . Further , I have never been asked to take part in any projects in which I had anything to do aside from digging or simple grunt work . Therefore , the other reviewers are far better qualified than I in regards to judging whether this drill is effective in diverse settings . I bought mine strictly for home use . I just got a new condo and the 12V comes in handy for everything I need to do . It drilled holes perfectly for cabinet handles and cabinet knobs . I also made steady use of it for the putting up of window treatments . The model was reliable and I have no complaints . It appears ideal for simple home operations and is a great addition to my toolbox . Also , considering that I got mine for 37 bucks -- it 's financially a good deal .
 Ca n't add much to what 's already been said about this fabulous little drill , but I 'm a clueless middle aged female , and this little drill is a piece of cake to use . I grab it two or three times a week for one task or another . The articulating head -- which I did n't think I needed -- has been a godsend . So far it is holding up well and holding a charge nicely . Lightweight and easy to hold . I honestly do n't know how I lived without it .
 All my old manual screwdrivers were dull and ineffective so it was finally time to invest in new tools . I used to avoid having to buy anything that required screws because I did n't want to deal with the strength required sometimes to drive the screws in as far as I want and calluses/blisters that would sometimes form on my palm from putting too much pressure manually . It was long overdue to get a power screwdriver , and I 'm extremely pleased . Now I ca n't wait for reasons to need to use it ! I 'm a novice when it comes to electric/power tools and this was easy enough for me to figure out how to work with minimal perusal over the brief instructions included . It comes with a few starter bits , and they could n't be easier to change out . It 's powerful enough to deal with everyday jobs around the home , yet lightweight and easy to handle , which is all I need . I do n't need to buy any additional components for this tool for my uses.The only other thing I could wish for is a better way to monitor battery charge . As it is , I charge the battery by counting down the hours and relying on B&D ; 's opinion of how long it should charge for as stated in the instructions -LRB- 3-6 hours -RRB- , and not by the red light on the charger because the light does not seem to go off ever ; the purpose of the light on the charger seems to be only to indicate that it 's plugged in - not that the battery is still charging . The light does n't go off when the battery is fully charged like so many other products ' chargers do . Perhaps I 'm missing something there.Good value overall .
 I 've owned this Black and Decker drill/driver model for around 7 or 8 years . It 's been a lifesaver to say the least . I also own a ` real ' corded drill that I use for jobs that require serious torque , but in the 8 years I 've owned that , I 've only used it three or four times.This Black and Decker cordless drill/driver on the other hand is by far my favorite tool that I own . I 've done everything from installing blinds to assembling a wooden swingset with this drill -LRB- the battery did not last through the entire swingset , but it did last for several hours -RRB- . One reviewer commented he could not find a replacement battery , but honestly , in 8 years I have n't needed one . I whole heartedly recommend this tool as an all purpose household drill/driver . Have realistic expectations - If you plan do more than just household maintenance and repair tasks or small projects , you will need to invest in another drill.Pros :1 . The 5 position head - a nice feature that comes in handy once in a while .2 . `` Quick Connect Bit Change System '' - it 's so easy to drill a pilot hole , switch to a screwdriver bit , and finish the job in a matter of seconds .3 . Accessories - it comes with an assortment of drill and driver bits , but other hex sets work interchangeably with this driver .4 . The Battery - charges quickly , holds a charge for a long time , and lasts through several jobs , even with long periods of non-use .5 . Lefty approved ! - drills usually are n't an issue left handed users , but just in case you were wondering , this tool is ergonimically ambidextrous and therefore does not discrimate against us : -RRB- Cons
 My last 6V stopped working and I found this to be a good deal . I got it for $ 30 at Amazon . The 6V cost more at most stores . I have been very satisfied until now . It was a pleasant surprise to see the samll set of bits that came withthe drill as it is not mentioned anywhere in the lit . Typically , these things come with a couple of bits , but this one came with a good 10-12 bits.Update 12/09Still loving it . I am a little careless with Battery care and it has yet to make me regret it !
 I bought this item to use as a cordless screwdriver , so it met my expectations . With their versapack & additional batteries going for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- it was worth going for the additional money , and it last longer than the 3.6 v VersaPac drill I had before this one , but as a drill , it lacks power.I do like the fact that the chuck holds screwdriver bits , and nut drivers , this makes it easy to go from bit to bit .
 I got this as a Christmas gift from my older brother a year ago . At the time , I remember thinking that I 'd maybe use it here and there a couple of times a year . Instead , this thing has proven to be a lifesaver . I 've used it on countless home repair and hobby jobs for unscrewing/screwing difficult bolts and screws , drilling pilot holes to drilling door knob holes , sanding , cutting , buffing , routing ... you name it . Indoor , outdoor , automotive ... with the right bits/attachments , this thing can do just about anything .
 i am so in love with this screwdriver and i got it for 30.00 . this is one of my christmas gift . i love you pete
 this one really does look and feel like a toy . . they work great ... havent had much use of them yet ... but they are good so far ...
 In fact the product is very good but purchasing via amazon is the best of the best , very smooth , convenient and very satisfactory .
 Black and Decker XD1200K 12-Volt Ni-Cad 1/4-Inch Hex Cordless 5-Position Drill/Driver KitI really ca n't say how good this product is since I bought as a gift . I would say for the price it was a good choice . The manufacturer has a good reputation for making reliable products was a major reason for purchasing this product .
 Received quickly . This was a trial situation for me . First , I ordered two , one ivory and one almond to see what would look best on my wall . Almond was a great blend for my existing paint . Ivory was a slant to a yellowed beige . Then , I was interested in a quieter than existing switch outlet . Did n't happen , so I wo n't be using these . My engineering husband says the regular switches are easier to repair anyway . If you are just determined to use rockers , Amazon has the best prices .
 This towel ring is very sturdy and a solid piece . I like it so much better than the towel ring I replaced that had a loose ring that moved whenever you used the towel . It looks great with the other products from the Devonshire collection .
 Product is durable and exceptionally priced . I am very pleased with the fast shipping . Brushed bronze is a beautiful color to complement any bathroom style .
 Needed a brushed bronze towel ring to match a Kohler Forte faucet since the Forte bronze towel rings had been discontinued . The color was a perfect match and the style was very close . The ring is very solid and well made .
 This towel ring looks just as I thought it would , is sturdy enough to hold our large heavy bath sheets no problem at all . Installation was easy enough , they provide the template , screws , wall anchors and allen wrench for the set screw . Required a drill , phillips head screw driver and hammer to `` persuade '' the wall anchor to go all the way in . I installed one of these with the hook opening on the left but then realized that the set screw was visible under the mounting ring area . So I installed others with hook opening facing right to have the set screw above out of view of most except the tallest people . Just something you might think about before installing.I like the opening in the ring to get the towel out instead of dragging it through the ring . Not that this is n't sturdy enough to pull the towel through , but the opening was one of the features I was looking for in this towel holder.Overall very happy with this purchase .
 There is n't much to say except this is probably a big upgrade in appearance over your current towel holders . The trendy oil-rubbed bronze color will give an instant `` upgraded '' look to your bathroom.The quality seems to be quite nice . So far all of the Kohler products I 've purchased are standouts in quality .
 Very nice towel holder . Highly polished and easy to install . Comes with its own allen wrench . You 'll have to drill two holes which are covered upby the base .
 You can not o wrong with kohler . Really looks great and goes perfectly with matching toiler roll . Cheap facelift and really looks much more expensive
 I remodeled the upstairs bathroom for my wife and these match the Kohler Devonshire contour soaking tub she wanted . She loves them .
 This is for our son and daughter-in-law 's guest bathroom . Looks outstanding with the other pieces we also purchased from Amazon . Kohler has the best quality and style by far .
 Very sturdy . I purchased this product to go with all the other Kohler fixtures that I had the contractor install for the three bathrooms we recently remodeled . The Kohler fixtures I have found to be of great quality and I 'm very happy with how they look and function .
 It has a very stylish yet sturdy feel . it has withstood the abuse of two young boys . Makes it easy for the kids to hand their towels
 The polished chrome is beautiful and the simple but elegant styling works well in my Victorian-style bathroom . I hope the finish holds up over time , but since I 've only had it three weeks , I ca n't vouch for the durability of the finish and hence the 4 stars . Everyone loves the fact that the ring is open-ended because it is much easier to add and remove towels as compared to a closed ring design . Installation was easy too .
 I have been using this multi tool for a year and a half now and pretty much agree with hoang . Get the extra batts and you will be fine . I have used every attachment , the circ saw drains the batts the worst , followed by the router . I have used it to build a fence , remodel my daughters room , and drywall the garage . I am very happy with this tool , wish it came with a smart charger , and a trigger lock . -LRB- thats why its only 4 stars -RRB-
 I just ordered this product and it looks to be exactly what I need . I just need power tools to do small projects around the house . This is a perfect mult-tool product for me . Just the basics is all I need . I do n't need a top of the line circular saw , jigsaw , etc. . I just need something that will handle the small projects that I work on and this appears to be exactly what I need .
 Amazing . I bought mine at Amazon and my cousin brought to me . I was waiting for another machine , but this is fantastic !!! Congratulations AMAZON , congratulation Black and Decker . I think that I will not find another tool like this . Very , very good.Buy one and tell me ...
 I 've been using this kit extensively for two years on myriad job sites . I 'm now looking to buy a second one , because this one has held up so well and I want to keep one at home . I was skeptical at first that the snap-on head design was going to be robust enough for frequent use , but it 's been rock solid.I mostly use the drill , circular saw , and sabre saw attachments , but routinely find work for the router and sander . B&D ; calls the sabre saw a jigsag , but it 's not remotely as maneuverable as a real jigsaw , an it 's only anchored at one end . A true jigsaw has a metal platform and is anchored at both ends -- you move the work around the blade , not the blade around the work , as you do with a hand-held tool.The rotary saw is a tad too shallow for 3/4 '' plywood . The safety interlock on the main tool can be frustrating if you know what you 're doing , but I understand why B&D ; has to have it.Buy a second battery . I find the batteries only last for a few hours of steady use , especially the rotary saw . The charger is pretty fast -- usually takes only a couple hours to get to 80 % capacity . The remaining 20 % , though , takes another six hours .
 This is a great product ! All you need for a DIY project . Battery lasts for a long time and the tool has enough power to do pretty much anything you want . I love it !
 so far i 've used one of the 5 attachments - the jig saw , to cut a galvanised steel pipe . it performed just as well as the corded version and had enough power to do the -LRB- pretty tough -RRB- job . the safety feature had to go though . i cut a small length of fish line tubing and wedged it in to keep the button pressed down , and viola - no more safety feature .
 I see this tool in a store and I 'd like it , but I was not sure if it realy works , so I asked to the tool-man of the store to set it for and exibition for me the next day . The performance was much better of what I expect . The tool not only works fine at home but also at some heavy duty work .
 My -LRB- now -RRB- wife bought me this set years ago when living in an apartment when my 9.6 v drill battery died . The set is compact and covers all the basics for light duty work . The 14.4 volt packs were quickly replaced in the market by 18 and 19.2 volt designs for heavier duty work and NiCad batteries tend to drain when left off the charger . here is is 8 years later and I still love the kit and have bought a third set of batteries for it and a new smart charger for the battery packs . -LRB- My pairs of batteries were manufactured in 2003 , 2008 , and 2011 -RRB- . The charger that came with the set is probably the weakest link because it just runs at full charge all the time and will cook the batteries over time if you leave them on the charger so they 'll be ready when you need them . When my charger 's transformer brick -LRB- wall wart -RRB- finally cooked itself I opted to replace it with a smart charger that will switch to a trickle charge to keep the pack topped off once full.Unfortunately the kit is n't manufactured anymore but if Black and Decker or someone else came out with a compact kit like this in 18 or 19.2 volts with Lithium batteries , I 'd consider upgrading . Until then I 'll keep on using this set until the motor burns out .
 I purchased one of these sets , MT1405B Black and Decker Cordless Drill , about five years ago , and thought this one of the best purchases I had ever made.This summer , while I was helping out at a neighbor 's home , someone took it from my open shed at the rear of our home . I have been attempting to replace it for months now , contacting Black and Decker , used tool sites on the web , refurbished tool sites on the web , e-bay , craig 's list , and major tool servicing centers - but have had no luck in locating another.If anyone knows of someone that has decided to sell theirs , I would be most grateful if I could get that contact information.Thank you , Ted Strand
 Others have already said it all , I just wanted to add my name to the list.This has been the greatest power tool I 've ever had , the only time I take my regular power tools is if I forgot to charge the batteries or if I need to cut something thicker than what the circular saw can reach -LRB- even if at times I just saw one side , flip the board and saw the other side to cut the piece -RRB- . And I say `` near perfect '' since , has others mentioned , they should have either made this as a 18V tool for a bit more power and longer time usage . But B&D ; could make newer longer lasting batteries that would work with this is they wanted to.But I 've used mine for everything , from repairs to building a pool deck and it was on par with just about any other tools my friends had , sometimes even better , and I was able to switch to the saw -LRB- or other -RRB- so we did n't have to get the other tools out.I was very happy when I saw a opened set in liquidation for 50 $ at the store , which is now my backup , of which I use the drill head -LRB- so I have two -RRB- , and use one for the drilling and switch to the other with the screwdriver heads.And I , like most others , recommend the better charger.B & D ; created a winning combination with this set , and the best thing they could do would be re-release it with a better battery system and a more powerful motor . As long as it could still use the same heads , they could also sell the body to those that already have this set.An extra thing they could have done is a better case instead of a bag , or at least made pockets/separations for the parts in the bag to keep things better organized .
 Versatile product . Good for small projects . Lacks the power needed to conquer intense projects . Batteries wear out quickly . As with many power tools , can be a dangerous product to use .
 All items work well , after buying a quick charger , I do n't have any battery problems , Note
 I bought this over 4 years ago and love it . I 'm not much into heavy-duty home repair but I have used this to build simple box furniture . I 've had no problems with the drill , either saws , the sander and have not had the need for the router yet . The one battery did die on me fairly soon so I bought an additional battery and the better battery charger -LRB- recommended by amazon customers -RRB- . As a young , female , condo owner without a lot of experience , this is my perfect tool . Oh , and my father is always trying to steal it .
 All interchangable heads mounted easily , quickly and securely . Drill
 I liked this tool . The only thing I can suggest to make it better is to get more batteries . They seem to need a recharge rather quickly . With only two batteries , I was killing both before the first one could recharge . I got 3 batteries and a quick charger to be able to keep up with use . Even still , it was not enough battery juice . I 'd give 5 stars except for the short battery life when used with attachments other than the drill .
 I got this tool for christmas , and all I can say is wow.It was the perfect gift for someone who works on various odd jobs.The router , was the first thing I wanted to test out . Mostly cause I knew it would take a bit of power to do any kind of routing . And it worked flawlessly . Second thing I wanted to use was the Jig Saw . This and the Drill will be my most used I believe , as I cut alot of shapes into thin gauge steel.Again , it worked great . The battery life is decent for its job . I 've used various cordless devices from Circular Saws , to Sanders , and this is in par with those.So far , so good . = -RRB- Recommend this to anyone that needs a variety of tools , but is on a budget .
 I bought this tool as a starter kit for my new developing hobby . I know that it 's best to buy the more expensive high-quality tools , but for someone who needed a variety of power tools and did n't have the time/money to buy each one separately , this was an excellent choice.Pros : -- Wide range of power tools for a very low price -LRB- $ 99.99 here when purchased here -RRB- -- Cordless -- Well-balanced tools -LRB- battery pack balances out weight distribution of attachments -RRB- -- Nice bag to carry everything in -- Basic accessories included to perform simple tasks -LRB- jigsaw blades , a router bit , mousepad sand paper , etc. -RRB- Cons : -- Weak battery life , especially with router and jigsaw . -- Mediocre power , but sufficient -- Collet on drill does n't tighten strong enough by hand to hold drill bits in solidly with typical hand strength -- Plastic router base is easily damaged/deformed by force -- Push button release to activate jigsaw , router , and circular saw -- No trigger lock -- Typical battery charge with supplied charger is 6-9 hrs -- Battery charger is n't a smart charger so battery can not be left in charger and does n't indicate when battery is fully chargedEven with the long list of cons , I still consider this to be a very good tool for the beginner and someone without many tools . I 've used the * beep * out of these attachments and the worst thing about it is the lack of battery power and how long it takes to recharge a battery . I recommend buying the charger accessory that charges a battery in a little over an hour and is a smart charger -LRB- can leave battery in charger indefinitely and indicates a full battery as well as a defective battery -RRB- . In order to get full use out of this tool set , I would say you need 4 batteries and a quick-charger -LRB- only comes with 2 batteries -RRB- . Still , my main gripes are small to me -LRB- except the battery life -RRB- but they could be major concerns to others . I still highly recommend it unless the cons will frustrate you too much . I am upgrading my power tools piece-by-piece now that I have these tools that will hold me over through the slow process of obtaining them all -LRB- due to monetary reasons -RRB- .
 I first saw the Black and Decker multi-tool at Home Depot , but the one they had only had 3 tools and was only 12 volts . -LRB- Still pretty cool . -RRB- This one has FIVE tools and is 14.4 volts . All the tools are great . You get two batteries , and they last a long time . I 'd rate this as one of the best values in tools I 've ever purchased . I love my Black and Decker multi-tool . -LRB- One improvement though ... a catchier name ... -RRB-
 LIKES1 -RRB- Great price . This use to be 99 $ back then .2 -RRB- Multi tool . 5 tools in one ! Thats like 20 $ each tool .3 -RRB- Comes with spare battery and a nice bag.DISLIKES1 -RRB- Not powerful enough for the router , circ saw2 -RRB- Circ Saw doesnt cut really deep3 -RRB- Router is really miniature4 -RRB- Batteries die fast w / the router , circ saw5 -RRB- A little on the heavy side
 fantastic home use tool . Amazing value as most of the 3 piece kits only come with 12v batteries and average around ... $ . This is a steal at only ... $ -LRB- ps online discount coupons can be found ! I got and additional ... $ off -RRB- with no shipping is fantastic!All the heads work extremely well , and the sander is great for drywall repairs or limited smaller sand down jobs.So far Im extremely happy with mine and would highly reccomend it .
 This thing is n't perfect , but it 's pretty darn close . My wife is opening a small business and we did most of the buildout with the multi-tool . We 've used everything but the router . People complain about the battery life -- no , you can sand an entire door with it -- but if you need to bounce back and forth between drilling and cutting , and knock an edge down with the sander , it 's so great . Sometimes the tools can be tough to pop in and out , and it seems a little heavier than your average drill . But for what you get , the price is absolutely amazing . We highly recommend it .
 After finding out that I had been secretly borrowing my brother 's chop saw to cut shingles , he bought me this kit for Christmas 4 years ago . He showed me how to use each piece and forced me to return demonstrate them all back to him . I am in love with the circular saw !!! I have used it mostly to cut shingles for 3 sides of a summer house -LRB- saving me from having to hack away with a utility knife all summer -RRB- and also sheets of plywood !!! While it does n't cut real thick items , it is perfect for most projects you will need around the house . The drill is great too . The jigsaw is jumpy and I am not nuts for it , but think it is because I do n't really know what I 'm doing . With a little practice you get used to it . Sander works great . I never really have noticed that the batteries run down that fast . I have only used the router once and that was fun . Does n't take up much storage space . Perfect for condos/apartments . I am graduating up to a larger circular saw , but will continue to use this one for smaller projects . This is defnitely one of the best gifts I have ever received . Not threatening at all to women or first timers . Love this product !!! Am online buying one now for a friend .
 This item is very nice looking especially for the price . We installed it in our new mudroom and it looks great .
 I bought this to do a small job with mostly 1 '' Schedule 80 PVC . It works great for the Sch 80 and makes even quicker work of Sch 40 . The little hook has come in more handy than I ever expected to hang it off my ladder .
 Excellent for up to 6 '' PVC . Cuts require some filing/sanding to remove shavings . Sharp , fast , comfortable .
 What can I say -- its a Dewalt and it cuts like a Dewalt . If you ever need to cut PVC , you need this saw . As always , Dewalt has thought this thing out and added little features that make for a better product . And Amazon 's price is certainly right .
 This little saw is great . We had some small trees cut down , and this saw handled cutting the branches , and other small things . Would definitely recommend to anyone who has small sawing jobs to do .
 Fast delivery , great price , very good product , easy to install.Product was in the condition they said it would be.Would buy from this seller again .
 This is a wonderful product . I ca n't believe how well it works . It is amazing . Would recommend with no problem
 We have had a Moen kitchen faucet of well over 10 years . During that period , they have replaced the inner cartridge free of charge . Their customer service is outstanding . Most recently , our Moen faucet started to wobble on the base due to the deterioration of a part under the sink counter . After all this time , Moen customer service sent the part free of charge to rebuid the faucet . As it turned out , the refurbishing of the existing faucet was not possible . So they sent for a nominal fee an entire new faucet assembly as an replacement . Tell me where there is better customer service than that . With that kind of customer care , I am a Moen customer for life as well as my family members who are impressed with the all around consumer care .
 This faucet is the perfect replacement . I really like the flexibility that comes with using this faucet . The seller shipped the item quickly , which was appreciated .
 but loosened up and had to be retightened from the bottom . Looks great . So far works better than American Standard -LRB- 15 years old -RRB- which it replaced .
 This faucet was easy to install , seems built to last -LRB- our last seemed more flimsy - it was a yr old -RRB- and looks great in our kitchen . We wanted something understated but nice looking in our kitchen - this fits the build .
 I work with computers all day . This is my most used tool . The screwdrivers are solid and very useful for assembling/disassembling PC 's , and the blade is great for opening boxes , cutting zip ties , etc. . I do n't know how I lived without this knife . The blade is solid and stays sharp , the deployment is smooth . If you 're thinking about getting this knife vs. a swiss army style knife , get this one . All the tools are substantial and made of a harder steel than the flimsy ones in swiss army knives .
 This knife / tool is a replacement for like kind . I was lost without it and could n't tolerate being without it . I have n't found the old one yet , but I 'm sure I will now that the new one has arrived!You will be glad you purchased this product !
 My knife was in my mailbox in only a couple of days ! It has a great edge and is great for cutting anything.The `` blade launcher '' was difficult to engage at first , but a little adjustment with a T8 bit and an application of silicone oil made the operation much smoother.The inclusion of the carabiner hook and screwdrivers makes it a little bulky -LRB- not a `` gentlemen 's '' knife -RRB- , but the extra tools sometimes come in handy . Hey , it is made by Leatherman , and that 's what they 're about !
 The Qual-Craft shovel works admirably . This item is substantial - heavy-gauge metal and has some weight , which is an advantage . The front edge of the shovel caught nail heads well and pulled up nails and shingles . The teeth are durable . The rear pivot point is large enough to free the shingles and nails from the roof easily by leveraging down on the handle . There is also a slot near the pivot point for pulling nails that are bent away and do n't catch on the front edge teeth . The shovel helped me clear my roof quickly , and was very reasonably priced .
 I just got done doing a roof tear off on my house and used this item . It is very heavy duty . It held up well and performed excellently . I am glad I purchased it . It was easy to use and the ergonomics were quite beneficial . Now that I am done with it I need to list it on Craigslist and move it on .
 Tearing off an old roof is a nasty job , but with the Qual-Craft 2560P 54 '' shingle remover , the job was done quickly and with less pain . The tool is sturdy and designed specially for this very nasty job . Recommended .
 A good quality product that lasts for a around one year and at a fair price.the service was great and they shipped the product fast .
 Be prepared for a good workout when you use this heavy-duty tool , but at the end of the day , you will have a load of shingles stripped off . Excellent at pulling nails . I even used it to pry roof boards up in a demo job .
 The product was very satisfactory and shipped on a timely basis . Your catalog clearly indicated a bonus , small shovel would be included with the purchase of the large shovel . I mentioned this when I placed the order and was told the smaller shovel would also be included in the shipment . It was not with the shipment.Nelson Miller317-392-1187
 This is a savior for my belt , I am a person that goes on diet and sometime forget about it , so got to always switch holes in the belt .
 I used this to punch holes in a too-big leather and calf-hair belt . It worked well and seems sturdy . Useful tool to add to my toolbox !
 This was a far sturdier and heavier tool than it appeared in the description would have easily expected to pay twice the cost for this item .
 This tool is perfect to solve many times belt adjustments . This simple but small tool can help not changing or through loved belts because moving waist sizes
 Good product at a good price without the hassle of going from store to store trying to find the best hole punch . It gets the job done .
 This item works great . It is well made . It will last a life time . I recommend this items to anyone working with leather belts .
 Well made and sturdy . The large hole does not line up perfectly but everything else is mint . I would buy again .
 not well made , but does what it suppoded to do . Some punch rings are irregular , not perfectly round , but overall it 's a handy tool to make additional holes on your belt .
 This product exactly did -LRB- does -RRB- its job for the money . Plus , it was shipped really fast right to my front door .
 I was too lazy to find a professional to punch the holes in my new belt for me , so I bought this and decided to do it myself . Well it works okay , but it 's not sharp enough to cut cleanly through on the first punch , and impossible to line up exactly when you punch it again and . . well you do the math . So for me it was pretty hard to cut perfectly round holes with this . But for the price , it certainly did its job .
 Had 4 belts ` punched ' within minutes of opening the box . Love the rubber grips . If I ever find my old belt punch I will throw it away .
 Works well.I used it on my belts after I lost some weight.Pretty heavy and substantial , seems well made .
 This product is just what I want . It works perfect and makes my belt fits me very well . So just buy it if you really need a this kind of staff .
 Works great . Used it on an old belt to test it out then went straight to the two new belts i had just bought . I could drive an hour to return the belts to the store i purchased them from or just punch in a new hole or two . Cheap and great way to save money . Worked like a charm .
 It has handled my husband 's rough n tough treatment . Works easily and has got my hubby interested in leather working again .
 I received the leather hole punch tool via Amazon Prime within a day without even having to pay the one-day shipping fee . I tried the item out on one of my leather belts and it worked well so far .
 THIS IS A HEAVY DUTY HOLE PUNCHER AN I LOVE IT . IT IS VERY STRONG AN HEAVY DUTY ANY ONE LOOKING FOR A LEATHER HOLE PUNCH THIS THE PRODUCT U MUST GET !! YOU CA N'T GO WRONG ON THIS TOOL . .
 Just need to twist handles with pressure , work great . I did need to super gluse handle grips , they wanted to come off .
 I had to loosen the screw that holds the hole puncher wheel in place , but after that it was really easy to use , easier than I thought it would be actually . I have a ton of belts that I wanted to punch so I could wear differently , also some purse straps that I wanted to shorten . Great tool ! Sturdy and well built .
 This is a really high quality product ! ~ i recently purchased this item and i have used it more than 20times ! its really easy and really tough to break ! i highly recommend it !!!
 I bought it used it to punch a hole in a belt . Worked well . Appears well made . n What else can you say about a leather punch .
 I needed an item just like this and was very useful and accomplished the job I needed it for .
 Hole punch is very handy for belts and watch bands and is of good quality and great price . Easy to change hole sizes .
 SE Leather Hole Punch Tool , Heavy Duty 2.0 mm - 4.5 mm is so good ~ the price is good too , good good good good good
 Happy to use this tool , would be very useful for think belts.For thick ones . . the holes wo n't be perfect.Got a nice grip , and many hole options .
 I once saw someone on YT used this for their belts and I decided to get one too , esp . since I have a small waist and there would n't be enough holes on the belt to fit . I am glad I bought it bc it works great . I have only used it one time but no difficulty at all . I gave it a 4 star because it was a bit difficult to switch to different hole size . But other than that , definitely a great buy !
 Leather punch arrived on time and exactly as described . It does have some blue plastic pieces in it - ? why ? - I was able to remove all of them and the punch itself has worked very well for my needs thus far -LRB- leather belts -RRB- . Recommended !
 Excellent product , sharp enough to cut through dual layered leather belt . I got this belt in 3 days . I have no complaints . It 's working so good .
 What can you say about a leather punch ? It works just fine . As advertised . I saw another reviewer that said the scrap release whole was closed . I did not have that problem . Maybe they should have sent it back since it was obviously a production flaw . However , in the punch that I received , all size hole punches were sharp and released the scrap just fine . Happy Punching !
 Gets the job done . Easy to use . To make it work easier , try using on a smooth hard surface -LRB- trying to do it just with your hands can be tiring -LRB- hand cramps -RRB- and tedious -RRB- ...
 I bought this tool to punch holes in a few belts I had . An excellent tool that does the job well.There is even a safety latch on this punch that prevents its jaws from opening , so that fingers do not get caught accidentally . A really nice design . As I did not expect any such safety mechanism , it took me a couple of minutes to figure out how to open the punch wide enough to insert a belt between its jaws . For those like me , here is how you release the safety catch : Rotate the different sized punches until the brass colored surface on the other jaw is in between two punches . Then , hold the punch in one hand and press the punch in a few millimeters . With the other hand , rotate clockwise the little latch that is located near the part where the two jaws cross over each other . Now the jaws will open wide .
 I have alot of belts that are too big or too small , this tool has done theneat and clean job of punching holes where I need them to fit properly.It is not hard to use and every hole punch is right on the tool no need toremove and change for different size hole punches .
 I ordered this hole punch to put holes in some belt that I have . I feel like for different pants the belt may need to be a bit tighter so I thought a couple of extra holes here and there would help out . When this arrived I immediately began punching holes and I did not have any problems with it . It was worth the money to get more life out of the belts that I already have ! I am happy with this purchase and do n't think that I could ever wear it out .
 I purchased this so I could punch some holes in a leather panel -LRB- cut into hearts -RRB- and sew the hearts onto knitted slippers as an anti-skid precaution . Works perfectly for my crafting needs
 Bought this item for my husband who needed it for punching holes in gaskets - he 's really pleased with the quality .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . My son needed to adjust his belt to a smaller size without purchasing a new one . Thanks alot !
 I found this to be a ery good product for adjusting the size on good belts that no longer fit ! So simple to use , there were not even any instructions .
 I am very petite and can never find belts that fit me . I finally decided to get a leather hole punch but had no idea who to use one or if it would work.I purchased this one b/c it had good reviews and honestly was very cheap!I 'm so glad I did . So far I 've only used it to punch holes in one belt but it worked very well and I 'm 100 % satisfied .
 Product seems to work as advertised the price was good , it worked well on my dogs collar , I would buy again .
 Well , this is one of those things you think you might need someday , but not a necessary item , right ? Two days after it arrived , I had to use it to punch holes in my son 's belt ! Worked like a charm . Very easy to use and well made .
 i have been looking to buy a hole punch for my belts and i was skeptical about this product before i laid my hands on it few days ago . It absolutely works and my belts have now found a new life and changed my clothes.love it !
 This is an excellent tool for punching holes on leather goods , especially useful for punching holes in leather belts . This is a sturdy and easy to use hole puncher . It can save you some money on tailoring costs . I would definitely recommend it .
 This is a great tool to punch holes in belts that do n't fit . There are multiple hole sizes to choose from so you can punch a hole on your belt that matches the size of the other holes - great product .
 I was looking for a cheap and inexpensive leather hole bunch for my leather belts and this is it . Even though its not as cheap as I thought , I 'm satisfied . It has options of different sizes from which you can chose from to fit your choice . .
 We actually bought this to punch holes in fleece fabric to make it easier to blanket stitch . Worked like a charm !
 My husband has started making upcycled belts out of old bicycle tires and he says this tool works perfectly to make the belt holes !
 Very well built , solid . It glided easily through my thick belt with no trouble , the whole mechanism works and feels great .
 I am extremely pleased with this product , it was worth every cent . I received the product within 2 days or so of ordering it & I only used a standard shipping method . Also , the product worked perfectly , & got the job done immediately . I was concerned about the quality of this product due to the small cost , but I was proven wrong & I am 100 percent satisified with my purchase .
 This is perfect for adding holes to belts . I 'm glad I chose the heavy duty version , because it seems sturdy . It 's a little big for my hands , but still easy to use .
 This tool was very well worth the money . It did the job and was easy to use . Far better then the one it replaced .
 A simple tool . Easy to adjust . Bought it to punch additional holes in my belts . Works perfectly .
 I was so happy to receive this item . Used it right away and was so happy that it did the job and looked very professional . Saved me quite a bit of money and I know I will get much more use out of it .
 Punch all sizes of hoses in leather or whatever . This punch works really well . Wish I had more use for it .
 This leather punch does a great job . It 's not as heavy duty as others I have owned but is worth the money I spent for this one .
 Use it on horse tack and my son 's belt . No issues with sharpness or quality . I 've punched some reasonably thick leather quite easily .
 Works great ! I 'm glad I bought it because I always need an extra hole or two on my belts . I recommend it highly .
 No more hammering a nail through my belt . This device works as designed . Not much more to say . Worth the money .
 This is a handy tool to have around . It is made quite well . Better than I thought it would be .
 used the tool to makes holes for spikes in some denim & leather pieces , & & turned out great ... not reccommended for heavey/repeated use tho . . but good for simple stuff
 Finally I have tool that will solve a problem that was bothering me for some time , now I can size up my belt to fit good
 I used this product to create an additional eyelet in my shoes . It worked well . It may not do as well on belts and heavier items . It is fairly easy to use . To change sizes go from smaller to larger .
 Great Product for home and professional , like it a lot . Different MM size holes option makes it more useful and practical
 Very happy with hole puncher . It gives you options for different size holes . Worked immediately with no instructions and exceeded my expectations . i would certainly recommend one .
 I ruined a couple of belts trying to make holes with scissors , with nails , and It simply does not work . Taking the belt to the shoe repair store will cost you more than what you paid for the belt , not counting the time you spend on the trip , . . This leather hole punch does a great job . It has different hole sizes , it 's not heavy and very easy to use . I had to punch strongly , though , but the holes came out perfect . For the price and the quality , this guy earns 5 stars .
 This leather hole punch does what it promises . The packaging does not come with instructions for use so it 's a little tricky to figure out . To use it , you have to unlock the clasp on the side of the hole punch , then push the dial to the hole size you want . I have not tried the smaller holes but the medium-large holes are working perfectly . Sometimes you have to get it on the other size to get a clean hole , but it 's not difficult to do . It could be better , but for the price , it 's hard to beat .
 This is a well made tool , easy to operate and does the job without fuss . Glad I got it , now I can use some of my favorite leather belts a few more years.Dennis
 Works pretty well for what i need . seems pretty sturdy . Would n't be my choice for dress belts and would be better with ovsl or elongated hole .
 Yes . I am impressed with the product . It worked fine . Price V/S work performed by tool is excellent . you do n't need to spend $ 15 / $ 20 for pricey tool which work just like this Hole Punch .
 I was worried that the dial on this product might be hard for me to turn , but it works so smoothly ! I could easily select the right size . The hole for belts is perfect . It is a wonderful tool .
 I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . The hole punch tool , pretty much punches through anything I 've put through it . Of course tougher leather might require more pressure , but that 's a given , and people should know that before buying it . It does n't deserve to be taken down a star rating just because of that . I 've punched through all my leather belts and have had zero problems with this tool , I love it . I just wish I had more stuff to punch through : -RRB-
 Unless you lose it or give it away , this classic piece is good for life . The product thatkeeps on giving .
 I bought this because I am constantly in need of adding new holes to my belts and using a knife was fraying them terribly . This punch has a great selection of sizes and it is very easy to use . Definitely recommend it .
 Having several belts , etc. that needed an extra hole -LRB- or two ! -RRB- I did some on-line research to identify something that could do the trick , without costing a -LRB- w -RRB- hole lot of cash - since this is a gadget that wo n't be in daily use . I looked at several punches , and read the varying reviews on them ; but in the end I selected this `` PROFESSIONAL '' puncher . I 'm glad I did . It does a very good job , although you may need to use some extra exertion/punch to pierce through a thick leather belt . The punch is solidly made , easy to use , and has a good selection of various-sized punch holes . The only negative I could spot is the relatively flimsy safety catch . Otherwise , would I buy it again - definitely .
 This is an amazing , light weight , easy to use leather punch . I have used it to make additional holes in belts as well as holes in plastic crafts . You can easily change the size punch for different size holes . I 'm glad I found this one !
 The reason I want to buy a hole puncher is that I am too skinny . When I go to walmart to buy a belt after my old one was worn out , I ca n't find a proper size -- each belt is too large for me . I found the store manager and asked him whether there is any hole punching service in the store . But regrettably , I got a negative answer.I gave up and went online to buy a belt , choosing a smallest size available . I like the belt 's style . Still , it is a bit loose for me . So I figured out I have to get a hole puncher . Then I came to amazon to try to find a tool with good reviews . But nearly every hole puncher has some negative reviews . I did n't see any puncher whose positive review exceeds 96 % . So I decided not to care about the reviews , and just selected this one , because it looks solid and powerful , with a not-so-high price.Today the puncher arrives , and I instantly use it to punch my newly bought leather belt , like a breeze . After two more holes punched , the belt fits my waist perfectly.Just want to share my pleasant shopping experience with someone who also wants to find a proper hole puncher .
 This item is a great tool , it 's also good how it looks , the way it feels aslo the way the item works.This item is the right tool for the job , it also makes nice hole for your belt and the dial also turns easily to helps you pick the right size to want to use .
 The hole puncher works pretty well . Only negative is that it does n't allow for much space for the belt between the puncher and the base . I have to squeeze the belt into the gap . Otherwise , ca n't complain .
 When you 're as thin as I am , this is a must have . Works great for adding an extra belt hole .
 I had bought a new purse and one of the straps broke a week after the purchase . I had bought the purse in another state and could not easily return it , so I ordered the leather punch and reattached the strap . The punch was very easy to use and worked well . The job was done in less than 10 minutes . The purse is back in service .
 While I have no doubt that this gadget also works well for punching holes in leather belts , I used it to punch an extra hole in my shoe buckle strap . Worked perfectly . It also works well for punching holes in anything less sturdy than leather . Works equally well for cloth and some thin plastic . I 'm pleased .
 product works exactly the way its suppose to . easy use and great results thank you .
 works great . except the spring clip which acts as a stop for slecting the punch -LRB- makes it stop in proper location -RRB- can bend easily causing the punch to stop off-center of the anvil.i just bent it back to correct spot .
 I decided to spring for the extra few bucks fot the `` heavy duty '' model and I 'm glad I did . It does a fine job and looks and feels like it will last a lifetime .
 It is & seems to be a good , reliable , & strudy product . I like the way it feels as though is means to buisness . The wieght -LRB- sp -RRB- is light & grip is sturdy .
 I bought this couple of weeks back and it works perfect , good for the price . I tried couple og my leather belts it worked as expected .
 This hole punch was exactly what I needed . It worked perfect with my watch bands and it 's a great price !
 We needed this product for scout camp . This was a real good price and was shipped on time . Looking forward to using them this summer .
 I had this product sent to an address I no longer had access to . The CSR I worked with , Alex , was extremely helpful and was able to send me a replacement at no additional cost ; no questions asked.5-Stars for ACCStop who took care of my issue when they really did n't have to .
 It is made sturdy so you do not have to worry about the handles or head of the punch bending like some of the cheaper models . Good news is the latch has a screw that lets you remove it and bend it back into shape .
 great product . it works well and consistently . this product arrived very fast . the sellers work quick to fix an issue I had .
 Instrument is very handy . It made all the holes I needed in three of my belts . Much easier than finding a repair shop.Very good value .
 I had been directed by several of my weaving & spinning friends to go to a local discount store for this item . Being dissatisifed with the quality I searched in Amazon 's Leather Hole Punch Tool , found this one priced in my price range , ordering & shipping was amazing , 2 days and I had my punch tool . The ease of working with this tool is very rewarding , comfortable to use does not make the hand or forearm tired . I would highly recommend this item for any crafter needing to punch . I will be making more leather vests in the very near future , due to this item .
 I purchased this hole punch to make Tarahumara Running Sandals - the homemade sandals used by the Tarahumara Indians of northern Mexico 's Copper Canyons who are the world 's greatest ultra-marathon runners -LRB- 50-100 mile running races -RRB- . If you like a good book check this out : Born to Run.Back to this product ... I used this to punch shoe lace holes into 4mm thick Vibram shoe rubber . The hole punch worked well enough - punching the hole through the rubber , but requiring me to pick it out with my finger tips . If the hole punch were a little sharper , the hole would have been clean.To adjust the hole punch size , a screw driver is needed to loosen the metal tab so that the wheel head can rotate . Not exactly a quick method , but it does keep the hole punch secure.Works well enough for limited use .
 This product works great on my assorted belts . I 'm losing weight and the ability to punch some extra holes in my belts mean I do n't need to purchase any new , and expensive , belt until I have reached my goal weight and am stabilized . Highly recommended for the thrifty shopper .
 I bought it to punch holes in my belts . It gets the job done . a really handy tool to keep
 Punched some new holes in my belts and worked great . Had to punch through both sides to get it clean through . I 'd recommend if you 'll use once in a while like me .
 Works fine ! Came in the specified time ! Looks so pretty ! Handles wonderfully ! Gosh its a beautiful day today in California !
 Really great tool that made fighting with a screw driver no longer necessary . You have to ideally punch a whole from both sides -LRB- depending on the thickness of the belt -RRB- , but it 's well made , sturdy and feels like quality . You will have new holes in your belt in no time . It also has a handle lock -LRB- simimar to pliers -RRB- , so it can be easiy stored in a tool box . Would definitely recommend it .
 I love my purchase and was very happy and satisfied with it I used it on a leather wallet and it worked great thanks . Denise
 I was expecting something rather chinsy for the price , but this gets the job done well . Great price for a great product .
 this item arrived on time , ordered it as a gift for sister-in-law and she 's happy with it . She wanted it to punch holes in her belt because she 's tiny .
 Maybe because my belt is kind of thick , so I took efforts to punch a hole.But I think it is a good product .
 It does the job and works fine if you use it properly . I liked it very much and the price is also good .
 I lost some weight and didnt want to throw away my belts that were very expensive ... I also didnt want to put a hole in my belt with just anything because the stress created at the puncher point could start ripping . So I did some research and found out about this leather hole punch tool . This works great . It looks professional . And the hole is strong .
 I am able to add more holes to all my belts . This is not hard for me to use although I 'm a little weakling . Twisting the hole puncher left and right will help for holes through really thick belts . It 's very heavy duty so will prob last a long time .
 I have wanted a leather punch for belts for a long time . After researching , I chose this one . It works great and I have used it many many times on all my belts . It cuts quickly and clean . I recommend this tool .
 I 've had this hole puncher for at least a year now and I just love it ! Reasonably priced and does what it 's supposed to do . My husband uses it for his belts on regular basis -LRB- time for the gym ! -RRB- . Saves time not to have to run to a shoemaker 's store just for a hole :--RRB- Thank you , Amazon !
 We have horses and anyone that has them knows that on occasion you need a product like this to fix all your leather accessories and so much moire . I used this product many times to adjust stirrups , saddle buckles and so on .
 Well , its working so far . doing what its suppose to do . make holes in belts . its a very old school tool , but it works like a charm . does n't bring any real instructions on how to use it . but it does n't need it any , its simple and quick to make holes . Just have use a bit of ` elbow grease ' to turn the knob and to make a hole in the belt .
 Good punch ! Sometimes a little difficult to turn the knobs but after a couple of uses , it 's smooth !
 This hole puncher did a great job . Now I do n't have to fight to lose weight when I can punch holes in belts that have become too small . This tool was a little hard to use at first because it came with no instructions but I was able to finger it out after tinkering with it for a few minutes . I highly recommend this to anyone .
 this one does it . bought it to put some more holes in the belt that I bought with too few holes . it worked very well for that . it will be a good tool to have around the house for any holes that need to be punched out correctly .
 This product has saved me alot of $ because I can get more wear from my belts while dieting . The punch is not difficult to use and it 's fast . Would recommend the product .
 I bought this belt hole puncher because the belt i bout was to big and did n't want to take it back . so i was n't sure how it would work and its a very simple tool that is easy and convenient.I wish i knew about it before i wouldnt have ruined good belts trying to use a nail to make a whole in them
 I have absolutely no complain about this . It was cheap , and the two times that I used it , it did the job beautifully . It puts perfect holes into my belts . Could n't have asked for more .
 Great product - I love the price and the quality of this product . I am working on a variety of projects and love this tool ! My husband has been losing weight and it will help to add more holes to his belt too !
 I always have to add more holes to my belts , and this is the perfect tool for it . This is a well made tool , it feels sturdy , and it works just as I expect it to .
 This product met my expectations completely and was a better buy than other vendors offered . The tool works well and is easy to maintain
 A bit difficult to use , and hard to empty the holes of the punched leather -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . But it served the purpose , my belts now fit !
 This product is very good and safe . Handle lock provides storage safety.Making holes is very easy using this product
 This leather hol punch did the job necessary on my duty leather belt . It is not something I recommend for someone who does leather craftwork or needs a punch for animal tack etc. . It is a good occasional punch for belts and the like . If you want something that 's inexpensive and gets the job done , this will work . If you do a lot of work , have weak hands or need something that will punch a hole in a bridle or rein , get a more expensive one with longer hand grips .
 I bought this tool to make my belts fit . It was easy to use . It worked great . Now all my belts that were too big fit . I recommend this punch .
 very good tools for diferents purpose , it help me in many way , very usefull divece , very good cuality
 I purchased this leather hole punch tool to add some additional holes to a triple-stitched bison leather belt that is approximately 1/8 '' thick . The product works as advertised ; however , the orange comfort grips are able to spin freely on the handles . I recommend punching the hole with the product , then keeping the handles pressed while rotating the unit side-to-side approximately 45-degrees to guarantee a clean cut.I had no problems with the unit successfully punching three new holes into my thick bison leather belt .
 very nice made well , have not had a chance to use it yet , happy with purchase .
 this item does what it says it would do . nothing to figure out very simple to use and looks pretty heavy duty .
 Heavy duty enough for moderate use . Package is marked with hole diameters in inches but tool is marked in milimeters . So , you have to convert .
 Looks to be worth a few extra buck over some others I have seen . Should do all the punching I need for many years .
 Purchased this product to add a loop to an old favorite belt . Works like a charm and could n't beat the price . Delivered to my house w / in just a few days . No complaints and I would recommend this product to a friend .
 This product does exactally what it says on the tin . It 's well made from strong metal . The punching action is simple and smooth . I had a pretty thick belt which I needed some extra holes on and it did them with ease . The handles are good for the odd punch here and there , but if this is a tool you are going to use for extended periods of time , you might want to put a better grip on it.The price that I paid made this item a steal , so anything under $ 10 is a bargain I think.Overall - Pleased with the product , did exactally what I wanted !
 Just what I was looking for to add holes to my belt . The prongs were nice and sharp and penetrated easily through the leather . I am satisfied with this purchase .
 I do n't have a whole lot to say other than this product works like it should and was worth the price .
 The holes I made with this are indistinguishable from the original holes of my belts.Works easy enough . You just need to squeeze hard if you have a thicker belt , but that 's normal.Great gadget , a must have .
 Works nice on my leather belts , the holes made are clean . Heavy duty as it is as I tried it with different leather thickness ... Five stars product !!!
 I bought a new belt , but needed to add one more hole to fit me . Did n't want to pay $ 10 to get someone to punch a hole , so I decided to buy the hole puncher . The hole puncher came in a cheap packaging . The tool smelled and felt like it was submerged in oil . So I used a paper towel wrapped around the handles in holding the hole puncher . Adjusting the wheel -LRB- in selecting the size of the hole -RRB- was a little hard . Had to put some pressure and be careful not to pinch my finger . The tool worked fine however . I punched the hole with no problem . Then used it again to punch a hole in the leather band for my watch . Worked fine.It did n't come with instruction , but it was pretty easy to figure out how to use it . All in all , it worked as advertised .
 Was really worried not knowing what to expect . Used it as soon as it arrived & worked great . Used it to punch extra holes on my purse leather strap . I have no upper body strength & was no problem to use this . Created holes with minimal effort from me . For the price of this product , I 'm happy with the quality I got . I highly recommend to anyone .
 The only downside to this product is that you have to use a screw drive to change from one size to the other .
 After turning pens & bottle stoppers -LRB- mostly out of acrylics -RRB- , I started using Corina & other solid surface materials . Came across the Ring Master & thought this would be a great addition to my inventory of items for the local craft shows I attend . Turned my 1st bowl out of Corian the day after I got it . I had gotten many pieces from a local fabricator who had all these sink cut outs just laying around for free ! I watched the Wooden Post video on Corian & thought I could do this . Not much different then what I have been doing with the pens & bottle stoppers . Mind you , I never turned a bowl before , but using this machine -LRB- I selected the variable speed model because of the Corian -RRB- was really a piece of cake.Cutting just 3 pieces of 6 '' diameter Corian in two different colors , I was able to make 2 small bowls & still have a couple of rings left over for my next turning session . The instructions are a bit lite when it comes to everything this machine can do , but it 's just like any other well built machine in that it does have a learning curve . The Wooden Post has many videos -LRB- just wish they would rent them instead on buying them at about $ 24 ea -RRB- . After watching them a few times , you have all the information you need . I would recommended this item for anybody who wants to turn really nice bowls w/o the hassle of wasting a lot of material & time.John MajzunHome Medic , Inc.General Repair & RemodelingAtlanta , GA404 .313.7334
 I purchased a few of the small shingle removers for my guys and they all love it . It 's a great tool for hard to reach places such as hips , valleys , dormers , and it really works great for removing the flashing from around chimneys . We 've done a number of strip jobs useing this tool and have had no problems at all . If you use the tool the way it 's intended to be used and not as a pry bar it works great . I highly recomend it . It really makes a tough job allot easier .
 Bought a used sink on craigslist that did not have these clips . J-Channel is pretty thin aluminum so care must be taken when tightening . I cinched them up with a cordless driver then finished with a hand screwdriver
 This tool lets you pull sill plates -LRB- the bottem plate of a wall -RRB- to the snap line . This is especially time saving on raising an outside sheethed wall above the first floor where going outside and applying pressure is difficult at best . You just jamb one end of this tool in the sill plate , and the other in the sub floor and the handle gives you the leverage you need to take out most bows . I build the best walls in the world . You should too .
 wrong item but Amazon took it back and credit me fast ... no complaints about the service for sure
 I have had this blade for quite a few years , and it is a must for many demolition jobs . I have used it often to cut completely through a roof from the shingles down to the rafters . It goes through nails like butter . I give this blade 5 stars , mainly because it does a great job , but also because it 's the only one I can find !
 What can you say about home wiring ? It works like it should , and is packaged as I expected it to be .
 I have a tractor and small backhoe that I need to grease before use . They each have 16 to 20 grease points . In the past it has taken me a whole tube of grease for each of them to do a decent job of greasing them . This unit allows me to buy grease in the 25-25 lb buckets -LRB- about five gallons -RRB- which is both more economical and easier since I do n't have to restart a new tube constantly.The only criticism I have is that the unit really needs a longer high pressure hose , but I was able to buy a 50 foot one from another source and that did the trick !
 I purchased this saw to remove old wooden frame windows in our house . So far the windows are still in the house but I have used the saw for cutting rebar , wood , replacing rotten decking and pruning . So as you can see it has a miriad of uses . The saw is powerful and will cut a lot of stuff before needing a charge . When a charge is required , if you are used to NiCad batteries , you are in for a pleasant suprise . Charge time is quick ! The saw is also light enough to use with one hand in tight positions . All in all a great product .
 Dewalt always provides quality products . This saw blade works very well in my circular saw and I will order again in the future . Blade was exactly as described and shipped very quickly .
 This is a wonderful tool for straightening and aligning walls . It may be a bit expensive for what it is , and could easily be fabricated by anyone with a welder and a little common sense.However , when compared to the time and labor involved with springing and bracing walls with 2 x 4 's , a few of these braces on the job make life a lot easier and save time , energy , & money .
 These wall braces do exactly what they are supposed to do . Makes it a lot easier to line a wall with only one person . They are expensive in my opinion for what they do though . A product called a form leveler for concrete work does the same thing with a adjustable brace and a 2x4 . The length of these make them best suited for 8 or 9 foot walls , where the form leveler is infinite with the length of the 2x4 and much less expensive .
 This is a repeat purchase that is based on past good experience using this product to easily align and hold new walls in straight position during early construction phase.The items are simple durable and effective . Their use makes following activities better by having straight walls.Qual-Craft 2620 Adjustable Wall Brace
 This Pee-Vee is a very helpful tool for aligning the bottom plates of walls when framing . The Qual Craft version is very well made of high quality material - it will probably last forever under normal use .
 If you want to put the squeeze on your hose no worries here , you have the tool to do it .
 I picked up the 96 peice set awhile ago . I feel that it is a perfect kit for around the home , under the car or for fixing little Johnny 's bike . I ca n't understand why some folks seem to want to bash the Stanley line of Pro . Mechanic 's tools . Stanley offers a nice basic kit for the average folk . If I were a mechanic I 'd probably own Snap-On -LRB- or something of similar caliber -RRB- , but I 'd still have one of these sets around for the heck of it.I like the blow molded case where all my sockets sit rightfuly in their place . Some can be a bit stubborn to remove -LRB- That 's where Mr. screwdriver comes in -RRB- . The sockets themselves are hardened using Cr-V -LRB- Crome Vandium -RRB- and are 12 points . The longer 3/8 sockets come in 6pts which is nice as do the 1/4in sockets.The 1/4 & 3/8 ratchets provided are highly polished and have a fine machined quality to them . They also seem to have a higher tooth count , maybe 40 , definitely not 36 -RRB- I would rate them much higher than the standard and mid-level Craftsman ratchets -LRB- but the thin profile Craftman are still much better -RRB- . Also , the Stanley ratchets fit and feel very good in my hand and have a good weight to them . It 's a joy using them.This set also includes 2 open end wrenches -LRB- 7/16 -3 / 8 & 9/16 -1 / 2 -RRB- also highly polished and very strong . Two 3in . extensions are provided for each ratchet , as well as a nice screwdriver with 8 interchangable tips -LRB- Phillips and Slotted -RRB- . A 5/8in spark plug socket is included for those shade-tree mechanics , as is a 9 piece SAE hex key set.For whom it may matter to . This Stanley mechanic 's set is made in Taiwan -LRB- but built to Stanley 's specifications -RRB- . If this is not a problem , then you have a good set of tools at your disposal.Stanley also extends a Lifetime Warranty on their tools -LRB- as long as you know that it 's a ratchet and not a chisel or hammer -RRB- . All you need do is send them the defected part and they mail you back a new one . If that is too much , then you can just go to Sears -LRB- freedom of choice is a wonderful thing -RRB- . -LRB- btw - for those who might not have known . Stanley used to make ratchets for Sears Craftsman line when they were considered good -RRB-
 I found the mechanic tool set to work excellent for the auto mechanic projects that I performed -LRB- I am the furthest thing from a professional mechanic -RRB- . I probably would n't advise a professional mechanic to purchase this set but I 'm sure they would n't anyway . The tool set is well made and very sturdy . The only gripe I have is that one of the locking tabs on the case broke the first time I closed it so now the case has only one locking tab -LRB- something Stanley may want to fix it the future -RRB- . I give it five stars because for the price it 's an excellent buy .
 I bought this set because I need to have both metric and inch tools for repairs . Very durable and good quality . Recommended !!!!!!!!
 Very pleased with tool set . Arrived in a timely manner with all pieces and case in very good condition . Used some of the tools to make some repairs . Rachet action on tools was very good and did what I expected . Ca n't go wrong for the price .
 theese tools are handy and easy to cary in their case they cover most needed sizes to work on things
 I bought this set to start working on my car . It comes in a heavy duty plastic case and can be taken anywhere . The set is well made and I already used it to fix my bike and on my car . One review stated that there was no information about whether it was SAE or metric . I went to Stanley 's website and found it was both . Good tool set , but the measurements should be listed .
 This was a great purchase . Have a portable air compressor that plugs into a cigerette lighter . The fuse blew in the plug and could not find the unusually small size in any store or auto parts store . This outlet had the correct size . Saved me from having to buy a new compressor . Fuse worked great .
 This was the only exact replacement I could find.It worked perfectly .
 I 'm a woodworker , so I use these to sharpen tools -LRB- mainly chisels , planes , scrapers , and turning tools -RRB- I 've used oil stones , japanese waterstones , DMT diamond stones and now these . I like these better than all of the others.Here 's the pros : You can use them dry -LRB- but I would use them with just a little water and a drop of dishwashing soap -RRB- . They are not very messy -LRB- compared to the others -RRB- They cut fast -LRB- japanese waterstones being the fastest -RRB- They are super hard and wear very slowly -LRB- I 'd say better than the DMT diamond stones -RRB- They stay flat -LRB- only the DMT are as flat -RRB- Cons : They do n't come in as fine a grit/micron . Only 2 '' wideI can get just as good an edge as the japanese waterstones , without the mess and all of the flattening.I use a grinder and worksharp to get a good initial edge -LRB- if there is damage or a new bevel needed -RRB- then use the stones -LRB- medium , fine , ultra-fine -RRB- to hone , then strop with simichrome on some leather/MDF . I get a great edge fast , so I can get back to work .
 The Fluke model 561 infrared thermometer is an excellent buy . It is the only IR thermometer that I found under $ 250 that had an adjustable emissivity . Since not all surfaces radiate infrared equally , this can be a very important feature . The model 561 also can accept K type thermocouples for use in making contact temperature measurements . As an added feature , this model comes with a special K type theromocouple mounted in a velcro strap for wrapping around pipes for direct contact measurements . The plastic case is nice , too . I researched every model of IR thermometer under $ 500 for a month , and this was the best that I found . The only drawback is that the switch that changes between Celcius and Farenheit is inconveniently located inside the battery compartment .
 I needed an I/R thermometer to check and monitor my engines in my radio controlled miniature aircraft.I used lesser brands but they seemed to read lower than I thought , and I researched for at least three months and finally decided on a Fluke 561 . I will use no other unit , this works flawlessly good solid readings no fluctuation like the others , they would change at least twenty degrees as you were holding on one spot.This unit gives steady accurate readings on my five cylinder radial engine so I can modify my air baffles in order to keep all cylinders close to the same temperature.I also have found countless other uses for it , I could write a book.You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 Easy to read display , We will use it in the field , As all fluke 's instruments , they are very reliable and accurate , my only observation is the K thermocouple reading does not have decimals , it give you full numbers , this feature would give a big plus for the instrument .
 This thing was pricey but definitely worth the money . The product works as advertised by Fluke . No problems with it at all . I just point it , pull the trigger and then stick it back in the case and I know the gun will turn itself off .
 I did extensive research on IR thermometers , how they work , they various fetures , reliability , accuracy , ease of use , and practical application around the home . I selected the Fluke because they have a steller professional reputation for quuality products . I wanted a unit that I could gain home-use value and this unit has provided all I expected . With the Fluke 561 I can now properly adjust my refridgerator-freezer so it produces ice-maker output correctly -LRB- need ZERO degrees F. in freezer -RRB- and my refrigerator is n't freezing the food -LRB- 34-38 degrees F. -RRB- . I can check my stove and oven temperatures , most food surface temperatures -LRB- not internal -RRB- and best of all I can verify the my Air Conditioning/Heat Pump units are producing the correct temperature ouputs to keep my family comfortable . The Fluke 561 is easy to use and Fluke has a lot of useful information about IR THermometers and how they can be used .
 This is one of the most versatile IR thermometers we 've used . once you start thinking of ways to use it , it is an extremely useful tool . We use it to check for insulation leaks in houses , cooking , and diagnosis of automobile problems . Awesome -- Thanks
 Always wanted one of these tools , it makes it easy to collect data for plots of warm/cold points in our experiments .
 Recieved my 561 today - 1st reading looked good , then subsequent readings ... blank lit screen , after removing and re-installing the batteries several times , it was the same , 1st good reading then blank screen with lazer functional ... this caused me to believe that the new Energizer batteries that came with it were bad ... bought new batteries and the unit works fine.The exact readings are not a fluke ... the readings are exact because it is a Fluke !
 I use this product as a tool for sales . I visit many different manufacturing operations involving high temperature bearings . The customer usually does not the actual temperature of bearings in operation . This tool has enabled me to acquire live temperature reading to assist the customer in bearings selection . This is an easy to use tool that has saved our customers thousands of dollars .
 Me ha Gustado Bastante ... ha sido un muy buen complemento para mi trabajo , me ha servido mucho , definitivamente no me arrepiento de haberlo adquirido . lo recomiendo muy buen producto ,
 For the price , I was pleased with the quality of the tools . Although I saw that some reviewers did not like the tools that were made in China and preferred the tools made in Taiwan , I could find only one minor defect in the whole set and even that was a cosmetic defect on one socket.My set was made in China . I compared my tools with a Craftsman set -LRB- made in USA -RRB- that 's 25 years old and they are not quite as heavy duty but for the price and for the amount of use they will get -LRB- typical homeowner -RRB- I think they are an unbelievable value . Plus the selection of sockets far surpasses what I had in my craftsman set . They are not in any way junky and they operate well and have a nice finish . Everything that was supposed to be in the set was , and although a few sockets were loose on delivery , the case seems able to hold them for the most part . My craftsman case broke a long time ago . PLus they have a lifetime warranty . I really do n't think you can go wrong with this set .
 As a household handy man , this set provides a good selection of tools , the quality looks good and the guarantee makes it a good value . The Stanley name has a good rep and I expect these to last a lifetime . On receipt , though , the contents were skewed throughout the case and , I suspect this will happen often as the case gets more use . I think this would be the most common complaint associated with this product . I 'm happy with the tools , though .
 I bought this tool set for my husband as a Christmas present . It arrived very quickly . It was rather heavy for me to carry in to the the house though , but what did I expect ... it 's supposed to be heavy duty . When my husband opened it , he was really excited and impressed . There is a huge variety of tools for every need , and they were arranged nicely in the case . One thing though , at times some of the tools slip out of their places when the case is closed or carried.It 's a good product nonetheless !!
 No doubt there are better tools and even better tool cases out there - but at what cost?I 've used Stanley for 20 years , and recently bought this set when I purchased a new Land Rover.Great selection of tools , really nice quality on the sockets and wrenches , and the ratchets are well made with a smooth action and easy quick release.Reversing direction is easy to do one handed , but not easy to do accidentally.Size selection is a base kit PLUS , and will cover 99 % of most auto jobs on US or European vehicles . Extras like hex drivers are great - could do with some Torx bits to be truely complete .
 I bought a Craftsman detail jointer , and true to style for Sears , they discontinued selling the biscuits used by their tool ! The screw-top containers are a bonus , too!I use these to atach thin strips on picture frame molding . They do real well where regular biscuits are too large .
 This are hard to find so i purchased a few they are made of wood not paper like other small biscuits are . Wood is stronger and better
 Was n't the fastest shipping , -LRB- I had two other products from other venders in my order , both arrived days before this one -RRB- However , the product was just as desrcibed . There are other companies that still make these -LRB- for now -RRB- . I bought all three sizes so I would have them on hand just in case they are discontinued .
 Amazon was the only place I could find the R2 biscuits . Product was shipped quickly and was exactly what i needed . would recommend to everyone .
 These small biscuits are great for making small project such as doll beds for the grand daughter Bunk beds and anything else they might want grand dad to make for them These BISCUITS are getting very hard to find AMAZON DOES A GREAT JOB of keeping them on hand Keith
 This set rivals Sear 's higher quality rachets but is a step below SK or Snap-On . But for the price that 's to be expected.The 1/4 '' rachet was missing it 's retaining ring , an obvious manufacturing/assembling defect . However , Stanley Toolscustomer service quickly remedied the problem .
 This is one very versatile tool set . The only thing missing is a set of needle-nosed pliers . Other than that , the tools are of good quality and should be able to handle most jobs of the jobs you would expect them to . I bought these on sale and for the amount I paid for this set , I 'd say I was pleasantly surprised .
 All the tools were of very high quality . Very low price for a set of tools worth much , much more . The only problem was that there were 2 - 1/2 '' sockets , with out a 9/16 '' in this set that was sent me . I 'm very satisfied with the product .
 Comes in a tough little case with all the tools inside . Actually I bought this cause it was in sale and have no real knowledge about the quality of the tools inside . I guess I thought buying some tools would magically give me the ability to fix stuff . Needless to say I have n't opened the box since I bought it and I still ca n't fix things worth a darn .
 Great set at a great price.Fully functional with a great carrying case.you cant go wrong with this set .
 Stanley tools are still one of the top names in american tools . Even though they do manufacture most of their tools overseas . Most of the China made stanley tools are a basic consumer grade tool which will not hold up to real abuse . All of the American and Tiwan made tools are true pro-grade and will stand up to anything . Just make sure the back of the box says `` made in Tiwan '' when you buy stanley tools . Give stanley pro-grade an honest try and you will find they are better than craftsman and other top names . The fit and finish is top notch , the metal used is great , and stanley has a great return policy . Just call stanley with the part number on the broken tool -LRB- if you can manage to break one -RRB- and they send you a replacment the same day . If the broken tool is worth more than $ 8 , they send you a postage paid box for you to send the broken tool back with . If you are serious about tools , you are going to be impressed with Stanley Pro-Grade .
 This tool set is indeed professional grade , and it comes with a lifetime warranty . If you need a replacement just call the Stanley 's 800 number , provide the part number , and yes Stanley 's will overnight free of charge . . Ca n't beat that , and it 's a great product .
 The Stanley 889-806 Professional grade Mechanics Tool Set , 151-piece , is sure to have everything you want for your home improvement needs if they 're not too daunting . It comes with an amazing amount of tools with a secure latch for easy transportation . This pack of tools comes with a 1/4-inch , 3/8-inch , and 1/2-inch drive quick-release pear head ratchets , 2 extensions , 61 sockets , 28 deep sockets , 12 full-polish professional style wrenches , 12 nut drivers , 7 bits , and 26 additional tools for all your home renovation needs . These tools are a bargain for the money and despite the fact that they 're from China , they seem to be holding up just fine .
 Excellent set of tools . Only gripe I had was that some of the parts came un-clean -LRB- oily blemishes -RRB- , as if it came right off the assembly line . I little cleaning and they looked great.It 's no $ nap-On . But with the resonable price , and brand name , you ca n't beat it .
 I love the value of these tools . Although they come packed from the factory already in the case and ready to go , they are not clean some were full of grease . It would seem more important to have the tools presented well even if that meant having them not packed in the plastic case . Overall , a good set and well worth the money . A far better value for the homeowner or weekend mechanic than higher priced brands .
 Could you please tell me if those tool have metric system ?
 Before you buy this product thinking that it will remove * anything * , read the MSDS and familiarize yourself with solvent and water based paints & varnishes . This stripper will remove most oil and water based paint , epoxy and polyurethane finishes . However , it does not state that it will remove any varnish because there is a large variety of varnish types . Polyurethane is only one type of varnish with low VOC 's that is commonly used by amateurs . Most manufactured wood items such as musical instruments or wood firearms are coated with a nitrocellulose lacquer . It is a solvent based lacquer that can be removed with xylene , toluene , acetone , or various ketones . However , Klean-Strip is mostly methylene chloride which is not effective on nitrocellulose lacquer.The problem many reviewers have experienced was n't with the product . Pick up a pint of Xylene - be sure to use a good respirator in a well ventilated area and you should have no problem removing the lacquer from your guitar or gun stock .
 I was repainting my 20 years old truck that was poorly painted twice before . This stripper with no efforts removed all layers including factory ones down to the bare metal.I let it sit 15 minutes on a warm day in the shade and hit it with the pressure washer . saved me a ton of elbow grease .
 I used this Klean-Strip on several projects to remove paint with varying degrees of success . It worked better than any other chemical I tried . I found roughing up the surface before application , especially on metal , enhanced the results a great deal . That said , I often repeated the process a couple times , then used a wire brush or sander to finish up stripping . My conclusion is that your results may vary depending on the situation . More paint layers -LRB- especially oil based -RRB- is going be hardest . Latex and acrylic came off easiest.Some advice : - Make sure you wear chemical resistant gloves and long sleeves - Klean-Strip is no fun to get on your skin and , even though it is gooey , will `` fleck '' off the brush during application . Ditto on eye protection . - Be in a ventilated area , the active ingredient is poisonous to breathe . This stuff worked great removing varnish off trim for me in a tight space . Get a fan and limit exposure or you 'll end up choking or worse . - If after application , the surface looks dry soon afterwards , apply more until the surface stays looking wet . I found when dealing with multiple coats of paint -LRB- especially latex based -RRB- the Klean-Strip would soak into the surface like a sponge . - Work in with wire brush carefully once paint is loosened also helps .
 This stuff really works on Varnish and Paint . I applied it to remove 2 coats of Varnish from my kitchen cabinets and it worked . I might recommend to use this product in a good ventilated area . When I applied it , the varnish came off almost immediately . You may have to apply a second coat for multiple layers of paint or varnish .
 The replacement latch was somewhat easy to install . I did have to use two screws to fasten the door latch receiver to the edge of the door as the original mounting studs inside the door frame were not usable as they had became loose and were of a different screw size . I fastened the replacement latch to the receiver and then inserted the receiver into the edge of patio door and secured it with two metal screws . No adjustment was required . Works fine .
 The lock is an exact replica replacement of the original lock , fitted perfectly and works well .
 Yes I have been a stay at home mom too long , but with that said ... I have gone through several different toilet seats for my home . I clean every week and have two boys and a husband . On previous purchases with other brands , the hinges on the toilet seats start peeling fairly quickly and corrode . We have also found different seats that the finish starts to bubble or gets worn away . Those seats would always say `` non corroding '' . They corroded anyway.We decided to spend a little more on the Kohler . I am very glad we did . This had a simple design , but a clean look . I have had it for almost a year and it looks great . The hinges look great and the finish is still perfect . I really like the smoothness of the finish . It cleans like glass . My only small complaint would be the `` Kohler '' stamp . It isvery light and is wearing away . I would have liked the stamp to be more permanent.The Kohler toilet seat is definitely worth the extra money . It will save money by lasting a long time . Shall I dare say , `` It is a pleasure to clean ? '' I do n't like the job , but it looks great .
 The seat is good in generalThe top part is misaligned with the bottom part , with no obvious way to align it.The painting is missing in some of the bordersDo n't think next time I will buy from KohlerI bought two and 1 had the right hinge defective ; returned it and received a new one very fast from Amazon.All 3 have the same defects mentioned above
 What can you say in a review about a toilet seat ? It fits , the color matched , I do n't fall in - it 's all good .
 I installed this motor after my original went out , and it 's worked like a champ for about 5 years now -LRB- though we do n't run our HVAC all that often -RRB- .
 I could not be happier with this face shield.It is very well made , easy to adjust ... which is great because sometimes I wear a hat in my shop and sometimes I do n't . I would recommend it as a mandatory piece of shop safety equipment .
 This is truly the best face shield made . Very comfortable with fully adjustable band to fit any head . We have a local tech school that teaches machining and welding and this is the shield they use for the students . Nothing but the best .
 I use this tester every day for my job and it has done no wrong . I have many hours on this unit and I have n't had to replace the battery . It doe 's have a fuse protected amp meter .
 I 'm a woodworker , so I use these to sharpen tools -LRB- mainly chisels , planes , scrapers , and turning tools -RRB- I 've used oil stones , japanese waterstones , DMT diamond stones and now these . I like these better than all of the others.Here 's the pros : You can use them dry -LRB- but I would use them with just a little water and a drop of dishwashing soap -RRB- . They are not very messy -LRB- compared to the others -RRB- They cut fast -LRB- japanese waterstones being the fastest -RRB- They are super hard and wear very slowly -LRB- I 'd say better than the DMT diamond stones -RRB- They stay flat -LRB- only the DMT are as flat -RRB- Cons : They do n't come in as fine a grit/micron . Only 2 '' wideI can get just as good an edge as the japanese waterstones , without the mess and all of the flattening.I use a grinder and worksharp to get a good initial edge -LRB- if there is damage or a new bevel needed -RRB- then use the stones -LRB- medium , fine , ultra-fine -RRB- to hone , then strop with simichrome on some leather/MDF . I get a great edge fast , so I can get back to work .
 This was just what I was looking for ! It was big enough to cover a hole in the wall too !
 I painted and antiqued mine and it looks wonderful . I love the extra shelf . It was easy to install and I 'm glad I made the purchase .
 The item was great , but the shipping was too expensive , I will not order from them again .
 solid brass work great for a small 1/2 horsepower pump should last a long time and no rust just what i wanted
 This was purchased to replace missing components in a passenger railcar . The price was right and the fitting functioned as advertised . It was much less expensive than going through any of the better known on-line hardware catalogs -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- .
 This fitting works very well . Anderson Metals Brass Hose Fitting , Connector , 1 '' Barb x 1 '' Male PipeUsed with greywater plumbing from the washing machine .
 SO PRETTY AND EASY TO KEEP CLEAN , ALSO JUST NICE TO HAVE FOR THE PRICE . LOVE IT . WOULD BUY AGAIN.THANKS SKY
 My little girl picked this out , she really likes it . It shaped for a standard round toilet , mine is American Standard brand . I think is was worth it .
 Pannel works great - takes 5 minutes to install , and with the additional battery , it solved my dead battery issue using only the 5-watt pannel . Initially I was going to have to use a deep-cycle -LRB- car -RRB- battery , but did not want to mess with wiring , battery housing , etc. . I was very pleased I did not have to go that route . Highly recommend this additional pannel for anyone living in the north or northwest of the world .
 I bought the FM350 gate opener together with the gate locking unit , the 10 watt solar unit and the wireless keypad . It all sat around for a good six months until I got around to replacing the actual gate it was all going to be used on . The gate is a 14 foot corral type pipe gate - maybe 100 pounds or so , but I did n't weigh it . The site location is far from any electricity so battery with solar back up was needed.Once I got around to installing and leveling the new gate , my excuses were gone so I gathered everything up and set out to do the installation . The night before I watched the dvd that comes with it . Watching that first made the instruction manual make a lot more sense and I would suggest it is worth the time to do that.Most installation supplies are included , but not all . It is worth your time to review what is there and what you still will need for your particular installation . For me , the long drive down the mountain to somewhere that sells the stuff is a pretty good incentive.Following the instructions , the swing arm was in place and ready to program in about an hour . Leveling and marking where to drill took the longest because I did n't have anyone helping me . It 's the only part of the installation that would have gone a bit smoother , but even so it was n't bad . The unit is not very heavy.Installing the 12 volt battery took only minutes . Assembling and installing the solar unit took about 20 minutes . I already had the wood post the gate was mounted to . It even comes with a small compass so you can find South -LRB- for the best sunlight -RRB- . Next it was the gate lock . This one required some installation hardware because everyone 's will be a bit different . Mine simply took two `` u bolts '' and a couple of lag screws . Everything else is in the box . Here is the only time I needed tech support . In the instructions it called for the wires to the installed in slots that were marked by a '' + '' and a '' - '' . Mine had a `` n '' and an `` l '' . I called the 800 number and was talking with a tech in less than three minutes . My conversation with her only took about 30 seconds.Next it was the wireless key pad which took all of 5 minutes to install the batteries , set the dip switches , reprogram the master code and put in the first user code . Mounting it was done with two screws.I got a total of four wireless transmitters for the vehicles . It took less than a minute each to program those dip switches . Programing to the main unit involved holding down the button on only one unit and pressing one set button in the swing arm until a beep is heard . Took about 30 seconds and all units were synced.Getting the gate to stop at the proper location took about 5 attempts -LRB- it was actually almost perfect the first time but of course , that seemed too easy so I had to mess with it a bit first -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . The locking mechanism is perfectly matched to the swing arm so there was no adjustment needed there.So in a half a day it 's all up and operational . Worked perfectly for the rest of the day and evening . Now we 'll see how all that lasts . Unless I add to this later , assume all is still well . Also , got another wireless keypad for the inside so if someone is going out the gate on a horse they do n't have to remember to take a transmitter with them.And why did n't I give the FM350 a 5 star ? The mounting bracket on the post side shifts with the torque of opening and closing , especially at the cotter pin . I know they were going with an `` all in one '' type mounting bracket design to cover pipe or wood post mounts , but better engineering could have helped for a much tighter fit . Maybe it wo n't make any difference in the long run , but I ca n't help thinking metal on metal friction is going to cause wear sooner or later . We 'll see .
 I 've had one of these sitting outside in Florida for 10 years . It is finally starting to disintegrate from the sun but it has served me well all this time . Hopefully the latest version has n't had too many `` Improvements '' . This reel works just fine ! Mine sits on the ground and I can tote it anywhere it is needed . You will have to guide the hose on by hand while you crank it in or it will jam up . Your foot on the front lower cross bar will keep it steady while you crank and the tote bar folds backwards out of the way . There is a rotating hose connection on the end opposite the crank that connects to the hose bib and I 've had no trouble with it for 10 years . Just a plain , simple , hose reel that works and lasted 10 years . That 's why I bought another one!I will edit this review when I get the new one -LRB- 5-7 days -RRB- . New one is just like the old one - great !
 My old garden hose was stored on a wall mounted hangar that required some effort to carefully rewind after each use but that still resulted in some annoying kinks in the hose . I decided to give this Suncast `` Hosehandler '' hose reel a try.Positives : > No assembly of the reel required . OK connection instructions with diagrams . > Good length and quality leader hose -LRB- approx . 4 feet -RRB- to connect faucet to the reel 's in-tube connector . This allows some space between the reel and the wall faucet to maneuver the reel as needed . > The leader hose-reel-garden hose connector/interface in/out tube DOES NOT LEAK ! This is a major weak link among many of the other hose reels I 've researched online . * Please note
 If you 're looking for a compact hose reel for a small 50 foot hose this could be for you and I would give it 3 STARS . For a 100 foot hose I would only give it 2 STARS because the taller and bigger reels perform better . So now I use this reel for storing an extra heavy duty extension cord . If you shop around for the latter , you 'll see cheap reels that do n't perform and drive you crazy or very expensive reels that do the job . Well this reel can handle 150 feet of the heaviest duty cord with no problem and it 's a pleasure to use , plus you 'll save a lot of money buying it over reels designed for extension cords . FOR EXTENSION CORD USAGE , I GIVE IT 5 STARS .
 This Garden Hose Reel is a VERY convenient addition to the yard . It is super easy to use & keeps the hose in a neat , portable spot . Since it is plastic , it is lightweight and I know it will not last 10 years if I leave it out in the sun 24/7 . The price we pay for 2012 .
 This mower cuts well and does not scalp the ground excessively . It seems to work well as long as there are no rocks or debri that the blades will strike . The blades are heavy and well built with a dish mount and has a tapered splined hub to the gearbox . This hub has a tendency to become loose and the mower needs to be overturned to check it.The weakest part of the mower is the sheet-metal . The welds at the rear corners are weak and appear to be faulty weld joints as the joints separate without the metal breaking.Overall , it is a fair mower for medium use , but is not suited for heavy , long-term mowing . It will not withstand rocks , etc. as the side metal plates are too thin and the welds are not strong enough for commercial use .
 This night light uses LED 's and thus lasts thousands of hours . It is not nearly as bright as the 4 watt standard ones you buy . We wanted them for use throughout the house but did not want them to be very bright . These are perfect for our use .
 Wonderful product ! Nice blue glow ... . Just enough light for the hallway and small children who like to climb out of bed at night ... . Wish I had bought it sooner !
 Shipping was fast and was as described . I like it much better than the old std . bulb version but I prefer the Maxxima twin LED version . I bought both types . I bought the twin LED with the clear lens that has the photocell and the high/low switch . Both types give off a slightly blue light which I prefer to the old white light . I would rate the twin LED with five stars .
 The shape of the whole thing is a little weird , but the blue color , the sensor , the cost savings and convenience are great.Update
 This is a quality light . The amount of light it puts out is similar to a traditional nightlight bulb .
 This is a fine night light . We bought two styles and they are both pleasing to the eyes and efficient at what they are supposed to do . This one in particular I think it is a little more efficient at providing the right kind of night light but the shape of the other one is pretty cool -LRB- rounded , looks like a bubble of some kind made by the same company and priced the same -RRB- . As of late we are going through a phase and we been purchasing these lights -LRB- they were our first ones -RRB- and now we are totally on the ones that provide colors instead of plain white . Our house is starting to look a little on the festive side at night and that is not a bad thing , I think . 4 solid Stars for the Maxxima MLN-09 LED Night Light .
 Just a simple plug and forget nightlight , photosensor works , blue color is easy on the eye.Just right brightness , enough to navigate but wo n'tmake you squint in the middle of the night.Price is right , I now own 12 of these -LRB- big house -RRB- . Light has n't improved much since Edison , but LED 's willchange all that -LRB- for the better -RRB- .
 After some initial postal problems , -LRB- I live in Hawaii -RRB- the company bent over backwards to see that my shopping experience was a pleasant one ! I will do more business with these people . All items I ordered are working so far . -LRB- Ive only had them for day -RRB- Mark Stone , Hawaii
 These night lights have 2 main features : - LED lights are sufficiently bright while consuming very little energy . - Photo-sensitive switch turns them off during the day or even when you turn on the ` big ' lights at night , ensuring that they are not annoying.I 've had one of these for about 2 years now as a freebie from my company 's Earth Day giveaway and I 've been pleased enough with it to order one extra pair recently.Regarding durability . The brand-new lights appear to be about 30 % brighter than the 2 year old one and the old one is still bright enough . That would lead me to conclude that a lifespan of ` several years ' should be expected , unless you are receiving a defective unit .
 No problems with these after a month . I 've read complaints that the light sensor works poorly but mine work perfectly . In fact even in a dim hallway these nightlights turn off during the day . As for their brightness , I think they are fine . I do n't understand the complaints about them not being bright enough . What are these people looking for , security lighting ?
 Maxxima MLN-09 LED Night LightThe image of the Maxxima MLN-09-LED Night Light pictured on Amazon was exactly like the one I was trying to replace . Price was perfect . I ordered 7 of them . When they arrived the night light did n't look anything like the one in the picture . It works great . It is round , about the size of a golf ball . It does take up less space than the one pictured on Amazon . I am pleased with how well it functions . It just is n't what I was expecting to receive . It also is n't as aesthetically pleasing as the one pictured on Amazon .
 These white LED night lights use very little power -LRB- 0.35 watts -RRB- , are a lot brighter than you might expect , and give off a good quality white light . Supposedly they last for 10 - 20 years too . We 'll see . For the eletrically minded , this Maxxima one has a poor power factor of 0.12 -LRB- 3 VA -RRB- -- whereas the Greenlight Blue Diamond 's power factor is better 0.35 -LRB- 1 VA -RRB- . But they are both far superior to non-LED night lights -- throw those old incandescent bulb ones away .
 Bought this night light to illuminate my room when typing on my computer at night . Provides an adequate amount of light without being hot to the touch .
 SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN A GOOD PURCHASE , IF IT HAS A GOOD LIFE SPAN . GOOD LIGHTING FOR THE BATHROOM AT NIGHT
 I purchased these lights because my wife needs a night light especially when she occasionally gets up in the middle of the night . Since I like it dark in the bedroom , these are perfect . They are not too bright to keep me awake yet provide enough light to get around the room without walking into things . Also , since I shower without the lights on , I can still see what I am doing .
 We 've had two of these in our home now for almost a month . One is plugged in above my vanity in the master bathroom at the back of the house and one is plugged in the foyer at the front of the house . This is all we need to see our way to the bathroom at night or the way to the office -LRB- front of the house -RRB- early in the morning.I had a three-fold reason for purchasing these . 1 -RRB- We 're cheap and try not to turn on lights if we can possibly avoid it . These purport to cost only $ .25 / year in electricity . 2 -RRB- We 're getting up there in years and I was afraid that we 'd stumble on something unexpected in our path . These shine so brightly that my husband closes the bathroom door partially so the light does n't shine into the bedroom . 3 -RRB- We want to help the environment.I got everything I wanted for reasons 1 and 2 , and the lights were delivered in perfect condition ... due to being packaged in hard plastic , boxed in styrofoam peanuts . 2 out of 3 is n't bad , though , and we should never have to buy anything like this again . Right ? < -- I guess that will be determined through the years .
 Able to use bathroom at night without turning on the main light source . How energy saving is this ? Can even bath , shower & blow dry my hair using this most excellent light source . I did n't try shaving yet!An excellent gift for friends anytime or for the holidays !
 This product is pretty good . The light goes easy on the eyes . Bright but not annoying . The only thing I found wrong that in order for the sensor to turn of the light you need to turn on a light that is BRIGHT .
 I bought several other of Maxxima 's -LRB- MLN-10 and MLN-15 -RRB- , and this one is the brightest one of the crop . If you want an area lit at night , this is the brightest LED night light I own . I 'm considering purchasing this one for several other rooms to keep them lit ; while using very little power!The sensor is not as sensitive as I would like . The area must be well lit during the day -LRB- at least two windows with blinds open in the near vicinity -RRB- in order to turn it off .
 Several companies sell this exact same light , included one sold at Home Depot . It 's a single LED light that uses 0.3 watts . You will never need to replace the bulb . Light is slightly blue in color . It does not put off as much light as a 4-7 watt standard nightlight bulb . It seems brighter when viewed from above , such as from a floor outlet .
 The Suncast Quick Edge comes in a little box in short sections that have to be joined together . From the photo , I thought it came in a roll . Just pound each piece in with a mallet . Some parts of my yard are very hard , so pounding with a mallet made the tops a little frayed and I had to just leave it higher on the ground than I 'd like . Most of the time , things went smoothly.It 's prettier than the previous edging I had and it 's easy enough for someone like me who 's not into hard labor . I 'm buying two more boxes to finish off my project . _____________________ UPDATE
 I really like the way these set off a yard . We used them next to the walkway and to frame a garden . They look really nice . It was very easy to put them in the ground . I just tapped them in with a mallot and that was it . I was done in no time and have received many compliments on our landscaping .
 We used these to make a few small areas around a bird house pole and some hop plants . Easy to use and sturdy !
 Have installed the Suncast QE20 over past years ... 1 -RRB- Use an edging device -LRB- we tried a few , but had most success with Ames HDP38 Steppin ' Edger or Hound Dog HDP6-4 Steppin ' Edger ... both available on Amazon2 -RRB- Moisten the soil3 -RRB- Use a rubber mallet4 -RRB- Moisten the soil5 -RRB- Start pounding6 -RRB- Moisten soilWe have hard clay and sandstone , this system worked for us . Did I mention having moist soil works best ? ; - -RRB-
 I got this at Walmart for 10 Bucks it is easy to use and does what it is suppose to do .17 dollars and change is a little steep I think .
 It only gets 4 stars because there 's no manual telling you how to make them be rounded other than bending them , which tended to make it look cheap . They are PERFECT for straight borders or gentle curves . I have no idea how to make them match up at a straight -LRB- perpendicular -RRB- corner .
 Created a fine looking border between my lawn and flower bed . Very good at creating natural looking curves . Very happy with this edging !
 Love this product . It was so easy to install and it looks great . It keeps the mulch from going into my pool .
 I was skeptical about these because they were so inexpensive , but I 'm very pleased with them . The go together nicely and seem to be staying in place quite well . Definitely recommended .
 I needed a border for a rectangular bed holding what will become a hedge . The border needed to be definite , but could not be thick and intrusive . The Suncast looked like a good bet , especially since the individual piece size allowed me to build the border to fit the bed dimensions without any cutting . I experienced no difficulty in joining the pieces -LRB- wet one edge and then just slide them together -RRB- , but the only way you can simply tap them into the ground is of the ground is absolutely soft -LRB- which mine was n't -RRB- . It was necessary for me to soak the ground , and even then it was difficult to get the border really INTO the ground . -LRB- That 's the close to the advertisement , but not quite part -RRB- . But , since it is in place , it is what I wanted
 I was looking for edging that would be
 This stuff works great ! I was looking to find some more of this edging to extend one of my planting beds and almost purchased it through here until I found it at Walmart for much less . It does n't look the most expensive , but it makes a world of difference than not having it at all . Would definitely recommend .
 The quick edge worked beautifully ! Easy to install and flexible for curved areas . Does just what I wanted it to - keeps the grass separated from the garden bed .
 Great product . Easy to put in , looks great , and last . If you need to move it for some reason just pull it up and put it in .
 Goes quickly . Work with softened ground if possible , but does n't crack and break like some others I 've tried . I 'm coming back for more ! Stops mulch from leaking into the grass , and looks very professional
 I bought this set of lamps for my nightstands . I love that the shades are n't plain white , instead , they have a nice tanned paper of an uneaven color ; it adds style to the pieces as well as provide a nice relaxing golden light . Love the fact that they are very tall but not bulky . The 3 way socket is a plus especially in a bedroom . Extremely easy to assemble , very well built , great value . A rustic casual look that was worth adding to my southwestern bedroom set .
 These lamps are VERY well made ! I paid a lot more for a set of metal lamps a few years ago , & they were n't near as well made ! The shades are honey-colored , & are a nice contrast to my white & beige textured walls . I have never been disappointed by anything I 've bought from Amazon.com -LRB- & I 've bought a lot -RRB- .
 These lamps are really well made and look much more expensive than they are . I have received a lot of compliments on them . I would definitly recommend them .
 I 've been buying and using Mosquito Magnets for close to ten years . Why the plural ? Because they do n't last . I 'd say we average two years before they die . The propane is expensive and so are the octenol cartridges.So , why do we keep buying them ? BECAUSE THEY WORK ! They work really , really well . We live in a low-lying area . When we first moved here , you could n't go outside during the summer because you 'd get swarmed by dozens of mosquitoes , you 'd literally have a cloud around you . When we put out the first MM , it would fill up with hundreds of them every night . But after a few weeks , we were virtually mosquito-free around the house . The fact that we can enjoy our outdoors is well worth the expense.For those people who complain that the MM is ineffective , I 'd bet they 're not using the octenol . It makes a HUGE difference in the catch rate . If you 're not planning to use it , do n't bother buying the MM -LRB- or any other similar device -RRB- . Buying the propane in the little 3-gallon tanks is expensive and inconvenient . We bought a used 100-gallon tank and buy the propane in bulk , much cheaper and it lasts a really long time.So , yeah , I wish they lasted longer . I wish the octenol was cheaper . I also wish my car cost $ 50 and got 700 miles per gallon , but like my MM the benefits far outweigh the costs . When the latest one dies , I will without hesitation buy another one .
 I have had good results with the MMD . I bought it 3 summers ago and use it at the jersey shore . I am only down on weekends so ca n't tell you the daily count but every Sat morning I remove a half full net and drown the little buggers They may dry up after awhile but there are still plenty ready to bite if they are released . -LRB- I fully submerge the net in a bucket of water -RRB- . No , it did not eliminate the mosquito population but it greatly reduced it.It is pricey but we use to buy cans and cans of bug repellents , candles , citronella plants , etc. . And I 'd hate to see what the total price of those items was each summer .
 This thing is unbelieveable ! After being frustrated with mosquitoes and biting flies in my yard , I figured I 'd give it a try as Home Depot was offering one year free financing on purchases over $ 299 . So I brought my Defender home and set it up . Over the next few hours , I kept checking it . No mosquitoes . What the heck ? So I left it overnight . The next morning ... would n't you know it ? The thing was teeming with insects . I could n't believe it!After three days of use , the basket/net was half full -LRB- Mosquito Magnet recommends emptying the net when half full -RRB- . I 'm pleased so far . The manual says it is a long term tool designed to significantly reduce the insect population . With the amount of bugs I am trapping , I 'm devasting the population . Working in the yard is no longer a hassle , it 's a pleasure . For reference , I live in central MA.The only downside I see is the cost of maintenance . But the more I think about , the amount of money I spend on chemicals , bug sprays , cintronella candles ... it probably works out to about the same in the long run . And the difference is this works , the other stuff does n't .
 I live in Atlanta , GA where Asian Tiger Mosquitos dominate the mosquito population . I 'm building a fence in my backyard so I wanted to do something about the mosquitos before I started the work . I could n't step outside without getting swarmed by mosquitos even after I sprayed myself with Off . Before I bought the Defender I did a lot of research and got mixed reviews so I was a little skeptical . I decided to take the chance.The day after I set it up I checked the trap and was unimpressed , it had only caught 2 mosquitos . After experimenting with different locations in my backyard I have managed to find the `` sweet spot '' . It is now sucking in tiger mosquitos left and right and some big green mosquitos also . Whenever I check the trap I see a new swarm of mosquitos caught in the net . I was able to work in the backyard without getting eaten alive . I still spray Off on myself before working in the backyard as a precaution because it does n't rid them 100 % . But it works well enough to where I 'm not swarmed by mosquitos anymore when I step outside.Last night I was able to grill out in the backyard without getting bitten once and I did n't even spray myself with Off . I am using the Lurex3 bait and it seems very effective in attracting the asian tiger mosquitos . I had read about some people finding the Lurex3 ineffective against asian tiger mosquitos but my experience has been good.Also a note to everyone , do n't judge how effective the Magnet is by how many mosquitos its trapping but by whether you 're getting bitten less . I am not filling up the net by any means and do n't think I will . But I am not being bitten anymore which is the important part .4 stars because it is effective but is an expensive solution .
 I have nothing but positive things to say about my Defender . This is the second year I 've used it and it gets better and better . Yes , it takes some time to really get rolling -- about 3 weeks -- but that was less than I 'd been told by the sales gal at Home Depot.This thing really draws in mosquitos in big numbers - it is about the only thing that attracts more than my nine-year old son , who for some reason , mosquitos can not stay away from him . Well guess what ? he no longer hibernates indoors in summer evenings and even with all the rain we have had in the Northeast , the Defender keeps doing the job.I moved the unit around in different places in my yard and have found it works best in the shade . If you do this , keep emptying the traps and change the tanks regularly , you should have a simlar experience .
 Mosquito Magnet really does work -- it just takes some patience on the part of the buyer , and an understanding of mosquito reproduction cycles -LRB- already detailed in other customers ' comments -RRB- . When the mosquito season was revving up in June , my poor retriever got bit all up and down his back and even his tail , and became really sick from an allergic reaction to all the bites , which became horribly infected . I thought it was some awful disease , but the vet said it was mosquito bites !! I had to give him an antibiotic for ten days , and oatmeal shampoo baths to help him get better , and I was afraid to let him out for more than a few minutes because that 's about how long it was taking the mosquitoes to locate him and attack . It was the same for me . I got so many bites I felt like a pincushion and even got a bad headache and slight fever for several days . Moquitoes were hanging out around the doors waiting to get in , and I felt trapped in my own house . That 's when I went to Home Depot to get a `` zapper , '' and a nice fellow who works there mentioned the Mosquito Magnet . They were sold out in almost every place that had them , but I finally located one in a Home Depot north of here , and set it up . It started catching mosquitoes right away , and I was getting one or two dozen every day . It 's hard to count them , because they simply dehydrate and shrink inside the trap and look like little bits of dust with wiry legs after they dry up . By the end of the first week one side of the net was covered with them , and by the third week , my neighbor said she had noticed a decline in the mosquito population in her yard , as well . I do n't really think you can measure the quality of this item by the number of mosquitoes killed -- you can only judge it in terms of whether or not you keep on getting bit . But the real benefit was after the fourth week , I was finally able to go out on my deck in back and enjoy rereshments with friends in the moonlight and throw balls for my dog without being attacked by mosquitoes . It was perfectly quiet , at last , no mosquito whine any more . I have neighbors with a forest in back of their house on one side of me , and neighbors with an enormous garden and small pond on the other side , so I was getting them from all directions . I placed the trap first on one side of the backyard , and then on the other . It only costs a few dollars a week to operate the thing , which I think is worth it , unless you like wearing DEET all over you every time you go outside , and then you still have to listen to mosquitoes buzzing all around you . I have to agree , though , with one of the other customers who wrote on here about the written instructions not being very clear . The diagrams need to show more detail and list every feature so that technologically challenged persons can figure out how to set it up and keep it going . Not all users are guys -- some of us are dumb blondes , but we pay big bucks for this thing , and we ought to get adequate instructions . I also do n't like the idea of the long wait on the telephone for help , and I think the company would keep more customers if they hired a couple more people to do the telephone patrol and keep buyers happy with this expensive product . It does work , though !
 Ok here goes the `` Real Deal '' ... I bought this item about three months ago and purposely waited to write a review . Mainly because the previous reviews are mixed and you may not get a good feel whether or not to buy one.I knew I had to buy it mainly because my daughter has a bad reaction to the little boogers biting her and $ 400 was a small price to pay when you consider how much time and money I was spending on ER visits.We live in Florida on a barrier island and as you can imagine have very many of those pesky buzzards flying around looking around for a place to eat . We put our trap in the back yard because it 's the closest to the woodsy area , we have an empty lot behind us full of vegetation . After two weeks very few mosquitoes were caught , very disappointing actually when you consider the back yard is where I dare not travel unprotected ! But alas , I was bound and determined not to give up , did some more reading and made sure I had the right mosquitoes in our area for the attractant we were using and tried to move the unit to the front of the house were it is a little more open . I figured maybe the breeze could help and positioned it to where the fumes would be blown across my yard and entrance . Success ! I 'm now catching them like crazy ! I would say when I change out the attractant and propane the basket is about 1/4 to 1/3 full of dead mosquitos.Lessons learned :1 . Do n't let the whiners who are bothered by the fact you have to refill the propane tank or put in new attractants and occasionally purge the system with the c02 cartridges bother you when deciding to purchase . Look , you do n't get something for free nowadays , the idea of buying something and then being able to walk away with no upkeep is ludicrous .2 . I should have made the effort to get the bigger model , I live on a 1/3 of an acre but I think the bigger model would have made more of an impact on the mosquito population .3 . *** Most important **** Give the unit time to establish the area before judging its performance . Another words , let it stay in one spot before moving it to see if it 's the right place to leave it.I hope this helps a lot of you in deciding , nothing is the fix-all , but honestly if I can make a dent in the reproductive system of the mosquitoes and keep them at bay most of the time I 'll be happy . Twenty or so dollars every 21 days is a very small price to pay when you are faced with being a prisoner in your own house . Kids tend to go stir crazy a lot faster than adults!Cheers , Chris
 I have to say that the Mosquito Magnet - Defender is one of the best products I have found . Within three days the trap was completely full of mosquitoes and `` no see-ums '' . I also recommend the use of the attractants made specifically for the `` Magnet '' . One attractant came with the unit and others can be purchased separately . It is also very easy to use ; just empty the trap when it starts to get full and there are no sticky glue pads to mess with . The Mosquito Magnet has allowed my family to once again enjoy our yard and our pool even after the sun goes down ! I definetly recommend the Mosquito Magnet Defender to anyone with who has a problem with gnats , no see-ums , or mosquitoes . The only draw back is that there are no guages to let you know when the propane is almost empty . This is only a problem because I believe the igniter will continue trying to ignite with nothing to burn ; thus , shortening the igniter life .
 I have friends who have purchased other `` mosquito control '' contraptions for less money , only to find out that these machines really do n't do the job the way the Mosquito Magnet does . Although Mosquito Magnets may require more upkeep than folks might be used to for a backyard tool , it 's this upkeep that really does keep them working and catching the mosquitoes week after week . Yes you need to change the propane tank , replace the attractant , and clean out the net every 3 weeks , but is n't it worth it for a summer without mosquitoes ?! We have black flies up here too , and it even gets them!I 've never had a bad experience with the product or with the customer service . I also noticed that the company has updated it 's website -LRB- www.mosquitomagnet.com -RRB- , and the customer support section really does have all the info anyone would need to properly set up , place , maintain , and store the trap so that it works well season after season.The bottom line is that this trap does work -LRB- when used properly -RRB- , and it works wonders ! Well worth the modest investment to avoid those annoying bugs . My only `` helpful hint '' is to make sure you buy the right attractant for your area -LRB- they sell 2 - Octenal and I think Lurex is the other one -RRB- .
 It has worked wonderfully for me for 3 years . I would definately buy it again .
 We had the mosqueto magnet for over a month and are very satisfied . It is quiet and was easy to set up . It is catching mosquetoes as expected . We still have some mosquetoes but less than before .
 the service was excellent . the product seems to be working . there are still some mosquitos but no wheres near the swarming plague that we normally get !!!
 Aftere 40 years of slapping these little beasts , enter the Mosquito Magnet . I live in Alaska . A friend bought the larger model and said he was able to sit outside his house for the first time . I have a smaller yard and bought the 1/2 acre Defender . Its been running a week , and I 've dumped 2 full nets -LRB- est. 3 billion mosquitos -RRB- . I also watch , FROM MY DECK , while the Defender happily sucks the hordes up and sends them to insect Hell . If theory holds , after 4-6 weeks the breeding pool should be decimated . I 'm betting it works .
 We have 5 acres - elevation ranges from 23 ft to 42 ft above sea level - with ideal mosquito breeding grounds -LRB- lots of stagnant water , shade and tall grasses -RRB- . Day and night the mosquitos here are horrendous ; even if we only go outdoors to feed the animals or get food from the garden we wear full netting . I bought the Defender early last week , inserted the octenol cartridge , put the unit in full sun -LRB- no shade within 50 ft of house -RRB- powered her up and left it alone for 3 full days/nights . On the 4th morning I removed the trap from the unit . Many mosquitos were still alive and vigorously buzzing but I put the trap behind the exhaust pipe of my car to give 'em a carbon monoxide treat so they would n't escape while I transferred them into a plastic baggie . I set the bag aside to do other things . Much to my surprise , when I returned to it in an hour , I found a lot of them had awakened . So I put their plastic bag into another plastic bag and put it in the freezer . After a couple of hours I took it out of the freezer and emptied the contents onto a newspaper in order to count them . I meticulously separated the mosquitos and carefully counted for approximately 45 minutes - tiring of the task when the number of bodies equalled 2000 . By comparing the pile of 2000 bodies with the uncounted pile , I estimate that we caught between 6000 to 7000 mosquitos during the test period of 3 days and 3 nights . Our conclusion obviously is that the Defender is indeed working as advertised !! I have now ordered the Mosquito Magnet Liberty plus a 100 ft power extension cord in order to extend the protection further into our property .
 The Misquito Magnet did everything the add said and more . Since we put the `` magnet '' in the back yard we are able to use the pool all day and evening without fear of misquitos . It is amazing how many misquitos this thing catches . I was leary of paying so much money , at first , but I am glad that I made the investment . After a few weeks of use , you will agree .
 We can finally eat dinner after 6 o'clock on our deck in the mountains without being bitten alive . We told our neighbor about the Defender ; they purchased one ; and now we have increased protection.It 's easy to maintain and Customer Service has been great . When we had a problem with the machine , we were able to get a replacement immediately.What a relief not to spend relaxation time scratching !!!
 Last father 's day I purchased a mosquito magnet Defender from Amazon.com . I live on the Gulf coast of Texas and the mosquitoes are serious health and comfort problem in the spring , summer and fall . I had no luck with sprays , candle and I got ill using DEET . I read some reviews on the mosquito magnet , saved up my money and got a Defender . At the time we were living in a small condo and a Defender was all we needed . I was very impressed with the performance . The net was not full of mosquitoes on a daily basis but it did do the job ! I had almost no mosquitoes on my porch or in my yard , as did my 2 neighbors . My pets and self were able to be outside without being miserable or being exposed to chemicals.My spouse was a real skeptic about this machine but now is a stauch advocate.We recently moved to a house with a larger yard , however it is not larger than 1/2 acre so we already have our mosquito magnet up and running.The neighbor has asked us about it and is going to purchase one too.I recommend the mosquito magnet to anyone interested in an alternative way to control mosquitoes .
 We live in a 2-acres lot . We installed the Mosquito Defender only in our backyard . Remember this only covers 1/2 acre . Our backyard is now livable compared to our front yard . I see no mosquitos and other biting insects in our backyard , but more of these insects are seen in our frontyard .
 I live in MA next to conservation land and a cranberry bog . A walk to get the paper at the end of the driveway could result in numberous bites . I set mine up in the beginning of May . It WORKS ! No bug spray , hours in the yard on the swing set with the kids - no bites . Six of us in my neighborhood invested in them . We all love it . That being said , the maintenance of the thing is time consuming and difficult . But we have found it well worth the effort .
 I bought my machine 5 or 6 years ago , and looking at this site I saw a wide variety of reviews ; either they love it or they hate it . I thought I 'd throw in my two cents.When I first bought my Liberty machine -LRB- now discontinued , it seems -RRB- I killed legions of mosquitoes . Put quarts of them in zip-lock bags and brought them to school to ask students -LRB- and fellow science faculty -RRB- if they could tell me what they were . No one has ever seen so many mosquitoes in one place before.Anyway , the catch you are going to get varies with the population , which varies with temperature and standing water availability , location , etc. . So there is going to be lots of variability in immediate results . The thing that counts , however , is how much you are being bit up . It takes a while to take effect , because it mainly works by knocking down the reproducing population . It does n't suck the whole yard clean all at once.It can be kind of fiddly though . I am kind of handy working on machines -LRB- being a reformed farmer -RRB- and I spent more than half the day today getting mine going again . It was packed full of dead mosquitoes for some reason . Anyway , it would n't start and would n't start , gave a low-fuel fault code . I spoke with product support twice -LRB- got my call answered in less than a minute both times -RRB- and followed their suggestions . The main thing seems to be a problem when you start with a new tank of propane . They recommend you slowly open the valve after you restart the electronics . I did that -LRB- took 130 second to open the valve fully -RRB- , but it did n't work . Then they told me to only open it 2/3 to 3/4 of the way . Still no dice . It 's kind of hard to figure what 3/4 open is if the valve turns 21/2 times from full closed to full open -LRB- yeah , I can multiply fractions . But at what point is it really 3/4 flow ? -RRB- Anyway , trying one last time , I started it up and then cracked the valve just 1/8 of a turn open , and it caught!So , too fiddly ? Yes . It should be designed to start more reliably . Are the items you need to maintain the machine overpriced ? I paid $ 15 today for 3 tiny CO2 cylinders that should cost less than a dollar apiece . But folks , I really hate mosquitoes . I get a lot of satisfaction out of seeing them all dead in one place . Mosquito Magnet has changed corporate hands recently , and I hope they get their act together in the reliability department . But I plan to keep using -LRB- and fiddling with -RRB- mine for the foreseeable future .
 We live in the rainforests of British Columbia and this summer I was faced with the choice of dousing myself with DEET every day or staying indoors . All the usual mosquito repellants/traps were ineffective against the mosquito airforce that descends every spring.Since location , location , location is critical if you want to get results , I was prepared to try several different spots to get it right . However , the very first place I put it in the yard seems to be optimal . Our Defender Mosquito Magnet went into service on June 3 . Immediately it was surrounded by a cloud of mosquitos and no-see-ums . Yesterday -LRB- less than two weeks later -RRB- I changed the net because the original was fouled by the dessicated bodies of thousands of the critters.Although the manual says that it takes four to six weeks to get up to full speed , I noticed the difference in days . I spend as much time as possible gardening and in the last week got only one new bite . -LRB- The week before I put in the Mosquito Magnet , I had a dozen or more bites on my arms alone . -RRB- The manual could be a lot better and the machine does emit a low hum ... but so much nicer than the buzz of mosquitos around one 's head .
 I was looking around and reading reviews for this product . Some people do not like it because they do not catch alot of mosquitoes for them . They are either doing something wrong or they do n't have a serious mosquito problem . We are living right next to a swamp , it is literally in our back yard . We ca n't go out pass 6 p.m. because we will get swarm by all the mosquitoes . We decided to get the mosquito magnet and try it out despite some people 's bad rating . The installing process was a breeze and took no time at all . We got it running and after about a week , 3/4 OF THE NET WAS FULL ! The manual says that it will take 4-6 weeks for the mosquito magnet to disrupt the breeding cycle . It took us a week to catch thousands upon thousands of mosquito . We were so amazed and it 's worth the money because now we can eat outside now and enjoy the weather . I recommend it to anyone who have a mosquito problem .
 This thing really works , it caught about 50 mosquitos and 150 no see ums in the 1st day.I had a lentek eco trap which only caught 2 mosquitos in about 6 days-sent it back .
 I live next to conservation land , and my Mosquito Magnet has caught 1/2 of it 's basket full of mosquitos in less that one 21 day cycle . Mosquitos hover around it all the time.The only downside is that it was hard to get running the first time . It may require level ground -LRB- my first try was at a slight slant -RRB- , and I had problems with getting it to feed from my propane tank .
 The Mosquito Magnet is destined to be one of those indispensible items to have in-and-around anyone 's home . This thing is terrific . Before I got my computer , DVD , and cell phone , I could n't imagine life with them , now I can not imagine life without them . So it is with the Mosquito Magnet.I live in Maine , Mosquito and Black Fly Central . The bugs here are the size of small housecats , and are happy to hold you hostage until you pay a handsome ransom ... of your blood . I researched bug-catching devices and bug killers galore , in Consumer Reports , all over the internet , everywhere . The Mosquito Magnet was hands-down the most-recommended item around . Amazon clearly offered the best deal . Free Shipping , $ 50 off my next purchase , and a free box of octenol cartridges . OK , I was sold.The assembly was a breeze . Turned on the propane tank , plugged the thing in , and wahoo ! I have had it for just three weeks , and upon emptying the bug box for the first time , it was absolutely packed with a solid brick of dead mosquitoes and blackflies ! Ewww ! Thousands and thousands of them ! Unbelievable ! Damnedest thing I ever saw ! And everyone of those little buggers I `` offed '' was one less to bite me in the @ss . And more importantly , one less to survive thereafter , laying eggs and spawning the next generation of little fiends.I have already noticed a dramatic decrease in ANYTHING buzzing about me while noodling around the garden and grill . This little darlin ' works slick as snot on a doorknob ! And my home is on a lake in the woods of Maine , with lots of fresh water and foliage everywhere for the little buggers to live in . Not anymore , thanks to the Mosquito Magnet . I was a skeptic at first -LRB- my wife , too , thought the money would 've been better spent paying a high school kid 10 cents apiece to swat them one at a time ! -RRB- , but now having lived with it , I 'm so thrilled that I 'm telling EVERYONE about it!A caution
 I bought one in spring last year . During a 3 week period , it captured thousands of mosquitos and other small insects . I was not able to count as there were just too many . I did take several pictures of the dead insects . It was a small pile of dead insects on a piece of paper . We felt that there were much less mosquito near my house since we bought the trap and had it running . It costs around $ 19 every 3 weeks to maintain it . You must replace the attractant and refill a tank of propane every three weeks . We never had any problem with it . One suggestion for manufacturer
 I bought my Defender late last season . It worked well . I noticed a lot of dead mosquitos in the net . About 3 weeks ago I noticed quite a few mosquitos so I put out my Defender right away to get a jump start on the season . Since then , I assumed it was too early in the season and the mosquitos were not really out in full force yet . I did not have to use Off and had not yet been bitten . But I am happy to say that the reason for that is that my Defender really works . I do n't have to worry about using bug spray anymore and I can have an organic garden this year .
 Last fall we had alot of mosquitos and they were driveing me crasey after I got the Mosquito Magnet the problem was solved .
 My wife and I live in S.W. Florida and love to be outside and in our pool . It used to be impossible to be in the yard for any length of time do to mosquitoes . We had a screen enclosure over our pool until Hurricane Charlie came through and removed it . We heard about the Mosquito Magnet and several people we talked to loved them . We opted to replace the screen enclosure with an ornamental fence and install a Mosquito Magnet . We installed the Defender unit in 2004 and have been overly happy with the results . Even our neighbor 's have reaped the benefits , to the point where they have given money or propane refills . Your customer support has been great we love the unit and highly recommend it .
 Close to Tampa Bay , and surrounded on 3 sides by wetland conservation land , my yard and screened pool area have been uninhabitable for the first 6 years in my home . In April of May of 2003 I bought a Defender . The day after it began operating the no-see-ums were no longer bothering me when on the patio . After a few days , I noticed I could take the dog out into the yard at night without being driven into the home by mosquitos . Throughout the season it kept my entire 1/3 acre yard relatively clear of bugs . It even captured the biting Yellow-Fly , our version of deer fly , that are such a problem here during the summer . It 's now year two and I began last weekend to use the unit again - over the first weekend caught several hundred mosquitos - it was unreal how quickly the trap filled . I have no idea why some of the reviewers have had such bad results with their units . Could be that they just did n't place it properly , or maybe they work for a rival company , who knows . I can only tell you what I know , that it 's been a life and sanity saver for me and my family .
 My Defender just died after 6 years of catching 100 's of thousands of mosquitos . I had a problem with it when I first purchased it -LRB- would n't stay turned on -RRB- and the company sent me a replacement . Not a single problem since then until now . After 6 years it owes me nothing . I 'm going to replace it with a 1 acre Patriot and see how that goes.If yours turns on , and the light goes solid red , and you 're not catching anything , I suspect user error . You 're either using the wrong attractant or not placing it properly .
 When I moved here eight years ago , the mosquitos were so bad you could n't go out at dusk or dawn , or in the shade during the middle of the day . After doing some research , I purchased the defender . Within a few weeks , they were gone . I 've never had to use it over a couple of weeks during the year , early in spring . It wipes them out early and they stay gone year round . The only complaint I have is that it does n't catch the no-see-ems . They eat me alive at dusk .
 I bought this model in 2004 for my New England home . It is very effective in catching 10 to 20 mosquitoes per night . After a month the numbers dwindled to about 5 to 10 per night . Possibly , because the mosquito population was collapsing . I apply the CO2 cartridge and change the Octenol lure only once at the beginning of each summer . I also turn it off every morning and turn it back on during the evening because it does n't catch any mosquitoes when the sun is shining hot . I have n't had any problems with it breaking down for over 5 years . Perhaps , I got lucky with a good unit . Or possibly , it is because I turn it off every morning and this keeps it from wearing down.Pros
 I live on the Gulf coast and while the mosquitos are enough to keep you from spending much time outside , the yellow flies will make you refuse to leave the house at all . Everyday I would get at least 3 bites walking from my house to my car 20 feet away . After 2 days with the defender running , there was about 50 yellow flies and over 100 mosquitos in the net . It 's been about 3 weeks now , and I 'll come across 1 or 2 bitting bugs a day , and that 's only if I spend half the day outside . We have lived here for about 5 years and this is the first time we have been able to get any use out of our yard . Last month I could n't even cut the grass or hang laundry in shorts ! I have read a bunch of reviews on here that say the defender only lasts 1 or 2 seasons , and if that turns out to be the case , I still think it 's well worth the $ 300 every 1 or 2 years to be able to have full use of my yard !
 I purchased my defender 5 days ago . My back yard is just about uninhabitable , the mosquitos are brutal this year and I figured I would give this a try . I extremely pleased with the results thus far . Over the course of 5 days the mosquito magnet vacuumed up hundreds of bugs -LRB- the net is about 1/2 full -RRB- and when you approach it you 'd better be prepared to be mauled by bugs because they 're all around it.My kids and I are also taking great pleasure in watching the mosquitos try to escape this thing ... hehehe . I think the entertainment factor alone is worth the price . It appears this company has done their homework ...
 Within the first 24 hours our Mosquito Magnet captured and killed 200 + mosquitos . We empty it every day and we estimate that it is killing 300 - 400 mosquitos per day . I have an infant and we have finally been able to spend time outside because we are n't being eaten alive . It has no smell and hardly any noise which is a real plus compared to some of the alternatives . We highly recommend it !
 I was a bit skeptical at first , especially reading some of the customer reviews . I decided to purchase it anyway and give it a try . Boy this thing works outstanding . It is getting about 100 mosquitos per night . One of the keys to the success of the Mosquito Magnet is placement . Make sure you read the enclosed documentation to try and find the best location for it . Honestly it may take some ` trial and error ' to find the optimal placement.I think the real key in evaluating this product is not so much how many mosquitos it captures , but how many bites you get . Since having the mosquito magnet I 've only been bitten once . Matter of fact , we do n't use mosquito/bug spray anymore.I 'm sure performance varies on a case by case basis . Speaking from my experience I think the mosquito magnet is a real winner .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Defender -LRB- MMD -RRB- model about five weeks ago for my parents home on a wooded , heavily vegetated lot in Ohio.Having recently seen a TV interview with a West Nile Virus victim that was nearly killed I felt a strong need to eliminate this risk to my parents , who are at greater risk because of their advancing age.My father likes to sit outside on the patio for hours reading the paper and smoking . Unfortunately , the mosquitoes make it difficult to sit there sometimes . Even so , he is the type of person to brush off the risk and refuse to wear repellent . A prime candidate for West Nile should there be virus present.I had a Defender shipped to their address and was anxious to set it up and start sucking in huge quantities of mosquitoes . I was hoping for spectacular results because I knew they would find out how much the unit cost and question my decision to purchase it.We assembled the unit pretty easily but we did have to purchase a new propane tank before starting . The MMD appears to be a solidly built unit designed for constant exposure to weather.Determining the correct location for the trap is important and the method is detailed on their website . You must also place the trap within reach of an electrical outlet . The cord is quite long but you will need an exterior outlet or a way to run the cord into your house.Upon startup there is a brief warm up period where the status light on the power switch blinks red . When fully operational it turns to a solid red and stays that way until the unit runs out of propane . You can hear a quiet hum from the fan -LRB- s -RRB- . The unit blows a downward plume of warm carbon dioxide and simultaneously vacuums up the air near the source of the plume . The warm CO2 and an Octenal cartridge -LRB- included -RRB- attract the biting insects . The insects hover around the mouth of the machine and make a number of passes at it until they get caught in a mild vacuum and sucked into a metal-screened net assembly . The air stream is strong enough to prevent them from flying out and they struggle to stand up in the net until they dry up and die . The open net is visible from the exterior of the machine through a clear plastic access door . You can check the contents of the trap without touching the machine . The net assembly is easy to empty and is sturdy enough to rinse clean and reuse many times . You 're supposed to leave the MMD run 24/7 to maximize its impact on the mosquito population.In the first couple of hours of operation my unit caught a few mosquitoes and a bunch of no-see-ums . The next couple of weeks were about the same . I wanted to see hundreds of mosquitoes but got a couple of dozen . The propane tank ran out after about three weeks and I had a few dozen mosquitoes , a bunch of no-see-ums and a tiny spider that crawled in to eat on the dead bugs . Not exactly a justification for purchase . But there simply were not many mosquitoes present in the yard at that point in their reproductive cycle.It turned out to be a mistake to measure the machine by the number of mosquitoes in the net . As the previously laid eggs hatched the MMD then captured many of the newly hatched young . Now I am in week five -LRB- end of July -RRB- and the unit has captured about 50-100 mosquitoes in just the last 3-4 days . They appear to be newly hatched young . I am excited to think of all the offspring these insects WO N'T be having and I am reassured that the MMD actually works in the presence of mosquitoes.And this is the key to owning one of these machines . They are most effective over a period of time . Unlike a vacuum cleaner which does it job in just one pass , the Mosquito Magnet takes in the insects a few at a time and prevents them from reproducing hundreds more for the future . Mosquitoes do not migrate so once you 've knocked down your local population it is difficult for them to recover . Having spent a lot of money , the temptation is for wanting a spectacular , instant return on your investment - but that is unlikely . The MMD does catch mosquitoes and probably does so better than other products . But the results are not instantaneous.The real test will be after two or three seasons . If the MMD can create a mosquito free zone for multiple seasons it will probably have paid for itself . Of course , the more you dislike mosquitoes , the more valuable it will be.The downside is the cost of the unit . Is there a cheaper way to do the job ? Chemicals are probably cheaper , but those have a downside too . The MMD works constantly and with no effort on your part for three weeks at a time . It is easier , cleaner and safer than chemicals.Unlike Citronella and DEET , which temporarily repels the mosquitoes only for them to return to bite another day and unlike poison which wipes out the entire spectrum of insects , the MMD selectively kills only biting insects . It permanently eliminates them in an environmentally conscious manner . Other insects are simply not attracted to the machine . The ease and cleanliness of the operation are appealing.I would recommend the Mosquito Magnet Defender because it is promising over the long run . Its design and principle of operation are logical . It does seem to capture a large proportion of the mosquitoes that it comes into contact with and so far it appears to be a good investment.But only time will be the final judge of its cost effectiveness .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet on 7/3/2003 from a local retailer -LRB- this was the last one they had -RRB- along with the propane tank and additional traps and attractants . I did not realize that the unit came with a set of traps and attractants to get started.My husband and I own a house in Connecticut on a 1/2 acre with lots of trees ; brush ; gardens etc -LRB- moquito and gnat heaven -RRB- . When we want to use our backyard in the evening we would have to start lighting about 6 or 7 of the Off table top and hanging lanterns about 1/2 hour before and make sure we went inside just as they started to go out -LRB- about 4 hours later -RRB- or risk getting eaten alive.During May , I could not plant flowers in our gardens without spraying myself from head to toe with bug spray and having 2 tabletop `` OFF '' lanterns near me to keep the vicious little critters away . They were like little flying piranhas.I had been seeing these units advertised and thought that they were just another expensive gimmick -LRB- the unit for the 1/2 acre was $ 300 plus another $ 30 for a propane tank and $ 50 for additional attractants and catcher nets -RRB- . I compared it to the cost of the -LRB- OFF -RRB- 3 pack of candles and repellant pads at $ 4 to $ 5 per pack and we were using 2 packs each night and averaged to 6 nights a week during the months of July and August and 3 to 4 nights in May ; June and September . In addition to doing basic yardwork and chores , we have a pool and 2 children.My husband and I hooked up the unit which required very little assembly -LRB- slide the post and `` U '' shaped foot into the stand ; put the top of the unit ontop of the post ; hook up the propane tank ; slide the attractant in the holder underneath and put the net catcher inside -RRB- . No tools were required.The only confusing part , is the note in the instruction manual which states that -LRB- due to Federal Regulations -RRB- the CO-2 cartridges are not shipped with the product . In reading the directions , it sounds as though this cartridge is required to start up and operate the unit.I spent quite a bit of time looking for these cartridges -LRB- similiar to those used in paint pellat guns only with a screw type top -RRB- only to find out that these are not required to start the unit but are only required after the 1st propane tank is empty and every 2nd tank refill after that . Apparently this cartridge allows you to clear out dust etc. from the inside of the unit to keep it working properlyI called their technical service phone # and spoke with a customer service representative -LRB- on Friday morning July 4th !! -RRB- who informed me that the directions were poorly written and the company was working to fix that . The CO-2 cartridges were only needed after the 1st propane tank refill etc. and these can be found in a bike store as they use them to fill bike tires . The representative I spoke with , specifically stated that the screw top is required to make a tight seal and a 12 to 16 gram cartridgeis required.We started the unit and at first all we heard was a slight whirring/humming from the fan and saw the blinking light on the `` ON '' switch . I was not even sure it was working but about an hour later we went back to check and sure enough there were bugs which had been caught.The directions state that the unit will start catching immediately but in order to see a marked improvement it needs to run 24/7 as soon as the temperature starts to be consistently 50 degrees for 4 to 6 weeks so the breeding cycle is broken.If you read other reviews which state that the unit did not work , I am willing to bet that they did not read this part and this is why they are upset that the unit did not immediately clear their backyard . These units are not a vacuums and take time to do what they do.Obviously purchasing this product as `` late '' in the season as we did , there was very little expectation -LRB- after reading the 4 to 6 weeks blurb -RRB- that we would see any improvement but I was wrong . We were able to sit outside without bug spray or OFF Lanterns within a few days.I would like to mention that you need to make sure that the propane tank is turned all the way on or the unit will shut down . When my husband originally turned the gas on , he only did it 1/4 to 1/2 turn and I do n't think the unit was getting enough fuel . We found this out the hard way , I would come home and when I checked the unit the red light was blinking on the power switch -LRB- it goes to a solid red when the unit is working -RRB- . After resetting the propane tank and regulator with the special tool provided I slowly turned the gas on and have not had a problem since.At this time I feel that this was a worthwhile investment . We do n't even know that the unit is there - no noise ; smell -LRB- the OFF lanterns worked fine except for the fact tht they only worked for 4 hours ; they cost a lot and I was beginning to wonder if the smoke/smell emitted from the repellant pad was really something we should be inhaling -RRB- or mess etc. I hope that you find this review helpful .
 The Defender is obviously a well-thought out and researched product - it 's too bad the manual does n't reflect that same level of quality - which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . Thankfully , setup of the unit is pretty much hassle free - unless you 've never purchased propane before . Be aware that if you buy a tank say at Wal-Mart - it does n't come pre-filled with propane . I had to make a second trip to the local Uhaul to get that step taken care of before I was able to test the unit out . Call me stupid for not checking that before I left Wally World - but it would have taken a simple paragraph or two in the Defender manual further explaining Propane 101 for the first time user to eliminate that speed bump all together . Like other reviewers here - I too was confused with the CO2 cylinder issue . -LRB- It 's not needed until after you change out the first tank of propane . -RRB- It 's also a good idea to call your local health department - as smartly pointed out by the manual - to found out the infestation level of the Asian Tiger mosquitoes in your area . Doing so will help you decide whether to install the additional attractant in the unit - which can repel the Tiger . I included the attractant on the trial run - because I could n't remember swatting an Asian Tiger before -LRB- you can find pictures of this flying demon on the internet -RRB- - and still caught plenty of mosquitoes.In the first 24 hour period the Defender sucked in 156 mosquitoes from our large backyard . I know it caught that many because I counted every last one of them on a piece of paper with a toothpick ! -LRB- My kids say I really need a life . -RRB- A quick peek this evening into the unit shows another 50 or so of the blood suckers buzzing around inside the catch net . I suspect since tonight is warmer than the previous evening - I 'll collect upwards of 200 before this 24 hour period is over . -LRB- Watch this space for updates . -RRB- Assuming a 150 a night average catch rate over a 6 week period that 's over 6000 egg laying females that will have bought the farm . Of course the big question in my mind is how big is the average population in a given size yard or area ? If it 's 5000 females ? - then we 're talking a potential population collapse - if it 's 50,000 ? - then it 's pretty much a waste of time and money . I 'm also concerned about when the winds come sweeping down these Oklahoma plains bringing in more of their buzzing brethren into my yard . What then ? Will the Defender ever really be able to make a dent in our local mosquito population before I spend a fortune on propane or convince the neighbors -LRB- or our whole town -RRB- to do the same ? I guess as the manufacturer says I 'll only be able to tell by the bite count in a couple of weeks . If we can play croquet without the mosquitoes snagging one of our mallets and carrying it off - I 'll be a happy camper.The manual says that you should leave the unit running 24/7 for the best results . However , at least in our area we rarely see a mosquito during the day unless you are out in the woods but they come out in droves in the evening . So I 'm thinking we could effectively double the life of the propane tank but shutting the unit off during the day while we 're at work and only running it in the evening . Doing so is a simple two step process and could save you money in upkeep costs . -LRB- Update
 Do n't use the Octenol cartridge for Asian Tiger Mosquitos because it repels rather than attracts them . Read and follow the placement directions.After getting 6-15 bites by those nasty critters everytime I went into the garden and being held prisoner indoors for a few months , I decided to spend the bucks on the Defender . My husband was skeptical , but I was desperate.Initially , it was n't properly placed and I thought that I had made an expensive mistake . After we read the placement directions , viewed the CD and moved it to the recommended area of our yard , the Tiger mosquitos flocked to the Defender to dehydrate and die . We have won the battle with the Asian Tigers and now are using the Octenol cartridges to catch the everyday garden variety mosquitos.We started using the Mosquito Magnet on July 1 and are very happy with the results . We still have some mosquitos and I get bitten every now and then , but I do n't have to coat myself with OFF and I can enjoy a cup of coffee or a glass of wine in the garden .
 I bought 2 of the 1/2 acre defenders . One I put out back in the woods . That one is catching to beat the band . After one week we sit out on the pool deck at night and no mosquitos at all . I have bushes along the back of the yard and when I watered them I was getting bitten alive . After 2 days of the magnet running only 1 mosquito tried to bite me when watering the bushes.The magnet out front is a different story . It only has caught 3 so far and we are still getting bitten when sitting on the front porch or playing basket ball in the driveway . I think I have it too close to us . I am going to try moving it to the side yard and see what that does.One catches hundreds and works great , the other seems to do nothing . Go figure . At least I can sit out in the back yard after 5pm and not feel lilght headed from donating blood .
 I 've had my battery powered MM for about 7 years and I 've also encountered the well documented non-start issues . I 've found I can re-start the MM every year and after every tank if I follow these precautions and additional steps.Use the clean out cartridge . One cartridge should be enough . Then , take this very important step . Shake out the water in the regulator line AND regulator . You 'll notice a tiny hole on the side of the upper portion of the regulator . Tap this against your hand for as long as liquid comes out . Spend extra time with this as it will pay off.Then , apply the reset tool to the tank AND regulator -LRB- as per MM directions -RRB- . Do this at least twice ... more if necessary . You can stop after you no longer hear the hiss from the tank.As an additional pressure precautionary step , screw the regulator on and off twice.Finally , make sure the MM is close to a level position . If you have the rechargeable battery type , as I do , you have to make sure you charge for about 18 hours . This will ensure the battery does n't give out before the MM powers up.Good luck . These extra steps pay off for me when I 'm having trouble getting the MM started . It 's worth the effort because I 'm in the woods and it allows me to enjoy my back yard.The science and effectiveness is worth a five rating . The extra maintenance takes this down to a four star rating though .
 Close to Tampa Bay , and surrounded on 3 sides by wetland conservation land , my yard and screened pool area have been uninhabitable for the first 6 years in my home . In April of May of 2003 I bought a Defender . The day after it began operating the no-see-ums were no longer bothering me when on the patio . After a few days , I noticed I could take the dog out into the yard at night without being driven into the home by mosquitos . Throughout the season it kept my entire 1/3 acre yard relatively clear of bugs . It even captured the biting Yellow-Fly , our version of deer fly , that are such a problem here during the summer . It 's now year two and I began last weekend to use the unit again - over the first weekend caught several hundred mosquitos - it was unreal how quickly the trap filled . I have no idea why some of the reviewers have had such bad results with their units . Could be that they just did n't place it properly , or maybe they work for a rival company , who knows . I can only tell you what I know , that it 's been a life and sanity saver for me and my family .
 Everyday it catches 50-60 mosquitos -LRB- 75 % regular 25 % Asian tiger -RRB- , Obviously mosquito population is decreased in our back yard because we are not having mosquito bites any more . I am using Lurex3-OD-3 for asian tiger , this attractant is working for other kind of mosquitos as well . Mosquito magnet placement is very important . You have to read the placement explanations very well . -- UPDATE -- I gave 5 stars to this item BUT it worked only one season , I found the faulty part but customer service said that they are not selling the parts seperately . -- Do n't buy --
 I 've used this product for several years and have had great luck . The trick is to get it going early in the season and keep it going as per the instructions . The reduction in mosquitos is evident and much safer than using sprays . I have three Magnets serving a larger parcel of land with wetlands and they serve their purpose well .
 I bought the Defender with some reservation . I now am glad ! This thing works like a charm . It 's been a month and I just changed the tank . I am also using the Lurex attractant for the tiger mosquitos in my northern Virginia area . It makes a big difference . I started the unit up with the octenol . While I waited for the Lurex to arrive , I caught nothing for 2 days except a few small gnats . I gave it only 4 stars -LRB- It should be 4 & 1/2 -RRB- because the placement of the trap is tricky and they do n't give you a real good explanation . I 've tryed it close to the house , in front , out back , and now it is on the side . All positions have caught alot of mosquitos , But none have covered enough ground to protect my whole lot yet . The house I think is interferring , But the cord is n't long enough to reach the shady area of the back yard . Keeping it in the shade is important ! So all in all it was a good buy.Chris in Alexandria
 I bought this Mosquito Defender yesterday at Home Depot on sale for $ 190 and placed it in my backyard ... I have n't checked the filter to see how many the Defender has caught , but what matters to me is that I have n't got bitten since and can enjoy being in the backyard now . I do get bitten in the frontyard as soon as I step out of the door , so that 's how I was able to tell that the Defender in the backyard is really doing its job.I strongly recommend this product !
 This product worked well for me . I live in Florida , on a bayou , where mosquitos are a big problem . The Mosquito Magnet definitely reduces the mosquito bites my family gets . I 've had one of these units for several years . Every year or two I 've had some difficulty with starting the unit , but the company has provided good support . I recommend this product .
 This works . We are adjacent to a forest preserve . At night we could not sit outside because of the mosquitos . Once the Defender was up and running there were no more `` bite '' problems .
 I purchased a Defender to donate to my son 's preschool this year because he was coming home with 3-4 nasty mosquito bites a day . Me being somewhat paranoid but at the same time smartly defensive of my son and the other wonderful children at preschool needed to figure out a way to sell the idea to the lady who owns the daycare.To make a long story short let me list the steps I took in educating the teachers and literally eliminating all mosquitoes in the yard using a Defender and Prevention .1 . -RRB- After talking to the owner of the daycare it was nice to find that she had wanted to buy a Mosquito Magnet Defender but needed to save up for one .2 . -RRB- I shortened the wait by purchasing a Defender the next day but not before going out into the dark , tree covered moist woods and removing old tires , lunch bags , cups , trays and all kinds of things filled with stagnant water and hatching mosquitoes at a alarming rate .3 . -RRB- I then saved a plastic cup I found in the leafs near the sandbox area that has mosquito larva in it and brought it to the teachers to show them that all standing water must be removed from the yard and woods , they agreed .4 . -RRB- I then setup the Magnet out behind the shed right at a fence where the mosquitoes come out of the woods and across the lawn.Results :1 week
 Summers in Interior Alaska can be brutal with the swarms of mosquitoes . The first night the MM ran it must have caught a couple hundred of the little blood suckers ! I can usually expect a bite or two -LRB- or more -RRB- by the time I walk out to my car in the morning , but now I make it without a single bite . This is just the beginning of our mosquito season and I 'm already impressed . I 'm even considering buying another to expand my new mosquito-free zone !
 I read these reviews before I bought a Mosquito Magnet Defender , and , though there seemed to be some disagreement as to whether this machine actually works , I found that Consumer Reports liked it , so I decided to shell out the money to buy one.I just set up the machine in my backyard on July 3 after reviewing the placement assistant on the included instruction c/d . It was very easy to set up -LRB- once I had the propane tank , it took about half an hour including 20 minutes warm-up time -RRB- . Mosquitoes started swarming around the machine after it had been running for an hour . In three days I 've emptied the trap twice . I counted over 100 mosquitoes each time -LRB- a tip
 My friend has one of these , and I thought like all of these contraptions it would n't work . However this one works . It produces a little heat , and you can see the bugs swarming otward it . I did n't feel a bite the entire night . We are going to order one of these , because they work magnificently . Definitely recomended !
 I just bought a Mosquito Magnet and I have to say I 'm very impressed . The first night it caught 51 mosquitos , the second night it caught over 200 , and the third night about the same . Already it has reduced the population so much that I did n't get get a single bite last night on our patio , which is a miracle around my yard . Where you place it in the yard makes a big difference and the CD that comes with the unit shows you exactly where to put it . I can highly recommend this unit to anybody . It works for me .
 We have owned the Mosquito Magnet for one Houston summer , and it has caught hundreds of mosquitoes , especially Asian tiger fly mosquitoes . It does n't seem to catch no-see-ums as well , even with OCT-3 . Our backyard is about 2,500 sq ft , mostly lawn , and the Defender performs adequately . The latest attractant , OCT-3 , really makes a difference compared with the old versions . Do n't get lazy about cleaning the propane nozzle with the carbon charger before you refill the propane tank ; otherwise , it takes forever to start the machine . The Mosquito Magnet takes some patience and investment in accessories , but we feel that it has made our backyard a bit more bearable . Keep buying the bug spray , though !
 I was disappointed with the first propane tank 's worth of usage when using an Octenol sent cartridge . For the second tank , I switched to a Lurex-3 sent cartridge and wow what a difference ! For mosquitoes in Austin , TX , Lurex-3 is the way to go.A hint when resetting the valves prior to a restart . Make sure that you close the valve on the propane tank very tightly prior to resetting the valve system . I spent a very frustrating hour trying to restart my Liberty until I figured out this requirement .
 I 've had the Defender model for 4 years now and it has performed as advertized . I live in the Deep South and have it located on a covered deck next to an entry door ; it makes a big dent in the number of the biting insects -LRB- not just mosquitoes -RRB- that get into the house and loiter around the deck area . I did have a warranty adjustment right out of the box with the first unit but the factory sent a replacement quickly and I 've had solid performance from this unit since . The unit is A/C powered but restarts by itself in the event of a power interruption . I would n't expect these products to completely eliminate biting insects from a given area but they do suppress their numbers effectively , in the 90 percentile range , and are worth the investment .
 We love this machine . This is the second one . They work even better now that we switched to the Lurex3 instead of Octenol . We live in Oklahoma and the entire West side of our home is water . These machines allow us to enjoy being outside . Before we were eaten alive and stayed in the house .
 These punches are what were advertised , had a slight problem in beginning with item . This manufacturer is fantastic and immediately corrected the situation . You can not go wrong buying from this company . Fantastic and honest .
 This little tool box is excellent for storing all of my smaller `` precision '' tools with plenty of space for a small claw hammer and a full-sized screw driver . The construction and materials are top notch and the red finish is both durable and attractive . Most importantly the hinge in the back and clasp on the front are rugged and I 'm confident they wo n't have any issues in the long term . The reason for the one docked star is that the handle , though sturdy and effective , is made of a cheap feeling plastic which maybe could have been wood or metal . This is mostly unimportant though , because the handle is durable and probably only feels cheep due to its light weight .
 Another great box for anything you want it to be -- for certain tools , e.g. screwdriver set for jewelry repair , even good for jewelry or make-up and make-up brushes . A great buy !
 The box is well made only issue is the locking latch the loop is very small . Works great for a boys first tool box
 Have had these knobs over a year now and they show no where and work fine .
 The Mag flashlight line - various sizes - have been my de facto choice by habit for years.This Streamline flashlight uses fewer and smaller batteries than the big Mags we had in the house , yet seems to remain much more useably bright over a significantly longer period of time.After receiving this during a winter evening delivery , I went out back and found that details on our fence - ~ 80ft from the door - were easily visible through the darkness . It was as if a lightbulb has been turned on next to the fence.The light from this 3C model is ever-so-slightly bluish white , but mostly feels `` sanitary white '' , if you know what I mean . It importantly puts out a clear illumination pattern without any visible bulb or mirror artifacts/shadows - i.e. , there 's no dead spots and the brightness pattern is quite regular.I 've now used it for almost two hours elapsed time , and it remains about as bright as when it was first turned on . The Mag typically offered a powerful projection with fresh batteries , but degraded to a lower level of brightness and power in about 15-20 minutes than what I see with the 3C after 2 hours of overall use . Perhaps it has something to do with the active power regulation that I read about for this Streamline model , and properties of the LED light source and/or refined reflector?Relatively light and mid-sized , yet it feels substantial and tough enough in the hand to the point of my not worrying about dropping it on the ground or damaging anything from impact -LRB- in addition to itself -RRB- . The switch at the bottom feels substantial when you click it , and it takes a little effort to do so -LRB- i.e. , you 're not going to accidentally turn it fully on -RRB- . Sure , it 's expensive for a house flashlight , but it 's actually quite useful in how it illuminates objects close and far away . And , I 'm seeing constantly high and strongly projected brightness - for a longer , elapsed time - than I 've ever experienced with a simple house flashlight . The supplied lanyard and its size + weight make it convenient to strap on the wrist or any convenient arm-like object in everyday use . I tend to carry it around using the integrated clip on my pants pocket , when it 's not in use . Plus , the thing has dropped and not only survived without drama , but did n't mar the wood floors it hit at all.Finally , the LED light source should last a long time and is not prone to damage due to indirect impacts with the flashlight body . This thing feels like it will last many years , and being waterproof , there 's no worries about going out in the rain or snow .
 My customer liked these flashlights due to this was not the first one of this style that he had owned . Amazon is a great site to go for these flashlights and anything similiar with the Streamlight name.Our company once gave each of our 400 + employees a similar streamlight flashlight.I loved mine .
 this is a great light to have , I have been using LED flashlights for some years now . Before the the light was spread out only good for bout 10-12 feet of light , , Not this LED flashlight , its great , also its not a cold bluish light much warmer ...
 The item was exactly what I wanted . I use flaggin tape in large quanties during my scouting prior to the opening of deer season . I flag my way in to my hunting area and when I find the place I am going to hunt , I use the flagging tape to flag the most direct route out -LRB- cheaper than a GPS -RRB- . Some of my friends have gotten turned around while in the hunting area and know my methods . They have been able to follow my tape to the road and prevent them from spending long hours wandering in the woods . The flagging tape is very visible and reasonably price even with the shipping . It has other purposes in my day to day activities but I rely on it more during deer season than any other time .
 This is by far the most powerful flashlight on the market for $ 25 . I have been using this product and the prevous model for 10 years now , and no other product match this flashlight for wattage , price and battery life . I can easly hike the most difficult trails at night and not worry about whats in front of me .
 This is a great sprayer for what it was designed for . My only problem is that the carry strap pictured was NOT included .
 I was looking for a cheap nailer / stapler to repair fencing on my property . I did n't want to pay $ 100 + for a tool I might use only occasionally so went for this unit . It 's great . I have already put 1000 11/4 '' crown staples through it and I feel I have already got my money 's worth out of it . I will definitely look at their other products in the future .
 New hardware for our remodeled bath . Along with the hooks , and other accessories , It really updates an old tired sink cabinet .
 recently bought this table http://www.amazon.com/Coffee-Table-in-Black-Coaster/dp/B001DDGH8M/ref=pd_sim_sbs_etk_hg_fd__2 which would not move in carpet because that thing is Heavy . Put the sliders under feet and the table is now moveable just as hoped
 These sliders are great because they stay in place and do n't mark the floor . I tried the stick on felt kind before these , and they came off and also collected hair and dirt from the floor . These work great !
 I have used this product before to protect the floors in my house . I have had a hard time finding these particular type of magic slides in stores and was thrilled to find them online . The slides attach to the bottom of the chair with nails which means they do n't `` scuff '' off when you move the chair while sitting in it .
 I 've had trouble finding sliders for use on carpet , but these really work . The flat , round disc provides a lot of no-stick surface area , so furniture really glides on carpet . A great product !
 Loved them , the were very well suited for the purpose . I have an old chair that had scratched my hardwood floor . The sliders now protect my chair and it moves about easily .
 This version is a one piece design , I like this better than the two piece version I got from Home Depot . arrived promptly
 These did n't come exactly like the picture , but they worked great !! They slide very smoothly on our kitchen floor and protect it from the bottom of the wooden chairs .
 I have used these sliders for years , they work great , not always easy to find , would not hesitate to buy them from this vendor again .
 I have used these for years . They do a great job of protecting my floors .
 I use these stakes quite often , to nicely anchor some edging I have around patches of plantings and flower beds . They 're easy to use and they do not lift during the winter when the frozen ground can cause `` heaving '' . A great product !
 I used these metal stakes for the black landscaping edging to keep the grass out of my flowerbeds . If you do n't want to have to dig it out because it heaved up over time , use these . These metal stakes combined with good edging should last up to 50 years . A few things to note about edging installation :1 . You want to pound these in as close to horizontal as possible . The flatter the angle , the better .2 . You 'll have to dig a small area around where you want to install the stake so you have room to pound it in flat -LRB- horizontal -RRB- and room for the hammer to swing .3 . Install these stakes with the tab facing down .4 . These stake are n't very sharp , so you may want to cut a starter hole in the edging -LRB- preferably BEFORE it 's in the ground -RRB- so you 're not pounding away at the stakes all day -LRB- like I did -RRB- . I 'm sure there are a lot of uses for these , but for installing landscaping edging , they are FAR superior to the cheap plastic stakes most edging comes with .
 Our 3-year-old grandson LOVED this flashlight ! He loves all things &#34; Toy Story &#34; and loves anything electronic . Heavy duty and withstands his mistreatment .
 It was just the right gift for a 6 year old . He loved it . He plays with it all the time .
 We are very pleased with the looks and the operation of this fan . We installed it in a new sunroom in our home . Actually , we have been using Hunter fans in most of our rooms and have never been disappointed .
 great product at a great price , and deliver time was short . would do business with them again . Would like to know what else they have I could use . Thanks alot .
 If you 're wondering if this will open those tight screws on your PS3 then this product is for you . I spent an hour trying to unscrew the PS3 screws that led to its HDD and eventually stripped the screws . I looked far and wide on sites and they said pliers will make the job easier.I was skeptical at first but now I believe them , took a hold of the scews , turned the pliers around and around then I got the stripped screw . Do n't be afraid of scratching the metal that holds the HDD caddy , no one will care since it 's inside your PS3 . After replacing the HDD , putting back the screws was easy as well . You just line up the screw to the hole , screw it in a little bit with your finger , then tighten it up with the pliers.One word
 The product is just just what I needed in the plus cables and they worked great and they are in my sistem every day .
 No issues , works as advertised . I was using it for my Craftsman lawn tractor because I had a shorting issue where I 'd blow a fuse every time I used it and was sick of paying for `` 5-packs '' of fuses . Luckily I later tracked it down to the Amp Meter .
 These are great ! What a great extra touch to a sports room . Very sturdy too . My son pulls on them and they are n't coming off . Highly recommended .
 Working in Iraq we had two of these compressors . These compressors were passed over from the unit before us and passed on to them . These compressors were always left outside always on and rarely ever got unplugged . They never failed even though they were extremely neglected . They survived sandstorms , rain , and extreme heat -LRB- 130 deg plus -RRB- for over two-three years . This will be my compressor choice bar none when I get home .
 I wanted to up-grade from a oil-less compressor to an oiled one . I like Porter Cable products so I bought the C5510 . I really like how much quieter an oiled compressor is . I use it with automotive air tools and it really does the trick . It has no problem keeping up with demand . Be aware that the motor is rated at 15 Amps which could put a 15 Amp circuit on the verge of popping . A 20 Amp circuit is advisable . My reason for four stars instead of five is because of the instruction manual . The manual says the compressor is shipped with little or no oil in the compressor , mine was full to the top . Was this testing oil and I should dump it ? The manual did n't say . It also says to use air compressor oil only but the decal on the side of the compressor tank says you can use SAE 30 non-detergent automotive oil also . The manual states that the head bolts should be torqued after 5 hours use and the specifications are in the parts manual . There was no parts manual included . Lastly , the manual states that once a year you should have a service technician check the compressor pump intake and exhaust valves . Does anyone really do that ? Anyway , that was my frustration with the manual and maybe I am being a little picky but I really do like the compressor itself.One other note , the C5510 has a aluminum compressor pump and is sold by Amazon with free shipping . Model C5512 has a cast iron compressor pump which may last longer but is not sold by Amazon . It costs more and shipping charges apply .
 I recently purchased this compressor and am happy with my purchase . Good packaging . Installation was simple . Install the handle , wheels , a set of pads and add oil . After a 20 minute burn in , your good to go .
 i ordered two of them , with no extra shipping for the other , but the same shipping price for both ! Good deal for scalpels . Arrived on the exact date it said they would , comes USPS . Packaged neatly and nicely under hundreds of Styrofoam peanuts ! very sharp and is exactly what is shown in the picture ! This brand is the ideal brand for all your wood working needs , but probably not as useful during actual surgery ! For that , stick with medical suppliers !
 Nothing fancy about it but it does what I wanted it to do . Crimp down spouts into male connectors with about 6 applications and they fit great !
 Simple little tool , but it sure makes life easier when working with downspouts or thin gauge tubing . Works great .
 Whisper quiet , easy to install , and great warranty . Additional lighting kit can be purchased on-line or in a local store for as little as $ 20 .
 I bought the Hunter Summer Breeze to install over my bed in place of the trustworthy Hunter Original I have used since 1981 . The Summer Breeze is so quiet and smooth that I hear many sounds at night that had been masked by the pulsing sound emitted by the Original.High speed is just enough slower than the Hunter Original that it does not dry out my nose and throat as the old one did . This has to be either the quietest and smoothest fan on the market or one of the very best . I will gladly recommend this fan to anyone looking for those qualities as well as a beautifully finished piece of equipment .
 I have been buying Hunter fans for over 45 years . It 's a great product , very quiet and does a fine job . The only problem was that a few screws were missing and I had to use some from my own for the connections . I would also have preferred if I was able to register the product online instead of mailing my warranty .
 works great , do n't buy the remote though , anyone in the neighborhood can and will turn the fan on .
 I received it in 3 days and it works perfect . I mounted it on a slanted ceiling and it has absolutely no wobble right out of the box.It is the quietest fan I have and I am 100 % satisfied . I give Amazon.com 5 stars for service and product satisfaction.Donald CoonLakeland , Florida
 Had our first hot day yesterday and was much more comfortable due to this fan . Perfect fit for a fairly small living room . Very impressed that it is so quiet . No problems w/shipping and item was new in original manuf box . Also , I purchased this item when it was priced much lower .
 Love the Hunter ceiling fan ! Looks very classy and works great . We bought the fan because of Hunter Fan Company 's reputation for quality fans , and we are very happy with our purchase .
 I do n't normally write product reviews . However , I was so happy with this purchase I was compelled to write one . This has to be the most quiet ceiling fan I have ever not heard ! It is surprising how much air it actually moves too , for being so quiet and energy star compliant . I think it 's a very stylish design too . I highly recommend this fan to anyone looking for a ceiling fan without lights .
 What can I say ? Hunter makes the best fans ... it 's quiet , top quality and beautiful ...
 I ordered this fan from Amazon on April 9th and received it on April 12th ... free shipping to Hawaii ! It took several hours to assemble . All parts fit well together and the finish on the motor housing is beautiful . Medium speed is plenty cool enough for a 9 ' x 10 ' bedroom . High speed is very quiet . It 's hard to believe this fan only uses 100 watts ! My old noisy oscillating -LRB- junk -RRB- fan is in the dumpster . I 'm buying 3 more of these fans for the other bedrooms . Hunter 25517 Summer Breeze Ceiling FanApril 21st update
 Instruction should have included how to add a dropdown rod -LRB- 12 '' -RRB- , longer then one provided , for a vaulted ceiling . Other then that installation went smooth . Fan has very little wobble on high , did not try to adjust . Free shipping , WOW .
 I needed a new fan for the bedroom and knew I wanted a Hunter . Looked local but the prices were really high . I found the one I wanted , typed the number into Amazon , and there it was ! Even on sale ! I was so please that when i need anything , I go to Amazon .
 This is a very nice fan . The antique color fits right in with our decor . The only thing that I was disappointed with was the fact that our current light fixture did not work with it . But that is okay a new was found . Would recommend this fan to anyone that wants to update their dining room , kitchen or even outdoor living area .
 great fan it replaces one i had for 30 plus years.i will probly get at least one more to replace some of my other older fans .
 The fans were easy to install And had all the features as per online description . I have not tried them on yet as the weather is not warm enough but I am sure they are fine .
 Install of fan , a bit more work then cheaper fans . Very quiet , good air movement , good looks . You get what you pay for . I like it .
 In spite of the Florida heat , I like to live with my windows open whenever possible . This fan often makes the difference between a fresh air day and an air conditioning day - it really moves the air . The fan is very quiet - which is important to me because I am a very light sleeper.I bought 5 fans and added light kits to each . I use them with the wall switch always on , and use pull chains to turn the fans and/or lights on or off . Since my living and dining room wall switches are in hard-to-spot locations , the pull chains work best for me.On one fan the pull chain for the fan quit working after a few weeks - I could turn the lights on or off but the fan was always off . In the Hunter manual at -LSB- ... -RSB- , I found the parts dept phone number -LRB-888-RRB-830-1326 and called to order a replacement fan switch . They are sending me a replacement lower switch housing , which has a nifty idiot-proof plug connector so I wo n't even have to figure out the switch contacts or twist the wires into a wire nut . Plus all fan parts are under warranty for 1 year , so there is no charge . I am very pleased with Hunter 's service.I had called Amazon first to see if they could get me the part , but all they can do is have me to ship the whole fan back and they would replace the whole fan . Not a good idea - the labor is expensive and I would be without an overhead light during that time.I plan to order 3 more Hunter fans to replace 3 `` decorative '' palm frond fans the previous owner had installed , which are pretty , but noisy , and they do n't move nearly as much air as the Hunter 22517 .
 The description of the Hunter fan was excellent , as was the price . It arrived when promised , no damage . I would buy a fan this way again .
 This fan was very easy to install and is super quiet . I plan to add a light fixture later . I have been using Hunter fans for many years and have not been disappointed .
 Great Fan . Beautiful antiqued brass finish . I love the darker wood color on the blades . You can choose a lighter oak color or the darker blades when installing . It us whisper quite . I had a cheaper white hampton bay but it did not last and is not the quality of this Hunter fan.Thanks Amazon , Great price at Amazon !
 This is worth it . In my last home I installed Hunter fans throughout our home , They are very easy to hookup as well . Yea they cost a little more but the 13 years we lived their they never made a sound , or were unbalanced always worked and ran all year.When I built this home we went to Home Depot and liked the look of the cheaper fans they sold . But the quailty was not the same as the Hunters . In fact within 2 years replaced 2 already . I went back to the Hunters and bought this one . Its again quite and balanced well worth the extra price thats for sure . I will always buy Hunter again I learned my lesson . You get what you pay for thats for sure !
 A very nice and quiet ceiling fan . Quality and quietness are what Hunter ceiling fans are all about .
 Bought this fan from Amazon Warehouse Deal . Huge discount because of slightly broken box . Fan is perfect and looks great . Thank you Amazon .
 Hard to get in Hawaii without a very large shipping cost . The fan blades look like a painting on the ceiling . I love it . .
 Great fan . Amazon 's price was one of the best on the net . Super fast delivery . Very happy with this purchase .
 This ceiling fan is a good buy and it is very nice looking with its nickle hardware and it runs quiet . It does n't wobble and create a noise . Different speeds come in handy . Nice colors on blades . We are very satisfied with this fan for our master bedroom .
 The fan is exceptionally quiet and is just as it is pictured . The installation was a bit tricky and the instructions could have been better but we finally got it installed and working just fine . It was a replacement for an older -LRB- and dying -RRB- fan . We would purchase this again if we needed another fan .
 Great fan for the price . Installed in the bedroom and really quiet even at highest speed . Installation not as easy as instructions state . Really a 2 person project when installing the rod to the ceiling . I definitely would buy another of the same model .
 I installed this fan in our rental home . I did n't want anything elaborate , because it will probably be left here when we leave . It 's not gaudy , blends in well , installs brilliantly , runs silently , and required zero balancing . This thing worked flawlessly from the second I turned it on . Every part that moves or could move has rubber bushings to isolate vibration and eliminate rattles , the motor is super quiet ... It 's everything I wanted and more , and from the most basic of fans you 'll find . Great find .
 Great working fan , quiet and fits nicely to the ceiling . I have 8 ' ceilings , and I did n't want to have a fan that infringed on the space . And this one blends with the white ceiling and has good air movement.We did need to use some wood shims to make sure it was level with the old plaster ceiling . It would have been great to have a collar that fits close to the ceiling to hide the uneven gap that was left by leveling the unit with the ceiling.You ca n't go wrong with a Hunter Fan . .
 GREAT BUY - A HUNTER FAN - DOES N'T GET ANY BETTER - EASY INSTALLATION - MY 12 AND 14 YEAR OLD `` ADOPTED '' GRANDSONS -LRB- NEXT DOOR NEIGHBORS -RRB- ACTUALLY DID THE INSTALLATION -LRB- UNDER MY CLOSE SUPERVISION -RRB-
 Over the years I have installed only Hunter fans in my homes . After living in my current location for 8 years I finally replaced my two ceiling fans with the Hunter Summer Breeze fans . It is truly amazing the amount of air flow these fans have . These fans have really cooled us during this heatwave . If you need a good fan just buy Hunter , but check to make sure you have sized it for your room.By the way fantastic price and fast shipment on these as well .
 I appreciate the quietness of this fan . I pushes a lot of air and the blade balance was perfect . I can always rely on Hunter for a reliable purchase . Quick ship . Thanks CC
 I 've had this ceiling fan for approximately 2 weeks now and I am very pleased with it . I will say that although I am not the person who assembled and installed it , it seemed to be pretty easy to do both . I really like the antique brass finish ; I was having a diffcult time locating a ceiling fan with this type of finish in any of the big box stores or home improvement stores and came across this on on Amazon . I will say that the price for this fan is almost half of what you can find it for in the home improvement stores . Overall , I highly recommend this fan .
 I installed this fan in my garage workshop to help keep me comfortable while woodworking . I 've installed many ceiling fans over the years and by far , Hunter fans are the easiest to hang . Excellent instructions , complete set of installation hardware -LRB- even a few spare screws -RRB- , and a wobble-free fan every time.The only thing missing from this fan kit was a chain extension to change motor speed . But a quick trip to the local store fixed that .
 I got 4 fans to build a complete battery of four mounted on a vaulted ceiling . None of them came with knobs to attach to the end of the speed pull chain . I can no believe Hunter Fans do not come with it .
 Ordered Hunter Type T models Fan -LRB- 3 -RRB- on a Saturday and rec 'd them Monday . Fans were easy to install and run quietly . Ceiling plate used in hanging fans makes short work of what could otherwise be a strenuous task
 Had an electrician installed Hunter 25517 ceiling fan . Fan is super quiet as advertised . Did not need to use balancers provided . Highly recommended .
 I bought this fan for my living room . I wanted something that would blend into the ceiling because the other colors and lights in the living room were already `` obvious '' . I 'm using this with the white side of the blades down and a 3-speed in-wall control with no light kit and no chains hanging down from the fan.The fan is fantastic -- I 've had it for about 4 months and it 's completely silent , even on the high setting . It has no hint of wobble and mounts relatively close to the ceiling , unlike some other fans that have a bit more of a drop rod.I bought 5 new ceiling fans this year , so I have something to compare this too and I love this fan , especially for the low price .
 Very impressed with this fan . Installed yesterday in my bedroom . Some fans hum when powered on . This is quiet . The fan does not wobble on the highest speed . Have a Hampton Bay in a different room . It wobbles and hums.Will only buy Hunter brand ceiling fans in the future .
 I bought this fan because I already have one of this model and like it.Its simple , trouble free , easy to install and moves air.If thats what you want , not a lot of extras , this is the fan for you .
 Purchased two Hunter 25517 Summer Breeze ceiling fans as replacements for existing fans in the master bedroom and living room . The first fan installed was in the bedroom . It went together exactly according to the instructions and upon completion operated flawlessly . The second fan was a different story . Assembing the fan and hanging it from the ceiling went perfect . When installing the control mechanism to the fan I discovered the securing mounting holes had not been threaded . This was after I broke off a 6-32 screw in the mounting disk . From there , the install became very interesting and challenging ! I am very disappointed in the quality control of this fan and hope it is not reflective in other Hunter products !
 I own several Hunter fans throughout my home , in Florida , where they rarely get turned off . Several of them are 20 yrs . old or more . And they are as quiet as the day they were new . And this one is just the same . Simple installation , quiet running , moves the air , and I am sure , will be as dependable as the rest . The only way this fan could be better is if it had self cleaning blades . You are reading this Hunter , are n't you .
 Great fan - very quiet but really moves the air . Amazon price was half -LRB- !! -RRB- that of that major retailer , H *** De *** .
 While this is a great product -LRB- have Hunter fans throughout my home -RRB- ... this particular item was nothing but problems with the parts . This was a new install so I had an electrician out to run the electric and install the fan in a bedroom . He got ready to put it up and went through the entire box only to find no hardware was included . I had to call Hunter and what a fiasco that was . The phone numbers listed on their instruction manual/parts list were not correct . Once I found a phone number that would get me through to a `` live '' person , I waiting for over 30 minutes only to get disconnected , had to call again and wait ! When I got a person on the line , he was not very customer friendly ; however he did get the parts ordered and shipped . Except when the electrician came back ... there were two sets of screws missing which meant I had to go through the telephone frustration all over again . And yes ... it was as bad as the first time . Again , when I got a live person ... they informed me that the one set of screws were on back order ... a lot of good that does a person with a fan and no blades ! They sent me a substitute screw type . Had to have the electrician come out a 3rd time . Finally ... a month later I have my fan running.Hunter needs better customer service , quality control on their printed material and during packaging . If you get all the parts in your box ... this is a great product !
 There are ceiling fans and then there are Hunter Ceiling Fans . This is my first Hunter ceiling fan I have installed . I have installed Hampton Bay and other want to be Hunters and the difference is noticable . Hunter ceiling fans have rubber groments isolating the base plate and the blades from thier attachment points . This small detail makes the fan absolutely silent when on .
 I wanted a ceiling fan to help keep rooms cool and try to cut down on using air conditioning , since I had been in a few places where fans were really good in warmer weather.This fan is very good , with one of the most important things being that it is pretty much whisper quiet . Keeps room cool and has helped cut down on air conditioning use . I still need the AC , but this fan has allowed me to use it alot less .
 I 've only had the fan for a few days . It was easy to assemble and looks great . More cooling than one I replaced . It balanced without any additional work . I will probably get another to replace the one in the living room .
 We purchased 3 of these fans in 1991 . Since then they have been heavily used year round , with never a hiccup . Medium speed is used most often , and they are so quiet that you can not hear a whisper . Even at high speed , they are still very quiet and wobble free.The 4th fan is a Hunter remote control model that was also purchased in 1991 , for the master bedroom . Even in the quiet of night , it almost silent . I doubt we would consider any other brand of ceiling fan .
 Bought this summer of 2012 - and I ca n't believe we waited ten years before we did it . It made such a difference keeping the room cool . Some people complained about the shroud not touching the ceiling - I think that is on purpose , to prevent vibrations from being transferred to the ceiling and causing noise . Which is fine , since this fan is SO quiet .
 Love the fan , hate the mounting . Earlier fans had a better mounting system . Also mounting the fan to the outlet adapter in earlier fans did not wobble while this one wobbles slightly when on high speed . All in all , for the price , this was a great buy .
 We bought 2 of these fans and can not believe how stunning they look , we 've lived in our house over 50 years but had never thought about ceiling fans because we have a cathdral pitch . Wish we had put them in decades ago but the nice thing is , technology has advanced and so has Style - these are gorgeous . Feel fantastic about this purchase but as a minor heads up - if you have tall ceilings you need to avoid using a dimmer to control the speed -LRB- it will cause a humm as otherwise these run so silently you do n't even hear it -RRB- , this is such an awesome product .
 I give this fan 5-stars because it met every expectation I had for it . It was n't the most expensive fan I could have bought so it was n't going to wow me and it did n't . It was easier to install than any other fan that I have installed - about 12 in last dozen years . It runs quite and did n't need balancing even though a balancing kit was included .
 Product was selected on the basis of reputation . It looks well , runs quietly , and was easy to install . No balancing requiired , which presumably relates to quality of manufacture/blade selection . Have some indication that power consumption is much higher than indicated . May not be able to resolve this issue until we return to our Spanish property next year.Delivery to Spain from USA took only 4 days . Quite remarkable .
 The fan was purchased to replace a Hunter fan of extensive age . The fan is perfect for the bedroom where it is located . The speeds are appropriate for the location and the fan is attractive and easy to clean . I could not ask for a better product . Hunter fans are first-rate .
 Beautifull fans , I bought 5 for our log house to circulate the air , we have 50 foot ceilings.They are very quiet and will be running most of the year.We are hopping they will run a long time , so far so good.Not the easiest fan to put together but they good quality and very sturdy .
 bought three of these to go up in my barn . they went up with out a problem . they give off a lot of air which is what i wanted and they look great . i am very happy .
 I only buy Hunter ceiling fans . They are well-made , provide several hanging options and are very quite . Hunter also provides excellent customer service .
 The fan arrived in parts , which were all intact . Once put together it works as well as I could hope . I 'm particularly impressed with how quietly it runs.Installation instructions were well written and easy to follow - better than most .
 The hardest part of the installation is the base plate that must be securely screwed over the ceiling hole . In my case , there already was a previous plate that had to be removed . If at all possible , use a power drill . It makes the job so much easier . I used two additional screws to ensure a firm hold.Among the wires that came out of the ceiling was a red one which I assumed was for the light which this fan did not have . So at first , I tied it to the black/white wire of the fan . I switched on the fan at the wall . Nothing . Pulled the chain on the fan . Nothing . I figured that the red , not the black , must be the hot wire , so I tied the ceiling red to the fan black . That was it and now , the fan runs quiet and moves the air around very nicely . One of these days , I should get myself a voltmeter . I could have tested the wires for power and saved myself some sweat .
 Was looking for a basic white Hunter fan -LRB- no light -RRB- and found this to be the best price on this model anywhere . Works great . Nice breeze . Smooth operation . Have it working with pull chain , but needed to buy an extension for it .
 Earlier review
 Hunter 's own website claims this fan to be 7.2 inches from the ceiling to the blades flush mounted . But now that I have the box in front of me it says 8.43 inches which is lower than I wanted . I measured myself and got about 8 '' from the ceiling to blade . I have low ceilings just barely at the 8FT point . I would have brought one of their low profile models if they were n't so weak according to the CFM ratings ; assuming they 're all correct . The other LP3 's rated at 5000 CFM only come in white , brass and pewter ... not many choices there . I could have sent this back , but too much hassle removing it blah blah blah . The 8 '' is n't too bad compared to the fan it was replacing which was at 7 '' already . It was a hugger/low profile by the `` h bay `` This fan -LRB- 25518 -RRB- runs quieter than my last . All I can hear is the air being moved , no more humming motor . Easy to install , seems well balanced and nickel is a nice change from brass . Most importantly is the mounting bracket . In the past , I had problems with other `` downrod '' fans being flush because of the T shape in the way . It made it next to impossible to install a remote receiver in the canopy . If the receiver was n't just the right size , you have to cram it in there no matter how short the wires where.Overall this is a good fan that 's not too far from the ceiling flush mounted . Not 7.2 inches from ceiling to blade as expected , but I suppose I can deal with another inch down . Its better than most others who claim to be 9 or 10 inches from the ceiling .
 I expected the fan to be as described but could n't understand the description of the fan color . The answer is that the blades are reversible and one side is the dark color and the other is a light one which happens to be the same as the trim in my room . It is very quiet and works well .
 I really like the way this fan looks & works . It 's very quiet & it looks great in the bedroom where we 're using it .
 A great value . Set-up outside on a back porch to provide a cool breeze in the summertime and it works great .
 Easy to install and works great . Nice an quiet ! I would buy it again and may buy one for my other house .
 This fan works ok but the blade irons are particularly fragile . I broke a couple of them . Fortunately I got spares off the previous fan I had as replacement irons are only sold in sets of 5 . My fan is in a house trailer and I am 6 ' 5 &#34; tall so I run into it occasionally . Everything else is ok and it has been running for a year now without any noise , except for a couple days once . I even have some spare blade irons now just in case.My last fan burned out during an electrical brown-out . A brown-out would ruin this fan just as easily . It is a good idea to turn the fan off as quickly as possible during a brown-out or it will be ruined . A brown out is when the electric is only at 50 % passing low current , which burns out the motor windings .
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 I buy dozens of faucets and fixtures a year for the various restoration projects and I 've been using this faucet more and more lately . It has the perfect combination of being vintage without being kitschy . It 's classic and goes will in a wide range of renovations , from Victorian to Mid-Century . This is the rare kind of faucet that -- if I found one in a renovation I was working on , I would re-use it in the new bath.Kohler customer service is second to none . Their taps and fixtures are not cheap but they are guaranteed for life and they will send you parts free forever . Buy the right Kohler faucet and you 'll never have to buy another one as long as you own that house . That 's worth something .
 faucet appears to be of excellent quality and was very easy to install . Has only been in use less then a month but is flawless so far . Is mounted on a semi-vessel sink and look great .
 I bought this lighting fixture to replace the old `` stock '' fixture in my guest room bathroom . It is stylish , sleak and the finish is beautiful . This is just a great price for a Moen fixture . A great way to update a bathroom .
 Two of these were installed in my house 18 years ago , in two separate 3-way circuits -LRB- the other switches are standard toggle -RRB- . The dimmer switches have done their job without any sign of wear or failure . The slide action is substantial ... not tinny . The electronic design actually reduces electric consumption -LRB- when set at 50 % usage is reduced around 40 % -RRB- The on-off rocker switch is small ; as a result if I am between two switches I always walk towards the toggle . But it 's not a big problem ; when I use this switch in the dark , my fingers always find the slider and right below it is the on-off . I like the symmetry . .
 I had been waiting to purchase a nice sliding compound miter saw for over a year ; this was a wonderful purchase . I am currently putting floor and crown molding around my home , and the Hitatchi is making my work very easy . The laser guided cutting is almost like cheating ! The laser is very accurate , and the sliding mechanism is extremely smooth . Everyone of my friends that I have shown the saw is both envious , and really wants to take it home :-RRB- Great purchase , and would recommend .
 Works great , use it for cutting raised panel material and it gets the job done . Definately recommend it for cabinet shop .
 Costco in Southern California sells the C12RSH for $ 399 , and if you go to Lowes they will beat that price by 10 % . My C12RSH or shall we call it `` The Hulk '' is one day old and I am just learning how to change its diapers . Total paid $ 360 + $ 35 tax = $ 395 . Sorry Amazon , usually you have great prices but in this case I just ca n't go with you.I will update this post in the future as I use the saw .
 All things about this saw seem agreeable to the extent I 've used it - have n't cut any of those difficult compound angles it 's capable of , although I have made quite a few basic angled cuts , but the operation and accuracy in the instances I 've used it are spot on.I chose this saw over a couple other kinds of comparable type and value for two reasons in particular
 The saw works great . It does n't look like a refurb at all , except for the fact that it comes in a plain brown box strapped to a pallet . The only complaint that I have is that it does n't have holes in the back of the base to mount it to a stand . There are holes in the front , but none in the back . It 's not a big deal , the holes in the front seem to work well enough , but it would n't have been very hard to put a couple holes in the back of the base for mounting .
 I bought this saw at Lowes in December 2011 for $ 399 . Cheaper than Amazon for a change , even after paying tax . I bought it after researching many reviews and watching the Hitachi YouTube video . I liked the features
 Just ordered the hitachi from Lowes website at $ 399 , add tax -- it 's $ 426.93 ... Amazon has the saw priced at least $ 52 more.I had preferred the Dewalt 718 listed for $ 426 but it does n't have a laser sight , so I saved $ 70 by not buying the Dewalt 718 and the hitachi has a 5 yr warranty vs dewalt 3 yr.Sorry Amazon I do love your sales prices but I saved.Will return with a review of the product after I pick it up , set it up and use it ... the wife has many uses for it -- bookcases and other honey do this lists.UpdateThe hitachi was easy to set up , initialize laser alignment , and use.Even my wife loves it , and she 's not one one to like tools , she even picked up a mat for gripping wood while it 's being sanded etc.Only complaint this hitachi is a big mutha , talking about hitachi !
 I used to have my dad 's old Craftsman radial arm saw . It was a pretty decent compromise for ripping and cross cutting , and not bad for `` precision '' cuts . It was from the 60 's and you can imagine how dangerous this thing was . When it finally died , I replaced it with a Ryobi table saw and Ryobi miter saw . Both were decent , but the table saw left a lot to be desired . The miter saw was ok , but too small for crown molding and 5-1/4 baseboard molding.I spent a lot of time at the Home Depot and Lowes checking out sliding miter saws and looking on line at reviews . This saw had generally very good reviews , with a few negatives regarding some quality issues and technical support . The closest competitor was a Dewalt that seemed pretty good too . I read on the Amazon reviews several people complained about how smooth the slide mechanism worked , and that criticism seemed to be confirmed when I was at Lowe 's and tried one out . Plus , Hitiachi was cheaper.First , let me say that it is rare that a local store can beat Amazon 's prices . But like many have noted in reviews , this saw is cheaper -LRB- even with sales tax -RRB- at Lowe 's than at Amazon . Making the deal even better was using Lowe 's credit card with a 5 % discount , virtually canceling out sales tax.I picked up the saw and unboxed it . It was pretty much complete , with no assembly . Like many have noted , this is a monster , big and heavy . Although I am able to lift it fairly easily without help , I would not want to have to be constantly moving it around . First thing to know about this saw is that it needs to be securely mounted to a table or stand . It definitely wants to tip backwards if unsecured . I had an old Craftsman rolling toolbox that I made a base with by putting a plywood top table on and bolting the saw to.I find the saw easy to use and quite accurate for general work . I have not gotten to the crown molding yet , and was somewhat disappointed to see that I could not place the 5-1/4 baseboard molding in the upright position for cutting against the fence . Not being a very experienced wood worker , maybe this is common for a 12 inch saw . It turned out not to be much of an issue as I have just completed putting baseboard molding in 3 rooms.Everything works fine and smooth . I cant speak to the accuracy of the angle guides , I know one reviewer had issues that the saw was out by some fraction of a degree . Maybe someday my skills will improve to the point where this tool limits my capability . but I 'm not there yet.The only issue I 've had so far is the laser -LRB- which I think is very nice and made for some very repeatable cuts -RRB- seemed to stop working for a short period , and then mysteriously came back to life . The dust tube also does not fit my shop vac , but that was easy to fix with some adapters and hose clamps.So while I 'd generally take a star off for minor complaints , I 'm giving this saw 5 stars because it seems to be exactly what I was looking for and at a very decent price -LRB- except not at Amazon -RRB- .
 I recently bought the Hitachi C12RSH for remodeling houses . I have used a DeWalt miter saw for the past 18 yrs and decided to upgrade . This saw is quite impressive . It is very smooth and makes exact cuts . With the stock blade , I am able to shave paper thin pieces off of materials . This saw is excellent for crown moldings and trim work . Very precise and easy to move to and from different positions . The laser is not a feature I cared about , BUT it is actually quite useful . I was cutting a piece of 90 degree molding and the mark was on the inside of the V. I switched on the laser guide and it shined right into the V and was right on the money . I get where I am using the laser more and more . The saw is very smooth and the glide of the slide rails is very precise . I am making cuts that have really stepped up my quality . The saw is heavy and not really made to be hauled around a lot because there is a lot of plastic pieces on it . Overall this saw is VERY nice and very well built . The accuracy is amazing and I actually enjoy doing crown molding now .
 This saw is very good and a good value too . It is accurate and steady . I am using it with a Forrest Chopmaster II blade and am not disappointed . I have only one minor gripe with this saw 's designers
 arrived in perfect conditioneasy easy set upfirst few cuts perfectgreat start !!!
 great saw , take a while to get use to turn off the laser , also got the universal stand that make moving this monster saw a breeze.great saw for the money.amazon is great , the first saw the laser would not square up with table.amazon sent a replacement the next day . no questions asked
 this saw is cheaper at lowes . same model number . if you have a lowes close to you I woiuld look there first .
 1 . This is a great saw ... and all of u rocket scientist read # 22 . OF COURSE ITS A HEAVY SAW . . ITS A 12 '' SAW !!!!!!! EVER CARRY AROUND YOUR12 '' TABLE SAW ????? put it on a rolling stand or have someone help u3.Great tool . . like the fence alot . . can cut alot of larger mlds . with thisalong with wide planking . . if u have restoration work this is it . .4 . Get a good place to set it up and leave it ...
 I am a professional woodworker and I purchased this saw specifically for cutting stair skirtboards , for which this saw proved up to the task . I also currently have the Hitachi 10 ' slide compound sans laser . The laser beam is a little to broad for my liking so I find my eye is still more accurate . Improvements in this saw that I really like are the rack & pinion gearing for dialing `` micro adjustments '' and the placement of slide tubes up top and to the side . This placement prevents sawdust from being thrown back into the slide tube bearings a big plus . Of course it would be nice if Hitachi would provide an attachnent so that the saw could be hooked up to a two inch vacuum line . Of course the saw is big and bulky but it is a 12 inch so ... The setting are a little easier to read than most previous saws and the locks for positioning angle and bevel are solid . The bevel lock is a little awkward to work with but the slip ratchet mechanism helps . I feel that the motor is a little under powered so one has to go slower on cuts . All and all I am pleased with this saw and look forward to comtinued improvemts .
 I 'm a remodeling contractor working in the finest homes in Washington , DC . I 've been using this saw for about three months now . In a nutshell , this saw performs well . The saw cuts perfect miters right out of the -LRB- BIG -RRB- box . The motor has plenty of power to push through everything I 've thrown at it . I work with a lot of talented professionals who all have their own miter boxes but most everyone on site now prefers this saw as the go to . I LOVE ! the new fence system with the included hinged sub fence . The sub fence not only flips in or out , it can also be flipped up to create a 10 '' high fence ! I do n't no why Hitachi is not shouting this feature out from the rooftops . No other saw that I know of offers a fence system like this . I do n't like Hitachi 's new look with all of the insignificant and ugly plastic parts -LRB- it makes their tools look like a toys -RRB- . This saw is heavy and bulky . If possible , the saw is best left in its cutting station and not bounced around the job site . I 'm happy with my purchase and would recommend this saw to any serious wood worker .
 I just purchased this saw after my 12 Dewalt spindle lock broke . I could n't be more happy . This saw performs to the upmost challenge . I do a lot of trim work and the miters are right on the money . Cross cutting large stock is perfect every time . The adjustable flip over fence is fantastic -LRB- both sides -RRB- The saw is a bit bulky and a bit too much plastic gingerbread but it is a worker . The slide is smooth and effortless wow I 'm happy with this saw and would recommend it to anyone .
 Previously owned a Dewalt `` DW715 '' and I prefer this saw hands down . I am no professional anything , just a hobbiest , week end warrior and home renovator . When my older dewalt was destroyed by mother nature , I went looking for a new saw but listed this one in my `` not in my price range '' folder , until I ran across the display model for sale at Costco for $ 350 ; missing the blade and some of the doodads , they took the price to $ 300 , my price range indeed ! Now that I 've used it , I can say it should have never been out of my price range , as I 'm using it constantly even for tasks I could make do with a simple hand saw , just for the pleasure of using the saw . Sure , it might be more saw than I NEED , but it does everything I need it to do , does it better than the dewalt did , does more than the dewalt did , and is pure pleasure to use . Every moving part moves smoothly ; even for the display model , with out any adjustment , it cuts an angle dead on , laser is adjustable -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- ; it 's rugged , durable , and lighter than the Rigid/Dewalt . I ca n't tell you about the clamps or blade , -LRB- a.k.a. missing doodads -RRB- but if the rest of the saw is an indication , they would be ideal as well.The ONLY con ... if you can call it that : This saw , when fully extended , has slightly more `` play '' in the arm than say the Rigid , Milwaukee , or Dewalt offerings due to the arrangement of the slide rails , but it takes a decent amount of horizontal force to make get it to move at all , use it as intended and you will never know.Should you buy this saw ? If you need a good saw for cutting trim , picture frames , and 10,000 other odd jobs , then yes , yes you should .
 Now heres a real gem boys ... little pricey but well worth every cent you pay for it . Cuts as accurate as any right out of the box ... good fine adjustments available . Handy depth stop feature if using an aux fence . Will cut 12 '' wide !!!! Provisions for hooking up standard vacuum hosing to it .
 Wanted a slider but was concerned about space - I have a workshop and the 10 '' Delta non-slider I had took up most of the space alloted for a miter saw . Compared every slider I could get a tape measure to and found this saw takes up a lot less rear space than any other . -LRB- Maybe the guy who said it takes more needs a new tape measure -RRB- The Dewalt slider takes 21 '' from the fence to the back of the slide rails while this saw , with its unique slider rails , takes 16 '' . Put the saw in the space where the Delta was and it fits perfectly . My bench is 24 '' deep and I have space to secure the front of the saw and have full clearance plus an inch on the rear of the saw . And the saw cut perfect angles right out of the box . So far this is a great saw . Yes it 's big , but like the other guy said , it 's a 12 inch slider , it 's going to be big .
 I purchased this saw at Lowe 's last Saturday and I find it great . Love the sliding rail system - real space saver . The only adjustment that I had to make was aligning the laser . The only fault that I found is that it is missing the cover on the back of the arm . So was the store display model -LRB- Hey , Hitachi , did you run out and decide to continue production anyway ? -RRB- . Not a big deal . I e-mailed Hitachi and am awaiting a response . This saw is comparable to saws costing 50 % more - and it does n't have the clumsy safety trigger -LRB- I dislike those things -RRB- . At first I was n't very thrilled about the vertical handle , but I 'm finding it easier to use with either hand than the horizontal handle of other saws . All in all , a great saw . Would have rated it 5 stars if it had come with the back cover .
 Awesome saw . Smooth , quiet , vibration free operation . Initially , I thought I wanted a horizontal handle , but after looking more I realized I wanted the vertical handle position . Glad I made the switch . This saw is my new favorite tool . Being a Milwaukee too guy , I almost got their 12 '' but decided on the hitachi . Everything was squared and cut true . Very minimal grooving at the bottom of dado cuts -LRB- as long as depth bolt hinge has not worked loose -RRB- . This thing is just a pleasure to use . The stock blade , being sharp has produced very little tear out after cutting many boards already . Wish the laser was a little better but for the price -LRB- $ 399 lowes -RRB- , it ca n't be beat .
 It has so far with an upgraded blade handled the maple crown and base with no problem . It is not meant to be a Portable saw , you will need a good stand .
 I chose this saw after looking at Bosch , Dewalt , Makita and a few others . I purchased this from Amazon for $ 469 , although they are higher now . I was actually looking for a 10 '' dual bevel , compound slider but , the quality ones were significantly more money -LRB- > $ 100 easily -RRB- . I am so glad I chose this one both in terms of value and function.Out of the box , no adjustments were necessary . The laser sight might be a tad off but , I do n't rely on it for final marks any way . I found the documentation to be adequate , not the best I 've used but , better than a lot of others . One of things I really like is the innovative design features that Hitachi added , especially the slider mechanism . Unlike most where the sliders are side-by-side behind the saw , Hitachi uses a `` stacked design '' that runs parallel to the saw . It moves so that when stored , it does n't take up as much room and the location and cover minimizes the exposure to dust which will hopefully , will increase the life of the mechanism . It is pretty hefty to move but , not prohibitively so for this retiree . The dust collection bag actually works although a fair amount of dust on the floor is still generated -LRB- about 80 % in the bag and 20 % out -RRB- . Also , this has a 5 year warranty.To sum it up , great features , great value and it works like a dream !
 My order was filled as requested and delivered as promised . The filter product was a direct replacement for my spray gun , back in business !
 This saw was a great buy , it is very powerful and well built . I have no doubt that it will be providing me with great cuts for years to come !
 I bought this saw to build two kitchens with the aid of a professional carpenter . This saw is great . The carpenter loved this saw enough to leave his at home . I have use it and the miters are great . It is the best miter saw I have ever used , and my two kitchens are perfect thanks to a good saw and a good carpenter .
 I 've been using this saw for 3 + years , needs periodic blade & laser alignment , but I am rough on tools . Best for the money in my experience , got more cash ... ???? get a DEWALT .
 I 'm not a carpenter type pro but a practicing advanced beginner . I read the reviews and chose the C12LDH . Out of the box fine -LRB- I did wonder about the packaging given other reviews . It was sparse , but luckily arrived whole . -RRB- No probs with the left swing fence.I 've used the saw on five separate occassions for maybe 10 minutes total `` cutting '' time to put up about 100 ' feet of frieze board around an octagonal deck . These are 1x9s so the limitiation of 2x8 is a bit of a bummer , requiring extra cuts to finish the end cuts.Two sessions ago the QC issues started . I 'm notoriously careful with tools , esp . power/electric tools . Well the laser is now mis-aligned -LRB- not like the alignment described in the manual -- but skewed -LRB- its no longer parallel with the blade -RRB- . Its slight and still has the correct origin so still usable -LRB- for this beginner -RRB- . The greater concern is the on-off switch . About two sessions ago I nearly lost some flesh & bone ; because , as I discovered , the unit was plugged in & the power switch Off . Should be ok right ? Uhuh . The blade trigger had power -LRB- the digital display did n't -RRB- . Not a happy moment but at least a whew ! and then some anger.Numerous emails to CustServ re the laser skew and the power issue have not been returned . You 'd think with a safety issue like this they 'd respond pronto . Reading other reviews and in my experience it does seem CS is non-existent .
 I bought the saw after reading lots of reviews , and knowing there was a good chance that the left swing fence would not be correct . Saw arrived with a mis-tooled fence just like the others I read about . Called Amazon to inform them of the common problem with this saw . Too bad for you send the saw back only to likely recieve another reject like the rest . Called cust . service at Hitachi only to be transfered to a retail outlet that has nothing to do with any thing . Called back a few more times , and fianally got some one to send the new parts . After aligning the fences , and laser the saw works like a dream . My only dis-apointment would be the vertical cutting capicity . Ca n't cut a 1x6 or a 2x6 like a Dewalt can . Other than that it is a excellent tool that I would highly reccomend .
 I purchased the saw after my other saw motor burnt up . I manufacture artist canvas and make thousands of 45 degree cuts and the corners have to fit accurately . The saw is doing a great job . I hope it lasts for ten years or more .
 I have n't had it for very long , but so far it has been wonderful . I used it to install crown molding and it was a breeze . I did n't have a single problem . The digital display made for fast adjustments , and the laser saved tons of time and did n't even need to be aligned . What more can you ask for ?
 I had the 10 '' version of this machine for about 12 years until it was stolen off a jobsite so I bought this one with all the bells & whistles , to replace it . It 's much heavier & larger so it 's a lot more for one guy to carry , that 's my only complaint . It 's a monster . Use it to cut large crown , shelving , ect . It works great .
 I 've used an 81/2 '' sliding compound saw professionally as a trim carpenter for many years and have been hoping the Hitachi 10 '' sliding would get the fine digital feature on this 12 '' - or that this 12 '' would now go a little further and incorporate the soft start / and brake features in the 10 '' motor -- it is really nice you 've added the dual bevel so please do n't get me wrong.Now come on Hitachi , you 'll really make us proud when you bring all these great features together - in asliding and a chop version ! Until then I 'm hoping to hold out with this old reliable friend , my 81/2 '' Hitachi . Anyway , thanks Hitachi and here 's to the future upgrades I know your elves are working on ...
 I did some considerable research on the Hitachi miter saws and decided on this one . When I received the saw , I opened the box and it appeared as though this saw was used before , the packaging was horrible and one of the sub-fences was snapped off . I called Amazon and they overnighted a replacemend saw . Upon opening the second saw , the packaging was n't much better , but atleast this saw did n't appear to be used . When I pulled it out of the box , I noticed the same sub-fence was broken just like the first saw ?? I called Hitachi and got the run around until I asked to speak with a manager and I was informed that she had received several complaint calls regarding broken sub-fences that week . The problem comes down to the cardboard packaging that Hitachi uses to secure the saw in the box . Hitachi needs to upgrade their packaging . The saw 's are made and packaged in China , I 'm sure the box gets bounced around quite a bit . The sub-fence that is broken is on back order from Hitachi , so what does this tell you , obviously , this sub-fence must be a hot item . Anyways , Hitachi has ordered me the sub-fence at zero cost for the sub-fence , though I probably wo n't get it until end of December . Oh , the 32 tooth saw blade that came with the saw is junk , one of the carbide tips was broken off . I bought the Hitachi 90 tooth blade and it cuts like a hot knife through butter . I have used the saw to cut some large crown molding and it seems to work well , the digital miter and bevel display is pretty cool . Amazon took care of all the return shipping of the first saw , so five stars for Amazon .
 Great miter saw ; I found that it was dead on accurate out of the box except for the B side Sub Fence as it was bent/warped . I contacted Hitachi through email on there site and the next day they had responded and said they were shipping a replacement fence . I got the fence 4 days latter and the saw is great now.I 'm not a contractor just a very avid DIY guy , I hate paying people of work I can do myself . So this saw works great for me . Here are my Pros/Cons of this saw : Pros :1 -RRB- Very Powerful and easy to use2 -RRB- Accurate out of the box3 -RRB- Digital Miter/Bevel display is great and takes the guess work out of cuts especially the bevel .4 -RRB- Very solid built and high quality5 -RRB- Great packaging for shipping no damage6 -RRB- Laser comes in without having to start the blade7 -RRB- Great customer Service from HitachiCons :1 -RRB- Bent/warped Sub Fence on delivery -LRB- resolved by Hitachi -RRB- 2 -RRB- Laser hard to see in any sun lights3 -RRB- Laser blocked when you bring the blade down4 -RRB- LOUD -LRB- belt drive sound -RRB- 5 -RRB- Wrench clip does not hold wrench in place , falls off a lot6 -RRB- Hard to change out blades , need to have 3 handsThat 's about it . This is a great saw and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone . I would have given it 5 stars if it was n't for the bent/warp sub fence .
 After a lot of thinking and checking , I looked at every brand of saw , read reviews of every brand , tried every brand first hand . With a ton of searching I decided on this saw , and I am very happy . The digital read out means that while searching for the right angle you can walk away have someone else on the job move it use it and be able to return it exactly to even the most difficult cut angles . The laser is by far the best in the industry do n't care what anyone says about this brand or that , the best laser system by 100 times over anyone else . Mine was perfect out of the box , has worked great since I bought it . With my crews they now fight over who gets the Hitachi and who gets stuck with the Dewalt and Ridgid , helps everyone show up to the shop earlier which is a bonus . Other than that the basic functions are the same as any saw , I hate the Dewalt front cam lock system due to the fact that many times I have had my finger pinched in this thing , so I prefer the twist lock handle this saw has . That and lets face it these days you buy a Dewalt , porter cable or delta and you are just buying black & decker with a different color and a whole lot higher price .
 I am happy with this saw . Like many of the other reviewers , my saw also came with a broken sub-fence B. I called Hitachi and without hassle they sent me a new one . I like the dual bevel with the digital readout . The detents feel more solid than other saws I 've tried . The laser is ok . It disappears as you lower the saw . This saw has a power switch on the arm but it only turns off the digital readout and the laser . It does not kill the power to the saw . You must unplug the saw to kill the power -LRB- which is a good idea when not in use -RRB- . I thought this was a little strange but Hitachi said that is how it is supposed to work . Given what I know now , I would still purchase this saw .
 Excellent product . Just got done putting in a hardwood floor with it and having the laser guide really sped things up .
 For the home remodeler and all around project tool I am really pleased . The saw arrived at my front door when expected , unbleamished and ready to go to work . Great service
 Mitre saw performance has been great ! Really like the digital display for mitre and bevel settings . Only issue when I received the saw is that ` sub-fence B ' assembly was broken , but Hitachi customer service very helpful and expedient in replacement . 2 items could be improved - dust collection is pretty poor and would be great if brake could be applied to blade when trigger released .
 I have only used a few times , and so far I am very pleased . I only wish the laser was brighter for working in bright light . However , I live in Texas and I try to find shade whenever possible . The factory blade is not bad , but is not meant to be used for fine work so I picked up a Hitachi 726101 90 tooth blade for the better detail work . This saw works very well and the much of the saw dust actually goes into the dust bag . I am anxious to get to use it more to see how it does with other projects . I only wish I would have had this saw when I built my moms pergola and crown molding work ... They turned out great but it would have been much easier and faster with this saw.P.S . I bought a Ryobi miter saw stand for $ 99 that works well with this saw and it 's a great value compared to the others on the market.Hitachi 726101 12-Inch 90-tooth ATB Crosscutting Saw Blade with 1-Inch Arbor
 Much like everyone else I did my research before purchasing and even though the reviews were good I was a little skepical about a brand that I had never used before . Boy was I wrong . This saw is great ! Lots of power , easy to use , came almost set up out of the box . I did not have any troubles with broken pieces as others have reported -LRB- maybe they have got that fixed -RRB- . The fence is a little short when flipped open to do bevel cuts but that should be ok since the double bevel will allow you to lay pieces flat while cutting instead of upright . The only other things about the saw is to make sure to get a nice 60 or more tooth blade and probably a stand when buying . The stands will save you space unless you have a huge work area and most have extendable supports which you will need with this saw unless you are cutting something shorter than 2 ' . This is a great saw and to think that with other brands you would have to spend hundreds more for the same features .
 Want to make an easy dispenser for flashing so you do n't bleed out from a severed artery ? Find a box in which to place the loose roll so that it fits a little snugly . Cut a slit in the side of the box , feeding the end of the roll through the slit . Then seal the roll inside with duct tape . That 's it . No trips to the ER , cursing , chasing an unraveled roll around the garage . Ai n't America wonderful ? Vote Mitt 11/6 .
 This Kohler toilet seat is my favorite one in our house . It is hard plastic and really is shaped more comfortably than the brand we had on formerly . It was a more expensive seat but worth it .
 I really like this toilet seat . I had a cheap partical board seat before . It was not contoured to fit anyones butt . Also the old one was so hard to keep the hinge clean where the seat fastened to the toilet . This one is a vast improvement over the cheap ones and I think that it will last a whole lot longer also . I do n't care what they claim , the cheap sawdust and glue seats just do not hold up or last . No matter how nice of a surface they put on them .
 When the lid on our Kohler toilet seat fell off , the was the perfect replacement . It 's the same color , easy to install and works perfectly .
 Easy installation . My twelve year old son installed two of these seats for me in minutes . They fit perfectly . Very pleased . I ordered from Amazon.com . Shipping was supper quick . I ordered the wrong color the first time and the return was easy . I had the new color in a couple of days after ordering them . Ca n't beat the price and I did look around . All Lowe 's had was painted wooden seats and they do n't last more that six month 's with boys before they are stained .
 I purchased this toilet seat after purchasing and returning a cheaper particle board Kohler model . This seat is lightweight polypropylene , shaped for comfort , and has some nice shaping to the lid for looks . The polypropylene seats are only a little more expensive than the wood or particle board seats -LRB- I only paid $ 10.00 more -RRB- , but are so much better for the reasons I listed - weight , shaping , and looks . I agree with some of the other reviewers that the hardware could be better because the nuts on the bolts loosen up easily and the seat begins to slide around . I have to retighten the bolts fairly often . All in all , though , I recommend this seat , and will definitely choose this one again if I have to replace a seat again .
 The toilet seat came within 2 days and the seat was damaged . I filled out a return request online and they mailed me a new seat within 2 days . I was very pleased with their service .
 Well how do you review a toilet seat ? Does it suit the intended putpose ? Yes . Any unexpected disadvantages ? No . This is the only toilet seat I 've ever reviewed . Only spend a few minutes a day using .
 We shopped around extensively before deciding on the toilet seats for our new home and chose to use this one for each bathroom . We are completely happy with them and saved money by buying them online through Amazon . We also liked the quiet-close version of this seat and considered it for a couple of the toilets but decided against them , and that was the right decision for us . My husband and I are both in the habit of closing the toilet seat for flushing -LRB- he started it , not me ! -RRB- , because it keeps the unavoidable though invisible spray from flushing more contained , thus keeping the bathroom cleaner . I mention that personal habit because we realized you would flush and walk away before the quiet-close lid finished closing , so we opted for the standard seat instead .
 nice product . Easy to clean . Still looks new . I think these last better than the wood seats . Really like them , have them on all the toilets , now .
 Our order was acknowledged promptly and delivered early . Would definitely use this company again .
 I have connected these dimmers to almost all of my lamps . They are brilliantly designed . The hook up is exceptionally easy ... it is hard to believe that a company actually designed a product to be so easy to install.I recently installed one on a three speed table fan , and I am very happy . Even on low , the fan was loud and in the middle of the night too powerful and very annoying . But now I can adjust the speed to give a nice quiet and comfortable flow.It should be noted that these dimmers wo n't work if you have the flourescent bulbs ... only the old incandescent ones will work .
 Super easy to install - took a total of 90 seconds ! Works just as advertised ! No problem inserting a standard size lamp cord ! Will buy again if I require a lamp cord dimmer.The only advice is to read the instructions to properly align the cord associated with the large prong of the plug with the proper position on the dimmer!As always great shipping service with Amazon Prime . Asked for two day and received overnight !
 We bought some relatively fancy lamps that did n't have dimmers . The dimmers available at the local hardware store were the kind you plug the lamp into , with the dimmer switch on the end of a separate cord . As if I do n't have enough wires , cables , and cords in my life ! I wanted something like this , but did n't dream that it would be so easy to install . If you have decent wire cutters , you can easily install this yourself . I ended up buying it from another site because Amazon does n't sell the brown one -LRB- LC-300H-BR -RRB- and I wanted it to match the color of the lamp cord.BTW , the instructions say it can be used only with SPT-2 lamp cord . How do you know if your lamp has SPT-2 cord ? In my case , that information was written on the cord itself in small type . If you 're wondering , check the cord .
 Well-consructed and easy to install , assuming you read the straight-forward and simple instructions . This product needs to be offered in dark brown . I know Lutron makes it in that color . It would be less conspicuos . While it did n't bother me to be without this information , some may like to know know that the lamp cord needs to be cut , but not stripped -LRB- a very simple process -RRB- and you should remove the on/off switch that come swith the lamp/fixture . The Lutron dimmer also serves as an on/off switch - no need for two on/off devices .
 I bought two of these . They are the easiest switches I 've ever installed on any lamp . I 'll buy them again when I need one .
 I replaced CFLs with LED bulbs in a couple of table lamps . The LEDs that I bought are dim-able , which led me to this item . This could not be easier to install . Cut the lamp cord , push the ends into this dimmer , press the buttons that secure the cord inside the dimmer . A pair of scissors is all the tools you need . The lamps can now be adjusted to whatever brilliance I want . Really worth the price .
 I use lamp dimmers throughout the house , and this Lutron is one of the best I 've tried.You install the dimmer right into your lamp cord , so you do n't have a separate wire hanging down -- as with standard lamp dimmers . If you do n't need to adjust your dimmer frequently , you can place it closer to the plug end of the cord . This way , it 's out of sight . That 's how I use the dimmer -- just as a way of semi-permanently setting the bulb at the exact intensity I want . So I 'm not frequently turning the dimmer from high to low . -LRB- I 'm also a fan of pink bulbs , and they do n't come in low wattage -- 60 is about the lowest . With the Lutron dimmer , you can adjust your pink bulb to whatever intensity you want . I 'm usually shooting for a soft , low light . -RRB- I was also pleased that installation is a snap . It 's a little off-putting to cut your lamp cord in two , but it works out fine . Installation could n't be simpler .
 In general , `` on-line '' dimmers are relatively bulky affairs meant to be placed on the table , by the lamp . Since I use it as a switch/dimmer for a wall sconce size is important . However , its best feature , by far , is its `` tool-less '' installation on the electric cord .
 Look at all the local big box stores forn a cord dimmer -- no luck . This fits the bill -- easy to install and works just fine .
 we are satisfied with the product and the service . the dimmers work and look well . i would buy it again .
 The title says it all . Install is super easy . Make sure the cord is unplugged form the wall , pull the tabs out , cut the wire , put each side of the wire into the dimmer , make sure the polarity lines up and push down the tabs . 2 minutes to install . Could n't ask for more .
 I HAVE A HIGH INTENSITY LAMP THAT THE SLIDE DIMMER SWITCH GAVE UP 3 YEARS AGO.I FINALLY DECIDED TO REPAIR IT WITH THE LUTRON SLIDE DIMMER SWITCH.IT WAS EASY TO ASSEMBLE TO THE LIGHT CORD . IT TURNS ON THE LAMP AND EASILY ADJUSTS THE LAMP TO THE DESIRED BRIGHTNESS.ALSO YOU CANT BEAT THE PRICE !
 You will need a magnifying glass to read the instructions . Or , get them full size fromLutron TechnicalDocumentLibrary/030628The neutral on a polarized plug has one or more ribs along the cord and should be connected to the whitish or silver screw on the socket.It is very important to get the polarity correct so that the shell of the socket will be connected to the neutral.If your lamp socket has a switch , consider replacing it with one that does not . People get confused if there are multiple switches in series .
 It took literally 3 minutes to get this dimmer installed on the cord and operational . It is so ridiculously easy to install . You do n't even need to strip wire . The dimmer itself was used to replace a soldered on dimmer on a Pablo Tube Top table lamp . The dimmers on all those lamps fail prematurely . I have three of the lamps and two had dimmers go within months of one another . This dimmer is nicer and smoother to operate . Plus it is a 300W versus the failed dimmer which was 200W . Very nice dimmer and good price .
 I recently purchased two of these for our bedroom lamps . All you have to do is cut the lamp 's wire and insert the two new ends into the two holes on the dimmer switch . It was simple and worked perfectly . No complaints here .
 this is the best why to dim your lights quick and easy for the mood you want 10 min install
 We use these dimmers for our Weller soldering irons to regulate the heat in heater tip . They work great . Saves you from burning up a heater or tip .
 Like others have said prior , this is very easy to use ; cut cord in desired spot , slide into switch & put pegs back in = that 's it ! It says in the instructions that it fits SPT-2 cord which if you 're wondering is 16-18 gauge wire -LRB- many extension cords are 16 gauge and what I used it on -RRB- . The so called nightlite is a non-issue for me . How anyone could rate this any lower than a 4 is beyond me . I wish all DIY/electrical projects were this easy !
 I bought this product to replace a dimmer that had gone bad . It was amazingly easy to install and worked right away . I like the fact that it is small , and I also like its attractive design . It is easy to use . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This dimmer works great . I was worried about having to cut the cord to install it , but it was easy . I actually preferred that you cut the cord because the cord I had was too long so this way I got to shorten it to a better length . All you do is cut the cord , pull the pegs out , insert the cord and then push the pegs back in . I did have some trouble getting the pegs to slide back in . I ended up using a hammer and that worked great .
 If you do not wish to cut your lamp cord , you may wish to consider this : Lutron TT-300H-WH Electronics Plug-In Lamp Dimmer , WhiteIt is basically exactly the same thing , but you plug your lamp into it and plug it into the wall , as opposed to splicing the cord-modifying version -LRB- above -RRB- onto the existing lamp cord.If you ever may want to use the device with a different lamp , the plug in version would be easier as you would not have to unsplice the device from the existing lamp cord , and then repair or replace the existing lamp cord .
 This is a fantastic design . Easy to install . Just clip your wire , insert ends , push down on two buttons . DONE . Life would float by dreamily if all things went this way.There is no nightlight that I can find.My only complaint is that I ca n't find it in black .
 The nightlight everyone is saying doesnt exist , does exist.What they consider the nightlight , if you go to their website , is the single red led on the front by the slider . It is a light so you can find the dimmer at night . Hence , nightlight.Maybe this matter can now be dropped .
 Yes , you have to cut the lamp cord , but you do n't have to strip the wires or do anything other than use a pair of scissors -LRB- after unplugging ! -RRB- to snip the cord , push the ends of the cord into either side of the dimmer , and press down the plungers that grab the cord and automatically make the electrical connection for you . It took less than a minute to install , it feels safe , solid , and secure , and it works great .
 The LC-300H I received had no trace of the LED nightlight -LSB- s -RSB- mentioned in the manufacturer 's info posted as the description of this item by Amazon . Would have been nice , but I decided to keep it anyway . On the plus side , I was able to install it quickly and easily with a snap . Two snaps , really . No stripping of wire necessary . Just make one clean cut , insert cord ends as far as they will go , then push down the two clamps until they snap and are flush . Allows for wide range of dimness/brightness on my halogen torchere .
 Small compact unit . Dimmer slides smoothly . Has a `` full-off '' position . Rubber feet on the bottom help keep the dimmer in place . No monitor lightInstallation is easy , but does require cutting the wires of your lamp . Since the dimmer is in-line it can not easily get lost , as can the plug-in versions of the same dimmer.Note that dimmers will not work on the compact flourescent bulbs the government is force us to buy -LRB- by outlawing incancescent bulbs -RRB- -- so the dimmer may become obsolete when your stock of antique incandescent bulbs runs out -LRB- hoard now -RRB- . In that case , the plub-in version of the dimmer might be a better choice , because it will be easy to uninstall when you have to convert to compact flourescent.The dimmers come in three colors black , brown , and white , in-line or plug-in , and with or without a little red monitor light . The monitor diode -LRB- in models with the monitor light -RRB- does n't use significant electricity , and makes the switch easy to find in the dark.If you do not want to waste electricity
 This is very easy to install ... . Only thing you 'll have trouble with is the thick plastic packaging it comes in . I hope to find this dimmer in brown so I can apply it to more lamps.Simply choose the spot on your cord you want the dimmer , make a straight cut across the lamp cord -LRB- no diagonal cuts -RRB- , push your cut-cord into the dimmer device until it wo n't go in any further , push the dimmer-tab all the way in until it 's flat -LRB- level -RRB- with the dimmer-back ... . Do the same with the other end of the cord ... . You 'll see 2 tabs on the back of the dimmer that flop around ... these tabs obviously have prongs on the other end of them -LRB- inside the dimmer casing -RRB- ... these prongs/teeth are what you 'll push into the plastic protective casing on your cord-ends . You 'll feel it piercing through your cord ... . Just keep pushing until the tabs are flat against the back of the dimmer ... . This let 's you know the prongs/teeth have pierced through far enough to make contact ... Plug the lamp in and give it a try!You did know to UNPLUG THE LAMP FIRST BEFORE YOU CUT THE CORD ... . Did n't you ? !!
 Gets the job done . Installation was a snap , in a minute I uninstalled the lamp 's original switch and replaced it with this cord dimmer . Just cut the wire , insert , and plug ; no peeling required .
 I have two of these dimmer switches , and I use them for flourescent track lighting above paintings . They work great .
 This is a well made product , not like the no name generic products out there . Looks good and easy to install . YES , you have to have a clue to install it . YES , you have to know how to cut a wire . I have used these now in a production environment for dimmable CFLs . They work GREAT with dimmable CFLs . Dimmable CFLS are more and more common . Yes , they are more expensive than single wattage CFLs , but worth the price in desk lamps etc where you want to control the mood . And , before someone complains , they are only 95 % perfect for dimmable CFLs . When you are at the very low end of the dimmer , the light will turn off when it gets too low . To turn the light back on , you need to push in up a bit for the light to relight . In other words , the dimmer is perfect for controlling a dimmable CFL from 25 % brightness to 100 % . Since this is NOT made specifiaclly for CFLS , its not perfect for controlling OFF to 25 % brightness . For me and I suspect most people , that enough.That said , it works perfect for regular light bulbs - from tungsten to halogen . Highly recommended quality product .
 Very happy with this item . works great . quick shipping . would recommend it for dimming capabilities without a 3 way bulb .
 I bought this to replace the adjustable switch on an IKEA lamp . It was super easy to install , no wire stripping or anything necessary . Been about 6 months now and it works great .
 I was quite skeptical when I received this and read the instructions . I would have been much more comfortable handling the wiring internal to the unit myself , but I 'm very impressed with the results given how simple the installation was . All you do is cut the cord where you want the switch and snap the two ends into the unit . The whole process probably took me no longer than a minute . It seems solid enough to stand the test of time , too .
 These are great . I ended up getting a 2nd one . Great price , great item and they work great . I would highly recommend them .
 I bought this for my little daughter 's bedroom and it is working very good , I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 Just ordered the Plug in model below : Lutron TT-300H-WH Electronics Plug-In Lamp Dimmer , Whiteas seen on the Nate Burkus -LSB- ABC Network -RSB- show . Have installed all CFL bulbs and this is for a Large Table lamp.based on all reviews went the above as years ago when remodeling older homes w/3 kids that : `` Plumbing leaks and Electrical HURTS ! '' no matter how simple it seems to be .
 This is a great product but does not have a night light . If you want the night light then you want the lamp dimmer # LC-300NLH-WH ... not this one LC-300H-WH ! Same product with the night light.Go back to the starting page and look for the one in the green package . It looks like a wire coming out of the bottom but that is just a picture.I took a shortcut yesterday and went to Lamps Plus . They had a large supply of them and I paid $ 14.99 each . In this case it was worth the extra few cent so I could see it and hold it in my hand !
 I bought this to replace the dimmer that came with my floor lamp . It works perfectly and is easy to install . The instructions are good . Cutting the cord to install this dimmer allows for the cord to be trimmed to the best length for the room .
 works absolutely perfectly and very very easy to install with good instructions . no cutting of wires required . just remember , if your lamp already has an on-off switch , that will stay in place -LRB- in on position -RRB- - you can not replace it .
 This item does exactly what it says it will do , which is good and bad . It is a good product to begin with but I can see , after the first usage , that the meters with a needle and scale will give more accurate readings . This particular procduct just lets you know if you are cold-warm-hot . If you are going to buy an EMF meter , spend a little extra and get the type with a scale instead .
 THERE ARE 3 LIGHTS . RED FOR DANGER , GREEN FOR SAFE , AND YELLOW FOR CAUTION . LIGHTWEIGHT AND PORTABLE . WORKS ON 9 VOLT BATTER THAT LASTS A LONG TIME . I CAN CHECK MY CELL PHONE , COMPUTER FOR EMF READINGS , WHICH MAKE SENSE . IF YOU GET TO CLOSE FOR A TV FOR INSTANCE , OR A ALARM CLOCK , GREEN , YELLOW AND RED SHOW UP . SAFE
 I was n't sure what to expect when I purchased this product . It was a pleasant surprise . After watching ghost hunting programs , I thought it would be fun just to try it out . So , I purchased this detector . It 's accurate , at least with regard to wiring ! , and it is so simple to use . My young nephew has fun `` ghost detecting . '' He 's five years old and able to use this detector on his own . Delivery was timely .
 The E.L.F. Zone Gaussmeter arrived today and i found out the `` trouble areas '' of my home right away and was even surprised to find out there 's low frequency around my treadmill , some electrical outlets , tv , tv control remote when changing channels , and microwave being the strongest one.I recommend carrying it with you whenever you go , since you never know where you could be standing , the E.L.F zone may save your life , but if you are looking for a more exact meter this is not the one for you . It will simply tell you to be safe , to take caution , or to get away from danger , that 's it but if you are a newbie like me whos also interested in paranormal investigations on a tight budget this product is really for you !
 This is a very inexpensive way to find out if your house is healthy . Very easy to use and can be a revelation . We found out our son 's room -LRB- an old addition to our house -RRB- was incorrectly wired and had unsafe electro-magnetic activity right where he did homework and where he slept . He moved out immediately and we are looking into fixing the wiring in the room . We never would have known !
 I am going on a ghost hunt for my birthday and I thought it would be fun to have a meter to take with us . I received the product on time , on the exact day I was told it would arrive . I turned it on and it immediately spiked up to the red light . I walked around my house with it and it stayed spiked up to the red the entire time . I took it outside and the meter never went down . I turned it on and off several times but it would only register into the red . I figured I either have ghosts , my house and yard are totally electrified , or it needs a new battery . I took out the battery that came in it , which was a GE heavy duty green 9 volt , and swapped it with the 9 volt that was in my digital weight scale . The meter worked fine after that , staying in the green and spiking into the yellow when I was near an outlet and going red only near the tangle of wires behind my computer and near the panel box . I then put the GE battery into my weight scale and the digital readout looked like scrambled letters . I threw the battery out but kept the meter .
 Fast delivery , kind service . I can measure how far away to stay from my laptop or certain appliances . I did n't realize how much emf radiation my aquarium water filter emitted ! I moved it from my bedroom to downstairs and relived i 'm not sleeping next to that anymore.Definitely worth it for the price , and great for adults and kids alike who need a reliable tool to measure how far to stay away from appliances or for fun , see if you have ghosties in your home . : pThank you ! : D
 I keep hearing bad reviews on all these amateur ghost hunting products , but guess what ... They are cheap so we can still use the equipment we desire . Sure they are n't $ 3000 dollars or top of the line , but it still works and does what it claims . Silly people keep saying things like `` It detects my cell phone '' , or `` It shows high levels around my furnace '' . Duh , so try it in a building with no power moron .
 This is a great started E.M.F. meter for the amature ghost hunter , if you are looking for a starter eter this is the meter for you . Its inexpensive and the three lights are easy to see in the dark .
 I purchase the Gaussmeter for my wife . She and a group of her friends have started a ghost hunting organization some years ago . I was just one more piece of equipment that was added to their arsenal of gadgets . She said it works very well . The price was outstanding and it works flawlessly .
 Our group was looking for a simple inexpensive meter for our ghost hunts . We have the Mel meters , but they took constant monitoring . With the ELF meter the lights alert us to EMF force and we can then switch to our more expensive equipment . This allows us to pay more attention to our surroundings instead of constantly watching a meter gague .
 Purchased this meter to detect magnetic fields that may affect certain electronic equipment . For the price , it did fine in providing suggested sources of interference . A more expensive model will probably provide what I need better , but this was a great price . The seller performance was good as shipping was fast , albeit the white plastic casing of the meter I received was faded and yellowed - likely from extended storage and sun damage .
 For those that want to start the world of ghost hunting , this product is good for basic learning . Works when you need it .
 This meter is a little bit mislabeled , but once you understand what it is , you will see what a great deal it is . This is NOT an extra low frequency meter in regards to sound . This is a single axis Electromagnetic Field -LRB- EMF -RRB- detector , designed ALMOST exactly like a K2 Meter . In fact it has all the same features as a K2 meter , except it is calibrated to read a slightly lower range of EMF . A K2 meter reads 20-30 ,000 Hz and this meter reads 10-20 ,000 Hz.Around the house , it hits on all the same areas my K2 does , sometimes more or less sensitive , but just as accurate . I purchased this for paranormal investigation and it is just as useful as my other EMF detectors . It seems to be durable and reliable , and I will buy more for my team to use at this price .
 Well did you ever wonder and make a purchase anyways , this was that product and BINGO within a day BINGO action ! Should I say it , gees the only thing I did not have in the room -LRB- looked like Ms. James Bond -RRB- was that green lazer pen and voice recorder but make not doubt , a visitor who took pleasure in the chair , yep , AGAIN ! active indeed , gees I already knew but this scientific stuff-gees the proof , plain and simply proof-sitting right in the chair next to the bed HELLO ! The best for last I guess after the great happening of sad affair with humans up to no good , gees double value for the money , no it does not , should say did not pick up on the human up to no good happening but the following near night time sure set all the alarms off and the final piece after seeing this E.LF . Thingy light up was that cell sensor busting device lead right to the chair , gees wish I had that green lazer thing , tried to get ghostbusters here but situation the night before along with another happening n completely different part of the house-well thought I leave it to the expert as I am only a sensitive individual , AHUM ! Sister ofCheap -LRB- not how it is made , the bucks $ $ $ $ -RRB- , not the first piece you buy BUT excellent value and validation to activity of sorts ! Easy throw the batteries in and turn switch on and set aside and and and and-don ' t get disappointed you never know-AHUM !
 It works great but even a screw driver will set if off . That 's good though as we want it to be sensitive . VERY short range , so if you are ghost hunting you better not be near any electric fields or electricity at all . The only downside is that it takes a 9 volt battery and there is not a meter to tell how high or little the read out is .
 I was excited to receive this . I slapped a battery in and turned it on . I was surprised to see that there is n't as much pollution in my small apt . as I thought there would be . Also , was kind of disappointed to see no emf levels from my cell phone , computer , computer monitor , and lamp . I thought cell phone , and definitely the computer would be dirty . I thought my old television would put out a huge emf field , but the meter read safe only 18 '' away . I did find that my whole bathroom was ` danger ' . There is an electrical room on the other side of it , so that makes sense . I am sure the meter is working properly ; I tested it by holding close to oven and stove-top burners , then turning them on . The meter lit up to danger right away . I am thinking about getting a Trifield , but am not sure if it would yield better results , probably just more refined . In the end I think it was definitely worth 13 bucks .
 works great and arrived sooner than expected . product is just what is discribed by seller . kudos to seller
 This was recommeded by a friend and we have used it at our beach home and our cabin , it has given us a great insight into the possible EMFs that lurk around each corner , thank you for this invention .
 Good extra gaussmeter to have around . Works well & it does not hurt to use this one in addition to the more popular EMF detecter . Worth the price you pay for this item .
 It does n't have the needle meter but works great for individuals that ghost hunt . All you need is the indicator to alert you and it does fine for this . I loaded batteries in the two I purchased and have never had to replace them , they are great with energy consumption . Small and light , they are great on a hunt .
 Since having a newborn , I worry about everything . This is the cheapest way to find out what electrical currents are wreaking havoc with your biological systems . It works ! and is very affordable .
 I bought this light fixture to match a Pfister faucet I just installed in my newly remodeled bathroom . While my faucet is n't the Mariella , it still matches almost perfectly.The chrome is hefty , solid and shiny . It doesnt ' look cookie cutter like many other light fixtures out there -LRB- which was my goal -RRB- and looks like a high quality item.I am thrilled with it !
 Contractor disclosed that this fixture was of good quality and installed with no issues . I purchased two , one for each mirror in my dual sink vanity application . I was going to buy single light fixtures originally , but my contractor suggested the double lights and he was right . Finish is of good quality and globes are good as well .
 -LSB- UPDATE 7-31-09
 I have used this stapler a few times with no problems at all.For the price , I would recommend this tool to anyone who is looking for one.I just love it and I would give it a 10 out of 10
 I 've become partial to Bostitch nailers and staplers after owning and borrowing numerous other brands but they tend to be on the expensive end of the price spectrum . I recently had a job come up utilizing a new material . The instructions called for installing with an upholstery stapler but I could n't envision using that tool for any other purpose . An 18-ga narrow-crown stapler seemed like it would do the trick and might have some other uses . The price needed to be kept low since I wanted to expense the tool in one job.I 've been pleased with the router bits that were purchased from Grizzly and the other reviews of this stapler were pretty good so I decided to give it a try.First , the bad . The safety goggles that the lawyers require be included are cheap . The oil bottle is worthless as it does not seal up and would leak all over the inside of the case when handling . The tip of the stapler had some burrs which required stoning so as not to scratch up the substrate being stapled.The good
 I recently installed a wood shadowbox style fence in my backyard . Since this was a one-man DIY project my plan was to attach the fence pickets to a top and bottom support rail with 1.5 inch stainless steel staples , then staple on a top and bottom trim piece to mirror the support rail on the opposite side -LRB- so the fence appears the same on both sides -RRB- and then use just a few screws in each corner and middle to sandwich the completed panel together . The idea was to save time and money by using staples wherever possible and fewer screws but still end up with a sturdy fence.I own several Porter Cable air tools , but the PC stapler I own only accommodates narrow crown staples not exceeding 1 '' in length . I was n't sure I wanted to spend $ 85 - $ 100 on a new Porter stapler that would handle the 1.5 '' long staples so I figured I 'd try the Grizzly Deep Stapler Kit . The gun could not have performed any better . It was perfect . I fired just under 2,500 staples in this fence WITHOUT a single jam or misfire . Each staple sank with the same consistency and seemed to bite really well - so well that I almost reconsidered the need to use screws anywhere on the completed fence -LRB- I did as originally planned -RRB- . As a bonus the gun even came with a storage case -LRB- although it seems pretty flimsy - but my Porter stapler came with nothing so the case is better than that -RRB- and a set of protective goggles.For $ 31 -LRB- including shipping charges -RRB- you ca n't go wrong with the Grizzly !
 this is one fine stapler never miss fired in over five thousand staples . at the incredible price of 39.00 brand new , an excellent value . great for cabinet work , molding , trim , even shingles -LRB- cedar 1/2 round -RRB- . replaces a brad nailer in a number cases . Only draw back is the storage case it could be larger to store extra staples . its a home run otherwise
 Wow , What a perfect rachet . Its better quality then Craftsman . German engineering at its best . The rachet mechanism is very fine , like clock-work . the locking flex head helps at odd angles . The plastic handle does its job ... I like it better then the mushy silicon ones .
 This switch does what its supposed to . It matches the other white switches i have in the bank . I have n't had any issues with it .
 This looks great in a grouping of decora/paddle switches . Pretty easy slide action . Makes detecting what speed your polar bear set it to from anywhere within 20 feet .
 This ceiling fan switch was perfect it did what it said it would do there was no jiggling of the switch itself , what I men is that there was no play in the knob . The garbage that I had before it felt loose , I had to tap the knob gently to get it to move into the level I wanted it to it was just complete garbage . This switch is nice it goes into its one of three levels and it stays , if I want the fan on at it 's max there more problem with that either . My wife enjoys it for the same reasons now she can have the kids make dust nets without hassle . Lurton you met our objective ...
 These things look nice , and are easy to install . I even had a question and I called Lutron and they were able to answer my question remarkably fast .
 Simple to install as 3-speed -LRB- plus off -RRB- controller of fan speed ; bedroom wall location allows adjusting fan speed while lying in bed . Internal components make the switch relatively large ; you 'll want to install it in a deep box to have ample room for wire nuts.Lutron SFSQ-FH-WH Electronics Slide-To-Off Fan Speed Control , White
 This flag was just as described . Its installation was easy and it looks great . It is heavy duty metal so I expect that it will last a long time . Good value for the price .
 A simple installation with no problems . I recommend this dimmer to anyone interested in adjusting the light intensity of a light array .
 This installed very easily and worked like a charm ! No complaints ! I 've had this installed for several months now and it 's still working perfectly .
 Our old switch -LRB- the same as this one -RRB- was installed about 2 years ago . It started making a buzzing noise , so we replaced it w / this one . It was easy to install and works perfectly .
 This is a basic light switch that I use for a overhead fan/light . The fan has three power settings allowing for a low/medium/high fan speeds and a dimmer slide for the light on the fan.Basic installation and use . It is a simple light switch and works as it should . Price was a little much when I bought it -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , but it was the cheapest I could find .
 I purchased two of these and they work great . Just set your fan to full speed and leave the light on , then control it with this.Someone else installed but , so I ca n't comment on that .
 I bought several of these switches when I installed ceiling fans in my bedrooms . It works flawlessly ! The switches slide without binding like you may find on lesser switches . Being able to control the light and fan seperately is an easily overlooked , but very nice upgrade . I highly recommend this setup .
 Bought this to replace my Hunter fan switch that broke in less than a year . Problem was the slide tabs both broke off.Who designed this ? It was obvious the tabs were not strong enough . I hope this Lutron fan and light controlwill last longer . The tabs appear to be made stronger but only time will tell .
 This is an excellent dimmer/fan switch . Easy to install . When operating the ceiling fan , there is no humming , heat or electrical noise .
 I have installed a few of the Lutron switches in my house . All work great and were at the min . $ 20 less than the big box stores locally . Plus I got them quickly .
 Have had Lutron fan/light controls before and they are simply the best . Easy to use and reliable . This version is my favorite as it is easy to control either light or fan individually . My builder had installed the Lutron with the toggle switch and small sliders for the fan -LRB- on/off as well as speed control -RRB- on the left and light dimmer on the right . Too difficult to use the miniature sliders so this unit is a great substitute and this is the best price by far I could find .
 Bought this along with a turtle three light fitter to add some light to my daughter 's room and give her more control/easier access to controlling the light and fan . The installation was relatively easy after I fished the new wire through the wall and it works beautifully . The light dimmer is smooth and allows for unlimited range of lighting options . The fan dimmer has three distinct speeds and of course off . As our fan was on the cheaper side and only had three settings to begin with , we were please with the ease of adjustment . If your fan has more than three speeds , this may not be the switch for you .
 My old Lutron switch lasted about 10 years before one of theslide switches broke . I ordered a duplicate switch and it works like a charm .
 It Works as Expected . It Was Easy to Install . It Arrived in plenty of time . It Seems to be Sturdy .
 N i c e. P r o d u c t burnos desarmadores a muy buen preci o , ,
 The product was exactly as advertised , and exactly what I needed . I tried searching the local stores -LRB- Tractor Supply , ACE , Home Depot , Lowes -RRB- , and nobody carried the product that I needed . I turned to Amazon - who had a relationship with Northern Tool , and they had what I needed . The product was delivered when they promised , and it was the product that I ordered . My `` kudos '' to both Amazon and Northern Tool !
 Seems to be built well for the long haul . I like the idea of the holder fitting the tape measure snug but sometimes it makes it difficult to get tape out of holding pouch .
 The `` DEWALT D5130 Ballistic Nylon Tape Measure Holder '' is similar in material to the `` Leatherman '' nylon multi-tool sheaths which last me years with everyday use . It holds my 25 ' and 30 ' Stanley PowerLocks , 25 ' Komelon and 25 '' Craftsman tapes snug , with or without the metal belt clip . Finger pressure through the access hole in the bottom release the tapes without a problem . Made in China , it is well constructed , stiff enough to hold its shape and held together with 10 rivets . The belt loop is large enough to fit any tool belt up to 3 '' wide . It may wear out from use , but should n't dry and tear like leather will in the same conditions .
 I use this on my leather framing rig , holds a 25 ' Stanley fat max extreme securely
 my tape measure holder fits great on my dewalt top grain leather belt and it gives me easy access to my tape .
 This is a winner . I use my vac hard and this filter keeps the dust in the vac just like it should . Great buy for us
 This product has solved a big problem for me . Cleaning my pellet stove with my Shop Vac has been a pain for years because no matter how forcefully I pressed the keeper ring over the paper/foam filter , at random times the ring would slip off the filters and fine ash would spray into the room . I learned to drape the vac with a big wet towel , and that helped ease the damage.I decided to buy a better Shop Vac . But I discovered that there are better filters for every Shop Vac . And this one works ! I did n't expect it to fit my 15 year old vac , but as it says on the package
 I got this filter along with some fine dust bags to use in my shop vac . This combination eliminates any dust at all from the exhaust keeping the air very clean . I use the Shop Vac with my router , biscuit joiner , table saw , and miter saw and the air in my shop stays very clean.Do some research on the health hazards of fine dust and you will want to add this to your shop vac !
 I received this filter very soon after I ordered.The filter was the exact part I neededI was very pleased with the service I received.Thank youDavid
 I am very happy with the supplier . I received it on time . The productworks very nice .
 This pouch also has a tape chain that is not shown.There is enough room for just about every thing you will use on the day to day job site.I use the loops in the main pockets for my nut drivers -LRB- leaving the 11/32 in my tool box , which now has a home in my truck bed tool box -RRB- . My different pliers will fit nicely in the outer pockets.This will leave space for the level ,10 / in/1 , channel locks , and other tools in the main pouch.The most used screw drivers -LRB- # 1 phillips , finishing -RRB- will fit into the side loops of the `` Dwalt '' logo loop , with my `` wiggie '' in a `` old radio '' belt holder case in the middle part.If I did not know better I would say `` Who ever thought this pouch up , must have been a electricion who was tire of carring his/her tool box on a wheel dolly '' . Wish I had saw this years ago before I bought thoughs other `` electical `` Brand name '' pouches , and still had to carry the tool box.This pouch is well wourth the money.The photo here does not do Justice to the product -LRB- Amazon-reason for not having the 5th * -RRB- .
 This is the fourth pouch I 've tried , in a relatively short time , and clearly the best I could find , for any price . The beefy , riveted construction makes me confident that I will not be shopping for one again in the near future . This is a well-designed pouch for an electrician . With the large number of pockets , dividers , and loops , I have an intelligent place to keep every tool . I do n't have to rummage through a pocket to find something that has slipped out of place , I can keep my eyes on my work and grab what I need from exactly where I keep it . The thick leather grips my tools much better than nylon , saving me trips down the ladder to retrive lost items . Plus , I 'm certain it will wear better . -LRB- I wore out a nylon pouch purchased from a home center in 30 days , carrying less tools ! -RRB- The tape chain and the metal , measuring-tape clip -LRB- not shown in photo -RRB- are useful as well . I can simply , comfortably carry more tools in this tough pouch than any other I 've tried or seen on the jobsite . I heartily recommend it .
 I have been an electrician for 25 years . I spent hours researching/looking for a quality pouch . This is ` the best ' . I have never seen it an any electrical supply house . I can only assume that DeWalt will not let the electrical houses carry only select products . I am glad that DeWalt spent a few extra dollars to make a quality leather pouch . A pouch usually lasts me about 5 years . This one will probably last me till I do n't need it anymore .
 I am not an electrician , just a homeowner , but do my own maintenance and remodeling . I needed a new tool pouch , as tools were falling out of my old one , so I really shopped hard , & finally settled on this one . The Klein model , popular with electricians is nice , but I feel this one is superior , and was only $ 3 more than the Klein.I agree with another reviewer , this piece is better than it looks in pix . The leather is thick , high quality , very sturdy . There are more tool compartments than the Klein . This will hold a lot of tools ! -- for me , my regular tools , plus a few extras specific to the job at hand . I use it for all kinds of home maintenance & remodeling , not just electrical work . When I have other hardware trinkets , parts , etc , to carry , I put my carpenter 's pouch on the other side of my tool belt , and put those items in it . Then I hang my screw gun on a Husky hook designed for same on the tool belt , and I 'm fully outfitted.My suggeston -- if you 're shopping for a new tool pouch , give this one a look .
 This is a very well made pouch , even better than similar pouches from Klein . This pouch will carry all of the tools you use most commonly on the job , wire stripper , linemans , screw drivers , nut drivers , needle nose , tick tester , level , flashlight , etc. . Even with all of the tools I carry I still have extra room for even more . Great pouch , will most likely outlast my last pouch .
 I would highly recommend this pouch . It is labelled as an electricians pouch , but I use it a a carry all pouch on my rig . I am a remodelor / carpenter , and spend better than 60 % of my time doing finish carpentry and this pouch holds just about everything I need on a daily basis . My tape clips on the front , it holds my pencil , nail sets , chisels , torpedo level , knife , screwdrivers , wire cutters , a couple pairs of pliers , my angle tool , my micro gauge -LRB- for setting my router bit depth -RRB- , and even my channel locks . I purchased this several years ago when I was just a weekend warrior , but have been using it commercially now for over three years , with no significant wear . This is a very high quality product , and is well worth the investment .
 Not much say , it is an exact replacement and shipped promptly . Vac is good again . These are extra words to satisfy the monitors .
 I bought a $ 69 vacuum for my pellet stove to remove ash and needed a replacement filter but this proved to be too big by about a half inch in diameter - bummer . I finally tracked down the `` hard to find '' filter and the company that makes it wants $ 18 for it plus $ 20 for shipping ! $ 20 for shipping !?!? I decided to patch the little holes in the original filter that had formed from some red-hot embers with some caulk to hold for the season . The replacement filter would be more than half the price of the whole vacuum .
 Lowe 's used to carry this cartridge filter , but recently discontinued it so we were pleased to find it on Amazon ; it 's exactly what we 've been looking for !
 This is a great product for the price . Ca n't find it in our local Wal-Mart store . This is a good deal so will purchase again .
 This fit my wall-hang up Shop Vac perfectly , and was cheaper than in any stores around here ... especially Lowe 's . Works as expected .
 Shop Vac is my favorite for when I trim my dogs . The filters work great . And I will always use them . Plus Amazon has everything I need all the time . And the price is right.Thanks
 I use the shopvac for my car and the filter pretty much keeps the vac 's motor from dust and particles . I 'm sure it wo n't rank with a hepa filter but who cares when using it for cars or water pick ups ?
 This is the perfect shop vac for the garage as it conveniently mounts on the wall bracket included and features a very long hose to easily reach from the wall into your car for vacuuming . For jobs outside the garage , you can simply release the vacuum from the wall bracket and take it anywhere you need it . I have never replaced the filter , but have frequently knocked out alot of the accumulated dirt/dust .
 I recommend this vacuum for more than a shop vac . It works great inside the house for cleaning up dirt and dust . The cord reaches approximately 5 feet . The hose reaches a long way and does not tangle . It holds alot of dirt and dust .
 This filter was easy to install and fit perfectly . I would and have recommended this product to all of my friends . .
 I bought 2 as they need to be replaced at least 1/yr and a good buy thru Amazon Prime.They can be cleaned and reused but not indefinitely.A very good product and together with my hanging shop vac very useful .
 It is worth ordering online instead of paying full price at the store . I will reorder when I need another
 Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Can you tell i think its great !
 Works perfect with my Shop Vac . Had trouble finding them in the stores . So glad I found them at a reasonable price .
 Finally found it . Usually stores sale vacuums and forget about the filters . This one worked great . Perfect size , just had to make sure had the right one
 Product does as described and fits as described . Not really sure if it is more durable since I have not used it extensively !
 Not a lot to say about a filter , it fit , was a good price and delivery was very quick.Should be ready for another one in about 6 months . Make sure to use your sleeve .
 It 's a filter folks , no much to say ... it arrived quickly , fits , traps dirt , and is just like the original and cheaper from Amazon !
 I just had a bad experience with an auto cabin air filter from Amazon
 No problems , works as well as the filter that came with the vacuum cleaner than purchased .
 I 'm using this filter in my wall hung shop vac.Because this vac is used to collect sawdust from my small band saw and belt sander , it clogs fairly quickly , but the system works well and is very compact . Over the past eight years or so that the vac has been used this way , I found that by using a piece of 1/4-20 allthread , a few nuts and washers I could fit two filters together into my shop vacuum . This provided a 100 % increase in filtering and lets me extend the time between service cleaning the vacuum tank and filters . I order the filter four at a time which gets me free shipping from Amazon , so this works out to be a pretty good deal . Four filters will last me three years or more depending on use .
 As the title says , filter only . . do n't throw away that base piece quite yet . Little disappointed that the picture is not honest . Sears routinely runs a by one , get one 50 % off and the price is the same . . 8 bucks and they include the base.I still buy it from Amazon for the convience .
 I use this filter with all my dry vacuuming . I use it with a filter bag for drywall and orbital sander dust . Otherwise , it would clog more easily than I have patience for . If it gets clogged when vacuuming coarser material , you can just take it out and knock/scrape the debris off . When I use only the foam sleeve , fine dust gets blown into the air and settles on the stuff in my garage.Product descriptions on amazon.com can be a bit sparse sometimes , but it was fairly easy to find the filter I wanted because the product number matches the one on the ShopVac website . It would have given me some peace of mind if either amazon.com or ShopVac identified this filter as `` Type AA '' , which one would assume was the model number based on its prominence on the packaging .
 I noticed that my Shop Vac Hang-Up Pro had stopped sucking very effectively . After cleaning out the hose that my teenage son used to suck up paper towels , I also noticed that the filter was FILTHY ! I do n't think I had changed it since I 've owned this Shop Vac , so I came to Amazon and found this filter on the cheap . With Prime shipping , it was here in 2 days .
 I have used shop-vacs for years and the company 's filters have always performed accordingly . I sometimes think that the other `` sweeper companies '' could learn a lot from shop-vac and their customer oriented approach to business .
 so , it is easy enough to purchase your shop-vac the big box store , but when it comes to the filter , good luck . they did n't carry the one for my shop-vac , but as usual , amazon to the rescue . i found it here with no problem .
 Great product . Works like a charm . Powerful for the size , perfect for the garage workshop .
 I had this for about 4 years before it finally crapped out.The accessorys it came with were excellent and covered just about every job I 'd ever had to use it for.It is fairly powerful , worked well on both dry and wet jobs , no complaints here.It 's lightweight , portable and the build quality of the unit is excellent.The only downfall is that I used this lightly , and when it died I took the unit apart to see if the motor could be fixed . It is not replaceable and had rusted out almost completely . Engine build quality is a bit suspect.As it wasnt the most expensive purchase in the world , I would still recommend it , good value for the money but keep it mind it wo n't last forever . 4 stars .
 This shop vac has enough power to sweep my vehicle . It is light weight so I can move from the garage to the driveway . The long hose is great when I use it while mounted in my garage . The power cord could be a little longer is the only slightly negative
 I just put this up in my garage last week . It works great and does everything I wanted it to do . No more struggling with a broom .
 This shop-vac is second to none . Works excellent !! There 's nothing it ca n't pick-up . In fact , if your not careful it will pick up items you did n't mean to vacuum . The wall mounting was very easy and it 's great for holding all of the vacuums accessories .
 great vac - i no longer have to drag out the old shop vac when my wife needs to vac her car . its hanging on the wall by her car and the car gets vacuumed more often because it is so convienent . jim watkins
 i AM USING THIS VACUUM ON MY CUT OFF SAW . i HAVE A SWITCH THAT STARTS THE VACUUM WHEN THE SAW STARTS AND RUNS FOR 5 SECONDS AFTER THE SAW IS OFF . WORKS VERY WELL . i HAVE IT HANGING ON THE WALL ABOVE THE SAW .
 This `` Shop Vac '' is pretty handy , I mounted mine on my wall where I park at , so when I go to clean up my cars the Vacuum is right there . If it wont reach the other car , just with one finger press the release latch and carry it over.Really well thought out , handy , and easy to clean.My only gripe is it could be a little more powerful on the vacuum part . But Heck , I wish all the vacuums I had were more powerful also .
 I use it mainly in the garage but it 's easy to carry it around anywhere in the house . The long hose helps to reach many places without dragging it around . Suction is powerful enough for me . It 's a bit noisy but that does n't bother me . The hose is a little too soft , it 's easy to squash it with your fingers . For average all around use it does a great job .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift along with bags and a filter . The product was a described and was shipped in a timely manner .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Lowe 's sells a similiar product with 1/2 HP less motor ... and it makes a difference . 20 ft hose works well ... received the product within three days ... happy customer !!
 I bought this type vacuum to replace the one I had that rolls on the floor . I have a one car garage with very little floor space and this was n't a good use of it . The wall mounted vac is up and out of the way , so I 'm not tripping over it or having to move it when I work on my car . It does a great job of cleaning the interior of my car and other garage jobs . Good power and small accessories that can get into cramped spaces . I 'm very happy with this product !
 I would recommend the Shop Vac 9520262 5 Gallon Wall Mounted Vacuum to any one that has a garage and cars to keep clean . Easy to install on the wall . Vacuum has great power.Shop-Vac 9520262 5-Gallon 4.5-Peak HP Hang Up Wall Mounted Wet/Dry Vacuum
 I do love this vac , and use it quite often , but some of the good things about it are also bad at times . For one , the hose ... it is REALLY long , so you do n't have to drag the unit all over the place . But being really long means I also end up stepping on or tripping over the hose when using in tight spaces -LRB- have n't broken or cracked the hose `` yet '' though -RRB- , and the length does also cause the hose to get kinked and clog up quite a bit . I still give it 4-stars though because it definitely does the job it is meant to do without my worrying I 'll have it suck something up that will break the vac or burn out the motor . The wife would murderize me if I used the household vac for some of the chores I use this shop-vac for !
 Bought the replacement Bags listed as `` Frequently Bought Together '' . . Bags do n't fit ... It ` as made for the regular Shop vacuums . . Even the Bag package shows the different canister 's body shape . . Does n't seem to fit in the canister with the Filter . . Maybe it 's one or the other?I would not have bought that replacement bag . . Did anybody that writes these `` Frequently Bought Together '' check if they work together?Or , is another 100 people will get sold these Bags that do n't fit?mmmmmmmm ...
 I bought this vacuum cleaner as an all purpose vacuum for my basement which includes the `` kids kave '' , laundry room , storage room , plus 2 litter boxes . This vacuum is doing a great job , especially with the 18 foot hose ! Great vacuum cleaner/shop vac .
 I originally purchased this vac in 2002 . I mostly use this little vac on a 21/2 inch dust collection system for my table saw and miter saw . It does a real good job of removing dust and chips from the two tools . I have it hanging on a 10x10 post to one side of my small shop and can vacuum the whole shop floor with the 18 foot vac hose that came with the machine . It has a good selection of tools and filter replacement is fast and easy . However , it is noisy . It actually drowns out the sound of my table saw . The 4 '' Delta dust collector I use for my planer and jointer is actually quieter than this little vac . I will continue to use it -LRB- maybe build a sound box for it -RRB- , because it does do a great job . Except for the noise level , I would reccommend it to anyone.An update ... Nov. 2004 ... 8 months after I got this machine it started making strange growling sounds at shutdown , and was getting very hot . I called Shop Vac 's customer service and the rep was extremely helpful . She told me to put it in the orig box and ship it back to them and they would replace or repair it free . I commented that the orig box was long gone , and could I use a generic box . She said never mind , we will send you a new unit and you put the old one in that box and send it back . Three days later the new machine showed up , I unpacked it and repacked the old one , applied the shipping label they supplied and sent it back . The replacement machine has worked flawlessly now for about a year and a half . Want to thank Shop Vac for their excellent customer service.Update ... April 2005 . . This little vac is still hanging on it 's post and doing a great job . It probably averages 2-3 hours of run time every day and has performed perfectly . It now only services the miter saw , r/o sanders , large disc sander and of course cleaning the shop -LRB- everything else is on the 4 '' -RRB- . Still highly recommend this vac ... it is a great little tool.UPDATE ... JANUARY 2007 . . It 's still hanging on its post and still doing a great job . Ya got ta love a machine that keeps on delivering great performance year after year . Still highly recommend this vac.STILL JAN 2007 ... shortly after writing the update above my little vac began to make weird noises at shutdown . I contacted my local repair shop and was told if they had to get into the motor it would cost over $ 100 to repair . They recommended that I contact Shopvac direct . I called the 1-800 number and after speaking to a very nice young lady , discovered I could purchase a new motor for $ 40 , including shipping . Needless to say I ordered one . It took about ten days to arrive in the mail and took less than 15 minutes to install . My little vac is once again doing its job , still hanging on the same post for over five years . I think any electrical appliance that will last five years with the use and abuse this one has had is a great machine . Still highly recommend .
 I bought 3 of these units for Christmas presents , including myself . The product was so new that the store personnel had no feedback , so I took a chance . We love it ! The portability is fantastic . My son has his hanging on the wall in his workshop and takes it off the convenient wall holder to use in other areas . I have n't bothered to attach my holder , as I carry it all over the house , garage and Suburban . The long hose and cord make it much easier to use than a normal shop-vac which I also own . The regular shop-vacs are a pain to pull after you , while this unit enables you to cover alot of area before you have to move it The suction is strong . It has a slim shape so fits into tight areas or stores easily . Changing a filter takes about 30 seconds . It is beautifully designed to carry about . I will buy more of these in the future .
 What A wonderful wonderful , vacuum . WHAT POWER !!!! Every garage in America should have this . This Shop-Vac does not miss any dust . You have got to give this A try !!!!
 Living in a forest and with 7 indoor cats , I needed a shop vac that could really suck up the constant fur shed , scattered dry catfood , and the leaf mold that 's always being tracked in . This little vac is handy , compact , and works great at getting up everything in its path . I 'm very pleased with that aspect . However , although the hose is quite long -LRB- a bit too long ; it 's rather unwieldy at times -RRB- , the power cord is too short . If the hose and cord lengths were more equal , the vac would be perfect . Still , for the price and power , it 's a good shop vac and does the job I need it to do .
 I bought this shop vac mainly for the reason that I can hang it on the wall . If your like me , space is at a premium ... I have a one car garage that is my workshop ... between the table and band saws there is no room for a typical top-heavy shop vac that is always in the way . This one completely solves that ... it 's thin , light , hangs on the wall , and has an ultra long hose -LRB- I think 18 feet -RRB- so you can get anywhere . Suction is a tad lacking , due to it 's compact size , and the long hose sometimes tangles and causes some things to clog , but not enough to change my opinion ... I highly recommend it .
 I 'm so tired of people giving these great items I 've bought a bad rap . I purchased this vacuum as a dust collector for my router table/table saw . We had a cool front come through this past weekend -LRB- Sept 8th -RRB- , and I was able to use this with my router table . It performed flawlessly . I have my router table wired with a Craftman router table switch , that has an extra 120 volt recepticle , and that is what I use to power the vacuum . When the router motor comes on , the vacuum comes on !! It was so great not having to pull out my small Craftsman vac out of my other worktable , where I use it also as a dust collector for my chop saw , and joiner . Just plug this in to the switch , and route the hose to the router table fence !! After I had finished , I used it to vacuum up stray woodchips , and sawdust.I did n't notice any louder vacuum noise , just normal vacuum operation noise . Guess my ear protection works also . This was a great buy , and what an extra plus to have it mounted on the wall , away from the tools , and off of the floor , where I need to watch my step !!!
 The main reason we purchased the Shop Vac Hangup was to replace our bulky , wheeled Craftsman model that we 've had for years . I was tired of tripping over it and storing all of the pieces . This Hang Up vac is great ! It hangs up on the wall in minimal space , neatly stores the attachments and if the car is right next to it , you can vacuum both sides of it since the cord is so long . I would highly recommend this model to anyone who needs a clean car or garage and does n't have a lot of space !
 Had one of these before ; it lasted about 10 years . But it 's a must-have for my garage -- love the ability to vac the cars and keep the floor clean . It 's a little noisy in the garage -- but it 's a vacuum cleaner so I expect that . Comes with sufficient hose and attachments to do everything I come up with . Fit/finish seem just fine .
 I mainly picked this up to save on filters . I have another wall mount unit from Sears , but of course they changed their product line . I set it up the same day I received it in my workshop , so I can clean up the entire room with the long hose ... without having something chase behind me the whole way . Works great!I would suggest picking up an inexpensive plastic garden hose hanger and mount it on the wall near the vacuum in order to try and get a handle on that long hose . I would also suggest getting some sort of basket mounted on the wall for the accessories . I never cared for the accessories bracket that comes with it .
 This is the second of this same model I own . I liked the performance out of such a small unit I bought a second one for use in work trailer .
 I puchased this vacuum to use in my garage both for general clean-up and to vacuum my cars . The vacuum power is great and the storage capacity is good . I am a little disappointed in the fact that all of the tools/accesories that come with the unit can not be put on the accesory rack that comes with it to attach to the wall . I would be nice if Shop Vac would come up with an accessory holder that holds all of the tools at one time , and in such a way as to allow the user to take a tool without having to take the whole thing apart in order to get what you want to use . In addition , they put the hose mount on the canister right in front of the unit . In addition to the thickness of the wall mount and the canister , with the hose attached to the unit , it sticks out from the wall about 20 inches . This is OK if you have a garage with a large space between the automobile you park in it and the wall where the unit is attached to . In my case , there is only about 36 inches between the wall and the car side , which does not allow me to put the unit on that wall without bumping into it in the way all the time when you have to pass by . Perhaps Shop Vac could also consider having the hose come from the side of the unit instead of directly in front of the unit . This would solve the problem entirely . Otherwise it is a powerful good vacuum .
 We use our wall mount shop vac in our fiber mill . It 's got plenty of power do clean our equipment and the mill easily and with the extra long hose we can get everywhere we need to without lugging around a heavy vac . The bonus is that once it fills up it 's easy to clean and it 's never in the way .
 The Shop-Vac Hang-Up 5 gallon 4.5 HP Wet/Dry Wall-Mounted Vacuum is an excellent choice for your garage or workshop . I used it with my workbench vacuum system that I built with PVC pipes . I have a house vacuum system and it work just as good for the price of this vacuum you ca n't go wrong . The suction provided by this vacuum is more powerfull of my house vacuum.I would recommend this vacuum to anyone interested in having a mounted vacuum in their workshop or garage .
 The Shop-Vac Hang-Up 5 gallon Wall-Mounted Wet/Dry Vacuum is an excellent choice for your garage or workshop . Once attached to the wall , it is conveniently accessible for your garage and workshop cleaning tasks.One of the best features is the vacuum 's extra-long hose . In a two-car garage , with the vacuum mounted on the back wall between the car parking spaces , the hose easily reaches all aspects of the car 's interior , and even into the trunk.Another excellent feature is the vacuum 's stability , which arises from it 's wall-mounted feature . Other typical shop-vac 's may not have the stability that this type has , and may frequently tip over . Not so with this vacuum.Importantly , the suction provided by this vacuum is quite powerful , but not forceful enough to damage your vehicle . The many attachments allow for all types of cleaning projects and makes the vacuum very versatile.The on/off switch is located on top of the vacuum and is easy to reach . The noise made by this vacuum is typical of other vacuums.The holding tank is large enough that it does not require emptying after a single use . Emptying the tank is relatively simple to do , and has a convenient bagless feature.I would recommend this vacuum to a consumer interested in having a mounted vacuum in their workshop or garage . It is not designed for mobility , and therefore I would not recommend this vacuum if a mobile vacuum is the consumer 's need . The value is excellent for the price paid .
 Good suction . Great wall mounting system . Nice fit in my shop . I was always tripping over my old shop vac . This is out of the way until needed .
 I wanted a smaller vacuum that hung on the wall out of the way . This unit is exactly what I was looking for . It has great suction and the smaller diameter hose makes it very easy to drag in and around a car . The attachments work great.If you need a small vacuum to clean out your cars , this is the ticket . I have a full size vacuum to clean up around the shop . Just because the name of this vacuum is `` Shop-Vac '' it surely does not imply this is a vacuum for a wood or machine shop . For that you need a larger hose and something more powerful.Other reviews say this is to small for their shop or ca n't pick up chips or dibres . Well ... . you can paint a house with a sash brush . It just takes a very long time . Same with this vac . You ca n't expect this to service a shop . Well , you can , if you accept the limitation of size . For what it 's intended for , it works great.Bravo Shop-Vac . A great product . Thank you .
 This is a great little machine . Hanging on the wall keepsit out of the way and ready to use . I used it to clean out the dryer vent .
 I had one and it has worked perfectly . Bought one for my son because he always came over to use it in his MB 's . Now there 's one mounted in his garage . highly recommend for a car guy .
 Most shop vacs are short and fat and this one is tall and skinny and can hang from the wall -- an important factor for where I need to use and store it . After years of excellent service , the motor on mine died . I wrote to Shop Vac and they sent me a new motor free of charge . Great product and company .
 Bought this to take the place of my 5-gal Rigid that stil works fine , just wanted to free up some floor space in the garage . Not a bad vac for the money and Amazon was a lot cheaper than the other stores I had shopped . It does what it says it does . It sucks ! I think most folks will like it .
 I bought this for the 18ft hose and the slender size . I have this mounted in the bed of my truck for my Mobile Auto Cleaning Business . I can pull up next to a vehicle , run the hose over the side and vacuum without removing the unit . Good suction even though the hose is long . The unit will stand on it 's own if needed . -LRB- not super sturdy , but it will stand upright -RRB- All in all I 'm very pleased .
 hung it in my garage and it worked very well to clean my car . now i do not half to get the vac out of the house , and the long hose works very well
 Very happy with vacuum . It is our second that is why we bought another !!! Price was excellent through Amazon !! Great Vacuum !!!!
 Just got this vacuum today and am already in love with it . We have a large 16 gallon vacuum for the shop that is very loud and cumbersome to move around . This little vacuum is very quiet by comparison and I love the long hose that reaches easily to my work bench . Just exactly what I was looking for . Have it connected to my power saw with a plug that turns them both on at the same time and I am more than pleased .
 I like that this hangs on the wall and is out of the way in the garage . The power is good for most applications ; car clean out or garage vacuuming . Easy to operate , easy to use .
 This is working great . I needed something light weight for the pantry , laundry and walkway , so I could vacuum when needed . The tank hangs in the corner and I can easily reach all the areas I need to clean up , just carrying the light weight hose around . This is great !
 Shop-Vac 952-02-62 Hang Up Pro 5-Gallon 4.5 HP Wet/Dry Wall Mounted VacuumI have had this shop vac for a couple of years . It is great not having to pull the vac around is the best part
 It is nice getting the shop vac off of the floor and up on the wall so I am not tripping over it in the garage . The hose is very long .
 I purchased this vac for my husband in 2004 and it is still going strong . It has been used often due to home improvement projects . Highly recommend !
 This wall mounted vacuum is great ! 18 foot vacuum hose allows you to mount the vacuum in a central area in the garage . You can reach just about every corner without having to do anything except turn it on .
 I would not use this in a wood shop as the hose is to small but just for doing a quick vac in your car or truck it is perfect .
 Got this for hubby so he 'd keep the garage floor clean . Mounted it myself on the garage wall , in the center , where it would reach all the surfaces . Never dreamed I could use it for my car ! It 's so convenient , and has more than enough suction for everything we 've asked of it . Could n't be happier . We can even vacuum up the stairs to the house . Every garage needs one !
 This is the best Shop-Vac I have used . It is way more convenient than the standard Shop-Vac that you have to drag around with you . Its long hose is very convenient and does not hinder its suction performance . It comes with all the necessary attachments . The product was a taller than I had imagined but still a great VAC .
 I have used this Wet/Dry Vac almost continuously since its purchase . Great flexibility to use around the work bench , and then , unclick from the wall hanger and use around the shop . Lightweight -LRB- until full with 3 or more gallons -RRB- Super motor with great suction , for both wet and dry . Not too loud , no louder than a house vac . Love the many accessories and the organizer -LRB- which is mountable as well -RRB- to have everything neat and handy at all times . Extra long reach hose is a blessing ... Very pleased overall with my purchase , I 'm glad I waited until they were in stock again , instead of buying something else . Ca n't go wrong with Shop-Vac name . Craftsman and other names were $ 35 - $ 60 more expensive for lesser powered equipment .
 This unit is good . It would be great if 1 -RRB- the hose never clogged and 2 -RRB- adapters for mating the 1 '' hose to 1-1/4 '' and other sizes were readily available . Those cut to size adapters do n't work - wasted $ 10 on one .
 Pros : Fairly quiet -LRB- lets face it , it 's a shop vac , it will make some noise -RRB- Plenty of powerLarge bucket capacityFilter does not clog easilyGood pre-filter extends the run timeHanging on the wall , it is never in the way and is always ready for useQuality 18 ' hose is very convenientCons : You must remove it from the wall to empty the bucketThe wall mounted accessory rack does not hold all the attachmentsThis is an update of a review that I wrote in January . I have now owned this product for 4 or 5 months and I am still very satisfied . I do a decent amount of wood work and this vac holds its own with my saws , sanders and router table . It is very convenient to have this hanging on the wall , out of the way and ready to go at any time . The other night I wanted to do some sanding , I plugged my sander into power and hooked up the 18 ' vacuum hose and off I went . It has enough flow to keep up with the power tools and enough suction for carpets and car seats . Noise level is good for a shop vac and the long hose and wall mount capability allow you to mount it away from your work area further reducing the noise .
 This is a good vacuum cleaner . But the most important thing is that this is one company that believes in customer service . First rate customer service , the equivalent of Hewlett Packard 's
 My husband just loves this product . The long hose makes it very convenient to use in the garage , for the cars , and even in the house . It is light but powerful and really does the job . I recommend to everyone .
 I bought this primarily to clean up in the workshop around saws.It does a fair job , not at all overly noisy , but it does need a bit more power to be used when some woods are ripped , simply ca n't pickup wood chips larger than dust very well.I like it a lot , just wish it had a little more power .
 I 've had no problems with this shop vac . It is very powerful , light , and very long hose with great adapters . Also , nice length on the extension cord . Adapters come with a mounting rack if you want to hang them on the wall . Overall great product .
 Very handy and powerful . Would have liked an exhaust port for air blowing of tools , etc. .
 Been using it to vacuum up dust on a big painting job . The power is great , the long hose means I sit the canister in the middle of the room and easily reach all the spots I need . It 's got good suction for when my basement floods too , although at 5 gallons it wo n't pump out a lake . My only complaint is that it 's very loud . If I use it for more than a few minutes I wear a headset . Still , I consider it a great buy and would buy it again .
 Purchased this for mainly clean up in the garage and cleaning out cars . Suction is good . No more noisy than a regular vacuum cleaner . Lightweight and comes with attachments to suit about any purpose . Easy to use .
 I bought this vac because I only have my 2 car garage to make sawdust in so everything must move aside to get the cars in . What a great vac in a small package ! It 's out of the way on the wall yet the hose is long enough to reach anywhere I need it . I 'm sure there are more powerful vacs available but when you consider price , size and ability this vac is quality at a value price
 THIS IS THE VERY BEST SHOP VAC MADE . THE PRICE IS OUT OF THIS WORLD AND THE VAC IS VERY USER FRIENDLY . IT HAS THE POWER TO PICK UP SAND FROM MY GARAGE FLOOR . IT WORKS GREAT FOR CLEANING AN AUTOMOBILE ... THE EXTRA LONG HOSE IS JUST FANTASTIC !
 A very convenient shop-vac . It is powerful enough to do the shop clean-ups and the hanging feature and long-reach extension are particularly handy .
 In my shop I have 2 electric miter saws , 1 full size wood lathe2 belt grinders , 2 bench grinders with wire wheels on them1 drill press , 1 10 '' planer 1 metal chop saw , 1 14 '' bandsaw ,1 6 '' jointer , 1 10 '' table saw , 2 router tables , plus a fewhand drills , pad sanders , belt sanders etc etc. . ANyway . . I had a ankle deep acumulation of sawdust/shavings/chips in my shop . This machine is not a superpowerful professional shop tool . On the other hand if you mountit on the wall and then use the 18 ' hose to suck up allthe debris in your shop it works pretty well ... HOWEVERfirst take out the filter that comes in the thing , and replaceit with the foam filter . The finer filter clogged up prettyquick , however cleaned out well with a blast from the compressor.The foam filter ups your suction by about 30 percent . The problem I kept having is that I was getting aclogged hose where the hose meets the machine . Easy to breakup the plug and go on , but annoying . . It seemed to balk themost at the lathe , I had been turning fir table legs theday before . This vac is aimed mostly at the fellow who isgoing to suck up that bit of dust his hand drill makesafter drilling a small hole . However the photos in the ads showa guy vacuuming a bandsaw . . hmmm . . Anyway after cleaning upa mess that was more suited to a much more powerfull vac ; I suspect that this will keep up with the day to day out putof chips/sawdust/shavings that all of my machines make . Theconcept IS a good one . Mount the vac on the wall in a centrallocation , and use the long hose to clean up ... So for smallto medium work I would rate this vac as most suitable . Howeverif you want something that will suck a mouse out of the wallof your garage , no go . . Get one of those 10 amp 10 gallon supervacs . But for the day to day shop upkeep ... It will do ... And after the HARD work is done I will put the finer filterback on , cause with the foam filter on , while you get moresuction , you also get a LOT of dust discharge . . The otherfilter while it does reduce the suction , also reduces the dustoutput to almost nothing ... So for convenient shop cleanup this is a good thing ... Get one ...
 Hung it up in the garage to vacuum the cars thru the winter when they do n't get to the carwash . Works great for that . Good length of hose , good suction , good price . Probably too wimpy to be a shop vac tho .
 I like the power that this vac . has but its a bit loud , wear some hearing protection . The small size is a plus in a small shop , and its easy to carry around and use other places .
 This vac is excellent the hose is so long you never have to take it off the wall , but it is easy if you have to . Very powerfull , get an extra filter , they do last but you will not want any down time with this baby !!!
 Previously had the 4.0 HP version for many years and was thrilled with the performance . It finally wore out and I decided to go to the 4.5 version . This one has great power and will almost suck the truck seats up from their mounts . I 'd recommend this product to anyone that wants a compact , yet powerful vac .
 I have had one like this for years . Now I have bought them for friends and family.Great for cleaning cars and garage .
 I have had the smaller version of this for a number of years , this one is just as versatile , easy to mount and store , and with much improved size and power . I also had a minor problem with how it was made , wrote Amazon explaining problem , the supplier Tool Hardware Shop sent me another unit with no hassle by express delivery in three days . The new one works great and is so handy in that it is not as bulky as other shop vacs but has as much capability as the larger vacs.Outstanding product and outstanding service from the supplier .
 Really like this so far . Works great on furniture and stairs , where my upright does n't go well . Electric cord could be longer , but the long hose makes up for it .
 In my garage I have two welders , a plasma cutter , 80 gal two stage air compressor , two large roller tool boxes , large gun safe , work benches , cabinets and a 72 Nova that does the quarter in 10 seconds . So space is a premium . I almost did not buy this vac because of some of the reviews stating it was to loud and the hose too small ect . But I do not have room for a floor style vac . So I bought it anyway . Amazon got it to me faster than I expected and alot cheaper . I put it on the wall and wow this thing is great . It is not loud like others had said , it vacs up stuff , the hose did not clog up . I used some common sense and did not try to vac up something larger than the hose . This was my first purchase with amazon . And it has been a good experience . And this is a great vac .
 I bought this unit to replace an earlier Shop-Vac unit that had a dead motor -LRB- see review below -RRB- after about a year of intermittent use . This one has a marginally better connection to the tank , which will probably plug up less than the prior unit .2 gripes - the new model has an 18 ' hose , the prior had 20 ' , and the wet pickup foam sleeve supplied will not fit over the filter without tearing . Fortunately , the old one will fit.Also , the wand on the hose end is pretty short , but they did supply 3 extensions . The `` tool racks '' on both are the same joke.After I swapped the hose , I now have plenty of tools , and another hang-up bracket that I can mount on the other side of the garage . Hope this one lasts longer than the last .
 I really like this vacuum!It cleans better than my big vac and , in my opinion , is definitely a lot quieter to use.The suction is great . The fact that it hangs on the wall in my garage means no more tippingover the vacuum , getting hung up around the car tires or tripping over it when cleaning our vehicles.The long hose gives plenty of leeway for reaching anywhere I need to clean.I like the tools and convenient tool holder that also attaches to the wall keeping everything organized and easy to find . The fact that you can remove it from the wall and take it elsewhere is a bonus.You ca n't go wrong on this one . It sweeps away the competition ! ~ The Boss
 I purchased this Shop-Vac for use in my back hallway and laundry room and kitchen area . It works great . We hung it in the laundry room so the noise is absorbed more in the laundry room and not loud in the hallway and kitchen . The suction is excellent . The length of the hose is great . I would take this over a normal vacuum cleaner anyday .
 You really need to try this vaccuum cleaner . It 's probably the best one I 've ever owned !! It works better than some of the more expensive ones I 've had over the years . Try it for yourself . You 'll be glad you did .
 I have had this vacuum for over a year now . Using the high-efficiency filter , this vacuum is primarily used to vacuum our pellet stove . Typically this vacuum is used 4 times a week from October through March . Overall impressions
 My husband and kids really like this shop vac for the garage ... neatly stores on the wall for quite clean-ups and for vacuuming the cars ... we use it all the time .
 I bought this for my husband for Father 's Day because our old one had broken . He liked it a lot and said it was working well .
 If you are doing project in the house , the last thing one wants to do is carry the vac back forth from the shop . This vac is perfect for a small shop like mine -LRB- 12 x 17 -RRB- . Once done sawing or sanding , I now have a vac , hanging on the wall ready for the clean up . I like the long hose and does a good job in keeping my shop so what clean .
 The order was shipped as promised , and has worked fine , after several uses .
 I bought my husband a Dremel for Christmas and after reading the reviews on several websites opted to buy him this attachment . He loves it and immediately knew what it do with this piece . In my world buying awesome power tools for my hubby makes me sexier lol .
 begause its one of mani usefull dremel attachment you can trust dill and grind polish you can drill in tide spaces
 This extension tool is an ideal for your dremel if you want to make some cuts in 90 angles or any other use that you will use it.Thanks .
 this little right angle attachment is perfect for those hard to reach corners and other places that are a hassle to get to with the larger Dremel tool . For some people it would even make the use of the tool easier as it would make it sit in your hand comfortably as you work on a horizontal area .
 This attachment hac made more cuts possible for me . That alone makes it worth it . But more Collet 's . Right now I am playing Musical Collet Nut , and it is not a fun game . I have two of these and keep one on a wood chuck head and the other on a diamond circular . It swaps out easily and though having a single blade for each attachemnt is lazy , it actually makes more sense to me .
 one of the best dremel attachments I ever bought for the kind of work I do.the price was very reasonable
 Tool worked excellent . I used it along with a diamond wheel to cut some travertine tile and it worked excellent . I can see where having this accessory will be helpful in many applications . Excellent quality and design .
 I do a lot of renovate-remodel-update-upgrade work that involves using large tools in small spaces -LRB- under sinks , around electric circuits -RRB- . Combining this attachment with my Dremel makes fabrication/removal so much easier than using a hacksaw and file .
 I am in the middle of carving a pegasus and getting in behind the wings was a problem until I got this attachment . It did exactly what I hoped it would . Now the feathers on the wings stand out much better . Thank you for this problem solver .
 I use my Dremel tool all the time . I saw the right angle tool , and knew I wanted one of those . It bailed me out nearly as soon as I received it from Amazon . I had to drill small screw pilot holes right up next to an oak window sash , where the whole tool would not fit . No problem with the Dremel Right Angle tool . It is absolutely worth the few bucks it cost .
 This attachment does what it 's suppose to but take care with it as it is mostly plastic and is intended for light weight use .
 This is the deal that will make all your Dremel Max friends jealous.Tell me you will never need a right-angle attachment.This is not an accessory as much as it is a necessity .
 I bought this item expecting to use it frequently but so far it has just sat in my dremel box unused .
 Southern California Guy was prompt in sending me the right angle adapter It was as advertised New , but from another Dremel kit/set
 This is one more amazing attachment/add on for my Dremel Rotary Tool . It 's wonderful and I do n't know how I managed without it.I make bird houses with bling as well as garden art . The angle attachment allows me to get a drill bit , sander , or buffing pad into the small and twisted areas that are very difficult to reach.I also make jewelry and buffing with the angle attachment is so-o-o-o much easier on my wrist.I highly reccomend this tool !
 Ca n't find too many faults with this accessory except for the rattling it makes while in use . But for the price who cares ? I originally bought this item for 1 particular situation never thinking I 'd use it again , but I 've used it a couple more times in the past few months I 've owned it . I 'd definitely recommend it to anyone who needs to get into tight areas with their Dremel .
 yes this is nice to have when you need it , if you use it 2-3 times it is worth its low price , works well , would buy again !
 Quality is good , works as intended , Condition and workmanship as advertised . No surprises good or bad , so no issues with this product .
 I had been looking for something like this for awhile and so I was quite happy to have come across this attachment . It has proven itself to be very useful and I am quite satisfied with it . It has perfomed without any problems so far and is quite easy to use . I would recommend this tool to everyone .
 Great product exactly as described Very Fast shipping from supplier . Dremel sets the standard for precise tools . Recommend this product to anyone wanting high quality tools Thank You Amazon . .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 This attachment works great and allows me to make cuts in tight areas with my rotary tool that I otherwise could n't make . It 's the exact same thing you would buy at a Big Box home improvement store , but cheaper .
 If you 've ever complained that you could n't get that long Dremel tool into a tight spot , you 've been waiting for this gadget ! Screws onto the end of the Moto-Tool and lets you reach places you 've only dreamed about . Typical high Dremel quality , should last forever if you treat it right !
 Just what I needed to get into tighter areas for sanding . A little noisy and removing attachments requires placing a shaft or other object in the tool .
 This right angle attachment works great for those tight spots . I was working underneath my car and there was a stuck frozen bolt and nut that was impossible to get out . I tried everything such as heating it with torch but with no luck and then I brought out the dremel rotary with the right angle attachment as the final last resort . It was such a tight spot that the right angle attachment was needed and this heavy duty bolt was going to put the dremel to a test . I put the dremel rotary on very high speed and it eventually cut the heavy duty bolt off . If you put the right angle attachment on correctly , it will work perfectly . Even though it is n't an attachment that you will use a lot , it is still well worth it when you do need to get a tough cut in a tight spot like I did .
 This tool will not fit every Dremel tool but for those models it is designed it is a great addition to the kit . For those hard to get to places where small holes are needed it is great . You may need a selection of collets to fit different sizes so drill bits , I would recomend the dremel bit set as the bits are shorter than standard bits which is needed to get into tight places .
 This item came fast , and it factory fresh , NEW I tell ya ! I would do business with them again ! And the price was good also .
 The right angle tool is great if used properly . Familiarize yourself with product before using it . If you do n't lock the unit while changing attachments you can break it very easily . So read up on it . After that you will be able to reach small or awkward places . Perfect for the aluminum wheels on my truck .
 the right angle for rotary tool very goodwhen I recive it it was in good condtion and as seen in the site .
 The device allows you to cut straight on . I used it to cut off rusted nuts on my exhaust system . Using the dremel without it is difficult and you will fry the metal cutting wheel or maybe a couple of them ! I have n't had to use it for anything else yet .
 I purchased this product as an added precaution , since we have some cabinets at home , that get heavy use , the way the bolts were originally installed require some tinkering and maneuvering to be able to reach , so they unfortunately stay loser then what we would like , this attachment game me good access to the bolts and i was able to do repairs much easier .
 I wish Dremel Rotary Tool kits would come with this attachment inside the box.This device is quite useful for pretty much any task a rotary tool can handle , specially cutting and grinding with disks , and of course getting into tight corners with much ease . I 've been cutting small metal tubes with it , and it has made my projects a lot easier . Without the right angle attachment , my cuts would be `` out of square '' , but with the attachment in place , I 've been achieving straight cuts every time . 35000RPMs seem to be not a problem for the attachment.The only downside is , having to insert an accessory 's stick into the hole behind the chuck just to secure another accessory into the chuck . Same deal when un-securing said accessory . This can take some time to get used to , but certainly not a major disappointment.I give it a 5 stars rating just because it allows me to get the Dremel Tool in places I could never get before , plus , it allows me to achieve straight cuts that I could n't before .
 This thing is freaking fantastic . Durable and small it fits into tight spaces easily and can handle high rpm 's . It can be positioned in several positions relative to the Dremel for ease of use . It can be easily disassembled for care and maintenance.I wish I would have bought one of these years ago .
 I have 3 rotary dremels and decided to give this attachment a try on model 200 . Fits/works like a charm and will stay on it permanently .
 This right-angle attachment gets you into places your plain Dremel ca n't . You 're going to need this sooner or later . Have it waiting in your toolbox.I used it with a RotoZip -LRB- spiral cutting -RRB- bit to make plunge cuts in a 2x4 that was almost totally obstructed . Hard to explain , but it saved a lot of time and grief . No other tool would have worked .
 Great . Once you have one , you will wonder how you got along all of these years with out one .
 The only drawback I see is that you have to use a second bit to hold the shaft so you can change the bit you 're using . The shaft lock on the dremel is not supposed to be used for this .
 You either know how awesome Dremels are or you do n't . This baby just let 's you change it 's axis and maybe fit it into some cramped spaces . If you need to get your Dremel tip into some tight spaces , then either this or the `` snake '' attachment should do you well .
 I have used the Dremel Right Angle attachment for years without ever incurring a problem . The Right Angle attachment increases the functionality of the Dremel Rotary tool by enabling it to get into some tight spaces that the standard straight shaft may not be able to reach . Also , sometimes the item that you are working on with the Dremel may not be a problem for the straight shaft but for comfort and/or safety reasons the right angle shaft is just better suited . Since I use the right angle shaft frequently , I decided a long time ago to buy another Dremel to make it basically a full time right angle shaft Dremel rotary tool to save time in changing adapters over to right angle use and back . -LRB- I also have several other Dremels that I use as specialty tolls in a similar same manner . -RRB- Also , the Dremel keyless chuck attachment -LRB- that I highly recommend as well -RRB- works fine with the Right Angle attachment . I own quite a number of attachments for my Dremel tools , most of which I would recommend . But if I had to decide which attachment to recommend first , it would be the Right Angle attachment , and another Dremel Rotary tool to go with it , if possible . I have found that the Dremel Rotary tools and attachments are some of the most useful tools I have to work on a variety of projects throughout the house . If you have a spouse or friend who has a Dremel , or would like one , or if you are just buying this for yourself , I am confident that the Right Angle attachment will be found to be worth its cost and its increase in functionality will be appreciated .
 This is not a heavy duty device , but it is extremely useful and should easily last years the way I use it and for its price , I 'll buy another when/if I wear it out . There are a significant number of cutoff and cut-into things that I do and this right angle head maks those so much more easily done , and safely done -LRB- when wearing a face shield -RRB- . Just wish I had been looking at what dremel has been doing rather then waiting for my 30 year old dremel to fail before I looked at new accessories . If you are a hobiest and/or into your home repair - get it , you will find uses for it that will undo those aukward angles you do now .
 What a surprise ! Dremel built an extremely rugged tool.Great tool with lots of uses . I only wish Dremel tools were USA made.I have to admit , I did n't buy this tool to use as a drill . I use it to cut thin pieces of plastic and wood . I find it easier to cut a straight line holding the Dremel in line with the cut instead of at a right angle to the work.I was worried that the Dremel drill attachment would be made completely of plastic and would n't hold up cutting wood , so I took it apart to see what was inside . The gears and shafts are made of metal with ball bearing races , so I can cut knowing it will hold up to what ever job I have to do .
 Liked this product . It 's a little tricky to get connected at first to have it line up at 180 degrees from the handle , but works just fine . Adds a bit more noise to the tool , which is a non-plus , but it makes those hard-to-reach angles from before well worth it .
 This works well with my Dremel , letting me get into odd spaces.Con
 This attachment makes a versatile tool even more versatile . I 've used it to trim sheet metal ductwork and make cuts in wooden siding in a tight spot under the floor of a room addition . I 've also used it to trim off PVC pipe ends from the inside out . It adds a whole new aspect to the Dremel tool by helping me to reach those difficult spots like that . Frequently , I use it to cut off nails and screws that ca n't be removed . This attachment stays on my Dremel tool all the time now . I 'm glad I bought this one ! I 'm still exploring its uses . Always remember to go slow and make several passes at the material as you cut so as not to overload the Dremel .
 This should prove to be a first class item . When working in cramped areas this is better then the Flex Shaft since you can get the whole tool in where you need it . Plus the quick installation is so useful .
 The attachment is great . I use my Dremel with it on more than off . It makes the job easier.You can get it for $ 19.99 at The Home Depot . Call Amazon before you order and they will lower their price.Before you call , please have the following ready : The item and model number -LRB- identical brand and model number to the one we carry at Amazon.com -RRB- Price -LRB- including shipping charges , taxes , gift certificates -RRB- Store name , location , and phone numberImportant
 I bought this unit to get into a small space in the rear of my engine compartment and it fit the bill . I was drilling out some broken bolts in an exhaust manifold . Using the diamond point tool and the tungsten carbide bit I was able to dimple the bolt enough to use a right angle Ryobi cordless to do the real drilling . Be careful using real drills as the speed is excessive to drill in steel . Cutting using drills in steel requires much slower speeds , and while the Dremel can go slower , it does not develop enough torque at those settings . Be sure to use the collar lock in the attachment and not the spindle lock in the Dremel tool itself or it will break the internal shaft.I also used it for cutting off the stub of the bolt , and found the right angle attachment allowed me into spaces that the tool would not go otherwise.All-in-all a good Dremel attachment but with the same limitations of the basic tool . Use for smaller jobs .
 I installed this on my 300 series dremel tool . When you remove the collet to install the special adaptor they include , make sure you remove the small metal insert that fits within the collet too . This stumped me for a few minutes as the adaptor would not screw in far enough to get the right angle attachment on . All-in-all I am very happy with this tool .
 Great tool for getting into tight spaces . I needed to drillholes for shelf-support pins in a very narrow kitchencabinet and this worked out well . Keep in mind that thisis not -LRB- nor is it meant to be -RRB- a heavy-duty power tool.It seems to be reasonably well made and the price isright . An excellent addition to most any Dremel tool kit .
 This product is excellent for extending your dremel and cutting at right angles . I am no longer hit by sparks when cutting off old nails etc. . At first I was skeptical , but no longer . I have used this for several products I have been doing outside . Definately recommended .
 Makes the dremel tool fit in much tighter spaces . I just leave this on the dremel , I do n't see a reason to ever take it off . Only thing is you ca n't use the shaft lock on the dremel tool anymore to tighten the mandrel in the chuck or you risk harming the 90 attachment . They should have provided a shaft lock on the 90 attachment but instead they say jam a 1/8 '' mandrel in a hole on the attachment .
 I bought this to covert my Dremel into a mini angle grinder for sanding small areas on the carousel ponies we are making . Dremel does n't sell small hook and loop sanding discs , so I made my own out of thick leather and velcro . Sanding in this manner with the Dremel alone was awkward , and this attachment made all the difference . It creates a bit of gear noise though , making me wonder how much added stress it is putting on the machine , and how long the mechanism is going to last . That 's why I gave it only 4 stars . It seems to be solidly built of metal gears and bearings and is easy to attach and remove . Overall I am quite happy with it .
 Use it once so far , But I can tell it , s going to be a great addition to my tools . I put a 1 '' diamond cutoff blade on it and cut my holes for my plumbing in tile . Diamond blade , a little water , and the right angle attachment to get you in hard to get to places . Great tool . Thanks
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 Thank God somebody finally designed a drill holster that actually WORKS !!! This is the first one I 've ever used that
 A well-designed piece of equipment for anyone who ever carries a cordless drill on the job . It keeps the tool securely held and readily available for use . The pouch angles the drill or driver bits away from the wearer 's leg , so they do n't catch or poke while climbing or moving around . It can be worn either right or left-handed with equal convenience and access to the tool .
 I love Dewalt tools . This is one durable puppy . I found its very useful when i 'm climbing a ledder or some scoffolding . I do n't have to worry about carrying my drill too . If you do n't need your drill it is also useful for storing large items that you need . I 've used mine to put door shims in many a time . All in all a great investment .
 Amazon put up the wrong picture on this drill holster since there is a 4 bit holder on the side , which is quite useful . This item works as advertised , however it would be great if it had a small pocket on the side with the bit holder on top of that to hold extra bits . Overall a very good product
 This holster has been very handy . I have been building a deck and being able to holster my drill while on a ladder has been a great convenience . I do n't have to worry about dropping it and I always know where it is . It has a decent clip to strap it in . I actually have n't had to use this at all . When it is unstrapped velcro holds it up out of the way . I think this is a very thoughtful feature to have added . There are loops on the front to hold extra bits . I have used that a lot as well . The bottom is open so you can holster your drill no matter what you have chucked . I have holstered it with drill bits , deep well sockets , very long cable installer drill bits , and screwdriver bits . The drill sits firmly in the holster every time . If you do holster your drill you may want to consider some suspenders . It does add a good bit of weight to your belt .
 This holster works well for a mid sized to large drill . I would not use it for a drill/driver smaller than theBosch PS20-2A 12-Volt Max Lithium-Ion Pocket Driver with 2 Batteriesand while it will hold a large drill/driver like theBosch 17618-01 18-Volt 1/2-Inch Brute Tough Litheon Hammer Drill/Driver with 2 Fat Batteriesyou can not leave the side handle attached which pretty much makes it unusable for the small hammer drills . I had no problems with a bit hitting my leg and the hold down strap is convenient and is held out of the way by Velcro . Over all a very good design.Quality is excellent and durability should be outstanding . The four bit holders are OK for medium drill or driver bits but not for large or small and they could be more generous with the storage on this holster.If you use this for a drill or driver of the size it is intended for you need a 3 to 4 '' wide heavy belt -LRB- well Duh -RRB- preferably a suspenders rig . It will work easily right or left handed but is better cross draw.What I missed in the picture is that the belt loop is a good 6 '' wide and ca n't be used with many kinds of utility pants without skipping belt loops . As I use `` tradesman 's '' pants this makes the holster of very limited use for me . But one of the other guys is talking a trade .
 DeWalt D5120 Ballistic Nylon Universal Drill HolsterThe drill holster works great when on a ladder and you need a place to put your drill so it stays within reach . Rugged and made well . Amazon has these at a good price too .
 Like all dewalt products , the expectation of quality preceeds this one . Technically I did not buy it , but it was included on a drill purchase I made a while back so as a freebie it was n't a bad deal at all . I would pay for it at the price it is being sold at * IS * reasonable for a quality drill holder.There is a snap that goes over the drill when not using it all the time and holds your drill in place so it does n't fly out going up and down ladders . You 'll appreciate that feature since your drill and battery do n't dropp down two flights of stairs or off the second story roof.As of yet I have n't included it on my belt which is on the wide side - my only concern is if a 2.5 '' web belt will go through it , but it looks ok so far.I think dewalt or amazon is giving these away with any drill purchase or any kit with a drill in it . Be sure to find the code , then `` buy '' the holster , then enter the secret code and the price of the holster is deducted from your order automatically . I admit its wierd because you have to buy it to get it credited back but it works this way only . Noshipping is added on for it either.It probably fits more than dewalt tools but all mine are dewalt.Enjoy !
 I have found this piece of equiptment indespensable on the job . I can carry my drill up a ladder or scaffolding and have it handy at all times . The nylon is also very durable . A product worthy of the DeWalt name .
 This holster did a very good job holding my large 18 volt Ryobi Model P220 hammer drill . The huge battery nicely counterbalanced the drill in the pouch , making the drill handle easy to reach . However , this holster does n't work so well for the new , more compact 18 volt DEWALT DCD970KL hammer drill . The smaller , much lighter format of the Li-Ion battery is a welcome change , but this new drill does n't fit the pouch well . The drill snuggles in tight , making it a pain to pull out .
 This product holds a cordless drill securely , with no chance of it falling out , yet the drill can be taken out for use easily . A great design and tough material .
 I thought that I needed this holster because I work on a ladder most of the time . Was I right ! I do n't have anybody to hold the drill for me until I 'm ready to use it anymore ! well done DeWalt !
 Now I do n't have to be there to carry his drill for him , thanks DeWalt
 I was tired of trying to climb a ladder or get on and off the tractor while trying to keep my cordless drill either in my tool belt pouch or in my hand . This holder is perfect when you are working away from the shop . I am going to look for something similar for my other cordless tools .
 Does what it 's supposed to do , well made , and includes useful drill bit holder . Good value .
 A well made quality product . A great time saver on the jobsite . I do not have to spend half of my time trying to find or reach my drill .
 This holster also fits the 14.4 volt drill/driver I recieved for xmas . It was also a gift , and I suspect a little collusion there . I do n't really use the driver on a job site , just in the shop , so really do n't have a need for the holster , but I think I will hang it near the charger and store the drill in it , instead of in one of the tool box drawers . Very nicely made and holds the drill very securely . One of the advantages of ballistic nylon over leather is that the nylon does n't hold moisture so for outdoor use it is superior . Recommend this holster for those of you who do use drill/drivers on the job site .
 This came with the 18v drill/driver as a bonus . . would probably not have bought , but turned out to a real quality little item . . use ot a lot now , especially when working at heights
 got it for free with a drive/drill purchase , pro use , no much value to me
 This came as a `` freebie '' with the drill . It is very handy , but probably would n't have paid extra for it , as old habits die hard .
 when working on two story ladders , this is a must ! Great product , great price and great delivery .
 It fits any of my cordless drills , drivers or impacts with ease , as well as the occasional corded drywall driver -LRB- always fun to walk away while plugged in -RRB- . Durable material , seems well built , looks fine ... and when on sale the price is great!Though this is still a daily-use product for me , I failed to see `` made in China '' in the description before purchase .
 This is just what I have been looking for in finding some way of holding my cordless drill . This holder is perfect for my use .
 I always order a replacement parts kit for any pump I purchase . Sooner or later the brushes or the shaft seal will wear out . O-rings can fail . If the pump has been discontinued by the manufacturer , then it becomes useless and a new pump must be purchased . Pump parts kits can save a bundle .
 I have this to the right of mysecond main pouch , holds aSmall Multimeter/Tester , marker , and2 precision screwdrivers.Holds everything I need to work with , identify , & tag/labellow voltage wiringthat I work on -LRB- while away from the main tool-box areawhere all wire drops converge -RRB- . SPECS : * Single Large Main Pocket -LRB- hold a small multi/network tester or other compact tool -RRB- * 3 Inner Slots -LRB- Pen , Screw-Keeper , Small Screwdriver , etc. -RRB- * Attaches toTool Beltby sliding on -LRB- should fit up to 2.5 '' belts , even thick ones -RRB- * Open top for easy access * SIZE = about 4.75 '' Wide x 8.75 '' Tall -LRB- height includes tool belt clearance -RRB-
 I recently purchased the Ballistic Nylon Technician 's Pouch for my husband and it was just what he had been looking for . He could n't recommend it enough to co-workers . It fit his work needs perfectly . My brother was so impressed with the efficiency of the pouch that he is going to purchase one also .
 I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR MY SIS , TO ADD TO HER COLLECTION AND SHE LOVED IT , ABOVE ALL IT LOOKS GREAT .
 they are beautiful . i get a lot of complements . it adds that little touch . fast delivery ... thank-you
 I thought this was so cute ! The colors are really vivid and they really pop . I hope you will like it as much as i do !
 Matched my theme and gave my kitchen a cute simple touch of class . I would look to order more product from this site ... Just dont expect a speedy delivery it came standard mail
 I bought three of these for my kitchen and they came just as you see them online . They 're covered with what I think is a wallpaper and hold up great . I even had to cut one of mine to fit it by a cabinet that has a smaller switchplate and it stayed in tact and did not peel , rip , or fray . These are worth it .
 I love this switchplate . It gives my kitchen lots of color . I would definately recommend it to my friends . Great barbain .
 I bought these because I was changing the decor in my kitchen . They serve their purpose and blend in well . However , they are a little elementary looking because it appears to be covered with contact paper someone found with chefs . If I ever want decorative switch plate covers again , I will make my own .
 I 've used several tool pouches and this is the best one so far . It has room enough for a good selection of hand tools in the inside pockets , with three individual pouches on the outside . It 's larger than it looks in the pictures.The pouch feels solidly made , and generally fits most telco tools . Mine carries 3 screwdrivers , my punchdown tool , a knife , pliers , cutters , strippers , scissors and a roll of tape , with a bit of room left over .
 This is perfect because all that I need for wiring , check or whatever you want in electricity , obviously , is near my hands and do n't waste my time .
 Great storage ... I would recommend to anyone for the size and durability !
 Had to replace the one on my front porch that had basically rusted and became out-dated . Had the fam check out the ones I had printed out ... and my daughter actually picked this one . She has good taste , no ?
 Made very well and offers an upscale look while lighting a rural boutique ! Lots of positive comments from our customers !
 did the job , quick shipment , good price , would buy again , easy to install , excellent product , attractive appearance , simple to use
 I have only used the dethatcher once so far but it seems to work very well . I think the secret will be in how much weight you place on the dethatcher itself . You do n't need much but a small amount seems to help . Now I just need a pull behind sweeper to pick up all the junk this thing brings to the surface .
 This is my second purchase of this 48 inch dethatcher . I purchased the first one around 1998 and decided to buy this second one as a tandem unit to be towed behind the other one.I am very satisfied with this manufacturer 's product and Agri-Fab 's service department . I broke a few tines in the old one last fall and this spring -LRB- they just got old after so many years -RRB- and ordered replacements online from Agri-Fab . Cost was very resonable and deivery time was very good.There is considerable `` bounce '' of the dethatcher if towed too fast so ground speed must be kept down to eliminate this . I use two patio stones in the weight tray , secured with bungee cords , for weight on the dethatcher . This does a good job keeping the tines in contact with the lawn for dethatching.The manual raise/lower lift arm is a good feature to have for crossing driveways , transporting , etc. . This feature is not included on some other brands .
 Assembly took about 40 min and was easy . Just follow directions to bolt it together.It works very well to dethatch the lawn . I use 2 patio blocks for weight . You need to experiment with what weight works best for your lawn.Too much pressure and you can tear out the grass and too little will not bring up the thatch.A good product from Agri-Fab . You do need a little extra room to to store this 48 in unit . In hindsight the 40 in wide unit may have been the better choice for me . When towed behind my lawn tractor , I ca n't reach the lever to lift or lower the tines . This is not a big deal . I simply hop off the tractor to adjust the tines up or down when necessary.I also have Agri-Fab 's tow behind rotary spreader . I 'm very satisfied with their prices and quality . Replacement parts are easily available from their website .
 Took me about 90 minutes to assemble this product . Instructions were very clear and there were no missing parts . Tried it in my yard and it works great with 2 concrete blocks for weight . I use rubber tarp straps to keep concrete blocks from moving or falling off . Would recommend this product to any do-it-yourself person for lawn care .
 Great little machine , does exactly what it 's supposed to do.Consider very carefully how you 'll use this prior to buying . If I had I 'd have purchased a different style dethatcher . Specifically , yes , it does a great job of bringing up the dead grass , etc. from your lawn and leaving it BEHIND the tractor . Now what ??? You have all that ugly laying on top of your grass . OK , now it 's time to hitch up the lawn sweeeper and pick it all up . So , you get to travel around your yard a second time which results in twice the gas consumed and twice the wear and tear on your tractor . If I were doing it again , I 'd have purchased a front mount dethatcher for the tractor , that way , in one trip you can dethatch and sweep , or dethatch and mulch if you have a mulching deck and are so inclined . Alternately , you can get a dethatcher which mounts on the front of your lawn sweeper and also accomplish the job in one pass . Repeat , consider carefully how you 'll use it.Agrifab is a great american company , have many of their tools . Customer service ca n't be beat , OK , they do n't have an 800 number , but they do n't leave you hanging forever , and the folks you talk to are very knowledgable on their products.Ev
 This works great removing the top thatch from my lawn . However , I did find a very similar 40 inch thatcher from Sears for $ 68 . Half the price , but 8 inches shorter . Have to do the math to see what is better . Factor in the free shipping from Amazon . If you have a local Sears store , you do n't pay for shipping either . Good buy , but not a great buy .
 Worked just like we wanted . aerates , dethatches . Just hook onto the back of your garden tractor and off you go !
 Excellent product for the price . It was delivered on time and in perfect condition . It took about 40 minutes to put together . Very please and definately recommend .
 This style -LRB- I purchased the hook , towel ring , and TP holder for a 1/2 bath -RRB- is very elegant , and the items are fairly heavy-weight . I am impressed with the quality , and they look fantastic in my bathroom ! The drywall anchors included with the pieces seem to hold pretty securely , too.As a side note , they were well-packed . The post office unfortunately left this package outside my garage door while I was home , unbeknownst to me , and I backed my Jeep over it ! The box was torn to shreds , but none of the pieces were damaged inside ! I think I drove directly over the hook , too !
 I replaced the standard lamps in my dorm with a few of these bad boys , and they are strong . They light up EVERYTHING , watch out , you might find some stuff you did n't want to . Does n't look good when the cops show up though , note .
 Not much to say here ... They work like any other blacklight fluorescent tubes . I installed them in my garage halloween before last , for a haunted house we had set up , and I have left them in ever since . All 4 of them are still running strong.They seem to work great in any standard 48 '' fixture . Sometimes the warmup takes up to 2 minutes , so they are n't always quite instant-on . Such is the case with any blacklight tube that does n't use a starter-cap in the fixture .
 Ca n't believe this deal ! Lights are very bright and 4 of them light up my 3 car garge pefectly for the halloween party .
 Two fluorescent tubes were set up in a 10 x 10 room mounted on 9 foot ceilings . The effects of this setup was brilliant .
 I 'm the technical director for our high school and I used these light bulbs to illuminate black light paint on stage . The bulbs did a great job . The effect was very successful . In addition , these bulbs were cheaper than any I could find locally . I was concerned that they would n't arrive in one piece , but they were packed very well . I was very satisfied with the entire process .
 A must have item for any party or `` man cave '' . Got these for Halloween for my office and ended up leaving them in place after the fact . The bulbs were a little damaged on the contacts on one end but I expected worse considering what they had to go through to get to me . Shipping `` inside '' the lower 48 should get to you without issue . If you have the space for these full-size black lights , you 'll love'em .
 These are the cheapest black lights that I could find . I searched multiple websites and places.The quality is n't cheap , but the price was the lowest around . I bought 16 of them to use for a ` cosmic ' easter egg hunt.The kids loved the lights . They worked just great . These are some lights that i can keep around for a while . I also used themfor a bowling alley that we built and so the kids could go cosmic bowling . It was a great event and it was a great addition to have.You definitely want to wear white clothing so you really light up . Great product !
 This blub replaced the one it came with that broke when my husband tried to hang it on the wall.So make sure to remove the bulb before you hang the fixture.Otherwise you 'll have to buy another one.Lights up a large portion of a bedroom with stars and planets on the ceiling .
 IM SO EXCITED AND CANT WAIT FOR CHRISTMAS SO MY BOYS CAN PUT THIS IN AND USE WITH ALL OF THEIR BLACK LIGHT ITEMS TO MAKE THEIR ROOM LOOK REALLY COOL .
 Received lights very quickly , they were well package to insure they did not break . The lights were everything I had expected . Excellent edition to our Halloween Party .
 i bought two of these bulbs and they came packaged very well to prevent breakage . my only problem is that one of them has developed a black ring around one edge . i dont know wat it is but the bulb still works so i guess its ok .
 Was very well packaged . Bright and fires quickly . I will definitely purchase more of these when I get more fixtures .
 These are fun when creating a certain ambiance . We love to be slightly scary . We have a reputation to maintain as our horrified guests even drive to our home for trick or treating . This is one of those necessary essentials .
 GREAT DEAL NO TROUBLE AND PACKAGING WAS VERY PROFESSIONALY DONE . WORKED OUT PERFECT AND WAS AN ALL AROUND PLEASURE TO DEAL WITH THANK YOU AND WILL DEAL WITH AGAIN .
 This works great . It was packaged to survive a natural disaster . I love it . Now my kid does too ... every kid needs a black light in their room .
 I ordered this bulb about a week ago and just received it yesterday . This is a great bulb for an amazing price . Keep in mind , this does not come with a fixture , so you need to have one to place the bulb in .
 I ordered this bulb for a replacement . the shipping was fast the bulb packaged correctly the box even arrived in pristine condition.great job guys , this company does a wonderful job i will definitley order from them again . Cudos for UPS as well .
 Same as other reviewer , I ordered these for a garage Halloween party . They are the perfect brightness . Easy to install . Great price !
 This valve is used on my windmill to pump air into the bottom of of lake they work great .
 It 's easy to install , good value for your money ; however , it could be from softer material . I 'm not sure how well it will protect my toddler .
 The tool chest is wonderful value for the money.I did have a problem when part of the locking system that holds the front panel in place when the chest 's lid is closed fell out . This was a small metal sleeve that , I believe , was supposed to be `` jam fit '' -LRB- ie . not glued -RRB- into place . Lucky for me -LRB- and Grizzly AND Amazon -RRB- I am `` handy '' and was able to find the 3 '' long spring and pin that had been ejected when that `` keeper sleeve '' fell out . I re-inserted the pin and spring , put a little epoxy on the sleeve and inserted it holding the pin/spring assembly . I secured all in place with a woodworker 's clamp while the epoxy set -- using some plastic wrap so as to not glue the clamp to the chest!Given what 's usually charged for similar wooden `` tool chests '' I am happy with the Grizzly H7713 23 '' Oak 6 Drawer Chest ... and would n't think twice about ordering another . I am actually planning on purchasing theGrizzly H7716 26 '' Oak 10 Drawer ChestI would , though , recommend that a purchaser CAREFULLY go over any Grizzly chest upon receipt and keep the shipping carton for awhile on the chance that things fall apart .
 I know it was made in China but the quality of parts and construction is very good . It 's worth the money .
 Klein users will know what I mean when I say these pliers are `` tight '' . The hinge and contact points are perfect - free operation and no wobble . The curved nose on this set is very obviously heat-treated correctly , these will grab and hold in awkward locations without a hint of bending or twisting .
 Like all Klein pliers , these are built very well . It 's a weird design , but very handy to hold wires and connectors at odd angles .
 Generally this tool exhibited the quality I 've come to know and expect from Klein . Although both offer very high quality tools , it seems to me that Klein pliers often have a more finished look than tools from Channellock , probably Klein 's chief competitor . My only complaint is that the jaws on my pliers were misaligned by almost 1/32 inch . Although this defect does n't affect the operation or usefulness of the pliers , these pliers should never have made it out of Quality Control . Had this set of pliers been in a store , I would have passed it up and searched the rack for pliers with properly aligned jaws . I 'm sure I could have returned the pliers to Amazon , but returns are a major hassle no matter how easy Amazon makes them , and , as noted , the pliers work okay . Still , this defect , even if it 's only cosmetic , continues to bug me . Shame on you , Klein .
 Excellent pliers . I expected from the photo that the bend in the pliers would be less severe than it is and farther down the length . I have another pair that basically bends near the tip and is very versatile . These are more awkward to handle because it bends halfway down and the bent portion is longer than the main part of the pliers . For many this might be preferable , but I will probably not use these as much as I expected .
 This purchase was just what I was looking for . From time to time I need to pry spade connecter pairs apart without damaging the connecters or their associated wiring . The best way I 've found is to use two pair of needle-nose pliers , one with a bend . It allows me to grip the connecters , then bring the plier jaws together at the bend to apply the force . This tool was just what the doctor ordered .
 I liked the wireless version of the garage door keypad . It lets me get into the garage when I am working in the yard . It is easier to install than the wired version . Once installed I just had to press a few buttons on the garage door opener and the garage door motor and the door opened and closed . I would receommend getting one of these . You have to make sure it is matched to work with your garage door series . There are at least three series -LRB- Craftsman/Liftmaster -RRB- of door openers . Make sure you are ordering the right one . Call/email the seller before you buy , if you are not sure . The door opener keypad lights up when it is dark . I like that feature alot .
 Great product , works wonderfully ! The installation takes only minutes , it takes longer to get out the pencil and drill ! I do n't know why I waited so long to put one in !
 Excellent safety item to give to grandson along with carving tools . Protects from cuts while using tools yet is flexible and makes it easy to handle wood .
 Bought this tarp to cover a boat project . Tarp was out for months in the sun , wind , and rain , from October to May , and it held up great ! There was only minor thinning/small holes where the structure underneath the tarp abraded it . I 'll buy again , for the money it ca n't be beat !
 I just received the cabinet a couple of days ago . It turned out to be a much nicer cabinet than I expected , and at least so far I 'm quite happy with it . Nice construction , looks nice , and very sturdy . The top has a removable cover piece , probably plywood , covered in green felt . It can be replaced if damaged , or left off if you prefer the oak top . Drawers extend fully and have a detent to keep them from opening accidentally . There is a locking front cover that can be stored on the back of the cabinet when not in use . It 's pretty heavy at 160 lbs , and that 's where there was a bit of a problem . After I ordered it , Grizzly sent an email saying there would be an additional $ 34 surcharge if I wanted it delivered by a truck with a lift gate . I complained to Grizzly about the hidden fee , and they said Amazon would n't let them mention the surcharge . When I called Amazon to complain they said Grizzly could n't add the surcharge as it violated their agreement - apparently that 's why Grizzly could n't mention it . Amazon called Grizzly and had the surcharge eliminated . The bottom line is it 's a nice cabinet , and I think it 's worth the money . Just keep your eye on Grizzly !
 not sure what the quality is or how functional they are ... i bought them for my dad as a gift . he has not complained about them to me , so i assume that they are working well .
 I enjoy making my own plugs . The new cutters make the job easy and fast . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 works great.if you need to remove vinyl pinstripes or lettering this is the tool.i started to remove a stripe on my truck , spent 1.5 hours with a razor blade got 4 feet done.used the air tool finished the entire truck in 1 hour and used less than one eraser wheel . next i removed the lettering from a work truck . it only took an hour and a half and with no dammage to the paint . again tool works great , if you need to remove vinyl lettering or pinstripes this is the tool . it also arrived very quickly .
 the vendor quickly shipped out a new glass globe to replace the one that was flawed . great customer service !
 After buying a Shaw 's Original farmhouse sink , we found that there were no standard strainers that would fit it , due to the thickness of the base . This is the strainer that is recommended to fit those type of sinks and it does . Fits perfectly and looks great . I highly recommend it for that purpose .
 You wo n't regret using this hardware with your Rohl sink . Fits perfectly ... looks great ... simple functionality . Use this hardware with any brand to dress it up a bit .
 Dual purpose glove with both a practical side and a clear fashion statement . Wish I had a pair of pants to match - very cool material .
 The gloves are nice protection from a knife that slips . The glove is made of mesh and is a bit bulky when handling smaller pieces of wood .
 Good fit , excellent quality protective glove to aid in your enjoyment of both whittling and carving
 Originally , I rated this company with a `` 1 '' because the order never arrived . After given a chance to correct , I would like to revise the service to a `` 5 `` Al W.
 The BT626 Battery testers , -LRB- I bought 4 -RRB- , seem to work well . I do like the advantage of being able to test ALL sorts of batteries with on tester . It saves a lot of time , and appears to be accurate .
 I used this saw for drilling holes in a stainless steel tank . It cuts a clean , circular hole very quickly . I used it in my milling machine for several holes , but later discovered that it works remarkably well with an 18v hand drill as well . Using appropriate speeds and lubricants for the materials involved -LRB- e.g. , go slow when drilling stainless steel -RRB- , I think this tool would last practically forever.The size of the hole is just about perfect for welded connections to 11/2 '' sanitary piping .
 Have had the original for years and got the same thing -LRB- after trying other brands -RRB- . 4 stars for the ever-cheapening build quality .
 Excellent . The stop brake thing is stiff enough to hold the tape from going in but not stiff enough that you ca n't pull out or push in if you need to . You can easily set it to not brake , too . Love the metric on the other side . I 'm going to build everything using metric from now on . The math is just so much easier .
 I liked the product , it fits the purpose that I needed . I will recommend it in the future and buy more product from this supplier .
 It is good Stanley quality but the metric markings are not as large as the imperial markings . The lock holds well . All in all , it will do what it is supposed to do .
 Hello , I purchased 2 of these , they are sturdy and lever lock . I switch numbers around , especially when I 'm tired so a metirc tape is better for me.If you need to be accurate on the frist measure metric is best.It is not a contractor grade tape but very good around the house , or shop .
 This is a great tape and I use it extensively in my work as an archaeologist . Its down in the dirt a lot of the time and I 've had my last one for five years . It recently broke on an excavation in northern California when the tape split . I can still use it but it catches on occasion and I have to play with it to make it retract . I 've used a lot of tapes over the years and this one comes full measure in my opinion -LRB- sorry but could n't resist the pun -RRB- .
 These twin work lights do what you 'd expect - light up an area so you can work . They 're sturdy and feel well-made and the safety feature of having the power cable screwed to the back is a nice touch . Each light can be switched on or off individually as well as directed up and down , and also about 100 degree angle on the horizontal plane -LRB- they lock off so you ca n't point them at each other which could be a huge fire hazard -RRB- . Shame there 's no low/middle/high option - just an on/off on each light . Also , whilst you can extend the height over three extensions they do n't fold up for storage like my other work lights can.They are hot though ; frankly they saturate your area with both the brightness and heat of the sun ! Ca n't argue with the price for such a pro-looking kit .
 Wow , these lights are really bright . I am really glad I purchased this product . I know they may be hot , but they were n't as bad as I expected . They 're only too hot when you are less than a foot away and otherwise , it is tolerable . This is also the most professional-looking product that I have purchased yet . It 's sturdy and it has an extra bulb . Really good.The only drawbacks are that if you want an even light , you have to take off the cages because they create a slight shadow and the center piece wiggles a little bit if you do n't tighten it all the way . Otherwise , it is GREAT !!! I recommend this product .
 This is a nice useful tool . Everything about it is good such as the portability , and adjustments . The bigest plus is , it 's BRIGHT ! Hot too so need to use some caution , but just a little .
 I bought 2 of these sets before I saved up enough for setting up my more expensive photography gear ! These are bright and blinding ! Many , many ways to make adjustments and reflecting lights.I have one regret , I sold these after I bought all my camera lights and umbrellas and muslin backgrounds and so on . I really miss this set ; as they have -LRB- had -RRB- many , many uses . Not just for photography but for working on my truck or lighting my CONEX where I store all my equipment . I was a dummy ! if you get these for the same price as I did , do n't sell them . I almost guarantee after you sell them you will wish you did n't ! they are as handy as a good , well made flashlight !
 Great price & simple for me to put together/use as soon as it arrived . The stand seems somewhat wobbly when extended to its full height , but that 's easy to deal with by adjusting its twin lights up or down without adjusting the stand to its max .
 I received my item quickly and I am very pleased with the price and quality . I would recommend it to anyone looking for an economical work light .
 This product was purchased to put in our basement after my husband ripped out the electrical , wallboard , etc. in a huge remodel . It has worked great . It provides TONS of light , is almost hot to work around . The bulbs did burn out quickly and had to be replaced . The bulbs were inexpensive and found at the hardware store . The stand is a bit wobbly , but is fine if you are careful .
 Got this as a `` Gold Box '' deal for use in my garage . I 've found overhead fluorescent lights and regular bulbs often are n't bright enough when working on cars . They also ca n't be moved around or angled.All those problems are gone . It 's like daylight now in my garage . If anything it can be too bright ! Be careful not to look at them directly or get too close . Portable and adjustable in any number of ways . I was building a table in the garage and the light made life MUCH easier ; I could measure everything , check it was level/plumb and screw the wood together in half the time it used to take . Build quality and packaging were a little iffy . The stand feels a bit flimsy and the box was missing a couple of bolts . I just used some metric bolts instead of sending it back or calling the manufacturer . Given the value for money and the huge difference it makes in my garage , these are small annoyances .
 This was very easy to install as opposed to the one that originally came with the door . However , I believe that it may have been a little too easy to install and probably would not last that long if put under a door that 's opened often . Luckily for me I have it under a door that does n't get much use .
 I did n't want to change the whole door sweep just the worn rubber part . Bought this one , put it in and works better than the original . No problem !!
 I first saw this product at a woodworking show at pre-ordered one on the spot.And then I bought a second so that I could speed up my dovetailing by having one setup for tails and the other for pins.It works by moving the jig from slot to slot along a spacing index template that you create and clamp to your work piece . At each index position , you zip the router through the jig to create either the tail -LRB- or pin -RRB- on the piece . When you 're done cutting you first set of cuts you clamp you index template to the other work piece , reconfigure the jig for the mating part of the joint , and zip along the same way.PROs : * No fixed templates ; you create your own spacing template -LRB- with fixed or variable spaced slots -RRB- * No fixed templates ; you can dovetail work pieces several feet long * Solid construction -LRB- I dropped it on my concrete shop floor and it survived -RRB- * Removable routing insert to accommodate different dovetail bits in the futureCONs : * Only one dovetail bit supported -LRB- at the moment -RRB- TIP : * To ensure you line up your template to the work piece in the correct orientation , screw a washer onto the end of the template to keep the work piece flush with your template before clamping it up .
 I purchased the Prazi Chestmate becuase I wanted the flexibility of the variable spacing of the dovetails . I work in a cabinet shop where we have a large Grizzly dovetail machine as well as a 24 '' PC fixture . They both work great but DO NOT offer a choice of spacing the pins and tails . Boring!My first attempts produced a very nice fitting dovetail joint although it took a little trial and error . The first test pin fit very snugly . Using that setting across a project of 19 '' made for a joint that did n't want to go together . After re-adjusting for a slightly looser fit and re-cutting the pins , it all went together very nicely . I 'm sure that my next project will go much faster knowing what I learned from this initial project . That being said , this IS NOT a production piece of equipment . If you want to produce all your drawers for a kitchen remodel it would do it but not as efficiently as one of the many other fixtures that are available.However , if you are like me and want to make variable spaced dovetails without spending a fortune , this jig will do it very effectively with only a small learning curve . Oh , and one other point ... . because of the way the jig works , with the piece being cut backed up by wood front and back , there is virtually no tear out or chipping .
 This jig reminds me of the old saw
 The size and shape of a dovetail cutter pretty much determines what you will end up with any dovetail jig . If the base of the cutter is three quarters of an inch wide , the dovetail base will be that dimension , but only as deep as you want to make it . If you 're working with one half inch stock , make the tails one half inch deep . If your using three quarter inch stock , make the tails three quarter inches deep . Simple as that . When making the pins with this jig , simply clamp it onto your material along with the indexing board , the board with slots you easily cut with your saw to determine the spacing . You already made the pin size adjustment with scrap wood . You 'll never have to do it again unless you buy new cutters or a new follower . Set the cutter to the required depth and cut away . Maybe your project is three quarter stock or one quarter stock , the jig is ready to accept whatever without spacers or pads as another reviewer for some reason thinks is needed . Also , the cutter is set to the depth you want the pin to be , and with a sharp cutter , machining is done from side to side while gradually pushing inward , not over taxing the cutter . Any spacing you want , and size project and do n't worry about it being limited to one size stock , because your experinces will show it is n't . Thank you . LD
 Hooray , I finally figured it out and it worked well . The DVD was good , but the written directions leave a lot to be desired . First of all , there is no list of parts . To figure out if everything was there I had to go through the individual sections . The `` Jig Assembly and Parts List '' showed and labeled the parts for the dovetail jig , but not the parts for the mortis , finger joint , or dowel accessories.When making the indexing boards the saw blade is suppose to be exactly 1/8 inch wide . If you are using thin kerf blades the kerfs will not be wide enough . The instructions advise to extend the router bit 15/16 inches , assuming 13/16 thickness wood . What they should say is to extend the bit inch longer than the thickness of the pieces you are dovetailing . As another customer noted , not everyone uses exactly 13/16 thick wood . I give the tool a five star rating , but if Amazon needed a rating I would have to go with at least ten stars . They are fantastic .
 It can do it my way every time.Does it wright the first time and every time , the way you want it done .
 Looked a long time to try and find this tool . After recieving this tool I tried it out and it 's a joy to use . I purchased it to make 2 blanket chests for my 2 granddaughters . Now to find the time . Great product . Thanks .
 It just works . If you plan on keeping your tools , then buy this instead of any of that crap made in China . It is well made and works as intended .
 For anyone else who loses the instructions , the point where the cord attaches at the bottom is actually a screw cap . That 's the battery access.The bulb , on the other hand , is not replacable , but lasts years in normal use .
 The Gardner-Bender CT6101 continuity test is a well constructed heavy-duty tester . Every other tester I 've owned were flimsily constructed and poorly designed -- the batteries were loaded by removing the top portion of the tester which simply pushed on to the bottom portion , and because they were non-threaded or not twist-locking and simply pushed on , it would constantly come apart during use ... this also caused those testers not to light up and be very unreliable . I constantly would need to keep checking the tester by touching the alligator clip to the probe to confirm if the tester was operating properly , or if it was the item or circuit being tested that was defective when the tester did not light -- what a hassle and a nuisance that was!The GB CT6101 is one molded piece so it can not separate during use -- and the batteries are loaded by twisting a locking cap which does not open during use , and it performs flawlessly and accurately every time!If I had one minus comment to make I would say that that alligator clip is a bit difficult to squeeze open . But , for the money I would recommend this tester to anyone looking for a good continuity tester
 The continuity testers I bought through Amazon are more durable than the last one I had . I like these very much.I looked around for a new one at some of the home supplies stores , and could n't find the kind I was looking for.Than I looked online at Amazon and found just what I was looking for .
 Unscrew the top of the yellow pen . There are no instructions on that . After a fuse blew in my air conditioning room my repair guy recommended I buy a continuity tester a fuse puller wrench so I can do it myself . I could have bought a voltohmeter and set the resistance range to 0 .
 Needed to replace a toilet bowl and the lever only came in chrome . My bathroom is white and gold , so this fit the bill .
 It is very hard to find this part in your basic hardware store . So glad I found this much less expensive than ordering directly from Koeler
 had to replace broken light in my dj speaker and this one works perfect and exactly how it should , yea
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 This fan is awesome . We thought about buying one of those small blowers , but after reading reviews on them vs this fan ... it was this fan hands down . It blows and circulates the air better than we expected . We use it outside patio , no bugs , just wonderful air . Really needed this , its so hot outside . Its a little loud , but it cools so well , it does not bother us . It was easy to set up , easy to move around . Good choice for us .
 If you want a fan that moves a whole lot of air , this is the one for you . I bought it to dry my carpets after I shampoo them . I gets them complelely dry in 6 hours . Before it took covering the carperts with sheets and still took 24 hrs even with a small fan . This is a very large fan but I have room in my shed to store it . It is simply designed so not much can go wrong .
 We ordered this product and received it in a very timely manner . The fans work great , were easy to assemble and are fabulous to use indoors or out in the Florida heat !
 These things are great . Real time saver .
 This set does not have every bit you might ever need , but for a small set it is perfect . It 's durable , and comes in a good molded case . I actually wanted it because we are doing a bunch of work with `` star '' bits -LRB- which you have to buy separately , but are available and cheap -RRB- which fit right into the socket heads . This solution avoids our having to lug around our full ratchet set , which is bulky and heavy . For light work of all kinds on relatively small bolts , -LRB- or for a secondary set like mine -RRB- this set is perfect , and is a good value .
 Fit the existing halo recessed light in my house and gave a nice clean look . Make sure to adjust the lamp to be even with the bottom of the trim or it does not look correct .
 Not much to say on this . It is what it says it is and covers the over-sized hole that the previous owners created in the ceiling for the heat lamp in our bathroom , so I have no complaints .
 The item is solid and its plating matches the Moen shower product line very well . The swivel holder is firm and steady , and the unit integrates very well with the Moen 114348BN Wall Mounted Handheld Shower Bracket Kit .
 The only reason I sent this back is because it would not work after all of the reconstruction in the shower
 I bought this after reading the Family Handyman 's article on skim coating walls . I recommend both the FHM method and this tool.A couple suggestions for that application :1 . I found 22 '' was too wide to work with effectively . I cut about 2 '' off each end leaving me with 18 '' of blade to work with . The blade is plastic and rubber , so it cut easily on my miter saw .2 . I rounded the ends of the blade slightly with a scissors to avoid leaving a slight ridge at the working edge.I hope that helps you out !
 I am simply a handy individual . I am not a professional and I only perform home improvements/repairs for my own home . I also DO NOT like taping and compounding.When faced with the task of re-finishing a 16 ' section of wall I researched methods until I came across one that called for using rolled-on/thinned compound and a Squeegee Trowel . It seemed doable and less taxing than straight compounding/sanding , etc.So I used this tool to skim coat a 16 ' section of 8 ' high wall that had been previously textured -LRB- the texture removed , along with most of the paper from the drywall beneath -RRB- . After priming the wall I applied 4 watered down , rolled-on then squeegeed coats of compound . Working in 4 ` x4 ' sections i used this tool to achieve a VERY smooth finish , though not perfect . I was very impressed by how smooth the compound spread with this `` knife . '' The ONLY problem with it , as another reviewer noted , is the screw head that holds the handle rotation angle is a hex-headed type screw which sticks out about 1/8 '' from the blade base . When the knife is held at a very acute angle to the wall -LRB- which you need to do to get the correct pressure/angle/smoothing -RRB- the screw head tends to dig into the freshly smoothed first or second pass . Changing the screw head might solve the problem , but I just learned to be careful.This is the ONLY -LRB- type of -RRB- finishing knife I will ever use for taping/repairs .
 I used this to skimcoat over old ` crows foot ' texture in my house . This tool saved me a ton of time and provided excellent results . I was originally using a mud hawk and finishing trowel which took longer and left a lot of ` chatter ' which I needed to sand and re-coat . I applied the mud with a roller and squeegeed with this tool . Granted a professional , which I am not , might prefer the traditional method , but I was able to get professional results using this tool .
 I used this for my knock down ceiling project . One reason I did n't give it a 5 star was the adjustment you have to be careful that you tighten the screw enough that it does n't move on you when you doing the knock down . It happen to me and had to shoot the ceiling in that area again to take out the gouge the the screw-head made . All in all its a great product . Once I tighten the screw did n't have any more problems with it .
 As a handyman who dabbles in drywall repair I appreciate tools that get the job done and reduce unpleasant tasks like cleanup . After using a competitor 's product for several years I decided to try the Marshalltown vac sander . Fortunately it was a good decision . The vac sander works well and , like other Marshalltown products , it is well designed and well built.A definite recommendation .
 Great item , really no mess and works just like advertised . Much cheaper then the $ 60 versions at Home Depot . Ordered another for a friend .
 Wife was getting mad at me for all the dust I was making from sanding the ceilings and walls . Finally , I took the plunge and got the sander from Amazon . Very simple design and it works . No more screaming from wife and clean up is now even more simpler . I should have bought this a long time ago .5 stars ! For making my wife happy and no more yelling .
 This sander is a life & time saver . I am able to move across my large basement with ease at sanding and provides a professional look .
 Sanding joint compound has always been just too dusty , but with the VS733 I had no dust in the air , or on me -LRB- I was repairing a ceiling -RRB- , all in the vacuum . Great product , and very well designed for easy use .
 This vacuum sander takes the mess out of finishing drywall . What a great idea .
 this sander works great . attach it to a vacuum , and you will leave little to no dust .
 This thing works great ! After doing a few joints with regular sandpaper and coating the entire house I bought this . I had a dustfree vacuum to use with it and it worked great , only a very light coating of dust could be found on the floor below the sanding .
 Ca n't find this in the stores . Worn the other one out . It will get a lot of use as we repair walls .
 Other reviewers have stated that this product is hard to push due to the vacuum being attached to the tool . This is true , it does take some elbow grease to move the tool due to the extra resistance , but if you are a person who does a lot of patching , such as a person pulling wires in remodels or just fixing little holes here and there , this tool is outstanding . Not only does it speed up the actual sanding by reducing the amount of times one has to clear the mesh screen on the tool , but it saves countless hours of clean up.I usually dread sanding a patch in an occupied space due to the veneer of superfine dust it leaves on virtually every surface in the room , but this tool eliminates that problem and eliminates the need for tenting . Very little dust escapes , and I do mean very little.I should note that I use a 5hp shop vac , and that I would expect varying results depending on how powerful a vacuum I used . 5hp is a pretty strong shop vac , and lesser models might let out more dust . Be sure to clean your filters ! Drywall dust builds up pretty quick on the vacuum filter , but maintaining that is nothing compared to cleaning entire rooms after sanding without something like this product . I would not use this for large projects though , like an entire wall . For patches it ca n't be beat for the money.Highly recommend this tool .
 I used this product while finishing drywall in my bathroom . It worked great . No dust . Highly recommend
 Great heavy duty product . It has taken jobsite abuse very well and continues working without a problem . Great product .
 I recently had a roof built over my trailer and it does not `` connect '' -LRB- free standing -RRB- to the trailer so I re-routed the chimney out the side wall and then up . This kit runs the flue up past the overhang . The only item not included with the kit was the flue pipe . One thing ; the illustration shows the flue going straight out from the stove - you should have the flue pipe go upward a couple feet to start `` lift '' then it will turn the corner and go out better .
 The chrome finish on these sockets is great . And they are strong . Some idiot tightened my caliper bracket with an air gun . I used a lot of extra leverage on the breaker bar to turn the bolts . So much leverage that the breaker bar flexed , but it did not break . Very satisfied .
 the Tekton 11651 1/2 inch drive pro socket set was received in excellent condition and is a very good quality 6 point socket set . I used the 3/4 inch socket on a breaker bar to loosen the lug nuts on my van after an over-zelous mechanic tightened them so tight that my lug nut wrench was stripped trying to remove the nut . I am very satisfied with the socket set and will also order the metric set .
 I needed another socket set to replace one similar to this one that I had lost.This socket set is better overall than my previous one becuase it has 6 point sockets -LRB- not 12 -RRB- I never understood what the reason was for common production 12 point sockets other than saving cost on material.This one has rounded walls in the sockets to reduce the amount of force taken by the corners -LRB- preventing stripping -RRB- . Another thing this has that the other did n't was a ball bearing catch on the breaker bar to keep it from swiveling loosely.The only thing I wish it had was a handle on the case to carry it easier .
 Comes with a lifetime warranty . Great product . -LRB- Michigan Industrial Technologies -RRB- . The only knock I can think of is that the ratchet 's direction change `` button/lever '' is n't as easy to grip as others . They also sell an identical Metric set instead of SAE . Although I bought these locally , not from amazon . The price locally was $ 39.99 so as of 12/17/10 the price on amazon is very competitive .
 This is a great top quality set of bits . If you need metric this is the way to go . Great construction and bit range . Highly recommended .
 I ride a lot of miles on a motorcycle , and these are my favorite earplugs . I buy earplugs in boxes of 200 , and use up a box or more each year . I 've tried a half dozen types , and these block as much noise as any , and are far more comfortable . Harder earplugs are easier to insert , but put pressure on my ear canals and get uncomfortable after ten or twelve hours on the bike . These Yellow Neons do n't press like that . Since I discovered them , they are the only kind I buy , and I 've gone through a half dozen boxes.All foam earplugs are designed to be single use , but like many people , I will re-use earplugs if they are not dirty and still seem to be working OK . Well , the Yellow Neons do not hold up well to re-use , so I run through the boxes more quickly than I did with the harder earplugs . If you are sweating at all , they will soak up a little moisture and then you ca n't roll them up properly to get them back in your ears a second time . And they pick up dirt faster than shinier earplugs such as the MaxLite or Purafit . Fortunately with a box of 200 , you can grab a new pair as often as you like.Note that the Yellow Neons are made in two sizes , and if you have larger ear canals you will want the larger ones.To the commenter on the earlier review , who proclaimed that if you need earplugs your motorcycle is too loud
 I 've used earplugs for 20 years for my chronic migraines . These insert easily , and are comfortable all day . I am able to really stuff them down my ear canal . Sometimes I need tweezers to get them back out . They are so squishable , they should conform to any size ear canal . They can be removed and reinserted as many times as you want . One caveat with the 3Ms is to remove them very slowly and carefully so you break the vacuum-like seal . Otherwise you might hurt your eardrums . Before I tried these , my `` go-to '' plugs were the AO-Safety NRR 32 plugs that come in a box with 40 pairs of orange and 40 of purple . Until I tried the 3M plugs , I thought the AO-Safeties were excellent . But the 3M plugs are much better .
 I use earplugs often . As a writer in a typical office situation , typical office distractions such as loud conversations , people on webinars or conference calls , etc. are very distracting . Rather than expect the world to adapt to me , I use earplugs . These E-A-Rsoft plugs are somewhat small , but sized right for people with small to medium ear canals . I ca n't imagine someone 's ear canals being so large that these would fall out ... I suspect perhaps some failure to follow instructions somewhere.I can leave these plugs in for more than an hour with no discomfort.They block noise well , though I find the 33 db claim suspicious . I have used silicone plugs too , rated at 28 db reduction , that I perceive to do a much better job . However , I just ca n't wear silicone plugs for extended periods as I can these foams.And the price ... around . $ 10 per pair , seems quite a good deal.I 'm happy with the product and recommend it to someone with small to medium ear canals who wants comfortable earplugs that do a good , not great , job of noise reduction .
 I ride a motorcycle with a medium loud exhaust -LRB- about half the loudness of a Harley -RRB- . These earplugs dampen the sound to just the right level where I can ride comfortably to the hum of my own bike while the sound of traffic is all but muted . They are comfortable -LRB- I wear them in 1-hour increments -RRB- , easy to insert and come individually sealed 2 to a pack . 200 is a HUGE number and I do n't know if I 'll ever run out of these.If they did n't expand so quickly they would be perfect . I find myself rolling them between my fingers and then rushing to insert them before they expand . Other than that , no complaints.Update 05/04/10
 Nice soft foam plugs which compress well and expand back out in a reasonable amount of time . When expanded they fit comfortably and do a good job of damping noise .
 I love these earplugs . The price is great and one pair lasts for at least a month every night . Plus I can hear almost NOTHING through them and they are extremely comfortable .
 These are vry comfortable . I 've used them in the pat and they reduce noise significantly . They also have a good price .
 I 've used these and others like them for years , and prefer plugs like this to any other hearing protection . The 3M plugs are comfortable , and buying the big box like this makes them a bargain , easy to afford to hand them out to my concealed carry students in the classes that I teach .
 I have tried many different brands and types of ear plugs , including foam , and self-molding silicone gel . I first bought these when they were AOSafety Sleep/Rest Ear Plugs . These are the softest and smoothest of all I have tried . I 've been wearing them 10 + hours per night at work , 5-6 nights per week , for 13 years . I am smaller than average size and these fit just fine . Being an expanding foam , the larger your ear canals the less pressure they will exert.You can control the amount of quiet/comfort while wearing these by how far you insert these in your ear canal . If you have tried other foam plugs , especially the straight cylinder type you will be surprised how much more comfortable these feel . If you want to maximize the comfort I 've found slightly moistening either the outside of the ear plug or the inside of your ear canal allows the plug to expand more evenly . You can do this by rolling the plug tightly between your thumb and fingers and then licking the ear plug , or you can lick your little finger and stick your wet finger into your ear canal . I can get about 1 week of daily wear from a pair of ear plugs . Finicky types might replace them after each use . Since I need them daily , I use a small pill bottle that attaches to my keyring to hold my ear plugs when not in use.If you are super cheap you can wash these ear plugs . I 've accidentally left these in a shirt pocket as the shirt was washed in a washing machine . The plugs come out of the washer/dryer even softer than new , however they expand faster so you have to be quicker from squeeze to insertion . One trick is to squeeze them as normal , then twist them like the stripe on a candy cane , and keep them squeezed as you insert them into the ear . Lubrication is more important since the ear plug will need to expand and untwist or it will create a hot spot in the ear which will be painful over time . I 've consistently found one plug per pair to be slightly smaller than the other . I 've also used my OCD/Aspy habits to notice which of my ear canals is smaller or more sensitive . You might keep this in mind if you have discomfort on the left/right . Amazon 's -LRB- Sept 29 , 2012 -RRB- $ 20/200 plugs is a better price than my old source of $ 7/14 .
 I purchased this product to sell at a local fair during the tractor pulls . People were very eager to buy and use , the only problem was that I should have purchased 600 pair instead of 400 . I sold out with more people wanting them.I was very happy with the product knowing that it was the highest NRR available , and as such , I was passing the protection on to those who bought . This was a nice fund raiser for our church .
 I have ordered this product for over 9 months now . I will keep ordering them as long as the price is right . These are a fund raiser for our gun clubs youth program .
 I purchased these for target shooting and they work very well in that environment . They are some of the most effective earplugs I have ever used .
 The company I work for used to have many styles of ear plugs available for use and these were one of the choices . They eventually narrowed down the selection eliminating these , so I now purchase my own supply . These are the most comfortable ones I have ever worn . Also very high NRR number .
 This is a great product . I 'm an avid hunter and often shoot at the gun range . These ear plugs are easy to use and cut down considerably on noise . I also like to use these ear plugs to help get some extra sleep from time to time . The best part about this product is that these ear plugs are made right here in the great USA !
 I need to put plugs into my ears so , they stay a long time and the shape , is soft at the tip , these slide far enough , for lasting comfort . They work great , the best I have ever felt , to my ear . Foam is what I looked for , and the shape spring to original manufacture , time and again . They block sound very well , so well that I suggest , they be used .
 What can you say about these ? You stick them in your ear and they block excessive noise . They are excellent in that regard and the price is n't bad at all .
 These earplugs are comfortable.It 's 200 sets of plugs -LRB- 400 total -RRB- . They come wrapped individually , so it 's convenient to throw a set in your pocket for later use .
 Buying in bulk is the only way to go . My wife and I both use earplugs at night , these are the only ones that she says work for her .
 These work . I 've even worn them at the gun range . They are comfortable and disposable . Definitely the preferred style of ear plug .
 That pretty much says it , we continue to buy these box after box . My wife and I both have to wear them at night to sleep and we go through a LOT of pairs . These have the highest db rating -LRB- that 's noise reduction -RRB- and fit comfortably .
 I 'm a light sleeper and even the dog getting up in the middle of the night to drink or stretch used to wake me up . Ever since I started wearing these to sleep , I sleep soundly . Now I ca n't sleep without them . There is a trick to getting them to fit properly and not fall out in the middle of the night . You have to roll them up with your forefinger and thumb really well and insert them almost until the end is flush with inside part of your ear . If they are in really well , it can take a second or two to dig them out in the morning . I get about 15 - 20 good nights sleep with them before they do n't compress as good as they were when new . If they keep popping out during the night , it 's time for a new pair . I started writing the day of the month on the back of them with a sharpie or pen , this helps me track how long I 've been using them and if I lose one , I know which one is older when opening a few pairs at a time .
 These are soooo comfortable , way more so than the yellow cylinder ones this same company makes . The other ones we have at work , and they make my ears very sore , but these do n't even feel like they are there .
 I used E-A-R plugs throughout my Air Force flying career , until we went with custom-fitted earplugs with embedded speakers -LRB- think - earbuds surrounded by custom fit ear plugs -RRB- . I always kept a spare couple of pairs for use at home when working with power tools or mowing . Now , since retiring , I order these plugs by the box , and keep them in the workshop and at the church workshop to use anytime we mow , build , or run any high-noise machines . DEFINITELY worth it ! They cut the noise well , not completely , but enough to prevent damage ... and they still allow you to &#34; hear &#34; people speaking . When installed correctly , they are very comfortable , and expand to &#34; fill &#34; your ear . There is no &#34; shelf-life &#34; that I know of - get them , and keep them handy - order more before you run out !
 You get 200 pairs -LRB- as opposed to 200 individual plugs -RRB- . Each pair is in a little plastic bag . They work well . The box has a drop down flap , to serve as a dispenser .
 Much quieter than the ear plugs I was previously using , but they take longer to expand in your ear . Not a problem for riding a motorcycle because by the time you 've put on your helmet and got on the bike they 're good to go . Comfort wise they 're fine .
 I sleep in these every night . My husband snores , and this keeps things quiet for me . They are super comfortable and easy to wear all night long.Couldn ' t live without them!I have tried others and found the comfort was no where near as comfortable to wear as these are .
 Compared to the heroes earplug , this one can better block noise!And it 's soft.Also the price is cheap!I think it 's the best earplug .
 Great feeder for little ducklings . Very well made of metal.Easy to screw onto a mason jar . Keeps ducklings from spilling and wasting food.Good for duckings upto 5 weeks of age , when there beaks are still small enough to fit into holds .
 All In All Not Bad Good Price.Only Problem I could Find As With Alot Of Small Feeders With This Style/Type Feeders Is My 2 Mth Old Chickens Had It Flipped Over In 5 Minutes.BUT As I Did You Can Put The Feeder In A Dog Dish , I Had Some Flip Resistant Dog Dishes On Hand Not In Use Anyway.I Dont Recommend Attaching To Coop Fence Though , -LRB- To Tempting For Racoons -RRB- Middle Of Coop Is Best Out Of Reach Out Of Mind From Coons , Other Pesky Animals/Preditors .
 With a quart jar , the chickens knock it over occasionally , but not often . Threads must be kept clean and held perfectly level to screw back in . If you have less than 6 chickens , this will feed them all day . More than 6 , you will need to refill .
 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit . Phasellus molestie volutpat tincidunt . Maecenas vestibulum pulvinar enim , nec rutrum augue aliquet non .
 I 've had this reel for about a month now , I 've used it several times , and it does its job , I like that it winds the hose up nicely . FYI , I have a 100 ' hose in it.The handle seems...so-so , it seems to be the weakest part ... it has n't broke or anything , but it would n't shock me if it did ... but anyway ... its a good hose reel , nuff said .
 This item is a must have if you want your hose neatly stored away , and it even has a storage compartment under the top for all your hose attachments . This is the second one i owned . The last one i had lasted for 10 years .
 this is a good hose reel . the suncast i replaced was better made than this one . i like this because it had wheels , same as other one . could use a handle to move it around easily .
 This product makes it easy to reel in the hose and guides it unto the reel . The storage tray under the top cover is a great place to keep hand tools . Overall , a great value .
 Excellent product . I like the bin because you can store a lot of accessories in it . I purchased a hose hideaway with a bin several years ago and really like having a bin to store accessories in . I searched all of local our home improvement stores including Home Depot , Lowes and Menards and they only stock the models without the bin so I was very pleased to see this on Amazon for the same price it would be in a store . I would have given five stars but the only downside to Suncast hose reel products is after about 3 years the part where the hose attaches comes loose and slides out making the unit worthless . I purchased the part that comes loose but the new part just slides out too .
 This is a direct replacement for the previus one I had for about 10 years . The handle is up higher than some other models making it easier to wind . The top storage is very handy also . Great to see that it 's still Made in USA !
 If you plan to crank this like you 're starting a Model T Ford , you 're going to break it . It 's not an industrial item . You 're paying for a home use item and that 's what you 'll get . I think other reviewers are torturing this thing and it will not deal with it . Obviously you can let it freeze either . Nice item . Works well . Treat it with care ... it 's all plastic .
 Had to purchase several hose reels over the years . This is the best ever
 This is a fantastic product to reel in hoses without tangle . However , I have had several parts come apart or not fun ction properly.The hose fitting popped out , and the handle does not latch .
 Works great.I have 125 foot of hose on it . Storage tray is easy to remove and holds all your watering tools .
 I have owned Suncast hose reels for years and this is one of the handiest with the storage bin . Holds a lot of hose too and pretty easy to wind . Does need replacing about every 5 + years or so -LRB- esp . if in sun -RRB- as something cracks or breaks eventually .
 This hose storage has everything I wanted . The geared crank makes rewinding the hose very easy . The hose guide spreads the hose evenly across the real . The storage bin is sturdy and makes a great place to sit for long watering sessions . As for the complaints that it eventually leaks-the instructions remind you of the need for periodic replacement of the O-rings .
 I have purchased several of these both for my use and as gifts . Nice features . Avoid trying to reel in a long section of hose without helping it a little by pulling the hose closer to the winder . Excessive force on the handle can break the reel .
 replaced a broken one.works great.very pleased with purchase.I recommend to others.Easy to assemble and easy to use .
 This is the best hose reel , with ample storage for garden equipment and gloves . It lasts for years and years ; just remember to change the washers once a year for leak-free use .
 It works very good . I have 150 feet of hose on it , and it rolls up very easy . I really like the storage area under the lid . My old one I always had things laying on top and was unsightly , and this one you do n't take notice to sitting on the porch . I am very happy with it .
 Purchased another for a second location . Just like the one I that I have had for about 5 years ... Excellent durability and function .
 this is the third hose reel i have purchased - all three the same type with hide-away trey-only neg . is color of top of reel - i bought fusion paint and painted the top to match the roof color - a good buy and would recommend to anyone - brent
 This is the second Suncast Hose Hideaway I 've bought . I keep the first one in the back yard - - this was for the side yard . The Suncast Hose Hideaway with Smart Trak Hose Guide makes it incredibly easy to rewind a large amount of hose . I 've had those `` automatic '' hose rewinders but this Suncast with Smart Trak Hose Guide is actually easier to use and much cleaner . Having the bin on top keeps miscellaneous items -LRB- washers , nozzles , gloves -RRB- handy and out of sight . This is a great product . I can unwind the hose to water plant containers and then rewind it completely in my dress clothes and shoes for work and not get any water or dirt on my hands , clothes or feet . It 's that clean and easy to use .
 The Suncast Hose Hideaway is terrific . It 's tall , so you do n't have to bend way over . The storage unit inside is just what we needed . Case is durable , product easy to use . Hose unwinds and then rewinds with ease . We were n't able to find anything like this at the hardware or improvement stores in our area , but Amazon came through for us again .
 Had purchased a previous hose hideaway from Suncast . The lid never fit properly on the unit and the hose got tangled almost every time in use . This one is different so much better than the other one . It is constructed well and upgraded to where it 's near perfect . Very happy with this one .
 We had a previous item that was similar to this made by Suncast and over many years it just wore out ! We tried to find a replacement at many , many locations and no one carried anything like it anymore . We even went to the Suncast web site , but they do n't sell to the public ... now that is a problem ! We found this on Amazon and the price was good and we received it in less than a week . Overall we are very pleased with the item , although we wish the wheels were larger which would make it easier to maneuver . There were a few `` marks '' on the hose guide/bin , but they were cosmetic and since it sits outside we kept it . I would recommend this item to someone who wants to store their hose away , as well as store some of the nozzles and other outdoor hose equipment with it ...
 The product was good , the sale process simple , the delivery was on time . All good reasons to place future orders here again !
 I recently purchased the Suncast Hose Hideaway #STB 200B and am extremely happy with it . My favorite thing about it is that it easily rolls up 100 feet of hose with one finger . The only hard part was hooking the hose up and I can not get it to quit leaking where the hose from the faucet connects to the Hideaway , but other than that I love it . Would definitely recommend it .
 I ordered this to replace a near identical unit -LRB- Had a green lid as opposed to brown -RRB- . I loved how easy the old one made it to store plant fertilizer , grass seed , etc and keep 150 ' of hose neat a tidy . It was so simple to wheel the whole thing in the shed when winter approached and wheel it out when spring emerges . Unfortunately , the old one broke a plastic part that kept the reel attached inside the unit . I only hope that the new one lasts at least twice as long as the four years the old one lasted . Great form , I just wish they would `` ruggedize '' the reel portion to insure it functions for a long time . Heavy duty metal reels are just not attractive and few offer additional storage .
 I love this product ! No more onerous rolling up the hose . It 's easy to crank in the hose without its getting tangled.Works great . I have two -- one that swivels and one that rolls . Both are so much better than the old reel wind-ups that I used to have .
 It 's such a pleasure to have your hose just reel in and wrap itself around the wheel and all you have to do is crank the handle . Before it was wrapping the hose around the hose carrier and tugging and pulling the hose in . This unit has a small compartment on top which you can store hose connections or other outdoor tools you may need . A pleasure to use .
 Its pricey but worth it . My old Suncast that I purchased from Lowes did not have the helpful hose guide so it kept bunching up and making it impossible to reel in without sorting it out . This one is large and I do n't really need the extra storage bin on top but I can see how others might like it . This was exactly what I was looking for , just wish the price was n't so high .
 This is the second one I bought . The first one lasted for several years , do n't remember when I bougut that one . The crank handle did break this spring on the first one . I bought a replacement & then , about a month ago , something supporting the hose drum broke & it was hard to crank the hose in . It would be near impossible to disassemble it & make repairs so I bought another to replace it . I love the way it cranks in the hose evenly across itself & the large storage bin for nozels , washers , etc. I notice this one is constructed a little differently from the first one . It has fewer ribs moulded into the inside walls & lid . The lid is a bit less stout than the first one.All in all , if it holds up as long as the other one did , I will be pleased.By the way , I did disassembel the old one & it was not pretty . Even if I had bought replacement parts for it , I would have destroyed it to get the old ones out .
 I purchased this hose hideaway to replace one that I had for 20 years . This is the exact duplicate of my old one that I truly enjoyed . The only reason it needed to be replaced was because a contractor who was doing some work on my house , accidentally broke the handle . I had looked all over for a duplicate and had a hard time finding the same hose hideaway , until now . I love the storage container inside the lid to store all my hand garden tools . I have a 100 foot hose and it stores it so nicely and is very easy to pull out when needed and also reel it back in . I would definitely buy this again and again , if needed . They are manufactured so well that I expect to get another 20 years with this one .
 We bought this to replace the identical hosereel which we 've had for several years . The spool broke , our fault probably by winding too much heavy rubber hose . A great product , reels smoothly with no snags , and a nice , deep storage bin . Just do n't put 100 's of feet of hose on it .
 We use 4 of these hose boxes around our house . They are sturdy and attractive and make pulling out and reeling in 100-foot hoses as easy as possible . The Suncast company is great to work with . If you do need a replacement part for the hose box , just provide the serial number and date of purchase and most parts are covered under their warranty and will be shipped to you free of charge , even if the hose box is 5 years old ! The Suncast website is excellent to use and identify the part you need . This is a truly great product that I highly recommend .
 Good quality product . This is my second purchase of this item . I have been satisfied with the function and durability .
 We had bought one many years ago and loved it . It had broken recently and I was heartbroken . Other hose houses did have the storage are like this one and the quality is really good .
 My husband always had to reel in the hose with our old unit but this new Suncast works so well I can reel in the our long heavy duty water hose with ease . Love it .
 This was a replacement for the same item that lasted 6 years . It would have lasted longer had I not overloaded it with too much hose . I also use the heavy Sears hoses that probably did n't help . It would be great if I could get this same design using heavier materials . Regardless love the storage area where I put all my connections .
 My husband bought this hose reel for me as a birthday present . Every day when I go out to water the plants in the yard , I just sing his -LRB- and its -RRB- praises . The Suncast is so easy to reel up ! The hose does n't get tangled and I really like the nifty storage on the top . It holds all the attachments we use for the hose and is even big enough for our water sprinkler . It keeps the front yard , next to the porch looking tidy . I would recommend this hose reel to anyone . And , BONUS , its made in the USA !
 just what I ordered it came on time and works perfectly . I already have one and this one I bought for my mom she 's 84
 Love this ! Love the storage tray and that the cover is dark brown . It reels very nice . The overall unit is slick .
 THIS IS THE FOURTH HIDE AWAY HOSE REEL I HAVE PURCHASED . I LIVE IN A HOT AREA . THIS IS THE BEST UNIT TO BUY TO PROTECT YOUR HOSES . AND THE SMART HOSE GUIDE IS GREAT , ALWAYS ROLLS THE HOSE UP EVENLEY .
 Really handy for getting into those tight spots , especially on newer vehicles.Well worth the price .
 This cart comes unassembled with pictorial instructions for assembly . It is the first unassembled item I have bought that had no written instructions . I must state the pictorial guide is very well displayed and I was able to get the cart assembled in two 1/2 hour sessions . The cart is UTILITY made . It is not going to last if you toss rocks and concrete in it . Heavy items need to be placed in it . It is good for dirt , mulch , yard waste , leaf pick up and such . There is a seam in the center of the bed running long ways . I think I will cut a piece of plywood for the bottom , just to make it easier to clean out . I would not leave the plywood in when storing it due to moisture collecting.Overall , a vey good by @ 159 for a UTILITY cart .
 A friend had a power Cord on a reel at a quilt retreat and I thought it was the greatest thing for traveling . I just had to have one . I use it all the time and just love it.I would suggest everyone have one in their home .
 I take this with me on the road - most hotels just do n't have enough outlets for two cell phone chargers and two laptops . I can also use it for presentations - plugging in both the slide projector and the laptop into it . I bought four of them so I can have a couple at home also .
 We bought this nailer to install hardwood flooring and it worked very well without misfiring . When we opened the box , I was surprised at the professional quality of the nailer , especially for the price . I would definitely recommend it to others . It was also nice not having to hurry the job because of renting a nailer by the day . As far as I am concerned , the nailer paid for itself after the first flooring job and now we will have it to install more hardwood later on . Also ... you can buy the nails at The Home Depot .
 Arrived from seller earlier than anticipated due to FedEx shipping . Probably why the shipping cost more than $ 50 . My daughter was happy , though , since I could start on her flooring project sooner . Tool is heavy duty but not overly heavy , nicely weighted . Tighten all the bolts right out of the box . Mine started leaking oil after a week so I tweaked the bolts . Tool is made in China so I guess it went through a few climate changes before arriving at my doorstep which would have loosed the bolts . The handle on the mallet arrived loose . I think they used green lumber for the handle and it shrunk . Solved the issue with a couple more steel wedges in the handle . Used the nailer for 1/2 '' bamboo flooring which is not quite 1/2 '' thick , more like 7/16 '' . Therefore , I had to add some washers between the shoe plate and the base of the tool to set the nails in the right place . The strike is pressure sensitive and will not fully set a nail if not hit with enough force . Only takes a few hits to get the hang of it . However , I liked the sensitivity for nailing smaller pieces without splitting them . Tool worked so well I was able to teach my daughter to use it while I cut boards to length . Price was far less than renting a nailer for a couple of weeks and I have it for the next project .
 This tool has proven to be a very useful purchase for do-it-yourself home floor installation . It has proven to be a good alternative to tool rental and probably less costly for installation in multiple rooms . It took a short time to adjust to the tool and the first few nails were not driven properly due to my not having used sufficient force . Has worked flawlessly since I have adjusted to it . Easy to use . Would recommend it .
 Great tool ! I 'm about halfway done with my flooring project and the only time it miss-fired was when I did n't hit the plunger hard enough . My only complaints are that the head on the mallet was loose when I opened it -LRB- I had to drive the wedge further into the handle to secure it -RRB- and the non-marring base will still leave indentations on the floor if you have to hit it harder for a warped board -LRB- I fixed this by tying a sock around the end of the base -RRB- . Also the shipping and handling charge of $ 50 is outrageous .
 This item has worked great for me and is easy to use . I have n't encounter any problems . Only issue was finding the nails , finally found them but would recommend just purchasing them along with the nail gun .
 I 've heard of other saying their product leaked . Mine did too . But I took it apart , back together , then did 800 sq-ft of floor with it and no problems . Seems fine to me . They supply a nice case and a rebuild kit and other goodies . Cheap tool but I think it 'll survive doing the other 2000 sq-ft of the house .
 Ordering and delivery was great . The tool was setup for use in minutes and was used to lay 1500 square feet of 3/4 Oak flooring . The tool performed without a glitch . This was one of the better tool buys I have made .
 customer service is great to work with . key to that is YOU have to contact them otherwise its on the purchaser . thanks !
 fine product i would highly recommend this tool , very rugged heavy duty . $ 900.00 will not buy a better nailer stapler . joel
 On arrival the nailer was put to immediate use . After installing about 800 sf of 3/4 inch hardwood it blew an o-ring . The nailer comes with extra o-rings , which I replaced . I still had an air leak . I called Sterlingtek and they sent me everything I needed to fix the nailerI made one phone call and they had me everything I needed by lunch the next day . Great service !
 I recently purchased the Hard Core floor nailer based on posted reviews and was not disappointed . The pictures really do n't show this is a big tool and well built . I used the nailer to install 3/4 '' walnut flooring using Bostitch 2 '' staples and it only mis-fired once trying to push 2 staples through at the same time . I would attribute this to the manufacture of the staple and not the tool . Jamb was easily cleared and it never missed a beat again . The instruction manual stated it used 16 gauge staples and I had trouble finding that size . In fact it uses 15.5 gauge with 1/2 '' crown and Home Depot had what I needed . Excellent quality tool and the price is right . If your looking I would recommend this item without reservation .
 I did my first floor with this tool . I have two more to do . It is a massive and well built tool . It came with everything I needed to get it working . I shot the L shaped nails purchased from Home Depot and it never miss or partially fired . I ran the tool off a small Craftsman air compressor . It 's the one with the small tank about the size of a long two liter bottle . It kept up fine and the tool worked well with it . Highly recommended for the price.I researched these things a long time but did n't want to pay the price for a named brand one as I would n't have used the same amount of time as a professional . Just for your information , I came across a lot of people warning against the ones that look like the handle is small and held on with two U bolts as they leak after awhile .
 This is a top notch product , very easy to use , set up for 3/4 in . flooring right out of the box . Much better piece than the junk I was renting . Just wish i had ordered sooner , and included the 2 inch staples . The 2 inch cleat or ` L' nails worked fine with the ` rough ' sawmill oak underlayment but , staples always hold better . By the way I was installing 1200 sf of 3/4 in . prefinish oak flooring over the rough lumber . Very pleased with this tool . Joel Townsend Tn .
 Anyone looking for a quality flooring gun this is IT ! I am weekend warrior with no formal carpentery training . I did a lot of research looking for the best gun for a reasonable price . I was looking at the Bostich , Porter Cable , Senco and found the Hardcore on Amazon . I am glad I did . The reviews I read gave me the assurance I needed to make my final decision . I hope this review does the same for you.I am currently doing 1500 sqft , 3/4 red oak in my house with staples . The gun is solid as a rock , easy to use and versatile because it uses both staples and l-cleats . It was setup and ready to go . I did need to tighten a couple of bolts to stop an air leak but no big deal . It jammed once and that 's because I inserted too many staples . The tools design made it easy to remove the jam . I 'd recommed this to anyone looking for a flooring nailer . At this price you can also buy a good compressor to go with it . Plan on spending another $ 50 to have it shipped but it 's still a great deal . This is a smart choice for anyone looking to buy a 2 in 1 flooring nailer .
 This is a great product that lives up to its good reviews . It was less expensive to buy this than to rent a nailer for the time I needed it . I 'm almost finished with my job -LRB- half a house of solid 3/4 '' oak strip , including significant `` lacing in '' -RRB- without so much as a single mis-fired cleat or split tongue -LRB- I 'm using Senco-brand flooring cleats -RRB- . I have to admit that I was a little nervous about purchasing an brand unknown to me , especially after reading about some of the annoying problems folk have encountered with name-brand nailers . I 'm very satisfied with the quality and performance of this tool . I , obviously , can not comment on lifetime longevity and ability to withstand abuse ; but that was not my reason for buying this tool.This nailer is a bit heavier than some nailers , and you can not get quite as close to the wall as with some . It is easy to use both kneeling and standing , and there is good clearance for striking the nailer `` wrong handed '' when near a wall or door jamb . Kit comes complete with everything you need , including mallet and base plates for different floor thickness . It also includes a complete overhaul kit of o-rings , etc. .
 Item did not have an issue except with the Grizzly Staples -LRB- Which curl up in bizzare ways -RRB- . Went to HD and bought their stuff and went through everything just fine - The unit works with out changing a thing with staples and cleats . Did I say I love it . The case is great also . I am never renting again
 I estimated it would take me less than two weeks to install about 1200 feet of 3/4 x 5 inch prefinished oak floor so I rented a nailer from Home Depot instead of buying this one , which I had selected after a lot of research . The Senco nailer I rented is a great tool but but with everything I had going on , I did n't have time available in the two weeks to get the job done . I returned the nailer and bought this one , which is what I should have done in the first place . Another life lesson.This nailer is every bit as good as the Senco with one difference
 I am half way into a 1200 sq. ft. hardwood floor job ... 3/4 inch alder ... Has not even misfired ! Could not pass up the price ... I can do the floor as I have time and not have to worry about rental fees .
 As with the other reviews I was skeptical about a `` no name '' brand tool . Pricing was the reason I bought this although sometimes you have more problems than the low price was worth . I layed 300 Sq ft of Oak prefinished in 2 days and not a single misfire or Jam . The tool worked flawlessly and has a nice storage case to go with it . I do n't know what a Bostitch or Porter Cable could have done better . No split tongue 's or misfires . Great value .
 I installed 200 sq. ft. of cherry hardwood floors in our kitchen using the Bostitch 2 '' staples and never had any problems with the tool . The few times when a staple was n't set correctly , it was due to my fault , usually fatigue . I was concerned that the tool would n't hold up , but it appears to be very well built . If you 've never installed a hardwood floor , you will find that it takes much longer than you expect . So buying a tool like this will save you money over renting unless it is an extremely small space . Also , practice with the nailer on a few scrap pieces of flooring and plywood before you start installing for real .
 The Floor gun works great definately worth the $ 180.00 price . However I was not very happy with the $ 52.00 SHIPPING , I could have gone to Lowes and bouhgt a FREEMAN fo the same price without the hefty shipping charges . I did 3 rooms plus a hall way and the gun met my expectations .
 My father works in construction . He has a new type of job and need a great machine to work on floor . he loves his need machine . Fast , simple , gets the job done .
 I like the nailer . It worked very well . The only problem was that I had to replace the same O ring 3 times while putting down 700 square feet of 3/4 inch hard wood flooring . Not sure what was going on there .
 Used it to put in about 1500 sq ft of hardwood while remodeling out second floor ... worked GREAT ... really worth the price when you think of what it would cost to rent a nailer for the length of time we needed it ... I would recommend this product to anyone ... a fraction of the cost of the more popular brands ... very sturdy ... worth every penny ...
 If you 're thinking twice about this tool , do n't . I thought `` how can this be so much cheaper than the name brands and not be cheaply constructed ? '' I was so wrong , this tool is well made and does just as good of a job as the name brand tools . It also takes your standard flooring nails . Great product .
 I have rented nailers before and have put in two floors with this Hardcore nailer , Bamboo and Hickory . The nailer performed beautifully with 2 '' staples . The carry case comes complete with all the tools you need to maintain the tool . If you have to lay a large floor this is the right tool .
 This is my first stapler , in fact my 1st air tool period . I just started to install my cherry flooring today and it is very easy to use , I am a home owner and have never installed flooring before , so for a 1st time I am very happy with how well the stapler works , it was perfect right out of the box and much cheaper than home depot stapler 's . I will give it 5 stars for sure .
 Customer Service and Delivery was excellent . Product worked great . Would highly recommend this product .
 Saw this stapler , read the reviews , bought it . Worth every penny that I saved ! Works just as well as the expensive models for a lot less.I have used the Bostich stapler in the past , and this one is just as good.Don ' t buy the staples that they recommend though -LRB- box of 5,000 -RRB- . They keep jamming and misfiring . Spend a little more on a better quality staple .
 I bought this nailer while remodeling our home . Renting was n't an option since I could only work on the floor at night and on weekends . I decided to take a risk and purchase this nailer and hope for the best . I was not disappointed . Despite the generic appearance , this guns works every bit as good as the name brand guns that cost 2-3 times more . I installed all of the hardwood in our house without a single jam or failure to feed . This gun easily paid for itself on the first job . I 'm sure that it will last for several more .
 This is a great floor nailer . Did 3 bed rooms , dinning room , family room . NO problems . Great product .
 I love this tool ! I said that to myself many a time while laying down 1600sf of Teragren bamboo flooring without a single staple jam . The nominal 5/8 thickness of the flooring turned out to be 9/16 so I had to adjust the pad slightly to get a snug seating -LRB- but that was n't hard to do -RRB- , and I used Bostich staples . Truly , it NEVER jammed once , which I thought was amazing , even when I accidentally put two staples on top of each other a few times or once when the compressor came unplugged and ran down . I was laying the bamboo over radiant heat , nailing into wooden sleepers with concrete in between them , and the gun easily drove the staples into the concrete a couple times without the slightest problem . The mallet itself is a fabulous tool with a nice soft head for whacking boards into place without damaging them . The head started to loosen a bit by the end . It 's such a great tool . Do yourself a favor and get a nail setter , too . Every once in a while you just do n't hit it right if you 're not paying attention , and you need to set the fastener manually . -LRB- That definitely slows you down so it 's better to pay attention ! -RRB- I ca n't say I was extremely happy with the $ 50 shipping cost , but I am very happy with the nailer at $ 175 .
 I bought this to install 1700 square feet of 21/4 inch , 3/4 '' oak and this puppy worked great . The floor is beautiful and the tool worked like a champ . Never had a single issue . For the price if you 're a DIY'er like me and do n't install hardwood for a living , this is the tool to get . I did the entire floor -LRB- 3 large bedrooms . closets , hallway , dining , breakfast nook and living room -RRB- by myself in nine days and buying was MUCH cheaper than nine times daily rental cost .
 Bought this tool to do the entire downstairs -LRB- 800squarefeet -RRB- . It has been just wonderful . I have no complaints and only praise ! I ca n't comment on how it would hold up in a professional capacity ... but I have several friends in line to use it next !
 Great price , Great tool . Presently laying over 1600 sq.ft of 3/4 '' Bazilian Walnut -LRB- Very Hard Wood -RRB- and this tool works flawlessly . I have never bought tools over the internet and relied on several of the reviews to help me in my decision . If you need a cleat nailer that is very high quality , ergonomic and priced right , get this tool .
 The delivery time was excellent and the tool worked flawlessly . I used 2 inch `` L '' nails and put down 180 sq ft of 3/4 '' hickory and 130 sq ft of 3/4 '' oak . The case is impressive too .
 This is an excellent product . I have used it to install 1200 sf of maple hardwood flooring and is has performed without a problem . The price is great and the product is good .
 We purchased the Hardcore Pneumatic 2 in 1 Flooring Cleat Nailer/StaplerHardwood Flooring 11/2 inch to 2 - inch . This is the best tool for the job , it operates smoothly , no hang ups and the price is unbelievable . The storage case is great , when the job is done the case comes in handy . We just finished installing about 1500 sq. ft. of 3/4 inch x 31/2 inch Bruce prefinished from Home Depot and this tool did an excellent job . We did buy our nails from Home Depot and they worked really well in this nailer . The shipping is outrageous , but you will receive it with about 2-3 days . We read the reviews before purchasing this and it greatly helped us make a decision to buy and we would highly recommend this tool to anyone.Baird 's in Virginia
 I felt like I was taking a chance by purchasing this nailer for roughly half the price of other well known brands . But , the decision was absolutely the right one . It was delivered in a couple days and performed perfectly . I put down about 725 square feet of 3/4 '' oak using staples . Not one problem during the entire project . I could n't be happier .
 bought this nailer based on reviews-just laid 600 sq ft of 3/4 inch white oak without a glitch-very pleased-got nails at home depot
 I laid down 24 boxes of Bruce 3/4 '' oak planking with this and 2 '' Grizzly asian staples . It never truly jammed , but sometimes when I was tired and inattentive , the staples would curl up . Came set up for 3/4 '' , still I had to adjust the tongue for the Bruce boards , tho easy . Mallet head loosened , had to be glued.It never had a problem on the `` last nail '' , maybe because of staples . Just makes a different sound when empty . Put your foot on the side plate , firm steady swing , harder when the plank is a little bowed . Consistently accurate driving - but too shallow if you do n't swing hard enough . Only big problem is not being able to put down planks close to wall . Have to face nail and/or glue those . It would be great to have another trigger to staple without the mallet.Why rent ? This is a good machine . Hard to imagine doing it manually .
 As a handy-person , I searched high and low , comparing the advantages and disadvantages of renting equipment vs. buying it , for a large flooring project in my house . I decided to buy this nailer and the Bostich compressor combination . I could not be happier . This is an awesome tool . It comes in a very nice , sturdy plastic storage case , complete with a nice blow-hammer for the nailer , replacement gaskets , oil for lubrication , adapter pads for 1/2 '' and 3/4 '' flooring , a manual , and even safety glasses ! The shipping was $ 50 , but I received the package in one day ! After 400 square feet of 3/4 '' solid hardwood flooring , I have not had one jam or misfire ; and the pads do not scuff/scratch pre-finished flooring at all . The only part that takes a little getting used to at the beginning is delivering the right amount of force when you hit the head of the nailer . The manual stresses not hitting with too much force for sake of not prematurely damaging the tool , but if you hit it too lightly , the flooring nails will not go in all the way ; it 's a bit of a balancing act at first , but you get a hold of it after a few boards . Putting down flooring always takes longer than anticipated , so it 's been fantastic to go at my own pace and complete a great-quality job vs. being rushed to return equipment -LRB- which would have cost just as much as buying the tools after a few days -RRB- . I whole-heartedly recommend this tool for any contractor/handy person .
 This gun worked fantastic , and you ca n't beat the price . We installed over 800 sq feet of hickory wood and did n't have one problem . The only thing I wish the could have done better was give a better mallet . On occasion you felt like the head of it might fall off . Would reccommend to anyone !!!
 Quick shipping , all arrived in good condition . I used the nailer to install 350sqf , 3/4 '' hickory flooring using Bostitch 2 '' staples and the only mis-firing was due to me , not being able to get a good blow in due to space . Kept the pressure constant at 100psi , no problems what-so-ever . Great tool for an even better price .
 I live in a condo community , have a small yard and a small `` common '' front yard so I did n't want a big spreader . I bought another brand that is green which failed to work well . This spreader was so easy to use and worked very well . I would recommend this to anyone with small areas to cover - easy to use , easy to load and spreads evenly . If mine died , I would buy another . I am impressed .
 I was trying to figure out how to spread wildflower seeds , which are spread at a very low rate , much to low for any settings on my normal broadcast spreader . I saw this on Amazon and thought it looked to be worth a try . The adjustments proved to be easy , and after a bit of experimentation , the spreading of the seed proved to be very easy . It is easy to clean , since it is all plastic . I found a real useful tool !
 It does a good spreading job , but you should put the setting at the lowest level or your bin willempty very fast as it spreads too much at the higher level .
 After doing some research and reading a ton of reviews , I took a chance on this spreader . Works GREAT !!! perfect , no need for gloves or anything like others claim on their reviews . No special techniques of pressing the trigger before hitting the crank . Simple to use , just press and crank , nothing else ... The only con I give it is that if you have a big area to feed you will be doing a few trips to your bag as its capacity is not that great.Other than that , I recommended it for sure !!!!
 This broadcast seeder/spreader works exceptionally well for my use . I had purched one of the popular `` green models '' of another brand and had to retrun it because the gears continually jammed if fine material was broadcast as it would enter the gear box . The Earthway 3400 works smoothly -LRB- no gear problems at all -RRB- and the settings are easily made with the separate adjustment mechanism . My one and only disappointment with this unit is that the hopper is much small than I expected and frequent refills are required if you use it for a good size area . I would have given it a 5 star rating if the hopper was larger . As a side issue , the shipping and delivery was extremely slow . It took something over three weeks to receive this seeder/spreader after ordering it with free shipping -LRB- combined with another order -RRB- .
 The product is cheaply made , but what do you expect for seven dollars . It worked perfectly to seed my lawn .
 Works as described . No problems whatsoever . Spreads seeds evenly and has an adjustment on the amount of seed you want for it to dispurse . I would definately recommend .
 I have had hand 3 different types of spreaders by scotts , and two other manufacturers one blue and one brown . This is the best one on the market . It my mind there is nothing wrong with this spreader . When you actully look at this spreader vs Scott 's in person you can tell the earth way is built stronger and will last longer the Scott 's looks cheep next to the earth way .
 Being a Post and Beam / Timber Framer , I needed bit of this size and durability . This bit is very aggressive and very sharp .
 Overall , I am pleased with the rotary tool set although many of the smaller items I personally will never use . I do like the storage cabinet -LRB- with storage drawers -RRB- which I mounted on my shop wall . Amazon price was unbeatable .
 This is an excellent value priced set for those unexpected projects that require a Dremel tool bit that is not in your `` quality '' bit set .
 Sure beats other brands in terms of price & does similar things.TIP
 They are not the best quality attachments -LRB- wo n't last that long -RRB- . Gets the job done . Not commercial grade but worth its price for the home repairman .
 These hangers are great . Easy to install , just 2 screws into a wall stud and that 's it . Not they do n't make your wheels go out of true , that 's ridiculous . How could applying a concentrated force of less than 18lbs -LRB- hanging your bike -RRB- be worse than riding your bike and applying more than 70 pounds of concentrated force ?
 Racor wall mount bike hanger is easy to install and is the best priced bike hanger you will find.They take up less wall space and when you no longer need them or move you only have a few holes to patch.great value .
 Good product . I 'm using it to cut out simple children 's toys from 11/2 inch pine lumber . These toys are sent to children 's hospitals for kids with cancer . I 've cut out quite a few and the blade is holding up well .
 I ordered these because we put in Mohangy wood floors in our mobile home . And these where the right color n price . But they dnt fit very well , they slide around in the hole .
 Nice vents to replace my old worn out ones . These seem well made and the baffle operation is smooth and easy . Got the creamy brown ones to match my brown carpets . These are at least a 2/3 's cheaper than buying in the store . `` American Metal Products '' are made overseas , ironic name !
 The photo does n't do it justice . It 's beautifully made -LRB- heavy as well -RRB- . Even the shade , made of silk , is pure quality . I love it in my newly done French Country bedroom.The seller was prompt with delivery and it came packed very well . I would definitely buy from this seller again .
 Do n't waste the time and money on low priced tools it only leads to frustration . The first time you use this you will only wonder why you waited so long . Drivers that FIT and do n't strip out the head when torque is applied . Good tools and a good deal . I am happy !
 I needed a # 1 Philips screwdriver with a longer than 4 &#34; shaft to replace the batteries in an old UPS . Seems like a simple thing , but none of the usual local tool outlets seem to carry anything longer than 3 &#34; for a # 1 Philips . A bit expensive , but this screwdriver is exactly the tool for the job and in the end this plus a battery was far cheaper than buying a new UPS . Now if I could just find other uses for this thing without having to wait a few years for the UPS battery to die again .
 I used this for work and my coworkers always wants to steal it from me . It has a great tip and long shaft makes my job a whole lot easier . If you are an electro-mechanical technician , you should have this screwdriver with you at all times .
 I bought a refurbished Roomba a few years ago . Having never seen one before I foolishly thought that one wheel had a spring to automatically adjust hight but not the other seemed only strange . After finding a spring on the carpet lead me to believe it was n't by design . I looked deeper in the wheel well and could see where this spring should be . I tried to take it apart using my trusy # 0 phillips pocket screwdriver . I almost took it apart but one screw resisted and started to strip . I ordered this driver because I liked it 's length and correct size -LRB- Phillips # 1 -RRB- . Was able to take apart the roomba without any pesky screws resisting . Replaced the spring it it 's proper place . The roomba also works a bit better , less getting cought on the carpets edge .
 No matter how careful you are with your Phillips screwdriver , they can slip out of the screw . This eventually rounds the edges & it will slips more often . My search for a replacement # 2 , 8 '' shank Phillips screwdriver found this deal on a Klein Tools - VACO branded screwdriver . : -RRB- Disclaimer : Before getting into my review for this product , I need to note that the sellers are always changing here on Amazon , as are the prices for the same product . This means what I paid could ... will differ from the going rate today.The Pros : + Brand name , high quality tool . + Very low cost of $ 2.66 ! + Fast UPS shipping . + The screwdriver is perfect in appearance & functionality.The cons : - The shipping cost was too much , in my opinion , at $ 8.22 ! I 'm dropping the rating one star for this .
 I managed somehow to get a defective wall plate , it has rows of small chips along both the top and bottom making it look horrible when installed . I purchased 2 and one was perfect , and the bad one was still in the factory packaging -LRB- with no plastic chips inside to indicate mishandling -RRB- so it is clearly bad Q/C at the factory and not at all a problem caused by the vendor . It is an annoyance to have to reorder and replace.Update
 This item met my expectations , i.e. it fit the description in the ad . Arrived in a timely fashion , with the proper hardware .
 Anyone who knows of Klein tools knows how good they are . These are a must have for anyone who needs nut-drivers . If you use them all day you will quickly notice how helpful the cushion grips on these nut-drivers are . I was an electrician for serveral years and began using Klein tools . After using screwdrivers and nutdrivers all day every day it became apartent that the cushion grip was a neccesity . Klien makes superior tools and I would recomend them to anyone . I 've had my Klein nut-driver set for years and have used them over and over and have never had any problems with them.If you need nut-drivers , buy these .
 This is by far the best nut-driver set I have ever seen , used or owned . Excellent quality and durability . Best of all each driver has a hollow shaft permitting the tool to drive nuts on bolts up to 3 inches long . A nut driver is so much more convenient to use versus a crescent wrench -LRB- adjustable or otherwise -RRB- and the hollow shaft extends the utility of these drivers to many applications that would otherwise require a wrench.Two thumbs up ! I buy Klein whenver possible!Update : I was recently repairing a leaky toilet and to my delight , the half-inch driver slipped neatly over the bolt used to connect the tank to the bowl . For years , I had been using an adjustable crescent wrench to perform this function . Given the most awkward location of the bolts , the fact that there are TWO and you have to tighten them evenly , this chore was pretty miserable . But , with the Klein nut driver it was a breeze . Easy to place on the nut , does n't mis-adjust , does n't slip.The right tool for the job .
 This is a very good set of drivers , they are of top quality . I bought them as a back-up set , however they have quickly become the ones I go to .
 I know klein makes great tools and expected nothing less with these . They are very well built with sturdy and comfortable cushion grip handles . The hollow shafted hex ends fit to fasteners and bolts perfectly . The chrome plating is also very nice and holds up to constant abuse . I am in the hvac/r feild , and use nutdrivers daily ! These nutdrivers took the place of my previous craftsman set . Can not go wrong with klein tools !
 These are not only for electricians . These are some of the best nut drivers ever made and made in the USA
 Very nice set of nut-drivers ! Always heard Klein tools were awesome . It is only until now that I understand why . If you need a tool , might as well buy one that you 'll lose before it breaks !!
 These are some high quality nut drivers , as the Klein name suggests . Do n't buy the cheap ones , Klein are the only way to go . These will last a lifetime .
 And these are no different . Durable , ergonomic , and affordable . What else can I say ? All of my screwdrivers and nut drivers are from Klein.They just do n't break , and they are easy on your hands , too . I have a few that are over 20 years old ! They were hand-me-downs from my dad and I fully expect to be able to hand them down to my son -LRB- once I have a son , that is -RRB- . They really are that durable .
 This set is a great idea for anyone needing nut drivers . These drivers are comfortable and easy to use . In addition to the comfort , they are also the best drivers in the industry , because they are made by Klein !!! A must-have !
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Great value - looks sharp on the new white cabinets . I put the pulls throughout my new custom home and really like the simple , elegant look .
 This is the best nut driver ever.To anyone that has busted their hand when a screw jumped out of the driver installing tin.This is the BEST , when you put a screw in this nut driver it will STAY.I have used many different types of drivers over the years and these work wonderful.They are worth every penny of their cost .
 This item is very hard to find , once you use it , you will want to buy more . Great idea
 I ordered this based on other shooters ' recommendations . I run suppressors on my guns , and naturally they get extremely hot . With the heat blanket , I can wrap the can and either remove it , or use it when I lay it down on something that can burn . Blanket is very soft and does a great job and insulating heat .
 This is pretty nice . It is thick enough to insulate . It seems pretty much fireproof although I notice there 's a bunch of fine print on the directions . And I expected it would be stiff or possibly scratch items I wrap in it but it really is soft and merits the name -LRB- Velvet Shield -RRB- .
 I purchased this blanket to protect walls , woodwork , paint , etc. while soldering copper pipe . Works very well and is easy to clean after use .
 Short but sturdy , this hand truck is good for small to medium size jobs . No assembly needed so when it arrives it 's ready to use . Solid tires make for a bumpy ride but you do n't have to worry about flats . I was impressed by its rock solid one-piece frame , much sturdier than I expected . Despite the low price this is no piece of junk that 's going to fall apart on you . It will last for many years .
 The pricing was great , the packaging was appropriate and I received it quickly . Saved me a lot of time shopping .
 The sander works just fine . The sandpaper stripsthat came with it are a bit short and very hard to secureto the bottom of the sander . I had to purchase sheets ofsandpaper and cut them to a size that would fit the sanderbetter .
 >> > Very nice sander for the price . The vacuum connection is the big plus here as it does in fact keep dust from spreading around the shop . Just attach a standard shop vac hose to the port and you are good to go.I am very happy I purchased this sander .
 Ca n't say much other than it was a good price and the tool does its job .
 This sander does exactly what I want a sander to do ! When I saw the `` dust collection '' feature , I had my doubts . After I connected it to my Shop Vac , it worked just fine . The variable speed adjustment is a great feature for this sander . I have no complaints with this sander .
 The sander worked better than I expected . Not as much vibration as some and did a sufficient job .
 Product appeared to only available on line - it was a replacement for one that I had for years and unfortunately `` died '' this one was just what I wanted
 It was a purchase for my husband . He was very impressed with the sander . Bragged to everyone about it . It worked wonderfully . Excellent buy on my part
 I love this product , particularly as it fits both small and large flood and spot lamps . I was dumb enough to one that I already owned to my daughter on my last visit , so this is the second one I have purchased . Well below the cost of changers from Lowes and works just fine . A great product and a great value .
 Was n't sure what to expect on this one . Attached a broom handle , wet the suction cup , and it worked perfectly !
 This product works great , if you dampen the face first , to increase suction . I had a pole from a yard sale but I did n't have the suction cup to change some overhead PAR bulbs , so I just bought this .
 This is not the first time purchase of this product . I have been using it for a few years . It is really great for changing bulbs in those high ceiling lights . It sure beats dragging a ladder out every time to change a bulb .
 If you are looking for the best way to change light bulbs , this product is for you !
 we recieved this but one of the screws did n't work so we had to sub the old one which does n't match the color
 Why waste valuable time and money at a big box store looking for a Double switch wall plate . I will tell you from experience they do not carry them , or if they do ... they are out of stock . Even the mom and pop hardware storesdo n't carry them . Save yourself the gas and energy ... order the liberty hardware variety and you will be pleased with your purchase . They carry all sizes and shapes . I had been looking for 9 months and finally realized I should look online . Needless to say 10 minutes later I had all my switch and outlet plates ordered . Qualified for super saver shipping and arrived within a week . I did n't even have to leave my house . Great products with great service !
 I purchased these lights to replace the terrible plastic tubed ones I already had along my walkway . I live in the mountains with absolutely no light and these are wonderful . I like the soft white light they give and they work really well with lighting up my pathway to the house . The steel tube construction is very sturdy and they should hold up much better in our deep snow !
 These were exactly what I was looking for . They were cheap and effective . I have used them both for my dive gear and for crab fishing .
 Like another review I did n't get the stand either . Amazon is pretty much ignoring requests for the stand . The saw I like but it is bulky and not for the average DY . I was using 18 '' tiles and needed something that had a sliding bed for straight cuts . The saw did need adjustments to get a square cut , no big deal . The bed did slide smoothly without binding or wobble . The motor is plenty strong , the blade that came with it is really trash its not for cutting granite or hard tiles get a good new blade right off . The water pump worked fine until the water in the pan dropped a little then it would n't coat the blade , make sure you have the tray full . The miter attachments are very acurate . If your only going to cut smaller tiles then this saw may be overkill but for larger tiles its worth the money . Make sure you have a place to store something this big at home it will take up some space .
 I 'm a novice at working with tile . I bought this exact saw from home depot for $ 247 about 3 days ago and could n't wait to get it home and set up . The stand came with it but I wish it came with the `` extension board '' mentioned in the instructions but it lists no part number for it , nor does it mention it at the Qep website . The instruction pictures were hard to make out but following word for word it did n't take long to put this together . I used it for about 31/2 hours straight and had no issues with it , love this thing . My first attempt to cut tile was with a hand held jig saw and a tile blade ... OMG . If you 're a beginner and thinking of trying that same method DO N'T , it will take a year to get your tile cut LOL . Buy this saw , even at $ 360 it 's worth the price . I did change the saw blade out for a high dollar one so I have no idea how the free blade will hold up . I 'm doing about half my house in tile so I 'll post any updates should any problems arise with the saw .
 Received the saw less stand . Have not received the stand from Amazon as yet . Disappointed with their customer service . Tiling a kitchen and bath with 18 in porcelean tile . Need to get another blade after a few cuts . Saw works well and would recommend for the DIYer .
 This saw is good enough for an advance DIY to do tile and brick work.If you are only doing tile work , I would suggest getting something smaller that is better for the smaller tile cutsI originally bought it to do pavers as it was cheaper to buy the saw than rent one for my job.Later I have used the saw for bathroom tile work.And I had no chipout with the stock blade and I was happy with its durabilityNow I give it four stars because I did have to replace the water pump already and it is challenging to calibrate.Having said this I will say was accurate in doing repetitive and miter cuts as frame is very sturdy.One could ask why not 3 stars given this and I would say it was good enough to get the job done and much cheaper than a rental.And I just did n't this it was fair to ding an low cost DIY saw for not being as good as saws 2x-3X more expensive .
 Arrived on time , took a little time to put together , but worked great ! I would recommend this to everyone . It worked on 16x16 tiles as well as 9x12 .
 After extensive research into reviews of wet saws ... I chose the qep 60020 for my first tile project - cutting porcelain tiles . I was very pleased with how the saw cut , the ease in assembly , and delivery from Tool King . The saw did arrive with the water reservoir broken ... after a quick call to Tool King , and a very helpful and competent customer service agent ... the new water reservoir was quickly delivered . In addition to the excellent cutting this saw performed -LRB- I did buy an upgraded blade -RRB- ... i was pleasantly surprised that I did not get wet at all ! Considering it was 30 degrees when cutting ... that was a most appreciated feature !
 Very happy - Amazon & Northern Tool & Equipment beat out home depot 's online deal when including the shipping and handling , which sealed the deal for me . Delivery was made WAY within the estimated shipping time/date . I 'm very happy with the machine , very easy to assemble , did n't need instructions . Just the pump was a little inconvenient , but with intuition and i 'm guessing experience , its not a bother at all . Also added my own back-splash to it ! The machine is worth the money we finished a bath & 1/2 a kitchen in a days work with no issues . Love it so far !! All IS WELL - Great investment .
 This blade works well on my 12 '' dewalt.It cut cherry with zero effort and did not burn at all.I should have bought 2 for the price , but I do n't think I will ever need another one unless I do something stupid and break some teeth.The only thing I am not sure about is that it does n't have a non-stick coating on it like other blades . But it it 's not like I will be cooking eggs on it.I would recommend this to a friend if they could get it for under $ 30 like I did .
 This is one of the few horizontal bike storage rack . It is easy to install , saves space . It was the best pick for me and it is sturdy , can hold most bike easily.I will recommend this to anyone to like to store their bike horizontally .
 After doing a quick research on Amazon I came to the conclusion that this hook would be the perfect blend of good price and performance . The only thing I was worried about was - would it hold a normal mountain bike ? There 's nothing about the maximum weight it can hold in its description , and one could only see those lighter road bikes on the provided pictures.Yesterday I 've received two of those and screwed them to my garage drywall -LRB- of course , after finding the wood inside -RRB- . The two provided screws hold the rack perfectly fine . I 've screwed them directly into the wood , making just tiny -LRB- 1mm wide , 0.5 inch deep -RRB- holes with a drill first.I put first my kid 's bike on it and ensured it handles it fine . The rack is actually much more solid and strong that it appears on the picture . After that I put my own mountain bike -LRB- not very expensive and hence not very light - about 30 pounds -RRB- on it - and it handled it like a champ.The shelve is a nice additional touch
 This is a great , sturdy rack . Considering it cost less than $ 25 , this is a great buy!I 've got two bikes weighing about 45 lbs total and I 'm not worried about this rack collapsing at all . Just be sure to use wall anchors and you 'll be fine . I used three 5/16 anchors and screws .
 My wife and I ride recumbent , tadpole trikes . We saw these at a recumbent trike dealer . He was using them in the shop , but had none for sale . We imediately went to Amazon where we found them for sale and bought two . I can attest that they work on ICE and HP Velotechnik trikes . Your mileage may vary .
 If you think your bike is beautiful , buy this rack.to free up floorspace and eliminate ground clutter , this product is excellent . It has no foot print and it has a small rack that stores my helmet and pump.What 's remarkable is how good a bike looks as wall art.For capacity , the rack is currently loaded with :2 bicycles
 Great for storing a bike and it has a shelf to store a bike helment or a pair of shoes . The shelf can also be used for making minor repairs . When the rack is not in use , it folds up .
 So far is up with two bikes , no problems and I am happy with the purchase . Seems a little bit under stress with two bikes though .
 Works great . At first it was a little scary to hang the bikes up , but works it like a charm !
 I have two of these and have two very different bikes on them . My carbon Franco Balcom barley posses any challenge to this stand . My 1987 Raleigh flexes it a bit but it holds strong . The first time I put it up my Raleigh tore right out of the wall but that was my fault since I did n't put it in a stud . So be sure you to mount in a proper location or it will do the same to you .
 First thing to do is to find the stud behind your wall before you attempt to install this.or find a solid backing if you have a different wall material . I used a stud finder , marked it , then drilled the holes for the screws . -LRB- I did use the included 3 screws -RRB- After that I tested it with a standard adult size bikeand it held . Then I added my sons ' bike which is a standard BMX type . Both bikes have been hangingon the rack for about 3 weeks now . No problems to report so far . This is a space saver for meand I reccomend it to anyone . Affordability is also a plus .
 Have used these for years and they hold up nicely . Easy to store bike and helmet and fold up when not in use is a big plus in a garage !
 I was n't expecting the rack to be at sturdy as it was . I have two full sized road bikes hanging , tucked under my garage door track . Installation took 5 minutes and was very easy . This is a great space saver . I would recommend to anyone looking to store 2 bikes .
 This is a really good space saver and it opened up my studio room so neatly . It fits both my road bike and my mountain bike . IT came with 4 screws and I was intending to put it on a drywall right above my couch like a masterpiece painting and it looks great !! ; so I had to go buy the drywall screws first to make sure they are on the one wall nice and snug . The shelf works great ! I put my gloves , shoes , and helmet on it so everything is all there and ready to go whenever I want it . It 's a great buy . I recommend it to anyone .
 For the price paid it is a five star rack . Sure it could be made stronger but there are other racks at higher price points and greater quality that are available if that 's what you 're looking for.I hang one old road bike on this rack and I am 100 % confident that it will not fail under normal use.This is the type of product where a proper installation is key . Pre-drilling the correct size pilot hole into a stud and driving in the included screws with the correct bit and without over tightening is all it takes . I chose the additional step of attaching the rack to a small plywood backer board bolted through the drywall and into a stud . Drywall on its own will compress over time and the rack could become loose . Other types of wall construction will require a little more attention to detail .
 I only have one bike but like the option of adding another . This is a nice unit that is easy to install and works great . Love that you can tuck it flat if not in use -LRB- like winter time -RRB- . Man ! i just saw this rack which may be even better because of the bsket . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a solid bike rack for a great price . It was very easy to install on one stud in my garage with the 3 included screws . I have n't yet tried to put a second bike on it though . It does have only 1 dip in the arms , so I assume the 2nd bike will not be as steady .
 Easy to install . It can carry two bikes . The rack can fold if not in use to save some space . Its a very good quality for a cheap price
 The rack provides basic mounting capabilities and works well with my Motobecane Cyclocross bicycle . My only problem with it is that there is no mechanism for preventing the handle bars from turning left or right while mounted so my tire often hits the wall and leaves marks . I guess this is a problem because I may not have complete balanced/leveled the rack system when I mounted it but I still think there should be something to prevent handlebar movement .
 I put this up as soon as I got it and it works great . The product came rather quickly and was real easy to install .
 I intalled the bike rack a couple of months ago and it is still going strong . It saves so much space in the room . Make sure to put it into the wall studs .
 This rack is much more stable than the single bike alternative sold here . Even if you have only one bike , I suggest that you spend the money and get this one .
 This rack only works well with bikes that have the traditional cross-tube . My mt. bikes are full-suspension with a diagonal cross-tube . They do n't hang right with this rack.Quality of the rack is good for the price .
 Even though the rack flexes a little more than I thought it would , it has held up pretty well to holding a relatively heavy bike -LRB- Specialized Globe Vienna Hybrid w / U-Lock attached -RRB- . The screws that come with it are just awful , though . I would really like to give it 3.5 stars because of that , but I 'll round up . So if you 're getting this rack , make sure you head to Home Depot and grab a couple of good wood screws to properly secure this rack to a stud . The screws included do n't have deep enough notches in the head so attempts to tighten the screw resulted in a lot of slippage.Overall it 's a pretty solid rack and you wo n't be disappointed as long as you get decent wood screws .
 We are using this rack to store a 27lb bike . Anything heavier may be a problem , since the construction does not include a support arm and relies on the hinge mechanism.We have taken care to place the bike gently on the rack , and even then it bounces a little.Not the quality and strength we expected , however , for the price it is a four star .
 I 'll admit I was apprehensive that this item would be strong enough to hold 2 adult mountain bikes , but it does ! I 'm very safety conscious so it took me 30 minutes to install . Found the stud , pre-drilled the holes , used soap to make the screws go in easier , added a washer to each screw for strength and all is well . Based on other reviews , I put electrical tape on the arms where it contacts the bike to be sure it did not shred , but I 'm thinking maybe the manufacturer fixed that issue because my rack did not have a `` rubber coating '' as others mentioned . Mine had a rubber tubing that slid over the metal and it looked pretty durable . I fit 2 adult Trek mountain bikes on it -LRB- each pointing in the opposite direction of the other -RRB- . I got an item to cross off my honey-do list and my wife is extremely happy .
 This is great for getting your bike off the floor , especially if you do n't have a garage or other storage space for it . Only complaint is that the front wheel will swivel freely because there is nothing holding it still . Lock the front wheel to the pedal with your bicycle lock -- this will prevent both the pedal and the wheel from moving around , hitting the wall , hitting a person , etc. . It looks like a `` magic '' flying bicycle on the wall -- especially if you put your helmet on the shelf it hides the rack , so all you see is the bike and the helmet . Very cool !
 screwed it into a stud in the garage wall and I love it . Gets the bikes up off the ground . Theres enough space between the bikes that they do n't rub on each other either . Perfect !
 I mounted this in my apartment which has metal studs . I always worry about using wood/sheet metal screws in metal studs , but the the screws that came with it are excellent . The screws are coated with a gripping material that makes for a sure connection . The mount is solid and can easily hold a mountain bike . I have n't tried to put 2 bikes on it , but it is quite solid and I feel like it would handle it . -LRB- Maybe not 2 mountain bikes with the metal studs , but 2 road bikes for sure , and 1 mountain and 1 road without worry . -RRB-
 Great quality and well worth the price to free up space in your garage ! Easy to install ... holds bikes well and sturdy .
 After comparing a few products , I went with the Racor Pro RSB-1R , and it was the right choice . Installation was very easy , just follow the instructions and it takes less than 5 minutes . As for the sturdiness of it , it 's been holding my ROAD bike for over 6 months and it has n't strained , bent , collapsed , etc. . For the price , you ca n't beat it .
 It look so Strong so Durable so Versatile for my bicycle . Hang on the wall.Easy to install.It good folding bike rack .
 Holds bikes securely and the shelf is very convenient . Make sure to have a good stud finder on hand.Tulsa , OK
 And this was the simple clean solution to do that . They are a &#34; touch &#34; flimsy but hold our light bikes very well . For the price these are great and when the bike is off them they fold up out of the way .
 Installation was easy . I chose to use real lagging bolts instead of the screws that came with it.This rack is a good deal and will store two bikes but they are crowded.During the off season I will use it for 2 bike storage.Come spring when the snow blowers are put away the road bikes will go up on the racks and the mtb will stay on the ground.FYI 1/4 x 11/2 inch lag bolts fit perfectly .
 Nice design , but I would n't trust hanging two bikes from it . Physically not very much room and structurally , I do n't think it would hold too well , even if hung on a stud . Definitely find a stud or use some heavy duty anchors if you hanging on drywall . Good product overall .
 Works perfectly . I easily mounted two 27 inch bicycles on it . I read some others had problems mounting two bikes . I found it easy
 First I had purchased the pulley type systems for the 2 road bikes and 1 mountain bike I wanted to get up off the ground . I got those home , and really struggled with trying to figure out exactly where to hang them to maximize the space I had to work with . Throw in the fact that the studs are really hard to find due to the design and heavy insulation of the house , and then the fact that I would need to cut wood , paint it , and try to mount everything so that it lined up exactly to each bike made my brain hurt . The 3 pulley systems were over $ 50 , the rope looked cheap , and I decided to look into alternatives . I came across these on Amazon and thought it looked like a much easier and cheaper alternative , as well as the bonus of having the shelves the hold the helmets . I received them yesterday , hung the heavier mountain bike on the single rack and the 2 lighter road bikes on the double . They worked great , went up within 1/2 hour between the 2 of them , and got the bikes -LRB- and helmets -RRB- up off the floor . I have to agree with others that you definitely need to be sure you are attaching these to something solid , preferably directly into the studs . You also should look at picking up some high quality wood screws , as the ones provided will strip easily . Total cost about $ 34 delivered for both units . Save money , save time , save headache , and gain some extra helmet storage . All adds up to my recommendation to get these if you want to hang bikes on a side wall .
 I bought this to hang one bike , and it works great . I could easily hang another road bike , facing the opposite direction . This product is very sturdy and a huge space-saver , because I can get 1 or 2 bikes up off the floor and out of the way . Easy to install with included hardware . Installed in a stud , about 7 feet off the floor . Have had no problems with stability . My bike is only about 18 pounds , but I am confident I could hang another bike on it , as well . Shipped very quickly , arrived in great condition . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a small apartment and enough wall space for a bike - especially if , for some reason , you ca n't hang your bike from the ceiling . It would also make a great budget repair stand , if you hung it at working height . It does stick out from the wall quite far , so if you do n't really need to hang two bikes on it , I recommend getting the single-bike rack , which is a little lower profile . However , this rack does fold completely flat against the wall , to stay out of the way when not in use .
 I have two of these
 works as advertised hold up one bike without a problem . Just make sure you have it secured very well to the wall .
 Cheap and easy to install . Comes with all the proper hardware . Took me 5 minutes to install . Holds my bike up perfectly and keeps it out of the way .
 If saving space is your goal , this rack is a good working product . I put two bicycles on this rack . It works perfectly . -LRB- I use frame adaptors for both bicycles . -RRB- Only complaint was I had a hard time to put the screws all way down to the wall . One screw head was twisted .
 It is what it is . The only thing I would recommend is replacing the philips screw that comes with the package with a hex head screw . That only cost me less than 1 dollar . Other than that , it does the job .
 As long as it is installed on a stud , this bike rack works well for one man bike . Very easy to install and very stable . I highly recommend this one .
 The two Racor Pro PSB-2L 's that I purchased are better than I thought they would be . They 're sturdy and easy to install . The rubber coating can use an upgrade . I have one that was easily torn .
 I spent more time finding the studs in my garage than I did installing this item . Pre-drilled the holes and assembled and put the bike up and it 's been GREAT ever since ! It holds my helmet and other items as well !!
 This is an inexpensive , simple device to hang your bike on the wall . It does what it was designed to do , and is much , MUCH cheaper than a lot of the overpriced , over engineered storage racks that you see on the market . The simplest solution is usually the best , and this is it !
 To be honest I had my doubts this would hold up 2 mountain bikes -LRB- although both aluminum -RRB- but it is quite sturdy . The third time putting the bikes on the rack though , the rubber coating ripped off of one of the supports , I 'm going to have to wrap tape around it to keep it from coming all the way off . I 'm sure I should have lifted the bike higher instead of just pulling the bike off and it may not have happened.Also be sure to pre-drill for the mounting screws as they are fatties . I stripped one pretty good trying to skip that step.All in all an good solution for storing your bikes up and out of the way .
 Hung this double rack in about 5 minutes , really !!! Put 2 adult bikes on with no problems at all . Worked better than I could have imagined . The single bike racks did n't fair so well ... Just awesome .
 This is my third purchase of this bike holder . Perfect for holding my road bikes . Also , you can fold it down when no bike is on it . Inexpensive , but great for hold my bikes in the garage .
 This review is for the double wall-mount unit.My boyfriend and I share a small , 850 SF apartment with no storage area for bikes . We had been keeping our bikes on the floor of our dining room but decided to try this wall mount since we had empty wall space to fill . I ride a Giant road bike and he has a Giant hybrid that is slightly heavier than my bike . We can mount both easily on this rack -LRB- see picture with the Giant bikes -RRB- and still have room for our helmets , biking backpack , and locks to fit on the little shelf.We tried to screw it into the drywall , but even our very light bikes were too heavy and nearly pulled the drywall apart . You definitely need to screw it into a stud . There are three screws , but only two of ours made it into the stud -LRB- I have no idea how the middle one did not ; it 's a straight line -RRB- and it still holds up just fine . Very sturdy and adds a really cool flare to our apartment . The bikes are easy to take off and put on . We mounted ours about halfway between the floor and the ceiling to clear up floor space but still allow for me to pull my bike down -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- . I highly recommend this rack . It is affordable , small , and very effective -LRB- at least for two road/hybrid bikes ... I can not speak to its ability to hold up mountain bikes -RRB- .
 Wont install properly unless you insert screws into a wall stud . I have three . One for my 26 `` Mongoose -LRB- which is installed above bedroom shelves close to ceiling -RRB- , and the other two for my kids 20 '' bikes . I am so happy with the space I saved , I am going to purchase another one for my daughters 26 '' bike . If you have alot of bikes that are in hallways or corridors , you need to purchase this product . My other bikes are hanging on the wall in the hallway and corridor which allows me to walk freely with my new space :-RRB- without any clutter . No more steping to the side to get around bikes .
 I purchase this bike rack to hang my bike in my apartment . I actually use it to hang my bike from the seat tube so that it is vertical -LRB- space saving -RRB- . It 's super strong , great price , and I love the little shelf for my helmet , gloves , and sunglasses . It was easy to install .
 The product showed up and was as described . Makes for a much more organized garage ! Holds my 28 pound mountain bike without a problem .
 Item is black in color and is similar in construction found at common retailers and bike stores . It folds easily and has `` cross-bars '' , so when once mounted and folded down , you can place a helmet or other item on the rack . The only drawback is that the screw set -LRB- 2 wood screws included -RRB- , does not come with dry-wall anchors . So , if you are planning to simply mount this rack on dry-wall , I would recommend getting dry-wall anchors -LRB- with appropriate weight specifications -RRB- that will easily go through the dry-wall and anchor on the other side . Smaller anchors may not attach well-enough and if you mount kids bikes -LRB- which sometimes are heavier than adult road bikes like mine -RRB- , the rack will be pulled off the dry-wall . Since I had an electronic stud-sensor and the wood stud was in a convenient location , I simply mounted to rack on the stud and it is safely secured to the wall . The rack saves space in my garage . As this rack is only for one bike , I can place my 19.0 lb tri-bike on it or put my child 's 20 '' bike on it that definitely weighs more than 20lbs . Only four-stars due to non-inclusion of dry-wall anchors .
 ... but it holds my bike pretty well -LRB- and my bike is a little heavier than most -RRB- . I was contemplating on ordering a more sturdy rack but I am glad I did n't ! Good work .
 It took awhile for Amazon to deliver this product . Once it arrived , I installed it easily . It took a few minutes to figure out how to get two bikes on the rack . I had to slide one forward and the other bike backward to keep the handle bars and seats from hitting each other . Should be no problem to use going forward .
 I love this bike rack , it is on the balcony and I saved a lot of space !!
 We had no problem installing it . It works as advertised . Delivery was prompt.I deducted one star , because the protective rubber around the steel rack tore within a few days of use and had to be replaced with tape .
 does what its supposed to , after assembled on the wall , it folds down too easily when removing/mounting a bike , so you have to put the bike down and lock the rack in place before trying again
 This review is for the double folding bike rack.I only have 1 bike -LRB- at the moment -RRB- , but I bought the double anyways because the way it mounted to the wall seemed more robust . With the single rack , the mounting plate is very small and a bike can put a lot of force on the screws holding it to the wall ... with the double rack , the mounting plate is long and there is also the brace which makes for a better mount . Granted , I know the single rack works for people , but I liked the mount of the double better . AND , if I get a second bike , I 'll have a spot for it.I did n't have studs in the particular place I wanted to mount , so I opted for molly screws in the drywall -LRB- yet another reason the larger mounting plate on the double rack is better -RRB- and it is solid ! It 's not going anywhere.I like the way it folds down when not in use , and the platform is perfect for storing my cycling shoes and other gear -LRB- gloves , helmet , etc -RRB- . Since I only have one bike on the rack , the extra long arms -LRB- for the additional bike -RRB- works great to hand my cycling shorts and jersey for the next ride.I had no problems with my bike fitting as I still have a couple inches between the end of my handle bar and the wall . From the center of my top tube to the wall is about 12.75 '' . I have not tried putting two bikes up on it , but I do n't foresee there being any problems.Okay , now the -LRB- only -RRB- flaw . I have only used it about 10 times -LRB- put my bike on and off -RRB- , and the rubberized coating that is on the arms is splitting/coming off . I saw another reviewer mention this . Not a real big deal , I 'll probably just wrap it in electrical tape of something to prevent it from coming off anymore.Other than that , this thing is awesome ! I have it in my office at home , and it does a good job at keeping the bike up and out of the way .
 Item arrived on time . . Great bike rack ! Holds 2 different kind of bikes with no problem . Would purchase this product again .
 It does what it 's supposed to - holds two of our bikes off the ground since we have limited space . The installation was odd because the product does not mount straight in order to get the top level , but we have had it for a while now and it is still sturdy .
 Holds up my light road bike in my apartment . Make sure to use very strong wall anchors if you are looking to install near a location where studs are hard to find . Additionally , I found that the screws provided were not adequate for most spots . While , for me the product operates as described , I would be nervous is my bike weighed over 15 lbs .
 This bike rack holds my bike , as well as my helmet and hydration pack , off the ground . Now I 've got more room in my apartment . I made sure to mount it in a stud , because I would n't trust drywall anchors for something like this .
 Nice compact design , folds up fairly tight against the wall . I used it on a cinderblock and had a little trouble getting the anchors to hold as there 's a considerable amount of force pulling out on the top screw ... ended up supergluing the anchor and that held pretty well . Should do a lot better on a wooden or drywall with wood studs . Not sure if using it on a metal stud wall would work or not - I 'd tend to say no unless you can get to the metal stud to through in a wood brace .
 -LSB- See my pictures posted on amazon -RSB- This bike rack is definitely a solid buy for the price . The rack holds my 2012 Kona Jake very well . The only downside is that the bike is a short distance from the wall , but enough to cause the front wheel to be able to swivel around in a way that makes either the handlebar or wheel make contact with the wall before it settles . I do n't want tire marks all over my wall , so I lean the handlebar against the wall and all is good . The alternative was to put some type of temporary wallpaper on the area that the wheel touches the wall , but I did n't want to go through the hassle.For 10 bucks , this rack is a solid way to keep your bike up on the wall in this configuration . If I leave my garage open , I can even lock my bike to this rack for added security -LRB- definitely not completely secure , but I 'm in a good neighborhood , so it 's really a non-issue -RRB- . I leave my helmet on top of the rack too , so it 's nice as extra shelf space.If you have a heavy bike , like > 35 lbs , I would stray away from this rack and find something a little more sturdier . If you have a < 30 lbs bike , this is definitely good enough to hold it up along with any extra gear on the shelf .
 Used this product to hang two adult bikes horizontally on garage wall . Used 3 long wood screws into stud to mount the holder on finished garage wall . shelf worked well for two helmets . Got the bikes off the ground and was able to pull another car into the gargage . Would recommend .
 Easy to install , just two screws -LRB- must hit a stud -RRB- . Got two of my bikes off the floor so I could store two more underneath them . Excellent space saver .
 Racor Pro Single Folding Bike Rack #PSB -1 RExactly as advertised . Great wall rack . Perfect for most types of bikes , but I would n't take my chances on a really heavy bike since their is no reinforcement arm ... just the two screws that hold the bracket to the wall . Perfect for lighter bikes , and kids bikes . I also like the ability to fold up out of the way when not in use .
 Great item for anyone with bicycles who want themout of the way but instantly at hand.Great space saver , easy to install and a fantasticprice !
 This rack works well for two bikes . The included mounting screws suck however , use better ones .
 The Racor Single rack works exactly as advertised . It is simple to install and helps protect your bike and vehicles . The holding hooks are coated with rubber to prevent scratches . The flat area is large enough to store your shoes or helmet . When not in use you simply fold it flat against the wall.If you are looking for an inexpensive way to reduce clutter and protect your bike , look no further !
 I actually own 2 of these . While they are a tad difficult to put up based upon where the 3 screw holes are , once they are in place they are perfect . I can easily put 2 mountain bikes on these , and also use the shelf up top to hold supplies . It holds well on the wall , and with 2 MTBs -LRB- which are much heavier than road bikes -RRB- , it does n't flex at all ! It is made of very strong steal , that is nicely coated with no slip rubber . For maximum strength , i recommend that it is mounted into a stud . It does come with long screws for mounting , but no sheet rock anchors if you do n't have a stud to mount it in , which is really only recommended for lighter bikes or using as a single bike mount . Another excellent product from the Racor line of products , which i own 5 of at this time for various storage .
 The best method to store bikes with no floor footprint I could find . I bought 3 of them to hold up 6 bikes . The only flaw is that there could be a little more space between bikes .
 I ordered 2 bike racks at 4pm while trying to organize my garage . The next day at 10am they arrived and allowed me to finish my task without delay . The racks were easy to install and work great . The brace for the support arms keeps them from sagging down like the last bike rack I bought .
 holds my bikes just the right distance from the wall . sturdy construction . flips down flat against the wall if you need the space . Of course make sure you nail it into a stud .
 As another reviewer stated , two mountain bikes wo n't fit . It works fine with one however . I gained a little space in the garage with this bike rack !
 If you have a drywall and a high ceiling this bike rack is easy to install and sturdy enough to hold one mountain and one road bike .
 Have three of these holding bikes up in the garage . Have worked out well for us . Screws were a little tricky to get in all the way -- got hard to drive and the heads began to strip -- but it worked out . At first they appear to bend too much . Made me nervous the bikes would fall on the car . Monitored them for a few days and all was good . Since then have taken the bikes on and off regularly in the warm months and all remains good .
 Not much to say , but it does what it is supposed to . Once you mount it into a stud it may not look strong , but I do n't think it will fail . I added some small washers to the hardware just for perhaps some added support . It holds my heavy downhill bike with no problem , and it holds it high on my ceiling . Get this to organize your garage or put the bike out of the way in your apartment without spending $ 100 .
 Great bike rack . Fits two mt. bikes just fine side by side ... and easy to install .
 My husband and I both have bikes and were looking for an easy way to store them on our back porch . My husband found this one and we have been happy with it . The bikes are easy to get on and off , and the rack keeps the bike up off the porch.Only down side is the protective coating cracked and fell off within a few days . I do n't think this hurts the bikes ; I just did n't know why it was n't made stronger.Overall , happy with this purchase .
 This is a very simple product , just a metal rack to support your bike so there 's nothing cutting edge about it . However , the finish is nice and it does fold in easily as stated . The fold-up is nice since you wont inadvertently wack your head against it when unloaded . My road bike is only 20 pounds so not that heavy , though I do n't see issues if you put something very heavy as long as you are screwing into something solid such as a structural piece of wood rather than decorative boarding . Overall I 'm satisfied as the price was right . Would buy again .
 We are very happy with the two racks we received . They are exactly as described .
 It turned out to be a little small for to mountain bikes but it still fits and that priced I ended up saving about $ 12 compared to retail value . It tightly handles two big mountain bikes .
 The folding bike rack arrived very quickly . I Took it to the garage , found a stud and installed it w/out issue . The Racor Pro Double Folding bike rack looks nice and holds 2 bicycles nicely . I liked it so much I ordered a second .
 Very easy to install . Inexpensive update to freshen a bathroom . I especially like the chrome hinges . I did think that it should be cheaper though , but maybe I 'm just cheap .
 This is a beautiful toilet seat ... it 's got a really great finish on it - I ca n't imagine that it would ever get those little chips in the finish . For years , I thought there could n't be that much difference between a $ 20 seat and a $ 35 seat . Then I also got tired of the `` easy to clean '' -LRB- not easy -RRB- hinges on the cheaper seats . Got this one with the chrome hinges -LRB- with no hidden crevices -RRB- and it 's much easier to clean . Also , got tired of replacing toilet seats every 5 or 10 years . Really recommend this seat .
 I have bought cheaper toilet seats from the box stores but none of them were as nice as this . The Kohler name really does make superior items . Hopefully the enamel on them will not bubble with time and cleaning since that seems to be my main problem . Thank you Kohler .
 When the cheap plastic hinges on my older toilet seat broke , I came across this high quality Kohler seat while browsing Amazon and thought the steel hinges were a brilliant idea . A product is only as strong as it 's weakest point and those old plastic hinges were just that . Not only are the hinges strong on this new seat , but they are also beautiful . The shiny nickel plating looks great and is also so much easier to clean around than the old style plastic hinges that had the covers that closed over the plastic bolts.The seat itself is very solid and well made with wood and resin and the enamel paint is very shiny and smooth . I can see this seat lasting for many years to come . They say , `` You get what you pay for , '' and that is SO true in this case . This seat is far superior than anything you could get in a home improvement box store . The Kohler name alone sold me on this product and it was worth every penny and more.KOHLER K-4726-T-0 Triko Molded Toilet Seat , White
 Update
 We recived this item in 1 day which is a record for shipping time from Amazon . Product was just as shown on Amazon and easy to install . You wo n't regret buying this toliet seat . Great price as it sells for twice this amount at other retailers .
 The curved spout really helped in a sink that was n't really all that deep . Installed easily and has worked fine since .
 These knobs are great . They are of very high quality and look more realistic than anything else out there . Easy to install and use . I have had no problems . The customer service was wonderful too , during shipping one of the knobs was damaged and they sent a new one out immediately . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This was an exact match for the roller I was replacing so I did not have to drill more holes in my door .
 This was a great product at a good price . We used them to make `` Gospel Fuzzy '' gloves for our children . They have held up well over time .
 The Danner pump came very quick and it works great.I used it in a small tub and ran a hose through the bottom of aconcrete pot , then filled the pot with river stone to make an overflowing bubble fountain pot in a bed of riverstone .
 Upgraded water fountain using this one as an external pump - works fantastic ! Plenty of power , whisper quiet , long power cord . Solid buildMakes fountain maintenance -LRB- have multi level fountain with originally submerged pump at lowest level -RRB- now a real pleasure - just pull hose from pump and let drain into garden . Ca n't get any easier.Be aware this pump comes with no fittings , so you will need to plan trip to a hardware store . Both ends threaded -LRB- male & female -RRB- , so very easy . Buy 2 fittings , 2 hose clams , attach hoses and you 're done . Used Epoxy to seal entry/exit point to/from fountain . Works flawless overall .
 I did n't get a Danner Larger Utility Pump that was pictured . I got a MD2 , which is just as good and a direct replacement . It would have been a bonus to get the actual product pictured.The MD2 is powerful and quiet . My first one lasted 3-4 years before it died from poor maintenance on my part . Never run any pump with restrictive plumbing , like clogged filters.I 'm sure this unit will run 4 + years .
 Surface rust and strip easy but otherwise good for the price . Seller stood behind product and sent me replacements for the two stripped sockets -LRB- from metric and SAE sets I bought -RRB- . Just treat them w / care and spray some boesheild or other light oil to prevent surface rust .
 Maybe most 3/8 '' & 1/2 '' 110v drills use the same chuck geometry - ths fits my McGraw-Edison Shopmate 1/2 '' drill perfectly .
 I 'm a novice woodworker , and stumbled across this table while in the process of trying to build one myself . My Craftsman router bolted right up to it with no adapter needed -- a nice surprise ! I wish the fence included was n't plastic , but it works alright . It is split down the center and adjustable to accomodate a wide variety of router bits , which is a nice feature . The dust port is ready to accept a 4 '' hose from a shop vac and works beautifully ! The 3/4 '' miter slot -LRB- which also runs through the table extensions -RRB- is great for mounting a feather board . Overall , I really like this table .
 My builder forgot to plan a space for a towel bar in a very large bathroom . This fits well on the one foot wide wall outside the walk-in shower . This device looks nice but is decor neutral . It does not have a tendency to drop the towel like a simple hook , and does not require threading it through like a closed ring . It allows a little spread for drying . The only con is the price .
 Easy to install in standard ceiling light box . Glass cover is a frosted white color ; nice if you do n't want an off-color light . Three bulbs provide more than enough light . Curvature of the cover limits the bulb size - larger spiral fluorescent lamps wo n't fit .
 Its a great switch and its was more than I expected . The switch has a cut off handle that the one I was replacing did n't have . Fortunately it fit and solved my problem .
 This chuck key is the creme de la creme amongst key chucks . I honestly do n't know what I 'd do without it . Will be sure to order this one again , when my husband loses this one .
 The light bulb is exactly as described . I received it before the due date which was nice . It fits perfectly in my lamp that had required this special kind of light bulb , -LRB- which I had also bought from Amazon by Target -RRB- . It 's bright as suspected with a 60Watt . And it 's lasting me a long time . I 'd order again from visiondecor : -RRB-
 Not only did Visiondecor ship this product to us quickly , but when I needed to return it , -LRB- through no fault of visiondecor , I simply ordered the wrong bulb for our lamp -RRB- , they were very quick to respond to my requests and they were very helpful . Wonderful and efficient customer service . I will certainly order from them again !!
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 We have two Kohler `` revival '' toilets in our house that were installed when the house was new in 2000 . Over the years the underside of the toilet seat started to get discolored -LRB- perhaps from the use of cleaners -RRB- to the point it looked really unsightly . The hinges also started to corrode and the chrome plating was chipping away.This type of toilet seat is heavy and not your typical plastic injection molded seat that you 'd find on many other toilets . We have several other Kohler toilets in the smaller bedrooms that have the plastic . This seat is like a solid wood or heavy composite material -LRB- I think -RRB- . So the coating on the seat is just that - a coating . It wo n't be as easy to clean and wo n't stand the test of time against abrasive cleaners . However , it is more sturdy in its design and weight , so it 's a toss up.In any case , we had to have a replacement for our Revival seat and were glad to find Amazon selling them , although the price is steep . But the rest of the toilet assembly is actually very pricey , so I guess 20 % of the total toilet cost is the seat ... Anyway , we wanted things to match and of course they did . I took off the old worn seat and replaced them with this brand new one.We try to limit our use of abrasive cleaners around the hinges because of the chrome plating . The seat also shifts from time to time and you have to fasten the bolts a little tighter . I think that 's just the way it is because of it 's weight and how it sits on the bowl . Overall , we are pleased with it and just happy we could find the proper replacement . If we can get another 12 years out of this one , it 's an investment worth making .
 I bought this to replace the cheap plastic seat that came with a new toilet . This seat is solid and heavy and looks much better than the one it replaced . The price seems high , but it makes the entire toilet look higher end than it is . Probably not the best choice if you have kids who may tend to drop the lid or seat . There is no slow close feature , so if you drop the lid or seat , it will come down hard .
 How often do you get to review a Toilet Seat !? After trudging through various stores and finding only flimsy , unsubstantial seats , I found this one on Amazon . More expensive ? Yes . But , how often will you be using it ? At least once or twice a day , I hope ! This is a good product . Sturdy . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is the dummy knob so it does n't do anything but look good . I needed this to match the same functional knob that I got on my double french doors . My local Lowes had the functional knobs but nobody stocked the dummy knob . Luckily Amazon had it . Matches the one from Lowes perfect and completed my set .
 Works as expected ... good price , fast shipping , easy install . Used on my bedroom doors . Required a little trial & error to get a tight fit .
 We have a door to the basement that opens into the stairwell . This leaves the knob about a foot too high for our child to reach . I installed this knob handle with a short loop of ribbon . Now our child can easily open the door . It does n't come with the ribbon , so be prepared to add one yourself.Installing it was very easy . Just a philips screwdriver . The instruction diagram is n't entirely clear on where to install the foam strip . It does inside the lip edge of the ring . This lets the ring grip the back side of the doorknob . Other than that it was a breeze to install .
 Doorknob extender greatly eased turning for the manually limited user for whom I installed two kits on two doors -LRB- one exterior and one interior -RRB- a month ago . The only reasons for 4 stars are the plastic material , which can break if the screws and nuts are tightened too much , and the possible slipping of the installed extender when turned too hard . The supplied , adhesive-backed , foam rubber strips that form a gasket between knob and extender did not provide enough friction . I plan to use a strong , elastic adhesive on the knob in future reinstallation . Nevertheless , the short term work-around is simply to turn the extender back to its original angle . If user can limit the force applied , then it serves well as-is . In this case , the user loved the installations on both doors . This delivers good value in the low price range .
 This handle is working out great for me . Easy to install and can be removed if I move . Only problem I have with it is it 's quite ugly .
 I felt this was a good price for this replacement motor and fan . Service was excellent ! The only thing I would suggest for those installing this fan motor is the addition of rubber washers at the mounting bolts . I felt mine was a little too noisy due to possible imbalance of the fan . I reinstalled using rubber washers and that made a significant difference .
 The item was as described and was shipped in a reasonable amount of time . Replaced my old , worn out fan motor and is working great .
 Needed this fan motor replacement for a 12 year old exhaust , and could not find it atHome Depot , or Ace . Amazon had exact fan I needed , and it was veryaffordable , and easy to install . Thanks .
 We had a fan that was going bad . We were going to buy the whole thing , until I saw this motor . Highly recommend this . Took my hubby 5 mins to put in and the fan was working perfect again !
 Easy replacement for fan that was in ~ 25 year old house . Not a strong fan , but it was a good replacement
 The product description here did not include my model , the Nautilus 678 , but the box showed it was supported . It was an easy process to replace my old broken fan even though it was my first time doing so . I 've just installed it tonight , so I ca n't speak regarding its durability but I have no problems so far so I feel it deserves 5 stars .
 Although the description does not mention compatibility with our fan , the replacement motor/fan fit the mounting plate of our old Nutone-Broan Model 692n without any modification . Installation took 5 minutes , including clean-up . Highly recommended as a quick fix for exhausting the air from our store 's public restroom . Excellent shipping service by Deerso/Amazon , with fast delivery , quality packaging , and detailed instructions .
 If you have an existing Broan 662 bathroom fan that needs replaced , this is by far that cheapest and easiest fix . Took me 15 minutes to replace the fan once I figured out that the housing is two pieces of metal that just pry apart after removing the screw . Do n't buy a whole new fan kit . Use this replacement part and save yourself the a lot of time and money .
 Absolutely excellent transaction ... direct replacement , great price and the product was shipped the same day I ordered it . I received the fan the next day and installed it in 10 minutes .
 I bought this replacement motor for a Nautilis N678-C and it works great ... very low sound , only took about 10 minutes to install . Great purchase , and much cheaper than buying an entire new unit .
 The box included the fan motor and blade . I was able to remove the old fan from the bracket and assemble the new one to the existing bracket with no issues . I have n't installed the bracket into the fan housing yet -LRB- this is for our cabin -RRB- but I do n't expect any issues and this should return the fan back to full functionality . This is a much cheaper option than buying a completely new fan .
 This was an exact replacement for a noisy fan in the elevator at church . I had to swap the impellers with the old one , so the assembly would fir in the housing . This was an easy replacement .
 Used this to replace my ancient dead bathroom fan motor and blade . Fit in perfectly , works great . Bought about 2 years ago and still running good!Just make sure it fits your fan and you should be all set .
 this is all you need to fix the exhaust fan . It take 15 minutes to replace this part instead to buy the whole unit and take longer time to replace
 v v v v v v vav v fv av ve v v ev ev v r v v v rv v v v v v v v v v r vrf
 We just installed this item . It works great . Only the sound a little bit louder than original one . Overall we think this item is great .
 It was effortless to installed this item . It worked without a glitch and I am satisfied with this product and vendor .
 I bought this fan because I did n't want to go through the trouble of replacing the entire fan unit as well as the ducting . Most of the quieter fans require bigger ducting . The fan now works great . No more jet engine like sounds when I turn on the fan . It is n't the quietest fan in the world -LRB- 3 sones -RRB- but is a great deal better then it was before . The process took me all of five minutes to get the old fan out of the housing and place the new fan in . Ca n't beat this product for convenience and price .
 Easy installation . Could n't believe I found a replacement motor for my 30 + year old bathroom fan.It saved me from having to replace the entire fan , which I had originally planned on doing , but the cut out of the ceiling was larger than the new fan . Finding this motor saved me from the additional expense.Now my fan works , and I 'm happy !
 I took a chance not really knowing if this unit would fit/adapt to my old -LRB- 1976 -RRB- Nutone exhaust unit -LRB- 696-B -RRB- . It took about 5 minutes to remove my old motor / fan and install this unit . It works great ! What a bargain !
 Purchased and installed two of these in my 30 year old home . Old Broan motor/wheel units sounded like a meat grinders . After lots of research on the internet to make sure I had identified replacement units that would be compatible with the celing vent boxes , proceeded with the purchase and installation . Piece of cake . At this bargin price , did not expect to find plug-in replacement units that function in an acceptable sone range . Highly recommend this great value as a replacement unit.Thanks , Snobird
 This unit was an exact replacement for the worn out blowers in the bathrooms of our 22 year old house . I really did n't expect to find repair parts for such an old unit but these work perfectly and were easily installed and very inexpensive . We replaced 4 blowers for less than the cost of just one new bathroom fan . While we were at it we also replaced the grills and now everything is as good as new . These units are relatively quite and move plenty of air .
 Even though the model is not listed in the documentation , I easily installed this fan in my 22 year old Broan model 655-A in minutes.I was initially concerned because the original fan motor had a 1.25 '' shaft and this one has a 1.5 '' shaft . But it did fit with room to spare.And it 's nice and quiet . Not silent - but a lot quieter than the vibrating fan that it replaced .
 This vendor not only had a fair price on the product , their description was right on and the product shipped very quickly . This part has lots of internet chatter about incompatibility issues , but we received exactly what was advertised and had no problems . Great job !
 As listed , this was the exact replacement part manufactured by Broan . It arrived in the mail within 4 days and took no more then 10 minutes to install . I did have to convince myself that the new wheel had to be forced into the axle rather than just sliding on .
 What can you say about a fan motor ? This one works great replacing a 24 year-old FM that never worked .
 I installed this into a Nautilis N678-C . It took about 15 minutes . The motor has been in for a over a week and is working great . The sound level is low .
 I received this product three days after I ordered . It came in a package with clear instructions on how to set it up . It took me less than five minutes to follow directions . Once installed , it works better than the original one . I tried several times since then and it just works great . It has enough power to make sure the moisture gets out . I installed in an old model Broan 633 which was in the house when we bought it . Our bathroom is not very large and it does n't have windows . This helps a lot . I highly recommend this product to . I am really glad I ordered it . As far as I noise goes , it has a regular level fan . Not different that what I have heard in other houses . It is not superquite though . If you are looking for a superquite one you may have to another model .
 Had no problems installing this replacement motor and fan combo in my unit . The entire job took less than 15 minutes . There does n't seem to be much difference between the old motor and this new one . Performance is as expected . It runs like the old one before it died . Cheap and easy solution .
 I use these Broan motors to replace the failing non-Broan `` builders grade '' -LRB- garbage -RRB- motors that were/are installed throughout my five-year-old house . They are n't direct replacements , but with very minor modification I now have cost-effective replacement motors that are much quieter than the junk builders-grade motors they are replacing . Time will tell if the new motors last any longer than the originals , but given the short life of the originals , I would be amazed if not .10 / 18/10 edit
 As a contractor this was the easiest and cheapest way to upgrade their bath fan without climbing in the attic . I 've used these replacement motors for over 4 years and they are the easy answer for an old bath fan upgrage . Thanks .
 This replacement fan motor bolts right in and works like the original , and slapping it in is a lot easier than replacing the whole unit . If your original is making a ton of noise , this is a cheap/easy fix.Don ' t expect miracles -- it wo n't be as quiet as a good modern vent fan .
 Replacement fan motor -LRB- s -RRB- sold at - box stores do not fit vent fans older than 1995 . As usual though a Ace hardware had instock & ready for shipment . $ 20 less than the orange giant I might add.Very easy to install , done in less than 10 minutes . Instructions are very clear & easy to understand.Much less noise than orginal 1987 model I replaced.Very happy I did n't replace entire fan unit , which would have taken a long time with sheet rock repairs to the ceiling.Wanted to order a second unit in-case another fan in the house died . Wife said `` just more stuff to sit around '' , so it did n't happen .
 This motor/wheel is not an exact replacement for Nutone fan/light model 668N . I later found out that the part number 53709000 is correct . I do n't know if there is a Broan number for it or not . I was able to make the Broan BP27 work for my 668N but it was a pain . Verify the correct replacement part with Nutone rather than trusting a Google search .
 fan arrived on time and is working great . Perfect fit and substitute ... runs dailyI would use this vendor again.It was undamaged .
 This pump works great for my 700 gallon pond with stream and waterfall . I removed the filter screen and used a 1.25 '' sump hose to connect it to a larger filter . At this price I 'd be happy if it only lasted a couple of years . My last Sunterra pump was a 550gph in a smaller pond and it was still running after 6 years use , at which point I sold the property .
 Bought the Sunterra Pump for my pond about a month ago . It is doing its job as advertised . Will have to see if it lasts longer than the previous pumps I have used .
 I have a small fish pond . With an adaptor , you can use the water from your pond for your flowers . Enough boost to have a small waterfall , too .
 I am not happy with the product which I received , because it was n't the right one as in the picture described when I placed the order .
 This is the second pump we purchased and both have worked perfectly 24/7 for years . We just turned it on and never turned it off . The internal filter needs to be cleaned if the pump slows down , otherwise there has been no problem at all . It uses about 75w power and I would buy the same unit again if ever needed .
 The 850 gph Sunterra pond pump worked exactly how I was toldit would work . Pumps up to the top of the waterfall and still plenty of power for the fountain in the middle . Very pleased .
 Pump works great . . incredible water movement and also very quiet . . no sound but water . My Koi are enjoying it very much and I am very happy with the price compared to other pumps we cconsidered for purchase .
 I have a large bio filter and the pond water looks quite clear , but the little pre filter on this pump clogs up each week.I can notice a definite water flow reduction every week , very noticeable.Then I have to unplug the pump , pull it out of the water and hose out that filter.Kind of bothersome to have to do it so often ... and it would probably burn the pump up if the water flow reduction is n't noticed in time.The other brands of pumps that I have had w / screens and pre filters only needed cleaned a couple times a year.So I guess I 'll have to look for one of those mesh bags that help catch some of the gunk ... before it gets into the pump filter ... If I only knew I would have stayed with the other brands & style .
 Purchased this pump a week ago to replace a smaller unit that had worked since ' 04 . I hope I get that number of years from this Sunterra . It took me longer to get into the ridiculous packaging that to set it up . After scissors , a utility knife and two lacerations on the plastic package , I finally opened it . Note that this is a 1 '' pump outlet . If you have 3/4 '' or 1/2 '' tubing , and you are not using a diverter , you will need an adaptor piece -LRB- I purchased this at Ace Hardware down the road -RRB- . And the removal of the outer filter housing is difficult the first time -LRB- the slotted plastic housing is soft and could easily crack . Take care when removing it for cleaning as well -RRB- . But once I attached it to the existing hose via the adapter and plugged it in , it is perfect for my small pond and 4 ' high waterfall . Like I said , I hope it lasts as long as the previous unit .
 I bought this Sunterra pump for two reasons
 I am using this pump for my prospecting equipment . I was pleasantly surprised at its ability to recirculate the water from my settling pond , and back thru the highbanker . Very Happy with this product and looking to purchase a larger flow rate device .
 I bought this to complement the Bio Filter -LRB- also by Sunterra -RRB- and it works great for moving and filtering water between my two ponds the waterfall has never run so strong . It also has a nice little filter inside the case to trap dirt and scum . I 've used a lot of pumps over the years and this is a nice to have as the dirt and scum tends to wear out the pumps pretty quickly .
 good quality product the only issue i had with it was the fact that i didnt notice the fact that this sheet of plastic as 12 inches by 300 feet . I used it for a different part of the haunted house .
 This is an excellent boot knife . It 's light weight , and has a soft easy grip handle .
 These work great , stick beautifully and look so pretty . My daughter loves them in her room . They peel right off and leave no marks.I am extremely satisfied .
 our grandaughter thinks these are cool - and she does n't get in trouble for sticking them around the house .
 This was a ten minute , remove a few screws , plug -LRB- not wire -RRB- the new unit into the housing , replace the screws and good as new , easy fix . Screwdriver and stepstool were only tools required .
 Replaced a basement exhaust fan with this unit . It 's been running nearly 24/7 for 4 months without any issues . A bit on the loud side , but also more powerful than the unit it replaced .
 I NEEDED TO RETROFIT THIS ITEM TO WORK AS A REPLACEMENT FOR A NUTONE BATH FAN THAT MOVES 100CFM . WAS ABLE TO OVERCOME THE SLIGHT DIFFERENCE IN SHAFT SIZE WITH A WIRE TY . SEEMS TO WORK GOOD AND IS ACTUALLY QUIETER THAN THE ORIGINAL ONE . ONLY TIME WILL TELL .
 Was pleased with this purchase , very simple installation and works quite well . Will order through this company again if needed .
 Try out the replacement fan before you change the entire unit . I purchased a full kit not knowing that they do sell these parts which is amazing . replacement was under 10 minutes .
 If your old fan begins to start making irritating sounds -LRB- beyond it 's usual loud whir -RRB- do n't do what I did and wait to see if it will `` fix '' itself . Just order this part and restore your bathroom sanity . It takes all of 5 minutes to remove & replace this unit . It was so simple I wish I had done it sooner .
 Just replaced the vent fan and motor in a roughly 28 year old Nautilus fan/light/heater -LRB- model N655 -RRB- . It was very easy once I found the screw that holds the fan mounting bracket/plate in place . I was at a loss until I carefully vacuumed the interior of the unit and found a single screw very near to the long bolt that holds the light and decorative grill in place . It was the same color as the mounting bracket/plate . Once I removed the screw the bracket dropped down easily -LRB- Be prepared ! -RRB- . Works great now .
 It works . It was easy to install and saved me from having to tear out an old model that is no longer made anymore . Thanks !
 I installed the original Broan model 679 fan/light combination in my bathroom about 20 years ago . The last few years , the fan has been getting noisier and noisier . I finally figured out that you could install a fan replacement without removing the fan housing , which would require tearing the ceiling out . This unit took me 15 minutes to install . It 's quiet and as powerful as the original . The fan housing comes out with the removal of a single screw , which is located between the plugs for the fan and light . After that , the installation is a no-brainer . Amazon also had the cheapest prices for the fan replacement . If you have a noisy fan , do n't wait any longer . It 's easy .
 The quickest and cheapest way to `` fix '' a fan that does n't move the air anymore . Not quiet but not bad either .
 replaced a fan that stopped working . took about 30 minutes to do . has been working fine -LRB- 7 months now -RRB- . noise is about the same as old unit -LRB- the standard 50cfm model -RRB- . ca n't tell if actually moves more air
 Exact replacement motor and fan wheel . Easy install . A little loud , but the old one was also loud . The air draw is much better though .
 It was promptly sent and a cinch to install . It may also work better than the original . I 'm 100 % satisfied .
 I did not actually buy this - but I wish that I had.Instead , I bought the new fan , housing and mount kit from Nutone . Perhaps the new kit is a little more efficient , since it surrounds the fan with a shield which would force more air to be picked-up from underneath -LRB- as opposed to sucking some air from around the fan area -RRB- . BUT , the new full kit does not use the same screws as the original mount and was VERY difficult to put in while 13 feet off the ground working over my head.If I had just bought this little motor , removing the old assembly only required removing two long screws and the motor could have been added while the fan was on a table , and then easily replaced again . The new kit required mounting a somewhat flexible metal shield using two quarter inch screws that needed to be mounted into the roof of the fan assembly where they were VERY hard to reach and thread from underneath while the shield partially blocks your view . Then you must use three more quarter-inch screws to secure the fan assembly to the shield . The tabs on the shield where the screws must thread flexed around too easily and trying to line up the fan assembly holes to the shield holes was a Bi ... It took 20 minutes to get them aligned and secured - again - over my head 13 feet off the ground.Do yourself a favor and just buy this little motor/fan replacement instead .
 It is nice to find a replacement for the 30 year old bathroom fan motor which had burned out in my home . I really wish the manufacturer would provide better more detailed dimensions for their products . I was lucky to find this one which turned out to be an exact fit .
 Two screws and two 5/16 nuts to remove and replace the motor and fan . Put the nuts and screws back , plug it in and turn it on . Even I could do it !
 This fan bolts right in to a 20 year old fan/light . Easy to install . Yes I recommend to someone with average skills .
 I took a chance that this motor would fit my current NuTone 769 fan housing although the model was n't listed in the item description but it does fit . It is a little louder that the original motor , seems to hum louder for some reason but the fan wheel is quiet . The slightly louder hum probably puts it above the 3 somes advertised so I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars . Replacing the motor saved me a lot of work and about half the cost of replacing the entire unit .
 I use these fans to replace the std 50 CFM models in many homes . You do have to remove the screws and replace them through the frame to mount the motor , but easy to do and this fan is much more powerful than the 50 's and not much louder . The sones rating is actually less than some 50 CFM models .
 I was n't sure if this was going to fit or not because my fan/light fixture is a Sears brand . I did n't want to have to switch out the entire box so I took a chance that this one would fit and it did .
 I went to several brick and mortar stores looking for a sump pit cover and ordered another one on amazon and all where either disappointing in quality or overpriced . This cover was the right size , solid material and about $ 20 cheaper than anywhere else for a product of similar quality . Well worth the price , just make sure it is the size you want/need .
 This cover was just as described ... it is a sturdy cover , smooth on the top and some reinforcement on the bottom . It was a good fit and thick enough to stand on.It shipped promptly and is a good price for a quality lid .
 After cutting the hole out to the circumference this cover fulfilled the need . Comparing it to the cost of acrylic or lexan , it adequately does the job without the desired outcome of being able to easily view down in the basin . As usual it shipped promptly .
 Nice heavy cover . Fits basin well . Had to modify , cut slot , but was no problem . I would buy this product again .
 I used this in a non-traditional use ... to fair a fiberglass boat bottom . Worked great to show high and low spots . Also comes off OK with acetone .
 I started using Elmer 's E861 Wood Filler on oak projects years ago and it remains my favorite . It fills and works works well , sands quickly , matches the wood color you buy and takes stain very well .
 Cuts through stainless like a hot knife through butter . Run it slow -LRB- rpm -RRB- and use good/decent cooling and you 'll have zero issues .
 Our faucets are 13 years old . Was worried about finding replacement parts . Was happy to get these at a great price and good delivery time . Product is as advertised .
 The batteries were as expected and the charger that I bought with them . They charged right away and fit my old dust buster and B/D scrub brush .
 I have been using the products for several years and these batteries hold up very well . Especially since the handle Emergency lights , a drill , a dust buster a good deal for the money and my old batteries have lasted about 2 years and out of 6 I have only lost one that would not recharge . 5 are still going strong . These new ones are extras just in case .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS IN NEW CONDITION AND CHARGED TO THE MAXIMUM AND WORKS EXCELLENT . I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN .
 Although I purchased it to cut aluminum I was wondering how good a job it would do with hardwood mouldings and even pressure-treatd lumber . The product description does not mention it but in my head I thought it should do well with them . I ca n't say that I 've cut a `` ton '' with it but with what I have it has done an excellent job . It is a high quality blade and cuts very cleanly .
 Put this blade on a good miter saw and you can shave the hair off a tic 's back and not cut them . No sharp edges when you cut with this joy and the price was great !
 I hesitated to purchase this hook based on the picture , as the finish looks much lighter than the oil rubbed bronze fixtures already installed in our bath , but I took a chance . I 'm glad I did - the finish is actually a richer color than that pictured and the hook is quite hefty . It 's described as a robe hook , but we use it as a towel hook just outside our shower door on a spot on the wall where a towel bar or ring would n't fit . It looks beautiful and takes up little space in the process .
 Many of the hand showers that I looked at were huge ! They looked like the hand-held showers that you typically would install as a replacement shower head . I did n't want anything like that . I wanted something on the smaller side to use to wash out my twin toddlers ' hair and rinse the tub after bathing , similar to what you might see on a kitchen sink . I can imagine a big honking hand shower getting in the way , falling off it 's little holder stand , and being more of a nuisance than anything else.Most of the other hand showers have manual diverters so you have to pull the lever or however you would typically turn off the tub spout and turn on the shower head . This one is a push-button , making like a little easier when you 're also convincing two > 2 yr olds that sitting down in the tub is best . The smaller overall size of the hand shower , though larger than a kitchen sink sprayer , and the push-button feature are the two main reasons I chose Danze over Moen . I love that the finish does n't have the yellow undertones of the Moen , which probably is n't noticeable unless held side by side.I 'm very happy with my selection !
 As far as aesthetics go , it looks good . The concept is great . It just feels cheap compared to their other fixtures.I am not sure if all of the finishes are all like this or its just the chrome one but I purchased this because the one that came with the danze opulence roman tub faucet fixtures broke . The other fixtures , the handles and faucet are a heavy , weighty metal . They are made to last , excellent quality . I do n't know why they dropped the ball with the sprayer . Compared to the faucets , to me , this feels light and cheap.When the plumber tried to install it , when he tightened it , the inner plastic part broke so I had to buy a replacement . I only needed the sprayer but they do n't sell it by itself , had to get this kit with the other parts I do n't need.Maybe they did it this way because they wanted it light since you are carrying it in your hand . I just wish the plastic parts were a little tougher .
 I really like the feel and heft of this sprayer . It is decorative and adds a lot of character to the tub .
 this item was price great and shipped very quick customer was very happy with this paritcular purchase thanks for having it !!
 Worked out fine on my roof . Not to many ways to mess this up I guess !
 I picked this to replaced another brand charger that had gotten wet and shorted out when the enclosure it was in developed a leak . I chose this charger because the manufacture 's website says '' ... terminals have been moved to the bottom of the unit for added protection against direct rain . '' I understood this to mean that the unit was weather-tight , and could be out in the rain . Not true . The instructions with the charger specify mounting it someplace protected from the weather . Sigh ... I built a box for it to protect it from the rain and it seems to work great . I only wish someone made a water-tight unit I can just mount outside !
 Used it for about 2 months now . Use it to keep away animals out of the vegetable garden . Did n't want to mess with weaker chargers so I got this charger for medium size garden and it does an excellent job keeping animals away . More powerful than I need but just what I needed to ensure some of the weeds do n't short the fence . 3 lights show how much energy is going through the wires which is convenient . The charger also clicks when it discharges to the line . It 's not very loud but noticeable . Recommended product .
 i already had one but needed another . they work well although i didnt go very far with the fencing . they keep all the deer & small animas out of my gardens . so far trouble free . im happy with them & would recommend them
 Sung to the theme song from Mister Ed : `` A hose is a hose , it sucks it blows '' ... Actually this is a well made -LRB- and made in America for a change even as P/C makes more and more of their items overseas - hello -LSB- local store -RSB- ? -RRB- rubber hose with decent flexability , nice brass fittings and ferrules BUT it 's missing the black strain reliefs as shown in the above Amazon picture , I guess somebody at P/C read their accountant 's memo . Should hold up as well as the equivalent grade Goodyear hose . Who knows , perhaps even made by them ? Shipping speed from order to delivery was reasonable , less than two weeks . It 's a good buy at a good price , but it 's a `` teaser '' with the free shipping as you 'll have to find something else to tip the -LSB- money amount -RSB- scale and Amazon has discontinued many of the small inexpensive things - such as Milton Kwik-Change couplers and plugs . Clever . So buy yourself a good book on constuction techniques along with it , or better yet a good book on jokes so the next time somebody uses a nailgun to sink a 16d nail into their foot on the jobsite you 'll have something clever to say to lighten up the situation besides `` Did you square that shoe before nailing '' ?
 What can you say , it has n't failed yet ... . should last a long time .
 Nice hose . Very good stress relief covers at fittings . Outside cover holds up well in abrasive conditions -LRB- i.e. rubbing on the edge of roofs & shingles -RRB- . What more can you say about a hose ... it does the job . PS I do like the red color , it makes it easier to grab at the end of the day -LRB- everyone I know has yellow or blue lines -RRB-
 I bought this product about a year ago , and have used it numerous times when I worked on my truck , or for construction . I 've never had any issues with the hose . It 's durable , flexible , and has quality brass fittings which easily accept different sized air fittings . would definitely purchase again
 I had previous problems with the threaded connections on a yellow 50 foot GoodYear hose I purchased at Amazon , so I returned it and bought this one to replace it . And so far , this hose is working great . It lays flat in cold weather and all of my fittings will actually screw on all the way .
 This is a quality hose ... I have only had it for 2 months so check back for an update
 Always go rubber . Soft rubber easy to sling around . Not stiff . Well worth the money . Have had it for about six years .
 This was a great buy but I 'll know more about it after we get into the depths of winter and the cold Nebraska temps . This hose appears to be pliable enough at this time to be workable in the cold temps though .
 I had bought an air hose at a local -LRB- mega -RRB- hardware store and it not only looked cheap but felt like rigid plastic . I saw this hose on Amazon.com and since my compressor was Porter Cable as well , figured I 'd return the other and purchase this one -LRB- actually $ 5 cheaper even with shipping -RRB- . I 'm not disappointed . It 's made of a softer rubber , feels heavy duty , and comes with the Porter Cable name . What more could I ask for .
 These catches worked perfect . I changed the entire house to satin nickel finishes , and these catches do not cause a visual conflict like gold catches . Also , Amazon was the only resource I found for these catches , as they are not available in big box stores in this finish .
 I have dry eyes and use a number of `` climate control '' glasses . Wiley-X is the value leader . Brick model is the largest , and fits me well . Highly recommended .
 I purchased these glasses in Feb 2011 for riding my Harley . Great glasses they really keep the wind and dust out of your eyes while riding with an open face helmet.I consider these glasses a very good buy . Well at least for myself .
 My home inspector and electrician both said I needed to replace my closet light with an enclosed fixture to meet NEC code . I did n't want to bother installing a light switch because it is a 2x3ft closet so I had to find a pull chain fixture . The selection of pull chain light fixtures that meet the NEC code is very limited.Pros : -- Meets NEC code for closet light fixture -- Accepts standard type A bulb -LRB- gives you the flexibility of incandescent , cfl , led whatever floats your boat -RRB- -- Painless install according to my electricianCons : -- The quality of this fixture is minimal . The glass globe is thin walled and the pull chain pushes against the globe when you pull . The first one I ordered from amazon arrived shattered in a million pieces I am concerned that one day someone might pull the chain with too much force and shatter the globe . -- Significantly larger than other light fixture options . Eats up your closet space , if you have high ceilings this should n't matter . -- 60 watt maximum . For a small closet this is plenty of light.I am happy with my purchase . Given the limited selection I would purchase again.For my larger 3x5 closet , however , i will be purchasing a 2ft fluorescent tube fixture that can output higher lumens more evenly .
 Bought 2 of these lamps for my bedroom and I love them . The shade is a bit of a darker shade of cream which I liked . The lamps are a dark bronze color , wouldnt say they are black though .
 I ordered a Victorinox Swiss Army Knive model `` My 1st Victorinox '' from Amazon . I received the knife well within the expected delivery time given by Amazon . It was packaged very well and had absolutely no delivery damage on either the item or the box . The knife was brand new in its original slide case and was shrinked wrapped . It was in perfect shape and still had the factory oil on the blade and attachements . I have been looking for this model for several months and have already ordered the `` Equestrian '' model from Victorinox as well from Amazon . I am very pleased with my order .
 I was nervous about giving my 7-year old grandson a knife for Christmas . I hung it on the tree like an ornament . He went crazy with joy !! I put duct tape on the blade because it 's still pretty sharp . But he feels so cool with his own pocketknife . He plays with it under supervision . I got myself a pink girlie one and we have a great time taking hikes and safely playing with our knives.The quality and condition of the knife was impeccable . Lasting memory for sure !
 I love having these things in my collection . I have used these rather lightly but they have n't let me down at all . Take a good look at these , they are long and slender , that is why the smaller ones will snap if they are subjected to a lot of torque . But that 's OK , buy shorter ones if you really need to crank on them and do n't need the distance . I bought these specifically because they were longer and my application required a longer torx driver impact socket . They worked splendidly then and continue to !
 I 've become a big fan of Neiko 's impact tools after using this line of products . The price is a bit high for torx sockets , but considering the strength and quality of the product , it 's a good deal . Other reviews were talking about snapping them ... . I 've put a fair bit of torque on my set with no issues at all , and I have a hard time imagining what it would take to round them off , let alone break them . I highly recommend them .
 Feels and looks as sturdy as the picture . Have n't used the sockets yet , but I 'm sure i 'll be very satisfied . Great assortment and impact made which is exactly what I was seeking out .
 My theme for my grandbaby 's room started with this wall paper . I looked for the coordinating crib bed set , but because of the total price , opted for the Silhouette Safari crib set found on Amazon . -LRB- a $ 100 less than the coordinating crib set -RRB- . Using additional ideas based upon drapes that I had from drapes stored 22 years ago , I created a room that allowed me to use the colors in that wallpaper that looks great .
 This is a beautiful border that goes on the wall in my baby 's room and it looks great and coordinates very well with all the Little One accessories .
 The product did n't get a five because I was n't surprised by the quality . Do n't get me wrong the product is fine and for the price it 's perfect . The quality is more than adequate for a kitchen drawer but if you are using it in an industrial assembly machine to cut corners and save on your budget it wo n't hold up . Perfect for residential home projects .
 I have kitchen cabinets made in late 50s & some of the roller catches no longer worked . I was afraid I would not be able to locate replacements but turned to Amazon & was so relieved to find them . They work great !
 My kitchen cabinets were built in 1962 and the door catches were all wearing out and failing to keep the doors closed . Ordered these and they arrived in a timely manner and were an exact match for replacing the worn out ones .
 These rollers worked great replacing my 50 year old rollers ! I could not find them at ANY local store . It was actually cheaper to order them online !
 Extremely high quality product . These suckers are very well made and heavy duty . Highly recommended .
 I have been using these at work for over five years and they are still perfect . We routinely torque into the 200 + ft-lb range and the sockets get both gun and wrench usage .
 I had never purchased the Neiko brand before , but have had good luck with this set and would recommend it . It 's been used regularly with my Snap On impact wrench and has held up well .
 These drivers are ideal for using them with my Milwaukee 26631/2 '' M18 ID ... They are made to withstand alot of abuse , especially for the price !!! I also own the SAE version , as well as the Torx version and the same can be said about them as far as the durabilty is concerned and the case is perfect for protection , as well as organization!I 've got the TRI-FECTA !
 As with the other Neiko tools in this line -LRB- SAE hex , and torx -RRB- , the metric sockets are a lifesaver . They 're extremely strong , I ca n't imagine ever breaking one , even with impact wrenches . The carrying case is sturdy . Highly recommended set of tools .
 I 've used Chromulux/Lumiram full spectrum light bulbs for years in fans and in various light fixtures , even before my recent purchase of them from Amazon . These tulip shaped bulbs are far superior to other light bulbs and seem to last forever . I am still using bulbs I purchased years ago , including ones in ceiling fans , where other brands failed rather quickly . My big worry has been that if their bulbs last so long how can they stay in business ?
 I build furniture out of aspen wood and these blades cut through the aspen like a sharp knife through butter . See -LSB- ... -RSB- for pictures of what these blades can build .
 I 've used this blade for general resawing with some pretty dense maple and big pieces of cherry . I 've got a 14 '' Grizzly bandsaw that is well-tuned . So far , so good with the blade . Smooth cuts , tracks well , does n't get bogged down with sawdust . I 'm very happy with the value .
 Great brush , cleans up well.An old painter trick `` put the brisles in a baggie '' this keeps them moist overnight without cleaning the brush each time , great for multiuple colors and different brushes .
 Great brush , great price , much better here than at big box stores.I used it to paint the old cement wall in a house that I 'm putting on the market . Covered all the rough spots quickly .
 Wooster makes some high quality brushes , but these are not their best quality brushes . I did n't expect these three-dollar brushes to match Wooster 's twenty-dollar brushes , but I was pleased with the quality of these bargain brushes . Unlike most bargain brushes , the bristles in these brushes are stiff and they have some spring . These brushes are fine for exterior painting , but I reach for something better when I am cutting-in interior paints . Handmade Purdy brushes make these brushes look coarse and cheap , but I can do a pretty paint job using these homely brushes .
 I have purchased 3 three strings of these lights to go across my patio . They look really nice . The only draw back to not giving them 5 stars , the individual lanterns are only 9 inches apart on the string . In order to properly fit my patio , I had to cut every light apart and add 3 inches to the interval . Why they put such nice lights in such close spacing ! They are really too large for the 9 inch interval and look much better with the 12 inch interval they now have in my home .
 Pulling radios from new cars is both easier and more difficult than in the past . If you have the right tools , it 's a piece of cake . Without those tools , you will mess it up in a very short time , no matter how many tools you have in your Craftsman toolbox . This set of radio pulling tools are the right tools . They pull the radios on the manufactures listed . It 's really as simple as that .
 The tool worked perfect and was able to replace the blown fuse inside radio.Thanks for fast delivery and service .
 If you are wondering -- the Grizzly `` IS NOT '' the same as the Harbor Freight trim router and the other cheap look alikes out there . This unit has very refined machining and construction on the same level with brand names costing over twice as much . Very nice -- you will not be disappointed .
 Appears to be a quality item . Installation is a snap if you have at least some minimum plumbing skills -- it does require cutting into your cold water feed . Tests indicate it will perform it 's intended function . Learned from conversation with vendor that it 's programmed to cycle one a month to exercise the valve . This is an important feature that is n't apparent from any of the literature that I 've read on it . Only question in my mind -LRB- came up after a long trip away -RRB- is , if a leak develops and the valve closes and remains closed for an extended time -LRB- as when you 're away for maybe a month -RRB- , and you have a gas fired HWH , what would happen as the burner continues to function during that period . Think that with a leak -LRB- the reason the system functioned -RRB- the tank would probably become empty . Do n't know how the burner valve would perform in that situation ; but , on balance that 's perhaps a bit far fetched .
 I 've read that there are actually more total dollar insurance claims for water damage than fire , and have seen 2 other folks that had a frozen pipe leak and a water heater leak , so this product can help a lot.I installed this device on my main water line to protect against whole-house plumbing leaks . This does require wiring up multiple sensors , and the downside here is running all the wiring , and the rather high cost of the individual sensors . As a result , I ` rolled my own ' out of some perf board and wire , that 's pretty effective.Just stringing together the sensors -LRB- factory or home-made -RRB- does have the problem of not knowing WHICH sensor has triggered -- I might put together some kind of switched control panel to better identify the zones when I get the time and ambition . Yeah , there are systems available with wireless sensors that will do this sort of thing , but at nowhere near this price . There 's also a device that senses continued water flow as a leak condition , but it 's WAY more expensive . I have an idea for a technique to do that and trigger this device , we 'll see if I ever get around to that.But for now , it does what it is designed to do and well .
 I have used this tool occasionally for about 7 years to reach `` high spots '' that can not be reached any other way.In fact , I just used it last week , and had no problems with the wing nut as mentioned by previous reviewers . However , it should be stated that I never adjust the wing-nut ... ever . I have always left it locked in one universal position -LRB- a 45 degree angle -RRB- , and only use it for ` reaching ' with an extension pole.One minor complaint I have found is that the brush is so difficult to push into the actual holder , that I am afraid I am going to break something -LRB- probably on me -RRB- . Do n't know if this is normal , but at least I never worry that the brush is going to fall out . I like the `` push-in , pull-out '' attachment for the brush , better than having to adjust any bolt to hold the brush . I will probably never use anything else as long as this keeps working like it does.I would recommend for the above specifications .
 I bought this tool to paint a tall stairway that I ca n't really reach without a ladder . I also needed to repair the tape between my wall and ceiling and was hoping this tool would help , it did ! I was able to hook my utility knife to this unit -LRB- although that was n't a great fit -RRB- to help cut down my old tape . The tool was a good fit with the drywall knife for applying the mud . I was able to put pretty good pressure on the knife with a 5 foot pole with no slippage . The unit is adjustable for angle and rotation . This is a very handy tool , and a great investment .
 This `` broken arm '' as it is called in our area is WONDERFUL ! You can reach and twist , and turn the brush so easily to another direction . It is also so very easy to remove a brush and change to another of better size or width simply pull it out , and push in another , yet it does n't twist on you while being used , I love that is secure ! It is capable of adding an extension for height .
 Compared to the price at my local Lowes , Amazon had a good deal on these.The tool is built to last . It 's built with sturdy materials through out . The metal parts of the tool are mostly made out of thick gauge steel with the exception of the brush 's clamp section where flexible steel is used.The tool consists of an ` arm ' with 2 ` articulations ' . One of the ` articulations ' houses the brush 's clamp section . The other ` articulation ' consists of the tool 's handle.The section of the tool that secures the brush consists of an upper clamp , and a lower clamp . To insert brushes , the brush 's handle needs to be sled inside the upper clamp , and then ` locked ' to the tool by twisting the brush right before inserting the bottom of the brush 's handle in the lower clamp.The angle of the brush can be set by adjusting the tool 's articulations by means of a couple of heavy duty wing nuts.The joints of both ` articulations ' , have notches on them to fine tune the angle of the brush really well . The opposite side of the joint connecting the tool 's handle has a round shaped ` lump ' that needs to contact the notches on the opposite side.I improved the contact between the ` lump ' and the notches by using a metal file to ` square ' the ` lump ' . Shur-Line should pay attention to the quality control ; before I modified the lump , the joint connecting the tool 's handle would slip , and had to be constantly readjusted . I gave it 4 Stars.The tool is very convenient , as it can be threaded to an extension pole , preventing the need of having to climb a ladder to paint corners or making cuts . This tool is a much better option compared to similar tools that are mostly made out of plastic .
 I have two of these things -LRB- I work full-time as a professional painter -RRB- and have been using them for years . They come in very handy when triming around ceiling fans or light fixtures that are located in the center of a high , flat ceiling where there is no place to put a ladder close by . For me , it 's an essential tool . For the do-it-yourself home owner , it 's also an essential tool if you want to keep wearing that badge instead of hiring a professional ! There are several other brush extension tools on the market , but none I 've used as as sturdy or as reliable as this one . If you need such a tool , this is the one you want to purchase !
 I WOULD DEFINITLY RECOMMEND THIS EXTENDER ... WE OWNED ONE OF THESE BRUSH EXTENDERS BEFORE AND ONE OF OUR BROTHERS LIKED IT SO MUCH HE KEPT OURS ...
 I used this to cut in on a 15 feet ceiling that i did not have a sufficiently tall ladder for.I used a 21/2 '' Purdy brush -LRB- flat handle -RRB- with relative ease . The reach was about 6 feet . The most difficult aspect was dipping the brush into the paint tray -LRB- from atop the ladder -RRB- and the slow swing / movement to the ceiling . It was a slow process , but once i got it on the edge . . control was good and the cut in -LRB- Sand dollar to Ceiling white -RRB- was clean . I had thought about renting a taller but for the price , it seemed like a good option . Very satisfied . Do n't think you could use this where you need to exert force or a large brush , there was a little of slop in the wing nut . For the job . . it was fantastic .
 I had to do cutting in over a stairway and wanted to minimize the amount of time I spent on an extension ladder on the stairs . I am a do-it-yourselfer NOT a pro . I ran into a spot where I was scared to death to set up the ladder -LRB- no escape plan if the ladder moved -RRB- and so my wife found the brush extender on amazon and said it had good reviews . Out of frustration I ordered it thinking that it was likely a waste of money -LRB- at least it was n't pricey -RRB- . I was sure that my hands were n't steady enough to cut in a high ceiling using the brush extender and a pole . I tried getting the tough spots again today using this product and was very impressed by two things
 Amazon states this item to be in stock , however , after placing an order -LRB- I am Prime Member -RRB- , I received 1 out of the 5 accent lights weeks down the road . Even though the item is sold by Amazon LLC , in reality , after calling customer service , the items I purchased were coming from a 3rd party . Thanks Amazon , knowing that now would have materially affected my decision to buy this item or go to Home Depot . It 's all a joke I feel like . Even more frustrating was the customer service rep was completely incompetent . She sent me an email that stated if I read clearly the item ships in 1-3 MONTHS ! My reply to that is simple , following that same email , it was also stated that ALL ITEMS WOULD SHIP IN ONE PACKAGE . They did not . Great job Amazon . Hello Home Depot . And yes I 'll pay extra now to have it immediately . Amazon has been doing this on some of my items but none to this extent . I am deeply upset with how this transaction is transacting . IN STOCK should mean IN STOCK . But no , that merely indicates the third party has possession of the items but wo n't ship till a later date . That 's right , take my money and run , Amazon ! Big Business bulldozers over another small guy . Thanks AMAZON !
 I recently purchased the 14.4 Milwaukee Lok-Tor drill via the internet for $ 150 . After having used it three times , I would have paid considerably more knowing what I know now . The drill has tremendous power -LRB- more than my previous 18 volt drill -RRB- , has excellent balance -LRB- feels like a drill should -RRB- , provides excellent control , and shows quality throughout . I had checked out other drills at the local hardware stores and had narrowed my choices to Milwaukee and Bosch . I finally chose the Milwaukee because of the higher torque , longer battery life , and a better warranty .
 use it for the pass 11 years evry day at times . all i did to make it run , keep new brushes ones a year . still have 3 and will till the break . now i used the new 12 v ham drill and i must say i do like what i had in my hands.work in hom impr genral renovation and gen maint . so i must give the little guy a 2 thums up .
 Whiteside makes quality bits and these are up to grade . The system is simple and the bits make the system work smoothly
 Although the manufacturer refers to this as a jelly , I find it more like play dough or putty . It is very useful when dealing with vertical surfaces . Hardening time depends on the amount of hardener used but it seems to average between 5 and 10 minutes . The product is dark grey in color - almost black . The hardener is deep red allowing for visual indication of a complete mix of the putty and hardener.When cured the product sands easier than regular fiberglass resin because it is n't quite as hard . In some uses , the slightly less hardness may be a problem.I am using this on some holes on the vertical surfaces of my boat . In the event that it fails I will add an update from the Coast Guard boat that rescues me .
 This hard to find little bi-fold door top pivot , prime line products n6672 , kept us from having to buy a whole new door .
 It 's a good product for less . If you went into the parts house to buy one it would be more .
 I have 2 of these showerheads . Work great on regular setting as they give a nice wide spray . Other 2 settings are okay , but nothing great .
 I have a tall narrow shower space and after having a bad experience with a narrow head , I 'd say this is a marked improvement . It 's a nice functional shower head with a good rain width and perfectly passable massage feature -LRB- that I actually did n't know I was getting , so it 's a plus -RRB- . I did n't notice the `` hole '' in the middle that the other reviewer mentioned . If you 're looking for a powerful massage feature , though , this is probably not the head for you . It 's a gentle to medium massage , and in general a pleasant experience.We bought a similar model from another company , and already the parts that join the pipe are cracking because they 're plastic . I 'm getting another one of these to replace that one . Although the head is chromed plastic -LRB- they all seem to be now -RRB- , the arm and ball connector are metal .
 Wright Tools are absolutely some of the best tools money can buy - bar none . I sold Wright tools for several years . Folks , these tools in my opinion , are comparable to the very best from Snap-On , MAC Tools , or Matco . Their quality and construction is second to none . If you want some VERY VERY good professional grade tools - Wright Tools are an excellent option . They are comparable to the very best .
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 Please note that this is the XR battery pack . Most 9.6 volt tools from DeWalt come with the standard battery pack . The XR pack features 25 % more runtime . So if you 're thinking about buying a new tool instead of replacement batteries , be aware of the difference in the batteries . By the way , higher voltage DeWalt replacement batteries are labeled XRP . These proide 40 % more runtime than the standard batteries . Also note that the extended runtime batteries are slightly larger and heavier than the standard versions .
 Set your drill on the # 1 for torque , and set your mode to the highest setting before drill mode , now try and hold it to stop the drill , do the same with the standard battery , No DOUBT the XR is more powerful and the 9.6 DeWalt drill are almost indestructible , drop a Hitachi from a ladder and it breaks in half , drop the DeWalt and pick it up and continue working,why-because the DeWalt has a heavy metal frame under the plastic . These drill will bury a screw or bolt into wood and take a beating like no other , also if you plan to use battery tools have several back up batteries , and just rotate to charger and tool.I have many battery power tools and love them !! - Tony
 I have tried 2 after-market battery packs in an attempt to save a litte -LRB- these batteries are not cheap -RRB- and they just do n't measure up to the original DeWalt version . This one fits right , unclips easily -LRB- I had to take a screwdriver to one of the clone versions to get it out of my drill -RRB- and lasts longer.These days I ca n't find the 9.6 v anywhere but online so you also have to factor in a little extra cost for shipping , but the non-OEM items just are n't the same . I buy DeWalt tools for a reason - I guess that reason extends to the batteries too !
 There are two DeWalt replacement battery pack types that I know of . The one that has the XR behind the voltage is a hotter battery than the standard battery . The XR battery is about 1/2 inch longer and may weigh a tiny bit more but its worth it.I plan on buying a second XR battery . I have purchased two standard sets and they last about a year with me . Sometimes I use them a lot and sometimes they sit for a while betwen use . So far this battery is a gem.jet
 The battery was the right price and was a good fit for my ... DeWalt drill . The drill runs like new again -LRB- was starting to lose its power -RRB- .
 I purchased this to replace the original one that came with the drill . Perfect replacement and works well . Quick shipment .
 These are the extended runtime batteries . Since they are original equipment they hold a charge longer when in storage and run longer after a full charge .
 Not many stores carry the 9.6 battery any more . This was a DeWalt product that fitted my needs just right . Arrived as scheduled and after a charge up has proceeded to perform as specified .
 Works good for a 9 volt battery . They all quickly develop a short life . I will get a high power drill next time instead of a battery
 What can you say about a NiCad battery to fill the number of word they want . It works and does the job .
 It arrived intact and on time , and does what it is supposed to do . The price is a bit high compared to the price of the original drill kit . But I am told the reason they can sell the kits so cheap is that the original batteries are not as good as the replacement batteries . Maybe , but we 'll see how long it holds a charge .
 I have owned DeWALT drills for many many years and they have worked wonderfully . Naturally though , over time the batteries wear out . -LRB- especially as they are NiCad and not Lithium Ion -RRB- It is a great example of our wasteful society when the manufacturer will sell a drill with two batteries for $ 100 , but each proprietary replacement battery is $ 40 each.Clearly they make money selling the drill plus two batteries for $ 100 , so when they sell the individual batteries for $ 40 each they are just taking advantage of the lock-in of the proprietary battery form factor.With this type of pricing , it encourages people to just buy a new drill -LRB- perhaps from a different manufacturer -RRB- and discard the old one , rather than just replacing the defective battery.With all of that being said , I chose to buy a single replacement battery for my old drill , and it works great once again . Product quality is great , and my 9.6 v drill can do amazing things , however , only giving 4 stars as I disagree with DeWALT 's pricing model .
 hard decision . My batteries were failing , would n't hold a charge . The cost of 2 batteries is just about what it cost for a new drill , case , and batteries . Decided to get the batteries , which did make the drill usable again .
 My husband ruined the battery on his drill in the pool when doing repairs . Yes , he got it wet . The drill is 10 years old and we did not think we could get a replacement battery , but the one we ordered and received is perfect .
 Home Depot did not even have this battery in stock and if I ordered it , it would have cost over two times as much as I paid here on Amazon . The battery arrived and worked out of the packaging . I just tested to see if it worked and then had it fully charged in no time at all ! I would definitely buy another one when this one goes out .
 Works well . I am not as drill technical , I did not know if xr would work on my 9,6 drill that did not say xr . It does and was cheaper than big boxes
 This is my second XR battery.I bought the first one several years ago when the originals would n't hold a charge as long . The originals finally gave up a month ago . I needed another one and the XR was the logical choice . It 's a great battery !
 Got the Battery on time , packed well . Charged it right away , put it on my Sander and it work 's great . I now know just where to buy them when needed . The price was very reasonable . Thank you .
 This replacement battery has brought my Dewalt drill back to life ! The old batteries were losing power after ten minutes use . This new battery is delivering power for much longer than the originals , even when they were new . Charges fast on the old charger as well .
 Everything seems to be A + . Battery works just find after I charged it . I don `` t have any trouble ordering at Amazon .
 I ordered two 2 batteries over the internet late in the evening , June 30 and I was expecting to receive the shipment late next week because of the pending July 4 holiday . I was surprised that I received them on July 4 ! Excellent service and the batteries came in their original plastic cases . The box that the batteries came in was well packaged and cushioned . Thank you for the excellent service .
 this battery pack was hard to find at stores . With this new one , I now have two battery packs as I do stuff around the house . It is very handy to use one while the other charges . It holds a charge for a good while .
 After much searching and reading reviews , I decided I wanted the original source and not an after market . I am very happy with my decision . I found this was a great price too !
 Great battery , although the drill gets all the credit , it isnt worth a dime with out a good battery and this one out does the originals by a long shot ! Getting ready to buy another for a back up !!
 Just got this yesterday . Hoping it will last a long time . Already had a charge of 10 + volts . Shipping was excellent ! Came two days before receive date . Got a good price on it !
 If you have to replace your battery this is the one to do it with . It has more power than the original and yes it may weigh a tiny bit more but worth it . It holds a charge longer then the ones the drill came with and when you are working on a house you need it to last .
 I bought a couple of these as replacements to the original 9.6 V battery packs that came with my DeWalt cordless drill . I was never unhappy with the amount of run time I got out of the original batteries , but these XR versions last a lot longer ! Give your old cordless new life .
 Our mailman and our neighbors can not get over it . They admire it even if they are not Raiders fans . Mailbox lused to be nondescript and now it is eye catching .
 The Velcro strips made it easy to fit and so far it looks great . It took about five minutes total to install it on my mailbox.I 'll say , however , that the photo that came with the Raiders cover also showed a separate photo of the mailbox flag , which made it appear it was included . It was not . A little deceptive .
 We have a totally standard size , ugly black metal mailbox , and my husband hated it , so rather than going out and spending money on a new one I got him this and it fit great . I also like that it blends in with our original mailbox since it is black but that obviously wo n't be the case for most other sports teams .
 First , I bought this after comparing it to the Delta -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , General International , the Shop Fox and the Grizzly . For the money I do n't think you could do better.It 's not a finish sander but if you need to remove stock to make a drawer fit , flush up a veneer , or bevel an edge it works very well . And , it works very , very fast with the supplied 100 grit belt . Stock is removed a little faster than some other machines because of the speed of the belt . That 's not a bad thing , just something to be aware of . It comes with a great belt from Klingspore , but you might want to go with a higher grit.The other review complains that there 's only 1/2 '' oscillation and that makes the machine worthless . First , it 's a worthwhile feature because it extends the life of the belt and reduces cleanings . Second , all the machines of this size oscillate 3/4 '' - I 'm not sure what the other reviewer is looking for , but it 's a 6 '' belt - the more it oscillates the less usuable height you have . So , a sander that oscillates 3 '' would limit you to a 3 '' drawer or give uneven sanding.The dust chute is n't designed well because you ca n't leave the side table with it on . I know one guy who did a little grinding to the chute to make it fit.The problem I have with the scale is that it 's very hard to see when locking the angle . I 've never had a machine with perfectly set detents at 0 , 45 , or 90 degree so what 's the point ? Good detents are user adjust able and add to the expense.The storage cabinet is nice , but the door should be wider . Oh well , it 's better than not having one . The table is heavier than the others the other reviewer mentioned which makes adjusting it is more of a chore , but the extra weight is a good thing . It dampens the vibrations and makes the machine more heavy duty . If the weight is that much of an issue make a table out of plywood ; > -RRB- I 'm sticking with the cast iron.All in all a great machine , and I 'd highly recommend it .
 Just purchased this sander . The sander shipped directly from WMH -LRB- Jet -RRB- . While the box had a couple of dings there was no damage to the sander . There were no issues assembling either . After following the checks for tracking while not powered , I plugged the unit and turned on . Tracking was perfect from the factory , no further adjustments were necessary.The good :1 . The sander works very well and is very aggressive . I found the 1/2 '' oscillation more than adequate . I have an oscillating spindle sander and I can say that some oscillation is much better than none .2 . Dust collection seems to be more than adequate for the limited amount I have used it so far.The so so ... Table adjustment is awkward as stated elsewhere , but I do n't expect this to be an issue since this will not happen very often.Angle adjustment is also awkward but again this is a feature that I do n't expect to use often.I will not be using the sanding drum since I have an oscillating spindle sander with excellent dust collection . Using the sanding drum renders dust collection useless.I purchased this sander because I wanted a longer surface belt sander as compared to my 6X48 sander and this will do the job at the right price point . Assuming it continues to do this well , it will not disappoint.If warranted , I will update this review as it gets more use in my shop .
 This is the first edge sander that I own . I own a small cabinet shop and it realy make work easy . it is great for door edges . I first had a hard time setting the hight of the table then i purchase a small scissors jack and put it under the table and it is esay to lift and lower the table . Daniel M
 Some of the complaints I read before buying this sander now seem somewhat silly . The tracking adjustment on the machine is awesome and very easy to use . When you change the sanding angle you need to adjust the tracking but this is no problem . The machine is powerful , quiet and has excellent dust collection . The oscillating range is fine , it should never be more than a 1/2 inch . Two improvements could be made to the machine . First , it would be nice to turn off the oscillator when you need a little extra height . Secondly , it would be nice to have a handle crank to adjust the sanding angle . It is not the easiest operation for one person to accurately set the angle . Other than that the machine is perfect .
 Great product and purchased to replace my 36 inch belt sander , Liked the oscillating belt and was just what I needed for doing the rockers on the rocking horses I made .
 We use these heaters as a source of energy efficient heating for over 4 years now at our inn . They have an adjustable feature that supplies electricity to the silicone filled element to produce heat and then cut off the power when the silicone fluid gets hot . This feature saves energy . We also benefit from only heating those areas we want to keep warm by using zone versus central heat.We bought them to reduce our usage of the central propane hot air furnace and have saved money by only heating areas needed and reducing propane usage.They also help keep our yurts comfortable in the winter .
 This heater works well for the 10x15 room which we use it in . It automatically adjusts the dual stage power to maintain the desired temperature . We 're very pleased with its performance and its very reasonable price .
 It works , but does do some strange clicking/banging sounds some times . Also , it switches from 750W to 1500W automatically so that it might blow the fuses in your space depending on what else you have plugged -LRB- such as another heater for another window -RRB- . I would rate it 5 stars if they was a switch to control the 750W/1500W power .
 The Farenheat Hydronic heater is an excellent area heater with no moving parts . The hydronic fluid in the heater core is very efficient using natural air convection . This is the large model , with two power levels -LRB- 750 & 1500 W -RRB- automatically selected by the `` Smartstat '' thermostat , and has a length of 58 '' along the baseboard -LRB- where we use it -RRB- . The unit was shipped from an Amazon dealer , and it did arrive damaged in shipment , with one of the legs broken . I chose to repair the leg rather than return it and reorder another one . It took two weeks to get the unit after ordering .
 This heater is great ! We bought it for our large sun room , which has no heat and lots of glass . It heats up the room very quickly and quietly -LRB- no noise at all -RRB- . It is very safe for our grandchildren and dogs . It is stylish and solidly built . Our guests do not even know a heater is in the room . We highly recommend this product . This product has a gel that heats up inside the heater and stays warm after the heater is turned off . There are no cons to this heater tht we can see , just pros !
 This is our second purchase of this product . We bought the first one 2 years ago for our cold kitchen and it made it comfortable without increasing the electric bill . We researched different brands of space heaters -LRB- including the expensive one mentioned by P. Harvey -RRB- and it looked good . However , we went with what we knew ... the Farenheat . I am waiting for this month 's electric bill to be sure it has n't pushed us over the edge . That will be available in less than 10 days . If it does n't push up the electricity use , I 'll be very happy . This unit is quiet , wo n't burn anything or anyone , just sends warm air up and around to supplement what is in the room . Very good product .
 I love this heater!I have tried to replace a ventless stove -LRB- fumes-yuk ! -RRB- with all manner of heaters unsuccessfully . None seemed able to keep my lower level kitchen -LRB- with ceramic floors & lots of windows -RRB- very warm in a 12 ` x20 ' area . So far , this has far exceeded my expectations , and I have n't even operated it above 2 ! I am considering replacing my existing base board with hard-wired units in the future . This was $ well spent .
 Here is a tough , well made heater . Only slightly warm to the touch , it is safe for a child 's room - no worry about hot surfaces . Even heat , well made -LRB- my 35lb . three year old stands on it to look out the window -RRB- . Reasonably priced . A great way to add heat to a room . Do your homework to get a good price -LRB- about $ 150 with shipping -RRB- .
 I purchased this heater at a local home improvement store after doing significant research on space heaters . I live in a large house that is not well insulated , and utility bills can be quite large in the winter when heating the house . I have forced air heat , and have a large recreation room in the basement , which the heat is dispersed from the ceiling . The ceiling is not high enough for ceiling fans , and running a fan does little to move the heat down to the lower part of the room.With the cold weather arriving , and temperatures being in the fifties and lower , I decided to go ahead and purchase one of these heaters . It unpacks from the box nearly 100 % assembled , with the legs sliding on , and the knob inserted on it 's post . Basically , the heater is ready to go within minutes . I placed the heater in my basement recreation room , which was probably in the lower sixty degree range , and turned the heater on six to run . I expected the heater to have some odor first off , which it did . The odor did last longer than I expected it to , but the heater did heat the room at least five degrees in under an hour . Keep in mind , this heater requires a five foot space against a wall to operage . I suppose you could place it in the middle of a room , and I did not find that the heater to be hot enough to be a fire hazzard , but at its highest setting , I would not allow small children unattended around it , as their fingers could reach in to the heating fins and cause burns.Initially , when the heater is set above five on it 's scale , the heater runs at 1500 watts , but then , automatically , adjustes to 750 watts . Even at the higher wattage , I did not hear any abnormal noises from the heater . I 've lived in homes with radiator heating , and the noise can be quite noticable , but I did not find any such noises with this heater.My only complaint , which others have expressed , is the lack of a switch to limit the power to 750 watts . Even if it added an additional ten dollars to the price , I believe it would be worth the cost . A switch that would allow one to choose `` low '' and `` auto '' power modes would be my suggestion , and would not affect the overall performance , as the auto mode does switch to low power when it does not need the higher wattage.Although I have not seen what this will do to my electric bills , I do not expect this to cost more than $ 20 - $ 40 to run a month , when the temperatures get into the below freezing point . I do plan on running this heater with an automatic timer , so it does not run all day when no one is home , but will come on with time to warm the room prior to my family arriving at home in the evenings . Only running the unit during the hours needed , would only add to the savings in my utility bills ... With limited experience using this heater , I would call this heater a buy for those interested in saving on their utility bills .
 We purchased this unit for use in a 450 sq. ft. basement area that is insulated . It works just great ! It provides consistent heat throughout the whole space , and while I would n't want my kids to walk up and touch it on a regular basis , it wo n't burn them if they happen to hit it . We also purchased a Lux plug-in programmable thermostat to cycle the unit on and off for the times that we use the basement area -LRB- evenings and weekends -RRB- , and the pair are a terrific , affordable option for anyone looking for supplemental heating for their home .
 I have a home office with large windows facing north so in the winter the room is colder than the rest of the house . Also the house is on a concrete slab which can be really cold on the feet . The heater keeps the room at a comfortable temperature and the floor is not cold . The unit sits along the wall under the windows out of the way with no blower noise . Also I have not seen a noticeable increase in the electric bill . We tried other types of units and took them back , I highly recommend this unit .
 I looked at this heater at Grainger . It might have had the Dayton name on it there . It is the same as Q-Mark too , which is owned by Fahrenheat . It seems nice . No toxic smelling parts from toxic fire retardant , like some heaters , but I surprised to see the item I saw said `` made in China '' on the box , although Fahrenheat claims they own their Chinese plant and do n't outsource production.Also , you may not have a real choice of 750 Watts or 1500 Watts with the model I looked at , according to the literature I was reading that came with it . It has a `` smart stat '' that seems to choose the wattage according to how high you turn it . I did not actually buy and try this model , so I can not say for sure , but the instruction says that it automatically chooses 1500 or 750 Watts , depending how much of a heat demand the themostat detects . If this is the way it works , it may be efficient and good for some people , but it is one more control part to break down and less manual control for the user.Likewise , it might also automatically put a 1500 watt load on a line that can not handle it . There may be models that are n't wired like this , so please do your own research on the part/serial number and technical support on the item you intend to buy , or if possible , check it in the store before you buy.Bottom line . If you are looking to run this at 750 Watts , make sure you know how it works . It may , or may not , give you that choice .
 this heater , after looking @ all types of baseboard heaters -LRB- portable -RRB- the price was the BEST!I have n't received my electric bill as of yet but comfort wise , well worth the purchase price !
 Worked adequately for a night when hiking and a sudden storm soaked my sleeping bag -LRB- and just about everything else I had -RRB- . Good to have if needed but by no means comfortable . One of those emergency survival supplies you should always have in your pack . Lightweight and can be used for other purposes if you are creative -LRB- as a tarp , for signaling , etc. -RRB- .
 These vents are easy to install , and they are also pre-painted . You just have to cut the and use four wood screw and drill driver .
 This is largest undermount sink I could find under $ 300 , and I was not disappointed ! It is really , really big and amazon had an awesome price on it . I like big sinks because I have a very oversized vanity and a normal sink would have looked too small in proportion . I would recommend it to anyone so long as you needs something quite large .
 This is a beautiful sink . I love the rectangle shape and the way it slopes down to the drain . It is Kohler standard I would expect .
 Could n't decide between a Villeroy and Boch basin or the Kohler Ladena . Because of size , had to choose the Kohler Ladena -- and I could not be happier . The price was right , the sink is beautiful ... Not just the porcelain , but also the shape and the size . I got the 2215 , which is large -- but the curve at the bottom and the slope of the sink render it quite elegant . It looks absolutely perfect with the new granite vanity top and Kohler Devonshire faucet.I also have to give major praise to the speed of the shipping . I needed it for a project in London , and it arrived in two days . TWO days ! I could not believe how quickly it came , when all the stores here that sell Kohler products said it would take two to four weeks for them to source the sink and get it to me . With DHL and Amazon.com it arrived in record time.Sink and service are top-notch .
 Just completed the remodel of our master bathroom . This sink is larger than the standard builder-grade sink which makes it the perfect size for my husband when he shaves . The sink looks beautiful with my carrera marble countertop . The finish is easy to take of . A great fit for my remodel .
 We 've used this sink in the bathrooms of two houses . It 's a great shape and wonderful size . In our experience , Kohler makes wonderful products , and this is no exception .
 I never thought I 'd be eloquently praising a sink , but times have changed . We just redid our master bath and my wife wanted a rectangular sink deep enough to not splash . I showed her all the choices and we went with this one . Installed easily and looks great . No problems ... buy one .
 These are very nice flip flops . Several people have told me how cool the design looks on the shoe . I would say you might want to order a size up . Because I had to go one size up , and even then it was a close fit .
 I 'm your typical Californian . Lived up north in Santa Cruz , CA for a while , and learned how to really wear shorts , t-shirts , and sandals . Now I 'm addicted ! I ca n't walk around without sandals and shorts anymore , just does n't feel right.Anyhow , I ordered these guys because my old pair was wearing out . -LRB- The strap actually broke while I was driving , super lame . -RRB- These are pretty nice , casual sandals . Very lightweight , thin , and stylish . They do n't require any breaking in , they feel really comfortable at first wear . They are n't stiff , and bend nicely with your foot.I 'm giving them 4 out of 5 stars because I actually prefer a slightly thicker sandal . This will probably wear out within 2 months of everyday usage . They are definitely worth purchasing if you want something simple and stylish to wear around .
 This is a great all leather sandal . Very comfortable and perfect fit by size .
 Great leather flip flops ! Bought them for my husband and he really likes them . Great look , great fit . I wear Reef 's Ginger flip flops and want a pair like this too !
 Like the sandals , but unless you like them short and narrow SIZE UP ! I typically wear a 10.5 in most shoes . I sized up to an 11 and they were too small . Returned them and ordered a 12 .
 This is the second pair of the smoothies I have owned . I have nerve damage in my feet and many shoes cause my feet to ache . These are always comfortable from day one and the way the conform and fit my feet causes them to feel relaxed .
 These look like a good quality flip flop . It 's still winter , have n't had a chance to try them out yet .
 Just what I was looking for ! They look great and they 're very comfortable ! Sizing seems true to size . Not too big , not too small .
 I have loved Reef sandals from the womb , but I finally convinced my husband to try them ! He was comfortable from the moment he put them on and even said they are the only flip flops he will buy from now on also !!
 Im very happy with this sandal . Soft and confortable . With sandals its different size chart . if you are 10.5 you have to purchase 10 not 11 .
 This was ordered for a 18 year old teenager , who loves them . They were delivered on time , and kept me informed with emails from the time I paid for until they were delivered to my door . Would order this product again .
 I was so happy when I found these flip flops for so cheap . I looked around the malls and searched store to store and found nothing close to this price . I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . He wears them every day . I am so happy .
 These Reef Sandals are probably the fourth pair that I 've owned . I got my first pair as a gift from a girlfriend and I 've liked them , ever since . This pair has been the most comfortable pair that I have owned so far . They are extremely lightweight . This pair may not offer the same support as some of the thicker , heavier plastic sandals but , the lightweight and smooth leather insoles more than make up for it . They just feel great to wear . They are great sandals and they are extremely versatile . You can wear them anywhere and they look stylish and comfy . So far , all my Reef Sandals have proven to be comfortable , stylish , durable and relatively long-lasting . If they get a little dirty , just wash them , let them air-dry and they look almost new again.I recommend Reef sandals / flip-flops for guys and girls . There 's a great selection of girl 's and guy 's Reef Sandals . They also look great on the girls and they seem to love them too , especially here in FL where they can basically be worn year-round . They make a great gift for that special girl in your life . You ca n't go wrong by buying a girl a pair of shoes , they can never have too many pairs , right ? LOL : - -RRB-
 I have sweaty feet and have found that this is the only sandal -LRB- Reef Smoothy -RRB- that my sweaty feet will not slide out of when it is hot and I am walking . Plus they are comfortable , durable , and last for years . I have had one of my pears for seven years now and still wear them .
 im the kinda guy who wears flip flops 24/7 even in winter and these things seem very durable and fit to your feet well and i have very flat feet . However there are very obvious marks where my toes are they just look like wear and tear of leather and kind of add to the look i think . all in all these are aweesome flip flops and i would recommend them to anyone
 The most amazing flip flop a guy will ever wear . I wear a size 12 in other flips , but got a size 13 in these . Right out of the box they felt awesome - a few days of wearing and they were AMAZINGLY AWESOME ! They are so darn comfortable it is unbelievable . Plus the styling goes so well with both shorts , or in the cooler weather a pair of jeans.Don ' t waste money on more expensive flip flops when these guys go the distance . Remember guys , order one size up for best fit .
 Just got my pair and I love them . Well made , exactly the same color as I ordered , and they 're some of the most comfortable shoes I own . Ca n't go wrong here , so I 'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from . I hesitated before buying because of some of the weird feedback on this site , but I 'm glad I went ahead with it . Great purchase . I wear size 10.5 , ordered size 11 , they fit perfectly . Love them .
 The slippers are true to the size and really comfortable . I only buy reef slippers because there good quality and last a long time .
 These sandals are just as better than my last pair of Rainbows at half the price . They look and feel awesome , and they are super comfy . The fit is exactly the same as a nike running shoe .
 Reef sandals are the only way to go ! Comfortable and stylish ! Great transaction ! Great price , product , and service . Amazon is a great place to shop !
 I ordered the Bronze/Brown leather Reefs to wear while working from home . They have a lighter-colored tread which does n't leave marks on our lighter colored carpet . They are very comfortable and very well built . I went with the recommendation of ordering one size larger than I normally wear . I usually wear a size 12 Asics shoe . Therefore , I ordered a size 13 reef sandal . They fit perfectly !
 I bought these for my boyfriend , who loved them . They do run a bit small . He wears an 111/2 and the 12 fit comfortably . Attractive and stylish as brown flip flops go .
 It 's good to know that if you 're considering this particular sandal , that the soles are thinner than some other Reef 's out there . That said , these feel and fit great as expected !
 Comfortable while walking , but bit soft sole and good apperance too , if u like soft sole i would recommend this
 They look great and should be even better once I break them in . They are on the smaller size when it comes to length . If you where a size 11 , your heel will be very close to the edge . So if you prefer to have a little bit more space between the heel and the back of the flop I would go a half size bigger . For me I prefer my heel to be almost flush with the back so I am happy with the product .
 Purchased for my son ; it 's a good looking slide that looks good on his feet . Great for easy days around the house or beach .
 The flip flops are fantastic , we love this brand . What 's not to like ? Comfy and casual - great year round footwear for Florida .
 not the exact color I thought it was but they are my favorite type of sandals.The only thing that would make it a 5 is if they added a bottle opener and a secret key compartment .
 I 've worn leather sandals for years that ranged from $ 10 at Target that last about 6 months then fall apart to nicer Rainbows at $ 45 that last a year or so . These sandals are by far the most comfortable I 've owned and have lasted 6 months so far with no problems ! Great purchase with years of use to come !
 Exactly what I thought I ordered . Very nice sandals . Had to exchange for a bigger size but this was my mistake .
 These flip flops are divine . The name is n't misleading at all -- the footbed is as smooth as can be . The straps are short enough that your feet do n't really `` flip '' or `` flop '' when walking , and durable enough that they do n't stretch . I have been complaining about stretching issues with reefs for years , but these do n't have that problem . Overall a great buy.Note
 This is my first leather sandal by Reef and it is growing on me . You need to break it in , unlike their other Reef sandals that are really comfortable from the getgo . This one is becoming more comfortable as I wear it . I am still not taking long walks but it might become one of my favorites .
 Really comfortable sandals . The bottom is sort of falling off though and I 've only had them for about three months .
 What more can be said about Reef Flip Flops ... Excellent quality , comfortable , looks great with shorts or pants . Ca n't go wrong . Perfect fit .
 I bought these for my husband ... he has n't worn them yet -LRB- they 're a Christmas gift -RRB- , but I 'm really hopeful that they 'll hold up to his abuse ! LOL : -RRB-
 These are the most confortable sandals i 've ever worn ! They are super durable . Would n't get anything other than reefs . Also look into their bottle opener sandals !
 Compr&eacute; estas sandalias para un regalo de cumplea & ntilde ; os de mi hermano , y cuando las recib&iacute; me gustaron mucho son de muy buena calidad y muy c&oacute;modas bastante suaves , el cuero el da un buen estilo . Las recomiendo yo quiero unas !
 Light and confortable style , leather look , strong design , also , arrived pretty soon ; they look bigger than they are . Good deal .
 First time wearing these I spent all day walking around Boston . Super comfy , and no issues . The last time I bought sandals I broke them in walking around Philadelphia and ended up getting blisters . Not the case this time , they even got wet and are still going strong .
 I received exactly what I ordered . They are of same quality of Reef 's that I 've bought in the store.My husband has worn them for over a month now and he has no complaints .
 This is a beautiful piece of hardware for your bathroom ! It is a very well-made item , also . I was shocked when I took it out of the box the day that it arrived from amazon , because it was so heavy , the first thought that entered my mind , is `` Wow , this is so heavy it would make a great weapon ! You can knock someone 's brains out with this thing ! '' And it looks great on the bathroom wall , to boot ! And I love the way that you change the toilet paper roll . I wish all of my bathrooms had this '' `` Swing Up Arm '' way of changing the rolls of tissue . So simple and much easier to do this way . I chose the `` Brushed Nickel '' finish because I already have other hardware in that finish in my bathroom and wanted to keep it matching but this T.P. Holder was really beautiful in the Chrome finish , also . Alas , I could not use that finish without changing my towel racks and other items and that would have been a foolish and costly thing to do . I am very happy with the Nickel finish as well , it looks great in my bathroom ! I would say this is one of the better made Toilet Paper Holders on the market ... highly recommend !
 The only problem I had in putting this lamp together was figuring out how far to screw the post into the base so that it would sit flat . Once that was figured out and everything was screwed tight it automatically was level . I have had my eye on these lamps at other places but did n't want to pay the over $ 100 price . I bought two for behind the sofa and get lots of complements . I say go for it on this one . The price was worth the lampshade alone !
 First off , if it takes you `` hours '' to assemble a lamp ... you 've got other issues.The product took about 20 min to install . It took me a few minutes to figure out that I had to screw the lower pole onto the upper pole . but other than that , it was a simple install.The lamp does NOT lean and the top is NOT too heavy for the pole if you tightly screw the nut on the bottom of the pole . If you do n't screw that tightly , you will end up with a leaning lamp.The quality was good enough for a $ 25 lamp . I did n't expect much since this was $ 25 . If anything , this was better quality than Ikea . The base was very heavy and sturdy.I really dont understand why the other 2 reviewers gave it such a low rating.For $ 25 , this is a great lamp .
 It is really surprising how low this lamp was rated . Ordered two and the quality exceeded my expectations . If you assemble it correctly it is as sturdy as any lamp I have ever purchased . Quality is similar to that of IKEA or Pier One , possibly even Crate & Barrel . Assembly is easy , I would recommend having a level handy , because the top arm was originally off a little bit on one of the lamps , but with a pair of pliers and a rag it was very easy to adjust . They look perfect and complement well any contemporary or modern furniture . Very satisfied .
 The floor model of this lamp is quite functional and its minimal design would compliment any living space . The assembly took about 15 minutes , not hours if you know what you 're doing . For the price of this lamp it is a complete steal and its aesthetics are great . The lamp adds a nice glow to the living room and the low and high setting is a nice touch . I did n't notice anything negative about the chrome nor any leaning , you just have to assemble it correctly and take your time . Overall I really enjoy the lamp and how it looks with the rest of my living room .
 This is the second Swingstepz lamp we have ordered because we were so happy with the first one . The first one was $ 19.61 . The list price was well over $ 100 . By the time we ordered lamp # 2 , Amazon had reduced the price to $ 18.45 . This one came damaged , but was promptly replaced by Amazon . The replacement came with a a soiled shade . We called the manufacturer and without hassle were sent a second one at no charge . The lamp is rated at 60 watts maximum . However , , with an energy efficient bulb using 60 watts , we are able to get 150 watts of light . Except for the no cost hassle of the return of the damaged lamp , we are very happy with both . They are very functional and fit in perfectly with our decor .
 I have a garage door with clopay hardware . I lost the key . This was an exact replacement for the cylinder . It was easy to install with 2 screws and works fine . Now I can lock my garage door .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at our NY apt , newly furnished completely by site unseen on-line orders . This lamp is fabulous , streamline , easy to turn on and off , lights the whole room but not obnoxiously . I 'm going to order more when I get around to it . Not expensive but upscale looking . Practical and fits in with any decor .
 I have a very small water garden with two fish and a lily . The folks at the nursery said if things were balanced that a filter should n't be necessary . They were wrong . After 8 months in service the water was so murky you could n't see more than a couple of inches deep . I tried changing out the water a few bucketfulls at a time , but that did n't work either . So I get this filter . It was very easy to assemble and set the fountain . I love the adjust ability of the fountain head . The center piece in the top just moves up or down to change the pattern or restrict the volume . After only 36 hours in service , I noticed that the flow had started to drop off . So I pulled the filter out , opened it up , and saw and incredible amount of very fine sludge had already been collected . I cleaned the filter elements and put it right back in the pond . I believe it will be clean soon , I just need to keep cleaning the elements . Very highly recommended for the money !
 Greetings - I 've had this filter running in a 4 ' x 6 ' 100 gallon turtle pond for 4 months now . I does a great job keeping the water clean -LRB- two small mud turtles & a RES -RRB- . I purchased an extra set of filter pads to expedite the weekly changes and disrupt my turtles activities -LRB- sleeping , napping , resting , sunbathing & eating -RRB- as little as possible . So far so good ...
 This pump is a great value , especially as a `` starter '' pump for a novice pondkeeper . The all-in-one design makes it so easy to install and maintain . I can clean this filter in the same amount of time as I can clean my dryer 's lint trap . My only criticism is the filter media they provided . I found it far too course to filter out fine particles , so I added a layer of quilt batting .
 I needed a pump to clean up a small pre-formed pond that had been turned into a huge algae filled pool of water . I could see the fish when they came to the surface and that was it ... this pump and filter cleaned it up within a week ... could n't be happier !!!
 Ready to place in pond in minutes . I 've found keeping lot of floating plants cuts down on the algae , makes filter work less , I drain some water every couple weeks and add new . Adjustable fountain head for different effects ... a very nice product from a good company .
 I bought this for our small outdoor fish pond . I do n't know the exact size or volume , but it 's about 3 ' x 4 ' . Our previous pump/filter had given out partly because it was too powerful for a tiny pond . This seems to be just right . It makes a nice little fountain & filters the water really well . -LRB- We used the fountain nozzle from our other pump/filter because we wanted a more traditional tiered fountain , but this kit includes the basic bubble and waterbell type water pattern . -RRB- We had clear water again after just one day . It has been a little over a month since we installed , and no problems . It 's easy to clean , and at this price is such a great value.UPDATE
 Pondmaster PMK190 190gph Pump and Filter with Bonus Fountain Head is exactly what I needed to clear that funky split-pea soup -LRB- algae-ridden -RRB- water in my Shubunkin , Comet and Koi ponds ! Simple to use ... , Has a very sturdy handle -LRB- convenient for lifting the unit out of the pond for cleaning -RRB- . Takes about 2 minutes to hose off the 3 -LRB- very thick -RRB- filters and put the unit back in pond . The 190 gallons per hour `` pump-suck '' is quite powerful and quiet . My ponds were crystal clear in two days . I do n't use the optional fountain head because I have spitters and waterfalls , already -- not using it creates a very nice rippling agitation effect on the surface of the pond . Your neighbors will be in total awe . :-RRB- My fish are quite happy now that they can actually see me coming to feed them -- and see their food pellets floating on the top of the water . Perfect ! -- Katharena Eiermann , 2007 , the Realm of Existentialism -- Presidential Hopeful
 The pump works quite well and does create a nice spherical pattern . The head is adjustable so you can make different patterns . For example , it can also shoot jets out perpendicular to the head . There are no instructions for how to change the pattern and it 's definitely not obvious , but you just have to rotate the very top of the head . The filter is very large and easy to access for cleaning.I 've tried to use solar-powered pumps and filters in my pond , but they 're not powerful enough and tend to get clogged easily and break quickly . This is a much more powerful and sturdy pump with a far larger filter , so it should do the job much better . Definitely a good pump for the price .
 We are using this for a pond that contains several Comet Goldfish , one Red-Eared Slider Turle , & one Softshell Turtle . We 've had it a month now and love it . It 's easy to clean and works great so far .
 This is the best price I found for this product , which is still sold in stores . Functions as it should . Arrived as promised in new condition .
 we have a smaller pond - about 75 gallons with just a few small Koi . This was the perfect size and seems to be doing a great job of keeping the pond clean and healthy for the fish . The fountain offers a very serene sound when we sit out on the patio . Perfect !
 This works well , but I have to clean it weekly or so . I have about a 300 gallon pond with about 1000 tadpoles -LRB- green frogs -RRB- . It does n't bother the tadpoles , but the snails do occasionally plug the pump inlet.It 's been working for about 4 months and it 's still going!After more than a year , it 's still running almost 24/7 in my pond . I 've had to take apart the pump a few times to clean out debris that gets in , but it usually is only when the filter is really dirty.The screws that hold the actual pump chamber strip very easily , as they are only in the soft plastic . It needs to fit tightly , and you must be careful !
 The filter pump that came with a pond that was here when I bought the house quit working -LRB- due to a broken impellar -RRB- , and I knew nothing about replacing it . After much research , I read that a pump needed only to be powerful enough to filter the whole pond every 2-3 hours to avoid harming fish . Being that my pond is only about 65 gallons , this product was about the right size . I learned , also , that a magnetic impellar system , which this one has , would last much longer . I was unable to find what I needed at Lowes , Home Depot , PetSmart , Petco , etc. . I was able to find this on Amazon quite easily . And , Pondmaster has a good reputation as well.One complaint I read about this pump was that a rock had to be placed on top of it to keep it from floating in the water . This was true only initially . Now that the filter has become saturated , that 's no longer the case.The pump worked flawlessly the moment I plugged it in . The fountain head is relatively easy to adjust to make the `` bowl '' fit the pond . I 'm really happy I chose this product . - Thanks
 My small pond was a mess , and the Pondmaster got things cleared up in a couple of days , with some frequent attention by me to clean the filtration pads . Now that it 's cleared the water , the cleaning is less frequent . The seller did a nice job of getting the unit to me quickly and ready to run .
 My order came quickly in the mail . It looks and feels cheap but once you put it together , it Works great . When you take it out to clean it , lift the sides not the handle . Took a week to clean up my pond but Works great .
 Update
 I have read many reviews that talk about the pump failing . Mine failed after one month . I took the pump apart -LRB- slid it off of the rails that hold it to the filter and removed the screws that held the pump case together -RRB- . The plastic shaft inside the pump seems to be designed with some little teeth that should engage the impeller . However , mine had worn away . And very quickly . I used a little super glue to permanetnly attach the motor and impeller together . The pump has now been running flawlessly for two months -LRB- as long as I clean the filters ! -RRB- .
 I love how easy this was to set-up and install ; pretty much plug and play.You do need to weigh this down to get it to remain on the bottom . I would have preferred the power cord to be a little longerd.I will be required to by a new fountain head for this ; to me the image of the bell shape was small enough for my pond . I 'm yet to see this clean bell shape , I have just a circular spray off this , that was so big I water is landing outside our pond . . It has excellent pumping power , I have it on the lowest setting , due to the foutain head . The sound of the pump is not as appealing as other , but its not overly loud .
 Put it in our small -LRB- 250 gallon -RRB- goldfish pond that gets spruce needles and mud runoff that makes the water pretty much opaque . It cleared it up in a day ! It 's still brownish from tannins , but is very clear and we can see the fish swim throughout ! Much better than I expected at this price!The fountain head is a little lame-puts out sort of a random pattern , but I have n't tried adjusting it . We just use it with no fountain head and the water sort of burbles out the tube and down into the pond . I see bubbles being pulled underwater , so I 'm confident it is aerating the pond water .
 Easy to use . Effective filter that is easy to clean . Nice little pump . What more could you ask for ? My 100 gal . ornamental pond develops algae rather quickly . The pump helps to filter it out of the water column .
 Easy to set up - Easy to clean - Fountain nozzle is a bit fussy to adjust but keeps its setting without working loose
 I have a 50 gallon outdoor pond . This filter is the easiest one to clean I have owned.Working great in my little pond with 5 huge goldfish .
 I have tried so many different filters for my fish pool from Home Depot , then spotted this , read the reviews ... ordered , it arrived and I can not say enough about how quickly my Koi pool cleared up ... cleaning it is so aimple ... I very very highly recommend this product . It is fantastic .
 arrived within a week , works perfect for our little pond , we have to pull it out and hose off the filter every week but it 's really easy to do . We have a turtle and quite a few fish in our pond and this is keeping the water clean . Fountain is somewhat adjustable .
 The Pondmaster PMK190 , is a good product for the money . Quite functional . The down side to this unit is the size of the tube and bell fountain head . The tube is a non standard size and finding different fountain heads at your local home improvement store is impossible . Also with the filter being submerge its kinda a pain to clean , frequent cleaning is a must depending on your area and what is in your pond . Product does what it claims , and is good value for the price.update - now 3 years later , with regular maintenance I still am using the original filters !! I have a large frog family living in my pond having babies and they love this pump , changed the fountain head for a two tier design is great !! would be a 5 star except for non standard tube size.UPDATE
 I have a ~ 150-200 gallon pond with 7 goldfish , lily pads and a couple other plants . I had great luck through the warm months , but as Fall came too many leaves were getting into the pond and breaking down between cleanings , causing sediment throughout the water . I actually waited far too long to find this set up -- since I got it , I have cleaned it three times in two days because it is highly efficient at pulling the muck from your pond water ! Since it only takes about 30 seconds to spray out the filters and pop them back in , you can really get this to do a lot of work in a short amount of time . I will agree with others that it does want to tip over , especially if you have an uneven bottom or any currents . So far I have managed to balance it , but I may tie it or weight it once I am cleaning the filters less often . It is still by far the best deal and best solution I have seen for a small backyard pond .
 We decided to upgrade our pond pump and went with this one as the description matched our needs . We received the pump timely and it was exactly as described ! We took it out of the box , placed it in the pond and plugged it in ! It was easy , it works just as it is supposed to and the fountain head looks great ! We would purchase from this business again ! Thx !
 I was very relieved to find this product so that I could take my goldfish from my indoor tank and put them into their summer home in my garden pond for the summer . When trying to locate my pump from the previous years , my husband and I were unable to find it . I looked locally and found nothing ! There was no way that my poor fish could stay in the house where their tank gets a bit warm and could get dangerous for them . As a last ditch attempt to find one , I went on Amazon ; low and behold there was the exact pump that I was looking for ! I was very much relieved and thankful . Now my fish are safely in the cooler garden pond with the new pump cheerfully pumping away with a very relaxing fountain in the middle . Thank you so much for your product and for the prompt , hassle free service.Brenda Tripodes
 i have had this pump for 2 years and it died this summer so i had to order another one for my turtle pond - it keeps an opening in the ice so they make it through the winter . . i could not find a replacement locally ... it is the best - worked all through 2 winters at 30 degrees
 The Pondmaster pump Was the fastest delivery I ever had . The pump works great . Good seller.Pondmaster PMK1350 Pond Filter with 350-GPH Pump and Bonus Fountain Head
 I bought this filter/pump and am using it in a 60 gallon `` tough-tub '' plastic container with gold fish , a crayfish , and mosquito fish . I have bog plants installed as well . This pump has been running quietly for the past 6 weeks with no pressure drop at all . The water is crystal clear , and my fish are thriving . I will wait another 6 weeks before rinsing the filter . Overall , I am satisfied with this pump/filter . Another plus is that it is made in the USA . I will update this as time goes on , but as of now , I am a happy customer .
 rented a home with a neglected pond and wanted to try to clean it up without investing too much . after a month of use it has really helped cleanup a brown sink hole into a nice clear environment for our goldfish . is somewhat of an inconvenience to clean , i have not been able to keep it submerged without placing a stone on it . the fountain gives a nice effect . it only provides a mechanical filter , if that is what you need for a small -LRB- < 300 gal -RRB- pond this should work fine .
 I have about 40 tilapia in my tank ranging from 10 '' to 12 '' plus a few plecos . The tank is 225 gals . I am running an Aquaponices system and the grow bed media was keeping the water clean when the fish were smaller . Before I got this filter , the water got so dirty that I could no longer see the fish.I installed this pump and filter combo in less than a minute . The next day I could see the fish . After two days and five times cleaning the filter the water is very clean . I have to clean the filters every day but it is easy .
 This item works amazingly . Cleared the water very quickly and cleaning the media that catches all the muck is easily removed for cleaning . Very happy with this product .
 We have a small pond -LRB- 55 gals . -RRB- When after about 8 years , the pump failed , I did my best to replace with another of these . We let it just sit there with mosquito repellent for a whole year till I found another . The big filter is just what 's needed in a warm climate , and saves frequent cleanings . It 's hard to get at the pond because of overhanging branches , and this keeps the water cleaner longer than anything else we tried .
 The pump is exactly what I needed for my small pond . Works great and the fountain has great eye appeal .
 We purchased parts and components to convert a wall in a rarely used 3-foot wide hallway into storage .5 long shelves and parts , and wall support brackets later , and we have a very solid wall storage unit , loaded with cans , jars and cases of cans of food , and miscellaneous stuff . Easy to install . I am not completely sure the price of some components is justified , but the 12-inch wide shelves worked where we needed them , and getting just the parts we needed was nice . We bought long shelf units and had to cut 1-foot off of each shelf . A good bolt cutter when through them like butter.Not sure about the difficulty of cleaning them the other reviewer complained about . We have a lot of different closetmaid shelves -LRB- again , I 'm annoyed at the price , but the quality is there -RRB- . I would n't mind seeing a cheaper solution , but I do n't think I 'll have to replace them .
 The item is simple and does the job it is should . What more can you say about a burnisher .
 Needed a burnisher to sharpen all my scrappers , this tool does the job and the price was right . Exactly as advertised .
 Works great . Only used it 3 times so far , but it 's better than my drill bits to burnish with . My bits scratch and so far , this has n't .
 Product was as advertised . Good delivery . Have n't used it yet . Bought it with a scraper from the same company . Price seems a little high for a simple tool , but it 's a bit of a specialty item .
 We had been searching for a solar address rock for several months in order to complete the landscaping in our front yard . . It completed the look we wanted !
 Has worked well since day one , even when partially buried in snow and in temps below freezing . Do n't really care for the fake butterfly and flower motif , rock would look better if it was plain . But it lights up very nicely .
 In redoing a powder room , this sink looked perfect . However , I thought it came with the pedestal . Through delays in shipping , a broken pedestal the final outcome is beautiful . Room for soap dispenser , it look clean and sleek . It is BIG . Love it!Btw , amazon return and customer service was excellent . Thank you .
 I purchased this product because I make wood projects , some with segmented rings , and this makes that easier to cut the segments .
 I just love well made fine tuned tools - and this is one of them . I 've used the sled for several projects since I purchased it and find it very accurate and easy to set up . I recently made some cabinet doors and it made a huge difference in how everything fit together . I was using a Dewalt 12 '' sliding miter to cut the rails and stiles . Being off just 1/32 is very noticable and the miter saw just does n't align so easily . The sled arrives set up for installion on the left side of the blade , which makes the measurement gauges incorrect for use on the right side of the blade . A quick call to Incra and they sent inserts for right side operation . The only thing I do n't like is the allen wrench screws for the miter gauge fence . When cutting double end 45 's it 's necessary to adjust the fence to clear the blade . It 's a real pain having to keep track of the allen wrench . Thumb screws/wing nut type fastners would have been a better choice . I like the way it is easily removed to allow for cutting large material . Big Leroy 's was very helpful and explained the differences between the Incra 5000 and the Incra Express .
 This really makes it possible to cut small parts safely . The best thing is that you can actually clamp parts down before cutting them which gives you very good accuaracy . I use it with my 1000SE . Its also great because you can clamp jigs down to make repeatable cuts over and over .
 I typically make my own jigs , sleds , and fences but I went ahead and shelled out the cash to give it a try . The Incra products are pricey but well made . What you pay for , in my opinion , is not the laminated sled but rather the metal components that fit in your guides or hold the individual laminate pieces . All is fine tuned to slide smoothly but not wiggle . I do not regret the purchase and a sled is often used .
 The Incra Miterexpress has been just what I needed for making angle cuts w / my table saw which were hitherto nearly impossible to achieve !!! Used with the Incra Miter , it has become my favorite table saw option . Operations which were very iffy to attempt are now EASY !
 I started woodworking as a hobby about two years ago . I should have purchased this item LONG ago ! I am very pleased with the quality and accurateness of this item . It was also easy to assemble . You just need to read the instuctions COMPLETELY before starting . I learned this from other buyers . It took less than 20 minutes for me to assemble it.Incra now has me as a lifetime customer !
 I 've been looking for some upgrades to make my table saw feel more controlled , and therefore safer.This sliding table is well thought out , and very easy to use . There are already a number of good reviews out there , so I wo n't bother to repeat that which has been said already . I 'd recommend this tool .
 I am doing my kitchen with mitered door frames and drawer frames . This sled , paired with my Incra 100SE are fantastic , and provide dead on miters . If you already own a good miter -LRB- Incra Preferred -RRB- get this sled , but if you are purchasing with the Incra miter gauge included , go for the Miter5000 , as the sled is larger in area , and the included 3000 gauge is a fantastic combo.Only downside on this design , is the sled is the exact same color as the so popular Freud coated blades , and that makes it difficult to see the blade for safety 's sake . I solved it by putting some yellow mylar adhesive tape along the slot to provide contrast with the red blade . Not an issue if you stay away from the coated blades .
 The Incra Mitre Express is a well - designed table saw sled for the price . The alternatives are poor choices . The only other choice would be the Bridge City Toolworks sled that costs over $ 600 . Of course if you have $ 600 for a table saw sled the BCToolworks is an incredible tool . The Inra model is easily assembled due to its design . It takes about an hour to put together if you do n't know what your doing . It is such a joy to be able to cut precise 90 degree crosscuts . It also increases the width of cuts you can make up to 24 inches . My only complaint is that the optional T-slot piece that attaches to the main sled does not fit in the space created for it . The piece sticks out beyond the sled and is inconsistent with the precision of the other parts . Having the T-slot for my Sawstop would have been an extra degree of control in the sled movement and create more stability . Even without this , the Incra model is a great bargain for the price . Keep in mind that when you use a sled you decrease the height of your tablesaw blade . A minor problem when you 're cross cutting thick lumber .
 This is good for making angle cuts on wide pieces . If you 're simply cross-cutting at 90 degrees then make your own cross cut sled .
 This is exactly what somebody should expect from Incra products . Sled looks tiny compare to other sleds on the market , but it cuts a 96x20 '' 3/4-panel to ideal 90 degree cross-cuts .
 These screen work perfectly , they fit nicely in my windows , and expand to fit . They even work when placed vertically . They are perfect for apartments , or if you want to get fresh air without investing in full window screens .
 The negative of this is the handle 's a bit short , and if you needed to squeeze into a tight space it might be hard due to the other side . The pro is that you get two head sizes in one . Yes , one could simply get an adapter plug on , but this is just easier.If it ALSO incorporated the same company 's twist-and-extend handle , I 'd give it five stars . Then it would truly be perfect for travel .
 I 'm restoring an old Miata and after swapping the engine discovered I needed to remove the intake manifold to make various connections . I rounded off one of the lower intake manifold nuts -LRB- one you ca n't see from any angle , and can only get to by feel . -RRB- Other attempts to remove it only made things worse.I ordered a set of 7 metric 3/8 '' drive grip-tite sockets , and it worked like a charm ! , removing a pretty mangled nut without a problem . This saved me from having to remove the engine again . Strongly recommended.I now consider these an essentail part of my tool box , and am ordering a US/inch set .
 i ca n't believe i never had a set of these in the past . they are fantastic and worked exactly as described . after fighting with a rounded nut for an hour , trying pliers , channel locks , visegrips , etc , i gave up and went searching for a better solution . trust me , this is it . they worked on the first try . no home tool box should be without these .
 great for rounded or rusty nuts and bolts . I use it taking apart old cars
 Finally a socket that actually holds the bolt or nut and does n't round of the edges . What a concept .
 My ex thinks these are great . He owns a used car lot and does a little work himself and has a mechanic . They use them all the time . I bought them a year and a half ago and they are still in good shape .
 i had purchased a Hunter 70-inch ceiling fan , the Stockbridge , and needed a downrod to install it from a 20 ' ceiling . The 60 '' new bronze downrod from Hunter was just the answer and was a conveniently available from Amazon . Within days , the part arrived , and the installation was a breeze . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I am always using my drill and have a lazy habit of not drilling pilot holes , but using the driver bits to drive screws into 2x4s straight from the drill . I have stripped the screw slots on galvanized screws , but these bits do n't even have a scratch on them - AND they can pull the damaged screws right back out of the wood.Just about every drill bit and screwdriver attachment the regular hobbyist will ever need , in an easy to use case w / snap-in slots for each bit and driver and the case keeps moisture away from your bits .
 Have been landscaping for 36 years . These are the best gloves I have ever used . The Lined pigskin really is durable -LRB- for some reason un-lined pigskin gloves do not last nearly as long -RRB- . After getting get wet on a daily basis they are flexible again after drying out ! One of my emloyees , who has been landscaping 33 years , says they are best gloves he has ever used also !
 I picked up a beat up guitar really cheap , but it had a couple of high frets that I had to file down . After filing , I needed to recrown a couple of frets . This thing worked great .
 I could n't find a replacement blade at Lowe 's or Home Depot , I went on the web , found this one , it 's the OEM for my saw and I 'm sawing once again .
 I will agree with the other reviewer that for the price offered here , this lantern is certainly NOT worth the money . However , I recently ordered , and received , two such lanterns from a competitor for $ 10 each , on sale . -LRB- Their normal price is $ 14.95 -RRB- . Considering that the shipping for two of these was only $ 7.95 , I am EXTREMELY happy with them.True , while these lanterns may not be made the way they were say 50-100 years ago , they still are a great value , if priced right . Both put out extreme decent amounts of light for simple wick lanterns , and they are huge at 15 inches tall . As someone who is actively interested in simple , off-the-grid living , they give off a lot of `` bang for the buck '' . . again , if priced right.If Amazon ever gets their pricing within reason , I may order a couple from them . But not 'till then.Product
 This set includes every amp fuse you will need for mini blade fuse boxes , it also comes in a metal/plastic box which is a bonus . Get one for every vehicle and throw it in the glove box , it 's better to be safe than sorry .
 I needed a fuse puller to replace one missing in a used car I bought . The assortment of mini fuses was a bonus . The whole package was less than buying a puller .
 Product easy to mount on platform . Seems well made . Previous mailbox -LRB- same brand -RRB- held up for 10 years , then door hinge broke.Door latch requires a bit of force to close ; that would be GOOD as door is very secure once closed , but apparently this effort is too much for our mail delivery person .
 With this rustic Rural Barn Mailbox , you 'll be the envy of all your redneck neighbors ... but your letter carrier may complain of sore fingers . The knob you use to open the box has some sharp edges around it , and the plastic latch on the roof holds the barn door closed so securely that you really have to tug hard to access your mail . I used an exacto knife to shave an extremely miniscule bit of plastic off of the tab on the door , and that has helped a little . Of course , I do n't want to take too much off for fear of fixing it so the door wo n't stay closed at all.Aside from the door issue , the Flambeau Barn Mailbox is perfect . It 's not the loud , fire engine red you see in the internet images ; it 's actually a more subdued brick red . It 's ruggedly constructed and the surface is intricately molded to look like old wooden boards and shingles . It measures approximately 10 inches wide , by 11 and a half inches high , by 20 inches long . It has four holes in the bottom for mounting , but it does NOT come with the necessary # 10 1-inch screws ... or the short little screwdriver you 'll need to work inside the box.So , if you 're tired of that plain old black mailbox , you might want to try this Flambeautiful red barn for a change . Just remember to open and close the door with extreme caution .
 This is a functional and economical street-side mailbox and matches our existing grey horse barn !! We had to drill new holes to fit the existing wrought iron post but a power drill did the job easily . As other reviewers have noted , letter carriers and mother 's - in-law ca n't seem to close the access flap . I have no problem though . An excellent value !!
 My husband wanted this mailbox because of the roof line on it is true to a barn roof . The color is good but the latch has some troubles staying closed . Gail
 Is it a barn or a mailbox ? It 's both ! Get this for your insane mother in law
 Nice mailbox , very spacious.Two cons :1 - the edges of the plastic on the door knob are a bit sharper than necessary . But I 'm sure if I could go out there an easily smooth it out a bit .2 - The door does need to be closed tightly . Myself and the mail person often do n't shut it tight and we find it open fairly frequent . It feels like it shut , and there 's a bit of a snap , but it 's not , it needs to be snapped in good . Other than leaving a note for the mail person on the door , I 'm not sure what else to do about that . It 's obnoxious , but not a deal breaker . If you do make sure you snap it shut , it does stay shut well!We are happy with this purchase !
 I 've had an identical mailbox for 20 years but the door got broken . Could n't find this in any store in my area .
 I love the mail box , it 's a little bigger than I anticipated ... but as soon as our weather permits will put it out for all to see & admire , thanks
 Great mailbox that will hold up to anything -LRB- except a baseball bat used by neighborhood delinquents -RRB- . Replaces the same mailbox that I have used for 10 + years . It also is an easy landmark for guests that are looking for our house . The Red Barn style is quite distinctive .
 I would definately order from them again . It came fast as promised . And the product was outstanding !
 We are horse people and love the country look . This mailbox holds everything includingnewspapers and magazines . It keeps it all nice and dry in the rain . We purchased this one as a backup to the one that we have already had in service for over 8 years . Who knows how long the current one will last . It has not faded or cracked in the sun . The mailbox we ordered arrived in perfect condition and even faster than predicted . I canheartily recommend this product . FLAMBEAU PRODUCTS T1003 RED BARN MAILBOX
 Loved my barn mailbox . It is the only one on our road . Great direction item for someone looking for our house .
 Love this and came out pt together . A little flimsy on the door , but still love it ! It looks great in front of my rural home .
 I think this mailbox is so cute . I had this style for 12yrs but it was recently damaged . I was so happy to find this item on Amazon . The only complaint I have is the door does n't close easy , you really need to push it hard .
 The Red Barn Mailbox is exactly what I wanted to replace my old box . The seller 's service was super fast and the item was well packaged . The plastic box is tough and sturdy and a nice large size . It has predrilled holes in the bottom that make it easy to install . My last Red Barn Box lasted over 20 years before the postal service managed to pull the door off of it . I hope this one does as well .
 We love our new mailbox , it works well and is very sturdy - high quality . Cute as can be , especially for our little farm !
 Our barn mailbox is really nice , it matches our little barn in our yard.We are pleased with the construction of the box . The lid is easy to open andclose . We think it adds to our country type home , with the color and size it isperfect compliment to our place .
 People have been complaining the box is too hard to open/close ... and they 're right . But ... with the smallest amount of `` problem solving '' ability , one takes a file or a sharp blade -LRB- carefully -RRB- and shaves the plastic piece the door holds on to . Bingo ... problem solved and you have a great item for short money.Some of my neighbors spend a hundred dollars or more for a mailbox . OMG ... it is after all ... only a box .
 Previously had this mailbox and loved it . Happy to have it again . It does close a little hard though and the flag also binds a little . Properly represented and quickly shipped .
 I am Greatly Pleased with my Red Barn Mailbox . It came quickly and was in perfect condition . The price was fantastic .
 I wondered how much I 'd have to clean up after using the Grizzly planar -- very little once I attached the hood and My small vacuuming system .
 I ran the planer w/o a dust hood , cleaned up , then tried to make my own . I finally went ahead and purchased this one , and it works as promised . Another Grizzly product which is reasonably priced and does exactly what it is supposed to do . Recommended , especially if you are tired of cleaning up wood shavings from the planer !
 I have several Grizzly power tools , and they are all very satisfactory . The Grizzly company is also good folks to deal with . A Band Saw I ordered from them was damaged in shipment , and Grizzly replaced the damaged parts quickly with no hassle at all !!! Rod in Texas
 The item came very quickly and works perfectly . I bought it to retrofit to my Delta planer and only had to drill -LRB- 2 -RRB- new mounting holes . It works great !
 Bigger -LRB- 71/2 '' long x 2 '' at the widest -RRB- than I thought it would be . Seems like it could be made way smaller . Larger than quite a few of other convertible lights -LRB- in this price range -RRB- , but not all . Anyways , the magnetic end -LRB- pretty strong -RRB- -LRB- as the picture shows the shorter part at the end of the black grip -RRB- unscrews and screws into the top of the flashlight head . It then becomes a lantern . If you lose this piece , you lose the `` lantern '' The top of the screw-in reflects the light outward . Good as an area light , pretty wide coverage . You get kind of a thick-ish band of brighter light and a softer larger area light . Enough for a tent certainly . Good as a flashlight , 3 mode with bright being pretty bright . Mostly a concentrated `` spot '' beam . White , white light . The low setting is fairly bright and will be enough in most cases . The flasher is a strobe . Hanging clip and well thought out magnet placement as it is always at either end in either mode -LRB- flashlight / lantern -RRB- If it were designed a bit more compact it would get 5 stars , especially for the price of 10 bucksComparison to ones I own / same basic price range except the Eureka ! Glide 115 - Lantern/Flashlight -LRB- and I have reviewed them all -RRB- : Silver Grey Waterproof CREEQ5 Led Camping Lantern Flashlight Torch Lamp 180 Lumens 3-Mode ... This one is more compact , better flashlight -LRB- more lumens -RRB- area light about the same but can use a 14500 battery and then this thing is ultimately better . Definitely a top five or better pick ... Stansport Rubber L.E.D. Flash and Stretch Light ... This one is more compact . Single mode works ok as a flashlight and area light , borderline `` fair '' not great . Price has come down on this one -LRB- under 6 bucks now was 8 + -RRB- Lighter weight best suited for backpacking where you would sacrifice lumens for weight . Longest run time of all of them . Would work fine in a one man-small 2 man tent.Weather X FR182R NOAA Weather Band and AM/FM Radio with Flashlight/Lantern - Red/Black ... Superior area light than all of them . Better flashlight in terms of lumens than only the Stansport but still plenty bright . Larger but you have AM/FM/Weather radio , siren . If size/weight is not a concern , best all around unit with the most features . Larger than all of them and about 13-15 bucksEureka ! Glide 115 - Lantern/Flashlight ... Good area light , better than all but the Weather X FR182R , great flashlight . With this one you get a light weight , compact unit with a bright flashlight . In terms of portability , compactness , lightweight , brightness , etc this would be the one , also around 25 bucks ...
 This is probably the most efficient/economical way that there is to hold down my mowers on the trailer . I could also use chains/straps to tie down but they would take too long . I could use a Pro-locker but they are significantly more expensive.This is my go-to tie down for 3 of my mowers .
 I 'm using . This for a 240v breaker in my workshop ... Works most excellent . . Handles the load well . I would by another if needed
 A much better buy than going to the local Home Depot , Lowes , Orchard Supply , or Ace Hardware store . Plus , it 's the same product , and works just fine in adding circuits to an old 1951 house with a newer , but now obsolete , Zinsco panel .
 It fit my antique 8 Air Pilot lantern like a charm . Has `` Dietz '' etched on glass on one side in small letters . I was pleased to find this item !
 The assembly was straightforward and simple . We even added our own `` free '' table by cutting a hole in the middle of our outdoor metal coffee table and slippinng it over the stand during assembly . If you do n't want to spend money for the additional add-on table that was not rated well . We found that this fan was exactly what was needed for our decorating and eliminated the need to install electricity into our portico for a ceiling fan .
 I ordered the Oasis fan , light and table . I love the fan & light but not the table . The fan is very nice looking easy to assemble and runs very smoothly .
 I LOVE THIS FAN . WE SIT OUTSIDE AND EVEN ON HOT MUGGY NIGHTS WE ARE NOT ONLY COOL BUT THE BUGS DO N'T BOTHER US . I AM THE HIT OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD NOW , FRIENDS LOVE TO STOP IN TO COOL OFF ON HOT EVENINGS.S
 I built a custom home 3 years ago , and wondered why most of the light bulbs that the electrician installed lasted so long , while I had to replace ones I had put in after only a few months . After some investigation , I discovered that light bulbs are built to last for `` x '' hours . Most of the ones you buy in the store are made to last a few months , so you have to keep replacing them . Electricity surges will also shorten the life of a bulb.The `` lifetime bulbs '' are very long lasting light bulbs . They are rated to last 20,000 hours and most of the ones I have purchased in the past have done that , or exceeded that . I have had a few in certain sockets that do n't last as long , but this seems to be related to the socket , and not the bulb.I have not tested the company to see if they would replace a bulb as they guarantee , because I am so happy that 90 % of the ones that I bought have worked as advertised . I have had some in use for 21/2 years without failure.I highly reccomend these bulbs .
 I live in a old house with very tall ceilings . These lightbulbs are perfect for my house . It takes a tall ladder to put in lightbulbs , so these lightbulbs are perfect for installation . They also last practically forever , so I wo n't have to use the ladder so often .
 bought this piece to add to the collection . love how you just have to lift the handle to change the roll . you dont have to worry about dropping the bar and it rolling around . the finish is great too !
 It looks good and works as expected . Mounting it was pretty simple with provided template . Hey it 's a toilet paper holder , so there 's not that much to get all ga-ga about is there ?
 I like this item and it is real metal not that fake stuff and it is beautiful
 Great style , finish , and quality . Goes great with our Old World European house and furnishings . Love the quick refill feature ... one end pivots upward to slide roll on/off .
 This valve is a must have item if you have a tankless water heater . It keeps the temperature at a very constant temperature . Ends the fluctuation in temperature problem I was having . It was easy to install into my existing system . One tip I have is do not over-tighten the assembly nuts , I did make the nuts too tight and it leaked , but when I loosened the nuts up a little the leaking stopped .
 I received the product in a most expedient manner and it met all my expectations matching the online description perfectly . I am using it to make metal roofing for miniature buildings . I am very pleased .
 I bought this strip timer for my fish tank . I had lots of accessories and I wanted to have the lights timed just rite . Because I use this for saltwater I only wanted to have the powerful lights on for a few hours a day . Works like it says and as long as you can read it sets up easy and keeps good time ; also it 's about $ 20 cheaper than its competitors . A great buy .
 I have 2 of these , running the lights and pumps on my 80 gal fish tank . So for they are operating well . Great value .
 Bought two of these . One for my germination station and one for my night light . I have two shelves with two lights on my germination station plugged in to the timer . These units have worked endlessly for over a year now . I like these way better than the single timer that you usually purchase at the local drugstore .
 Ok , granted I bought this for attaching my wort chiller to my indoor sink as a home brewing aid rather than drain king . worked PERFECT . Much cheaper than buying a adapter and hose separate .5 stars all around
 It 's a hose and it works just fine . It does n't seem to be cheaply made . Not much more to say than that .
 The Amerimax Home Aluminum Flashing # 68414 is an outstanding product . The material finish is great and the sheet thickness is exactly as described -LRB- .014 '' -RRB- . I would highly recommend this item .
 They work great when you 're using the chimney starter and dumping hot coals onto the grill .
 I spotted these in Cook 's Illustrated ; they were a highly recommended best buy ... A father 's day gift `` from the kids , '' my boyfriend is so very happy with these gloves . With them , he can easily move the hot grill grates around , which was always a tricky prospect before.The gloves are really soft inside , and he has had no problems with the fit , and he is not a big guy .
 These gloves work great with my weber performer grill . I only use lump charcoal and due to it 's intense heat , it can be a little hazardous . These gloves allow me to handle a hot grate and move the charcoal baskets around , while loaded with red hot coals without loosing any more hair off my arms .
 excellent mask . reasonably comfortable . does a good job with fine redwood burl dust from sanding . My lungs are greatful
 this thing works ! it is awesome . It is the most comfortable respirator I 've used . With the filters in , I could n't even smell the burning pizza I had in the oven .
 This respirator is comfortable enough to wear ALL DAY -- and I 'm a claustrophobic , image conscious , and generally safety-ignorant person . When wearing it , you ca n't even smell heavy duty solvents , no dust gets through , and you feel good . Does n't even fog your glasses . I bought this on the advice of The Wood Whisperer and it 's been a GREAT item to have on hand.HIGHLY recommended . When else can you get comfortable safety on the cheap ?
 It is a pleasure to wear this mask . It is very comfortable , soft and adapt to my face very well . I do paint cars , and the toxic fume is horrible , but fortunately , when I 'm wearing this mask , I can not smell anything at all . I do wash it after each use .
 I have a very large face with a beard . This mask really fits tight . Also , is hass a quick disconnect on the lower band which is nice so you do not have to readjust each time you take it off.I highly recommend this mask .
 So , I had an AO Safety mask that I bought at Home Depot . It worked , was comfortable , and my only complaint was that one strap broke after a year or so , which I repaired with duct tape.Someone I know recommended this mask , the 3M , as super comfortable , so I decided to give it a try , and so far , it 's been the upgrade of the year . It 's more comfortable on my face , if only because it 's slightly larger . It weighs much less , since I can just put on the pink filters for wood dust if I do n't need the organic cartridges . It unclips behind my neck , so that I 'm unlikely to break that strap again pulling it off of my head.And best yet , the exhaust port fires downward , so that if I breathe out , I do n't hit what I was working on , and do n't fog my goggles . All around winner , there .
 Needed them to splice a wireing harness back together on a project car . Just a good product that got the job done .
 These look and work much better than the Leviton ones I tried from Lowes . They install much easier and do n't require you to release the plug from the wall at all . They also fit much more snug to the wall and cover the outlet box better . I just wish they were available via prime shipping but it seems Amazon is always out of stock . I got them through Amazon on AceHardware direct .
 I 've bought some from Lowes and Homedepot , and most are not as seamless as this product . I 've replaced my whole house with the Cooper Aspire Screwless Wallplates and love them.While I replaced all my outlets and switches along with the Wallplates , these do not require you to unscrew the existing outlets to put the insert behind them . These also fit much better and are flush to the wall , while other brands were not one solid piece on the sides and gave a `` layered '' look.I 've also found these are easier to take off than other brands -LRB- yet secure enough I ca n't pull/pry them off with my hand -RRB- if you ever need to paint or replace the outlet .
 I like a clean finished installation and these faceplates look very nice . I am satisfied . Faceplates are a simple product so there is not much else to say .
 I wanted a screwless wallplate for an outlet on my backsplash , and since the backsplash was a bit uneven , this one was MUCH easier to install than the Lutron one . Definitely recommended .
 High quality , well-designed decorator wallplates that are easy to install . See my review of the 6-gang Aspire 9526WS wallplate for a bit more detail .
 Aspire gangle plates are very nice , clean lines and sophisticated when converting to screwless light controls .
 I just ordered 10 of them @ 3.99 each with free shipping . I 'll update my review when they arrive.I 've bought these from Lowes before and they look great and are easy to install . What I like most , besides the fact that they are screwless , is that they are slightly oversized , compared to usual wall plates , and cover the outlet box and wall better , especially when there are slight wall imperfections around an outlet box.UPDATE
 There is not much you can say about this product other that it is made well , reasonably priced and serves the intended purpose without any problem .
 I 've bought some from Lowes and Homedepot , and most are not as seamless as this product . I 've replaced my whole house with the Cooper Aspire Screwless Wallplates and love them.While I replaced all my outlets and switches along with the Wallplates , these do not require you to unscrew the existing outlets to put the insert behind them . These also fit much better and are flush to the wall , while other brands were not one solid piece on the sides and gave a `` layered '' look.I 've also found these are easier to take off than other brands -LRB- yet secure enough I ca n't pull/pry them off with my hand -RRB- if you ever need to paint or replace the outlet .
 These look and work much better than the Leviton ones I tried from Lowes . They install much easier and do n't require you to release the plug from the wall at all . They also fit much more snug to the wall and cover the outlet box better . I just wish they were available via prime shipping .
 Elegant replacement of older style gang plates . Snaps in and out , installs flush against the wall . A tiny bit bigger than the standard , so it hides the damage done when removing old painted-over plates .
 I have a light switch dimmer next to a regular light switch , and wanted a screwless wallplate to cover them . Since the dimmer switch has a wider piece of metal running along each side , I realized that a Lutron screwless wallplate would n't work because I would n't be able to fit the notched piece over anything on the dimmer switch . After a bit of research , I came across The Cooper Aspire wallplates , and it was INCREDIBLY easy to install ... no hassles , and no difficulties trying to fit 2 notched pieces over 2 switches on top and bottom . Definitely the way to go !!
 Aspire gangle plates are very nice , clean lines and sophisticated when converting to screwless light controls .
 Amazing staples ! They work as promised
 I used these staples on my 4 ` x8 ft framed canvas for a large painting and needed staples that do not corrode due to our weather . Pricey , but worth it !
 Just a short note on these staples . You can buy them for half the price at Home Depot . I paid $ 9.50 for a box of 1000 .
 The product is exactly what I expected , staples . The problem is that all four boxes I received -LRB- 2 ea on two seperate orders -RRB- were broken . The staples must have been handled rough becaues there was not even one complete row of staples that was still intact , it made it harder to get them in the staple gun when they are in small pieces . In addition , these are very , very expensive staples and I hated to throw away the many singles that had come off due to the rough handling.Bottom line , buy them from a hardware store where you can inspect them first to make sure they are not broken .
 I reupholstered a boat and needed staples that would n't rust . I have purchased these from other sources and payed more . So was happy to get them at a decent price .
 These staples work as expected . Monel is the only metal that can stand up to repeated salt water exposure . I used these to tack down carpet covers for bunks on my boat trailer . They hold up well to the elements and fasten strongly . Only 4 stars as they are rather pricey . Monel is expensive to manufacture however . Very satisfied .
 monel is the thing to use for marine app . . this is a very good product . . Arrow Fastener 2599/16 - Inch T25 Round Crown Staples
 I tend to use stainless hardware whether it is indoor or out , as the price difference in the big picture does not make it worth keeping two types around . So this will be my standard 3/8 '' staple . I already have 1/2 '' and would have bought 1/4 '' , but I was not prepared to pay the shipping charge from Amazon marketplace vendors .
 These staples worked well with 1/4 '' tubing to attach to a fence for a patio watering . They fit nicely over the tubing when stapling to the fence . I just wish they were cheaper !
 I 've used these monel staples dozens of times over the past few decades and they have always held up to the most extreme environments . If exposure to the outdoors is expected save yourself a lot of agrivation and spend the extra $ to get something that will last and will not end up rust staining the item -LRB- s -RRB- you stapled . Very highly recommended !
 Right product for the right job . Staples are strong and do n't rust . Using them for marine seats and you go through a lot of them . Just make sure you buy enough if your doing seats .
 This was just what I wanted and needed to set up an outdoor umbrella I was re-covering . The product was perfect and I have completed the job to everyone 's satisfaction.Thank you for the prompt service .
 I have been a pro painter for 30 years . I have found scotch blue the best tape by a long way . Nothing compares . We sometimes do n't remove the tape for 6/12 weeks we still do n't have any glue residue left when the tape is removed . I have used many other brands but why would you ? We get what we pay for .
 Love theses for taping base and ceiling moldings when we paint . Do not cause sticky residue when removed . One inch works plenty enough as I finish the edges with a 1.5 inch purse brush .
 Scotch Blue Painters TapeI 've used many dozens of rolls of this stuff over the years in renovation and remodeling projects.Here 's my take : - The surface where the tape will go has to be clean , dry , and smooth -LRB- otherwise paint could bleed through -RRB- . - Do n't leave tape on any longer than necessary . Try to get it off within a day ; less is better . - To reduce the chance of paint bleeding under the edge , run you fingertip or fingernail along the edge to press it down tight . - Peel it off slowly and off to one side . It 's more likely to tear if pulled off fast or straight.The negatives : - it tears easier than it should because the tape is too thin . - the longer its left on , the more it sticks , and so , the more likely it will damage the surface it was stuck to . You really do n't want to leave this tape on for more than a day.Summary : Blue Tape works OK if you 're careful ...
 Tape works great and at a better price than I can get at the local store . Free shipping with Amazon Prime too !!!
 Wow ! What a step beyond old masking tape ! Where have I been ? Good price for the 4-pack
 I just bought a house in April , and we got straight to painting . The 4 rolls are really nice because you do n't have to wait for someone else ; you can just dive in and start taping your own section / room!Pros : Applies easily -LRB- easy to unroll and stick down -RRB- Sticks to wall -LRB- or fireplace , door frames , etc. -RRB- very wellStays on until removalPeels off cleanNo bleed-throughCons : I found that a wider tape , at LEAST 1.5 inch , would have been better in many areas , like the ceiling especially . I did n't care because the previous owners had already painted all over the ceiling , so it needed work anyways . I was using a standard sized roller . This con is more on me for not using the 1.5 inch!Great product , would and DID buy again !
 Unlike some of the cheaper rolls of masking tape -LRB- $ 1.50 to $ 2.50 ea . -RRB- available , the 3M Blue tape wo n't curl and stick to itself after being stored for a while.It also gives you a cleaner paint line , with less paint bleed through , and lasts for a couple of weeks , inside or out , without sticking to painted surfaces . So in the long run , it is more resistant to the sun , water , and bleeding and is a good item to have around .
 I used to use masking tape in my painting preparation , but never liked it . Last year I used this to protect my walls when I painted the molding inside my house . When I pulled the tape off the walls , it did n't take the paint off with it , like with masking tape . I 'm glad I decided to order the Scotch tape online . I researched the prices in different places , and found this to be the least expensive , because there is no shipping or tax charged . Yesterday I used this outside to protect my windows etc while painting . It was very foggy this morning and raining , so I could n't paint today . It 's been 36 hours since I used the tape it has n't come off the house so far . The roof -LRB- which protrudes over the windows -RRB- may have protected the tape from the rain , but not from this mornings heavy mist , it was a good test . I thought I 'd need more than four rolls to tape round everything , but I only used two rolls , so there 's plenty left for the next project . This is a must for your decorating jobs .
 I find this product a great value for the buck . Adhers well and comes off with ease . Great price for 4 rolls .
 First the good : Tape applies easily and paint does not bleed through it.The Bad : Tape must be taken off very slowly or it tears and in some places has taken paint with it .
 I bought both this and the Frog tape . Ended up preferring this over the Frog . Stuck better and holds an edge just well as long as you make sure secure the edge of the tape .
 This is good tape , but it is cheaper at Orchard Supply Hardware by $ 3 for the same 4 pack . I use it to mark out temporary tennis courts for juniors and it sticks well to the dirty surfaces .
 Very good , easy to secure and remove . Truly an essential painting tool . I 've never had it damage a surface I applied it to . Clean baseboards or other surfaces before you apply it , press down lightly , it helps prevent bleed through and comes off easily . Do n't try to use masking tape as a substitute , it will damage surfaces .
 I 'm a painting contractor and this and scotch 1 inch masking tape , is all i use , I go throu alot of the blue tape
 This tape was produced for painters as it has just enough stick to mask and just too litle stick to pull off what you apply it to . I even use it for drafting tape and many other things around the house . 3M SCOTCH PAINTER 'S TAPE is , of course , perfect for painting projects of any size , for home or comercial applications . It goes on easy and comes off easy , yet it protects the surfaces from paint over sprays and drips ; should I say it does n't leak . Heck ! You probably use it already because it 's so good . But if you have n't tried it , this package is not only a good buy , you will find it lasts long , is for about any job you need to stick something to - that is , besides your angry boss or the government . I have tried other products , copies all , but none performs like this 3M &#34; blue tape &#34; . That 's why I give it a 5 star rating . That 's why I order it before I run out . That 's why I keep using it . It 's just the best .
 This product has worked well for us as we complete our whole home renovations . It is stays put without leaving residue . I use this both on the walls and on the floor when painting . It is best to remove the tape as soon as possible after you complete the job .
 tape helps me paint like a pro . Just have to get the wider version next time . I like it because it tears and sticks easy .
 These drills arrived as described . I used the larger of the drills and it did a fine job . I am new to drilling glass . I 've heard that you should use turpentine as a coolant/lubricant . I did n't bother . The drilling went well , though there were some chips taken out of the initial side of the glass that I would have preferred not to have . Perhaps I need to learn more about the process . I 'm satisfied , what can say about a glass drill ? The price was right .
 Hi ! We bought these to take care of a small set of Christmas lights . Yes it does work ! It makes them flicker and blink ! Hence the main use for them . But here 's the big warning I want everyone to know . DO NOT TOUCH IT AFTER IT 'S IN OPERATION . IT GETS VERY HOT . I just burned my finger 4 days ago from the time of this posting and thankfully only blisters formed . So do not let your kids get close to it let alone touch it . It being an electrical device is enough reason for any kid not to touch it , then add the hot temp .
 Put in a red bulb in a nightlite and create the effect of an indoor security system to deter thieves cheaply and efficiently .
 Many of the lights that come out do not have the capability to blink . Christmas is not christmas without blinking lights . The Cooper wiring outlet pin flasher is just what the doctor ordered . It is very easy to attach to any light set .
 I purchased the cooper flasher and have used them for years , simpe , easy to use and makes a great alarm . Good buy .
 We replaced all our old incandescent Xmas tree lights with LED lights from our local warehouse store that had them at a great price but they did n't have the ability to flash . We though it would n't matter to us and the look of our Xmas tree but we really missed having the twinkling lights so bought 2 of these Pin Flashers and they work great . It 's not a fast on and off but still very effective and now we have a twinkling tree again .
 bought this to make my lights go on and offfor some lights I put in my garden to keepthe deer out .
 Used it on a Christmas tree with LED lights . Plugged a condescent nihth light at end of strain to draw enough juice and it worked fine . Great price . Very happy .
 I bought Blinker or Flasher to other country for my Unique Lantern suddenly they are not work when I testing it.I 'm frustrated that I have no Flasher for my lantern.I try to find to internet online shopping and found the Amazon.com the PIN FLASHER that suitable to my Lantern and they a good price also compare to other online site . So i order 14 pcs . Pin flasher to Grady 's Hardware , Inc. and with in 2 week for international order i received it and all in good condition.Thanks to Amazon.com & Grady 's Hardware , Inc.that i gave my 100 % trusted online shopping.brigs of vancouver , canada
 This is a simple , cheap and convenient in-line 120 V AC , 100 Watts , 0.85 Amps , polarized switch . You plug this switch in a 120 V AC polarized outlet -LRB- the Neutral leg is wider than the Hot leg -RRB- and plug your Christmas decoration cord -LRB- or an indoor appliance light you want to flash and create a nice atmosphere -RRB- in this switch . It switches the light ON and OFF at a frequency of about 3-4 times per second . The switching is done by a bi-metal leg surrounded with a small wire which heats and produces the contact 's movement . The drawback of this switch is that the internal extremely small heating wire burns easily if you plug in it a load larger than 90-100 Watts . I have repaired a few of them but you need a little bit of electrical knowhow to do the job right . It also requires a minimum of 15 milliamps current load to start flashing . If you plug in it incandescent type Christmas lights you are OK . If you plug in it the new type of LED -LRB- Light Emitting Diode -RRB- Christmas decoration lights -LRB- they use very little current -RRB- you would have to plug a small incandescent -LRB- about 5 or 7 Watts -RRB- light at the end of your cord to increase the drawn current and produce the correct flashing.I have used this light flasher for many years during Christmas time and all my neighbors liked my decoration . All my outdoor and indoor decorating lights were controlled by this type of flasher -LRB- I have probably used 10-15 pieces at one time for 10-15 light cords -RRB- . I used to live in New York City area and this type of flasher was available in China town area . Here , in SC I found no store supplying this type of switch -LRB- most of the electrical department sales people did not hear about this item -RRB- . I was searching the net and I am glad I found this site supplying this flasher . The price was a lot cheaper than the ones bought in NY City and the delivery was as listed . I am glad I have discovered this site and I do recommend it to all .
 I purchased two of these flashers for my indoor Christmas lights.As brand new products both worked with my lights but one was getting hot , to the touch , after only a couple of minutes.I contacted the seller and they are sending me a replacement free of charge.I received the free replacement and now ` both ' flashers work great . 8 > -RRB-
 My old flasher for my Christmas tree died a few years ago . Once I figured out what to ask for online , the result was quick and just as expected . The flasher works great !
 It 's works really well.On and off.On and off.On and off . On and off.On ad off.On and off.On and off.Thanks you .
 We needed a few of these for our christmas lights . You ca n't find them in stores locally here . Some have never heard of them . Shows you how behind the times they are . But these little gems work great , even in the outdoors with very cold weather .
 The construction and feel of these tools makes working with them a pleasure . These feel comfortable in large hands and easy to manage fine work .
 I replaced an old , pain in the rear , never closes gate latch . My old one was one of the loops on a lever that drops down to engage a flat bar . What a piece of junk . This thing is a HUGE improvement . It is sold , it locks up tight , and it comes with big lag bolts so that I wo n't be reinstalling and moving this in my soft redwood fencing next winter . This is an awesome lock .
 I replaced my old gate latch with this one and it 's a significant improvement . The old latch was what I imagine are the most common type , the the semi-circular hook that rises up and falls down over the bar . That latch had two problems , first is you had to reach over the gate to open the latch . This is cumbersome to say the least . Second the latch failed to close reliably so it was quite common for the gate to be left unlatched . This latch solves those problems . The latch always closes and the action is very solid . You know the gate is latched . Secondly , it 's easy to open from either side . My owly concern is that the latching mechanism is dependent on a spring to pull the latching mechanism upward . I imagine that the spring will be the first part to fail . Also when I mounted the bracket on the post , the latch did n't move completely freely and rubbed on the post . I put a large washer between the post and the bracket which seemed to fix the problem .
 Product came quickly and the price was better than other choices . Appears well made and the finish was good . Would buy from National again in the future
 Great latch , better than most I can find in hardware stores etc. . Rugged , and works great . Price is excellent as well
 Works as described and has no flaws . It is a larger unit so if you have a smaller -LRB- or thinner -RRB- gate you may want to find a smaller unit .
 The only use I have found for this is to remove battery covers from kids/babies toys . This might seem like a negative comment , but it is actually perfect for this application . Battery covers are notorious for having longer than necessary , finely threaded screws . This little screwdriver makes the annoying task of removing those covers a snap . It also applies just the right amount of torque when putting the covers back on . It may be a very specific use for this screwdriver , but if you have kids , or are a big kid yourself , for a few dollars this is a nice little tool for removing battery covers from toys .
 Ergonomics are good , materials used feel substantial . You will really appreciate the spinning top peice for fast jobs.They are worth the $ $ , they even come in a pleather carrying case.L
 I have owned these for about two months . Therefore they do not have much wear . However first impressions are that they do the job farily well . They are comfortable . The end has a flat piece which roates freely allowing pressure to be applied while turning . The nicest feature is that this is exactly the sizes of phillips , flat head , and torx that I need to work on computers . I have yet to have a screw which this set will not handle .
 I bought this based on other reviews . This screwdriver set was delivered pretty quickly and works very nicely ! I was able to use it to repair a few laptops . The materials seems to be pretty good . I do like the swiveling screwdriver -LRB- what they called the speed zone ? -RRB- , which makes removing screws much faster . Great set to own !
 I work for a large retail computer store and we get lots Laptops in the Tech Shop.This set comes in handy when dealing with Apple , Toshiba and Sony gear because of it 's heads , which are just perfect for the job . The only gripe I have is the case , not the best I have seen for the retail price of the toolset -LRB- $ 79.99 -RRB- .
 I bought these for my wife . She does crafts with them and reefs on them all the time . They do the job and stand up to her abuse .
 I recently had to fix some small electronics , and realized that I did n't have small torx drivers around the house . This is a nice product to have , as most screw kits do n't include very small torx drivers . Items are good quality and come in a nice pleather case . Would buy again .
 Good Sears tools , the tools are working for me and I got a better deal on Amazon , then i did at a couple of other places online .
 This high quality set of drivers are a must have for anyone working with small scale fasteners . Before I found this reasonably priced set , I would often find myself behind the eight ball with a frozen mini phillips screw . I might have the proper size driver , but without the ability to rotate the tool while holding pressure from the top , I would often strip the slot and end up having to drill out the piece . The `` Gear Wrench '' tools rotate on a spindle below the cap and the material that makes up the bit allows the user to apply , hold and release pressure thereby breaking the screw loose without damaging the head . No driver is fool proof , but if you understand the principles loosening over torqued fasteners the `` GearWrench 8057 '' will save you time and money , keep your hair from going gray and add years to your life ! -LRB- well maybe not all that , but they do work well -RRB-
 This is a good product that will stand up to occasional use but probably is n't of the quality you 'd want for daily professional use . Good tools for the price .
 I 've bought some from Lowes and Homedepot , and most are not as seamless as this product . I 've replaced my whole house with the Cooper Aspire Screwless Wallplates and love them.While I replaced all my outlets and switches along with the Wallplates , these do not require you to unscrew the existing outlets to put the insert behind them . These also fit much better and are flush to the wall , while other brands were not one solid piece on the sides and gave a `` layered '' look.I 've also found these are easier to take off than other brands -LRB- yet secure enough I ca n't pull/pry them off with my hand -RRB- if you ever need to paint or replace the outlet .
 Elegant replacement of older style gang plates . Snaps in and out , installs flush against the wall . A tiny bit bigger than the standard , so it hides the damage done when removing old painted-over plates .
 The Lutron plates have a double edge -LRB- like looking at the edge of an Oreo cookie -RRB- that can , over time , collect dust and are harder to clean - and less attractive . This version has a nice edge finish that looks like a solid piece of plastic and is much easier to clean . The design of the cover allows you to tighten and level all of the switches/receptacles while installing the plate . It just works better than the ones you find at the home improvement stores . I am redoing my electrical and installing a lot of dimmers ; I will be replacing all of my plates with this style - they look that good .
 These look and work much better than the Leviton ones I tried from Lowes . They install much easier and do n't require you to release the plug from the wall at all . They also fit much more snug to the wall and cover the outlet box better . I just wish they were available via prime shipping
 Aspire gangle plates are very nice , clean lines and sophisticated when converting to screwless light controls .
 I love the way these look - they match the forte faucets beautifully . So far they have been sturdy and hold large , damp bath towels .
 The entire line of Kohler Forte products are very rich looking . Extremely easy to install . Each of the pieces has a template included for easy installation .
 Solid and sturdy . Simple design looks beautiful . They are a little larger than I would have liked but I 've gotten used to that .
 Purchased this to replace a plastic robe hook that had been mounted on a bathroom door . The old plastic hook gave out one day , . Out of the package , this Kohler hook appears to be well-made and solidly built metal . Hook comes with all necessary screws/mounts , and also includes a paper template for screw installation . It took me about 15 min -LRB- and I am NOT all that handyby any measure -RRB- to install , including using a power drill for making screw holes . There is a part you screw in first , then you place the visible hook part over and install in place by tightening a set screw with an allen wrench -LRB- included -RRB- . The setscrew is in the 6 o'clock position of the hook . Hook has handled heavy wet bathtowels and bath robes without any strain . Should last quite a while.BTW , unlike many things nowadays , it is NOT made in China .
 Wow ! Had these Kohler robe hooks in the brushed nickel finish for a while , finally got around to installing them . They were easy to install , and they look terrific with the other Forte fixtures . Seem to be sturdy - will let you know .
 The hooks are very nice , they have weight to them and are made of metal and not just covered plastic . We expect them to last a very long time .
 As auto painter I tried and used many kind of respirators . I beleive this one it 's the best in the market in its class .
 A very comfortable respirator . I did end up with 2 since the medium was too small for my face . Even on the small side the mask was okay to wear , but the correct size is much more comfortable to wear for longer periods of time . The mask does require a bit of suction to pull the baffles open , so breathing is a bit more laborious . Straps are comfortable and easy to adjust .
 This mask is a good one . I have used others and find this one to offer a better seal and more comfort . I highly recommend this mask for woodworkers .3 M 7500 Series Respirator Half Facepiece Kit With Filters Medium -LRB- No Eye Protection -RRB-
 The 7500 series is the best fitting mask available to someone that ca n't spend tons on BSA equipment.I trust my life to these masks . Paired with the organic cartridges even the most volatile concrete sealers are safe to be around .
 These respirators are great . i wish I had found them years ago . The soft rubber molds to the face and they are quite comfortable , much more so than the inexpensive paper dust masks / surgical masks . I only use them with the pre-filters , which catches just about all of the dust/particulates and just wipe them inside when finished
 I bought this instead of the Trend face shield , for better filtration and it 's real comfortable for wearing for long periods of time , and it works well with my existing face shield for use with woodturning activities primarily . I bought it in medium size and have to play with the straps a bit when I put it on to get it to seal completely around the top of my nose , and I do n't know if the large size would be better in this regard , which is the only reason for not rating it 5 stars .
 Very nice respirator . The silicone is very comfortable on your face . I use this with the dust pre-filters and it works great . Very very nice product and well worth the cost .
 This is the most comfortable respirator I have ever used . It is softer and easier to to get the proper fit than the 3M 6000 series or the Craftsman models I have used in the past .
 Pros
 This keychain light is exactly what I was looking for . I am a registered nurse and I ordered this light so I could have an easy accessible light source for preforming neurological checks on patients . Since the keychain is light , I can secure it to my stethoscope and have it handy at any moment ! The light is bright and I absolutely love it !!!!!
 This product was just right for my purpose . It was light enough to hang as a backdrop for VBS but sturdy enough to paint on . Price was good and shipping was super fast .
 Good quality , does the job . How much more exciting can a bulb be ?
 I bought this set of hand stamps to mark my work tools so no one can try to lay claim to my property . I 've marked brass alloy , cast iron , and steel with the set . The stamps held up great and left easily readable marks using a 24-ounce hammer . The case they come in is metal with a flipping lid that stays closed well so you do n't have to worry about losing the lid . Each spot for the stamps is marked as to which stamp goes where making it easy to keep them in alphabetical and numerical order . The stamps are also made in the USA . Overall a great product .
 Good Quality product , arrived on time.Fair price . well define letters . Decent case.Would buy again What more is there to say ?
 I ordered this , along with some other items for my husband from the Amazon Warehouse deals . Both of us were surprised when it arrived today because it is manufactured in the USA.The quality of this blade is much better than two DeWalt saw blades , made in Mexico , that I paid three times the price for , each , at Lowes last year . This blade is sharper , makes a thinner cut , and saws more quickly through the trim work that he has been doing , with a far cleaner cut than the older DeWalt blade .
 We had remodled our kitchen only to find that the large copper sink we purchased did not leave room for the faucet we had bought . Worse still the faucet matched the prep sink faucet . We found this one on Amazon and it is very close to our original -LRB- The rubbed bronze is even nicer on this one -RRB- . Since it is a wall mount we were able to put it in and it looks perfect .
 This product was delivered in the promised amount of time and was packaged well . Thanks !
 I bought this staple gun a few years back . I am an electronics technician and as such a run a LOT of cables . I really do n't like the staple guns that have straight staples because they have a tendency to stress the insulation of the cable over time . The shape of the Holiday Tacker staples is excellent for any kind of cable runs , not just `` holiday lights '' . The only disadvantage to this purchase is - as others have stated - trying to find refills for the staples . Like I said before , I have had this staple gun for years and only recently did I think to check the net for refills . No store I have ever been to has carried replacements for this staple gun.Overall , it is definitely worth the money .
 We actually have 2 of these and we love them . Been using them for around 10 years . We put up alot of lights each year and this is makes the job so much easier !!! Previous reviewers have commented about refills being hard to find . Here 's a helpful tip ... each year when we take our light down we pull the staple off with needle nose pliers , throw the used staples away and keep the insulators . The insulators can be used over and over again . We found refills for the staples at our local TRUE VALUE HARDWARE store . We buy the Master Mechanic Cable Tacker Staples No. 15 -LRB- # 15532MM 781-252 -RRB- . Occasionally , we do need insulator refills and I usually just use my search engine and find all kinds of places to purchase on-line from .
 Do n't forget the staples ... you 're gon na need them . Excellent for hanging lights and garland during the seasons . Comfortable grip and they 've made it easy to position over the light cord . My lights look great and they 'll look great next year too , great tool .
 My husband use to staple my Christmas light wires ... but with Surebonder stapler he has stop stapling my Christmas light wires and shorting out my lights . I love it !
 I bought this to tack CAT5E cable and some extension cords to the floor molding . It works great , and it 's inexpensive too ! Highly recommended !!
 For the Price U ca n't beat them . Last almost as long as the more expensive brands .
 Be aware that if you 're buying this for plant lighting , you really need the special metal shade to help focus the light . Simply putting this fixture in an open socket will produce near-blinding white light that will illuminate an entire room , but not really ` focused ' where you need it if growing plants.One of the brightest lights I 've ever seen . Period .
 This product was as described and was shipped by the deadline , more or less , although I believe that had I not reminded them of the sale , it would have fallen through the cracks and been late or forgotten completely.Because I had to ask if the sale was going through at the last minute , and because there was no `` Ooops sorry , we 'll expedite that to you for our goof up in the warehouse '' -LRB- why do they always blame the guys in the warehouse , is it their responsibility REALLY ??? , but I digress -RRB- I am forced to rate them as average , and suggest that any prospective patrons that read this review monitor their sale carefully to ensure they 're not forgotten as I was.In a Brick and Mortar store , this would be the same as requiring people to take a number , and then skipping it and not acknowledging the person whose number is being left behind as they try to get the clerk 's attention.And then getting dust for attitude .
 I am very happy with this socket set ! Ratchet wrench is confortable to use and feels great in your hand . The ratcheting mechanism seems to be solid and high quality . The sockets are labeled really well so you can actually see the sizes . The case is laid out nicely and is very durable . I also have the 3/8-inch drive set and love it too ! What a great buy ! Lifetime Warranty ! Way to go GearWrench !
 Experience with the set : I have had this set for about 6 months . I am a full time heavy duty diesel and bus mechanic and use this set everyday with my 18v and 12v 1/4 impact drivers . I ca n't say enough about them . This set is as complete as a 1/4 set comes and they are durable . They take on a lot more than I expected them to . I frequently use the larger sizes with an impact instead of stepping up to my 3/8 drive set.Quality and Finish : The coating on the sockets and the markings look very nice and superior to craftsman or lesser brands of sockets . There are some blemishes on a couple of the sockets and two of the sockets have abnormally small holes in between the drive side and the fastener side preventing them from sitting correctly on my Hansen socket trays . Other than that -LRB- and for most people not using these trays -RRB- they are 10 steps above most socket sets , especially considering the affordable price . While these are not snap-on quality , they serve their purpose extremely well and cost a fraction of the price.Bottom Line : I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SOCKET SET TO ANYONE , including the professional mechanic or technician . I love this set and will most likely buy another for home . Anyone wondering if they are worth the money ... please stop . They are worth every penny . Buy these things and do n't look back .
 The sockets and ratchet themselves are very nice , and the case is indeed laid out well . The only thing that brings this set down is the case lid . One of the other reviews mentioned this ; the sockets get all jumbled up when you move the set around unless youre delicate and it 's facing up the whole time . It 's not a big deal for me since all my tools stay in a stationary box , but for someone who moves around a lot for work this could be a pain . I 'm going to try to glue something flat and rigid to the inside of the case lid to prevent this . Overall it was a good buy , definitely at the better end of all the 1/4 inch stuff I own .
 Great product for the money , not quite the quality of snap on but pretty close , I would recommend this product
 This small 1/4 inch socket set is just what is need for quarter sets . does not round off infact the sockets took some rounded of nuts off saved me on the job .
 This is truly a good set of sockets for the home mechanic to have . I do n't turn wrenches for a living but even if I did , this would still be the set . I 've owned and broken many poor quality wrenches and poorly made tools in my days so I know a thing or two about quality ; but I 'm not going to spend a fortune on these other brands . If money is not an issue to you , then go with the more expensive brands - you know who they are ! I 've used these to break some of the most stubborn bolts without it showing any signs of weakness due to poor quality . Let me also mention how handsome it looks , too ! I also like how the SAE and METRIC have different markings on them , making it easy to distinguish when you 're putting them away . It 's not all that important but it is a nice touch and how thoughtful on Gearwrench 's part . The rachets operate smoothly and feels very solid . It would be nice to have the quick release mechanism on the rachets and and a handle on the case but I can live without .
 I 've bought some from Lowes and Homedepot , and most are not as seamless as this product . I 've replaced my whole house with the Cooper Aspire Screwless Wallplates and love them.While I replaced all my outlets and switches along with the Wallplates , these do not require you to unscrew the existing outlets to put the insert behind them . These also fit much better and are flush to the wall , while other brands were not one solid piece on the sides and gave a `` layered '' look.I 've also found these are easier to take off than other brands -LRB- yet secure enough I ca n't pull/pry them off easily with my hand -RRB- if you ever need to paint or replace the outlet .
 Remodeling my master bathroom and I used the Aspire dark gray and satin steel finish plugs , switches , and plates . Beautiful . Product was shipped in a timely manner and I could not be more pleased .
 This was exactly what i was looking for , im very happy ... . Big box stores dont carry this item in stock FYI
 Checked home depot and lowes . Amazon was almost 1/2 the price . Quality was above average and install was a snap . The screw less wall plates look sharp and get a lot of comments on them from quests .
 These tools are great . They are just what I 've been looking for . They are original , shiney and bright . They also came with their own case , which is very handy .
 Just what I was looking for . Stanley tools equals quality toolsand at a great price . Would recommend .
 I was skeptical abut buying these wrenches because the price was `` too good to believe '' for a branded product like Stanley . However , the strength and finish of these wrenches is extremely impressive and I 'm delighted with the weight , feel and appearance even though I 'm a bit of a tool snob.This product is made in India . This is marked on the box but NOT on the tools themselves . The tools are embossed with the classic , `` Stanley '' logo , which looks pretty good on almost all of the wrenches ; on one of them , the embossing is a little light.For a homeowner who wants a great set of wrenches at a low cost , this is an excellent choice .
 For the price , the quality & the sizes contained in this set , it is a great bargain ... and the holder is easy is very user friendly ... AAA + + +
 Wrenches are hard to mess up , but Stanley still knows how to do them well . These are chrome vanadium with no deformities . And while Snap-On is still # 1 -LRB- or thereabouts -RRB- for serious gearheads , for weekend handymen like me , Stanley delivers , and at a good price .
 The only thing I would change about this set would be the case . It 's not built very well at all .
 These are well finished wrenches for a good price and they also come with an excellent carrying holder .
 Good set , good price . Only downside is that the holder is n't great , but it does keep them together .
 For the money this is a very nice set of wrenches . They have a lifetime warranty on them which partially makes up for the fact that they are made in China . Probably 5 star if made here . The storage case that comes with it is nice . It will be nice to work with wrenches that fit for a change and not keep fighting with a cresent wrench . As always , Amazon was great on their end with the shipping .
 I putter and do a little DIY around the house and on the cars and I am completely satisfied with the quality of these wrenches . These wrenches are bargain priced and , although I was a little sceptical , they have exceeded my expectations . For years I have been making do with crescent wrenches so it is very nice use wrenches that actually fit!The storage rack is very handy , making wrench management easy . The only downside is the carry handle for the rack is flimsy . In fact , the handle was broken during shipping and was unusable . I did not think it was worth the trouble of returning it , as the rack is still usable .
 Great product and great price for personal use ! Definately will order again from seller and received shipment in TWO days !
 The product description stated a case of 1000 seat covers but we received a package of 250 . When we contacted the merchant not only did he reply immediately , he also sent us a new case of 1000 . We were very impressed with their customer service .
 What can I say ? They 're seat protectors . They look just like the ones found in public restrooms . I bought them for my daughter 's school class . They shipped fairly quickly and I had no problems with the order . I would recommend this product .
 i have used a lot of toilet seat covers and most times i have to pile two or more sheets on each other to feel comfortable about being protected . however , only one sheet of this product suffices . additionally , it is green product ! can i give more than 5 stars pleaseeeeeeee ?
 I have oily skin and I use 2 sheets a day to absorb off the oil from my face.works like a charm . best method I found is to put a sheet on a pillow and just plant your face right on it for 30sec each area.really cheap and those packs seem to last forever lol .
 Seat overs are fine . May need two at a time but reduces messy clean ups . My clients uses them when needed .
 The order was received in good time , the pre cut labels were uniform in shape and size , and adhered well . Good product , an alignment tool would aid application .
 I know it says its a kit in the product description but , unless you want to make hundreds of fine solder joints , avoid this guy . I bought it for my nephew without realizing this fact . I ended up gibing it away after doing the first several steps myself as it became more of a job than fun .
 I have been using this lamp in my kitchen recessed fixtures for a while now . The color of light is natural . The flood spread is good . They last nearly a year even though these are turned off-on dozens of times a day
 No more dropping and not finding nuts . I bought a whole set of these drivers .
 This is just what I needed . This lamp gives off light , that enables me to see at nite . I keep it on my computer desk , with no other light available.Before this lamp , I had a tensor lamp . There was no light that helped . I could see my hand if I held it right up to the light . Needless to say , I can now type my papers , and see my e-mails . This is a very good purchase for anyone not having proper lighting by their computers . Use it next to your bed for reading , and you 'll get magnificent lighting .
 I love this lamp it 's stylish and functional-at a great price and super fast shipping !
 This is a great functional lamp , it does not take up a lot of desk space , it gives just the right amount of light for typing or working next to the computer . It can use any light bulbs , even the energy saving bulbs . The only thing that is not perfect is that it wobbles a little , the bottom is not flat , there 's something under the lamp that makes it uneven .
 Its really light its give a lot of light throughout my bed room thankyou
 I bought this fan after researching on the manufacturer 's website for an exact replacement for the fan on my radon system , which had been compromised by a large rodent who crawled in when the fan was off . What a mess ! Piping all stunk and was contaminated , and the fan not only smelled horrid but was burned out . This fan fit right into the existing couplings . It was easy to wire up with the pigtail from the old fan . I run this one continuously so animals wo n't venture in.Fan is somewhat quieter than the original , although same brand . Of course , after 17 years , the models numbers has changed so it too some thorough research to determine the correct model , which I was then able to track down easily through Amazon .
 Fan appears to work well , based on a few weeks of use . Easy installation , quiet operation , and significant air flow . I also bought a digital radon meter for $ 119 that I recommend buying as well . Using the radon meter , I measured a noticeable drop in radon levels after the fan was installed . Without a fan running for weeks , the level rose to 18 p/L , but with the fan running , it dropped to 1.6 p/L in three days . The radon meter can be reset and placed in new locations in the basement for location-specific radon level measurements .
 The FR150 was the model originally installed with my radon system . At the time I was told to expect 7-8 years of service from it before replacement was needed . So far it 's still going strong after 14 + years . It 's quiet and perfectly reliable ; I 've had to do nothing to it the entire time .
 we purchased this item to help with our radon problem and it worked great our radon went from an 8 to a .6 so we are very pleased . It is very quiet and was easy to hook up .
 Pefect replacement for original that ran contiuously for 22 years . This one uieter and has more air movement capacity , but the same size . Eay install .
 I have not installed this product yet , but know everything about it and have no reservation as to how well it will work ! Take your time , ask questions and do it right ! It will be a great project , that anyone can do who has a basic understanding of tools and DIY attitude ! Any fan that I replace in the future will be of this type , providing there is a place for mounting in the attic !!
 When my previous pump -LRB- a flotec -RRB- died , I ordered a new one from Amazon.com . It arrived in a few days , I immediately installed it and it works great , it was an easy installation with a few leaks , which I repaired with teflon tape and pipe compound . I have used about 1 month woth no problems . I highly recommend this pum .
 Ok the pump is great ... . but nowhere do the tell you that you can not just plug this in . You need a electrician to HARD ~ WIRE this to get it working .
 I just purchased the wayne sws75 shallow well pump with a little skepticism . It was not advertised by wayne as a self priming pump , which means you do not need a foot valve at the bottom of your shallow well , only a check valve at top of the well head . I plumbed it according to the diagram in the instruction manual -LRB- which leaves much to be desired -RRB- , only to have to re-plumb the pressure tank . Once i did this it has worked great , It has drawn water out with no problem , It is quiet , powerful , and well worth the cost . I hope it last several years .
 Replaced a Flotec plastic pump that gave out after a year . Installed easily ; the separate priming port is particularly convenient . Took a while -LRB- ~ 6 minutes -RRB- to draw a suction on a 50 ' run of 1-1/14 &#34; pipe with a 20 ' vertical lift , but it did finally start pulling -LRB- took two 3-minute efforts , repriming in between -RRB- . Has been running for 6 weeks now without a hitch . Solid , well built and reliable . Could n't ask for more .
 I decided to wait until I write my thought on this pump , and that what I usually do , and I have this pump over 3 months . I would say it 's a good pump . There was nothing wrong with the old pump but it 's 15 years old but I run out of water in my well , and the well is 21 feet deep and a friend of mine told me about this pump , so I replaced the 21 feet pipe with 29 feet 11/4 galvanized pipe . I was concerned that it might not pull water since the instruction said that I should not go over 25 feet deep , but to my surprise it did a good job . I 'm getting around 6 gallons of water per minute which is more than enough for us . At first , I had difficulty to prime it but I hooked up a garden hose from my yard well to the pump for 3-5 minutes while I kept the pump runing and that fixed the problem . And also , I replaced the water pressure switch on the new pump because I had one that would shut off the power automatically if the water pressure drop below 20 pounds in case the well run out of water . The pump takes 120/240 volts and I use the 240 volts . I hope it helps someone .
 works fine . Good price for a company people say is good quality . Cast iron is MUCH better than plastic , and a pump that senses when the pressure is low so that it does n't burn itself out pumping air - both very desirable features.We thought we were having problems with the pump , but it turned out to be the water supply . Wayne Pumps customer service was quick and responsive . They will take very good care of you . I ca n't tell you how pleased we 've been with the company and their customer service . I HIGHLY recommend the company and their products . This pump works great !
 Have n't had a chance to use the 1/2 inch Rope Ratchet yet ... I have a 3/8 '' one that works beautifully , so have no reason to expect less from the 1/2 '' model ! Received my order in a timely manner from the vendor.Would not hesitate to recommend this product to ANYONE who has trouble working those web and ratchet things ! Its simple and straight-forward to use .
 Well i shopped around a while and this was the best deal by far . i found that home depot was 50 percent higher priced , only 25ft . so im real happy about this purchase .
 The product was just what I was expecting , based on the sellers description and it worked perfectly with the shelf set I had , which had lost a peg . The item arrived on time and was nicely packed .
 I just replaced my standard size mail box with another one , and forgot I had this bracket . I used stainless steel screws , and they worked fine for the second box . Only required 4 screws to take the old one out and put the new one in . We use a 4X4 post that looks likeBw Creative Wood Ind Intl 4X4x72 ' Pt Mailbox Post At991 Mailbox Posts . My mailbox is black , so the bracket does not show . There is a small edge , maybe 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' that would show if your mailbox is another color . It was an excellent bracket for this application , and showed no signs of wear , after at least 5 years . No hassle at all to replace the mailbox .
 This mounting board is designed to fit several sizes of mailboxes , and it helps make installation very easy . A board or plywood could be used , but this would require custom-trimming the board . Also , this board is weather-proof .
 It 's a good product - just do n't drop any screws as there are no extras included . My post was not the best so it would be best on a newer one !
 If you live on a 25mph street in a subdivision , then spend a few extra bucks and get a sturdier mounting bracket . If , like me , you live on a high traffic road where replacing a downed mailbox is something you have to do multiple times a year , then this is a great product.It 's not a rigid mount . The mailbox will move a bit when you open and close it . This flexibility is a negative to some , but to me it 's a huge positive . Since the plastic flexes and breaks before wood or metal , it means that I do n't always have to replace the post , or even the mailbox , when someone takes it down . Sometimes I just need to replace the mounting board , and the fact that it 's a plastic board means that 's a relatively cheap repair .
 This item was a good value . The chandelier was easy to install and puts out a lot of light . It looks great !
 IT CAME A DAY EARLIER THAN PROMISED AND CHARGES BOTH MY 18 volt and 12 volt drill batteries . I am very satisfied .
 We purchased this to replace the original battery charger that came with a B&D weedeater . It worked well , charging the battery with a substantial amount of power .
 I purchased 2 chargers one for my husband and 1 for his friend -LRB- we accidently killed his charger -RRB- . Both are very happy with the product and the delivery of the item .
 Recieved exactly what I wanted and ordered . Good quality , no problems with order through deliver . I would recommed this item to anyone .
 This was a Christmas gift for my son-in-law . It was just what he wanted . He thought all his batteries were dead , but it turned out that his chargers were bad .
 Was about to purchase a universal charger from a national home improvement store for $ 90 . My old one was damaged during a thunderstorm when the power was knocked out . I found this one and it worked great and was a fraction of the price . I purchased it used but it performs just as good as the one that came with my Black and Decker drill .
 good vendor , prompt service product as described , value / cost effective and as quoted / no surprises , no negative experiences , i would use this vendor again
 I got the shipment fast and on time . It was as stated on amazon . I had a hard time finding the charger I went to the big box store and they did n't have it . The shipper sent it rt on time and it was brand new . I would recomend them again .
 Do n't know why the original one died , but it left my drill , flashlight , and circular saw useless . This is exactly what I needed Not too bad a price , either .
 I have two of these . I find them to be reliable and quick . The indicator light is another plus . With two you are assured of having a battery at full charge always at the ready .
 I am pleased with my purchase of the 18 volt charger that i bought . it works and that is what counts .
 I needed another charger for my extra weed eater battery . Now I can charge both batteries at one time . I can now get most of my grass done in one day .
 I had 2 already and needed a third.This fit the bill . It ' s simple to use and I keep it plugged in continuously , so my battery is always at the ready .
 What 's to say ? It replaced a charger that was broken . Now if only B & D could replace batteries at a reasonable cost .
 Great product . I had batteries that were good but chargers had bit the dust . I would reccomend this charger for anyone .
 A storm took out the previous charger and battery . We ordered two new batteries and chargers and were impressed with quality and price .
 This new charger and a new battery got my leaf blower up and running . Sure beat the price of buying a new blower !
 It was a smash hit for the money . I loved it and would buy more from this company . do n't hesitate !
 the Black & Decker batteries seem to die faster than the equipment , so we are always looking to good deals on batteries since my husband uses the equipment daily . Good price .
 I purchased this to replace my original charger and it has fully met my expectations . The battery life on my cordless blower is another story . But if you 're going to have a cordless device you need this charger . I highly recommend this one .
 Charger arrived as promised , seems at be working fine . I am glad i was able to find it here as the other option is to scrap a good drill and two batteries . Thanks Amazon , once again you came through for us . Charles Davis
 My Black and Decker drill sat on the workbench for months while I hoped the battery charger would miraculously appear from wherever I `` filed '' it . When another birthday -LRB- mine and the drill 's -RRB- passed by it was time to change search parameters . Amazon + vendor + PayPal = a working charger and an operational drill .
 My orignal charger stopped working and I could not find the replacement on the manufactures website . My drill is older . It works beautifully and shipped very quickly .
 I had loaned my clippers to my son and of course it was returned without the charger . After searching at several different stores , such as Home Depot and Lowes , I had decided I would have to purchase new ones . I was so pleased to learn that I could purchase the charger at amazon without having to purchase the entire set of clippers . It was so simple , I ordered it and in just a few days , it appeared at my door . It is exactly like the original charger and I have saved the extra funds . Thanks Amazon
 great price , was cheaper than bidding on e-bay , and did n't have to wait . works great , just like it is suppose to .
 I bought this charger to go with the one I already had . I have 4 batteries but they do n't hold the charge for long and could not get my yard trimmed . I purchased this extra charger so I could charge more than one battery at a time . It works great . Now if Black & Decker would make their batteries hold a charge longer I would be all set .
 Finallly found just what I needed , inexpensive and now I can keep both batteriesthat came with the weed wacker charged ... saves time.I will continue to use this until I can afford that fancy one that I haveseen on TV ... that will have to wait .
 I needed another charger for the 4 batteries I use in my battery powered weed wacker . This was exactly what I neededand has worked perfectly since I got it . It charges my batteries faster than the original and arrived when I was ready to trim the large lawn . Now I do not worry about whether I will run out of charged batteries .
 I have a number of Black and Decker products . I now have one battery charger for each product plus a spare . This way I never run out of charged batteries .
 Having multiple battery ports is invaluable to me as I have several Black & Decker lawn maintenance tools and need to always have one in use , another fully charged & waiting , and a third charging . I have read some nightmare reviews of faulty chargers resulting in destroyed tools , but I have had nothing but perfect results both with the Black & Decker tools and the charge ports . As a one lady lawn care person for a 12 acre farm , I find the tools light weight and with the mulitple battery ports I can always complete the jobs .
 Have only used it a couple of times but it works great . Ideal if you have more than one battery since you can use one and charge the other by the time you need to change it .
 The battery charger was just what I needed . I was afraid I 'd have to dispose of the equipment since I could no longer charge the batteries . Thanks !
 Works just like it should . Price was right . Came quickly . What else could you want ?
 It is just a battery charger.The only trouble I have is I paid for TWO and only received ONE .
 First I thought how long its going to take to deliver . But then it arrived in time and worked well for me .
 This was a good buy - have an AT&T 4 handset phone and would have had to buy a whole new system if I did n't get these batteries for good price ! thank you !
 The B&D battery charger -LRB- 18volt -RRB- replaced an old one found at a thrift store . New one is great , works as it should and was delivered quickly and efficiently .
 These chargers take several hours to charge up . I had 2 batteries ; thus , needed a 2nd charger . Works like a charm .
 THis charger works great . ITs an exact replacement for the original Black and Decker charger I used to have for my drill . Does exactly what I expected it to do .
 This charger did exactly what I needed it to do , nothing more , nothing less . It brought an otherwise dead drill back from the ashes , and actually seems a little faster on putting a full charge on the battery .
 Even though it was a last minute purchase -LRB- right before Christmas -RRB- it got here within a reasonable time frame . The price and convenience was well worth shopping online .
 Fast shipping , great service.Product is the original part from B&D. ; We use this as a spare charger and battery for our weed eater.So now we have 2 .
 I bought this charger after purchasing more batteries for my B&D yard tools . It works just like its supposed to - takes about 8 hours to fully charge . Its a good value for a charger . Now I can charge all 7 of my batteries at the same time with 7 individual battery chargers .
 Had two chargers , both gave out and still had equipment that used these batteries , so a replacement charger -- at a decent price -- was needed . This works !
 The charger has consistently done a good job . It was cheaper buying through Amazon than spending gas and time going to some store and paying a lot more . The reason I got it was this way I could charge 2 batteries at one time , making lawn work quicker .
 Best price that I could find for a B&D 18 Volt battery charger . Very fast service also . This is the slide on type of charger .
 I first checked with Black and Decker . The only option was over fifty dollars . This charger works like the original and saves me from having to replace the entire system .
 The electronic charger replaces the transformer type very well . I do not know about longevity yet but the charger does not heat up .
 This is just what I needed ! It works wonderful and holds the charger in just right . Wonderful if you need a replacement ! Great shipping as well !
 this was just as described . Bought this as a replacement , since the first one kind of exploded O_o Did not know how much we needed a drill until we did n't have one for a month or so . This was way cheaper then home depot or lowe 's and with prime the shipping is free : -RRB-
 better than what you will find in stores , and cheaper ! i also like this because it is the same charger that comes with the drill and not fancy by any means , and its also compact !
 With this extra charger , I can now charge two batteries at the same . This has saved me the headache of not being able to charge the second battery when I really need it .
 The charger arrived faster than expected . With the new charger I can charge and use my cordless drills and other tools .
 I had a Black and Decker ` Firestorm ' cordless drill and FIVE batteries . When my charger died , the whole set was out of commission . This is the exact 18V charger that comes with the drill . They ship it quickly and the price is right . I could not be happier with the product or the seller .
 The battery charger is exactly the one we wanted.It works just fine . Several of our cordless products use the battery that this charger is for .
 We just needed a charger to replace the one that wore out . Take note that if you leave your battery charging for way longer than it 's fully charged , the charger overheats and wears out before it should .
 This battery works just as well as the one that came with my edger . I 'm pleased with the product . Great product !!
 The charger for my battery powered edger/weed whacker died so I went online to search for a replacement charger since I did n't want to buy a new week whacker . It has worked out wonderfully and is a cheaper solution than buying a new unit .
 I already owned a B & D 18 volt battery charger and had it a long time . Apparently , through the years , the old charger develped a short in the wire . I bought the new B & D 18 volt battery charger online from Amazon , and it works great ! I have absolutely no complaints through any process of online ordering , delivery , time frames , or the product . I am very happy with my order .
 I had to replace the original charger so I ordered this one , works great . It full charged the battery as it should . Three weeks no problems .
 This charger appears to be an upgrade , better than the ones that came with my B&D tools . I am very pleased with these chargers having ordered several of them to replace the origional units that went bad from trying to charge batteries that had shorted cells .
 The only thing this does n't have that the origanal charger has is the test light . It works great for the second battery that came with the Black & Decker cordless broom . Now I have 2 batteries charged all the time . It doubles my time when blowing things off.Well worth the money . JR
 Having several of these chargers is a godsend ! I have several Black & Decker yard tools that all utilize the battery that fits these chargers and a battery comes with each charger . SO , by having multiple chargers , I can have all the batteries fully charged at all times . This is crucial since I run through about 3-4 battery charges each time I tend my yard . Now I do n't have to wait for those extra batteries to charge ; I can merely pop in the next battery that 's waiting fully charged ! I keep 5 of these bad boys working at all times for `` just in case . '' The fact that they 're much less expensive than buying another tool just for the sake of another battery charger and battery is also great .
 I ordered the Black & Decker 18 volt battery charger # 5103069-12 for my Black & Decker weed eater . The item was exactly as it was pictured fit the batteries . It has performed well & charges the batteries in the alloted time . A great price and a great buy !
 Excellent replacement charger for my Black and Decker cordless hand saw .
 I just purchased a hedge trimmer ; I did not yet purchasethis battery pack . I hope I 'll get good use of the hedge trimmer . I noticed a number of negative comments about B&D ; power equipment . My drill did have one battery fail . However , I purchased a B&D ; lawn mower and was told by the salesman the battery would last just two or three years . We used it a bit over 10 years without a problem . We mowed a huge back and front yard on the east coast . I had it overhauled with a new battery . Before spring came we decided to head West . The backyard did n't have grass ; pavers with some plants on sides as well as potted plants . The mower was stored away in the garage . I started the mower 21/2 years later and it started at once . I recharged the mower and gave it to a friend . I always liked their products . Hope in recent years they have n't dropped in quality .
 What can I say ? I unwrapped it , plugged it into the wall and slide my drill battery into the slot -LRB- ooooh -RRB- . Four hours later , I was ready to -LRB- sheet -RRB- rock and roll .
 I have been using this charger for several weeks and it works great . The age of your battery will affect the quality of the charge . I numbered my batteries with a Sharpie pen to track their ability to hold a charge . One of my batteries needs to be replace because it no longer holds a charge . Great product .
 If you 've got a newer car with the mini-style fuses , get 2 or 3 of these little sets because each contains the full range of small sizes . You 'll be good to go no matter which size needs replacing . The set I got was made in Mexico .
 Well . There 's 8 mini-blade fuses . No pulling tool . 2 , 5 , 7-1/2 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 and 30 amperes fuses . I 'm not sure I would call the plastic case reusable , there 's just some perforations on the back of the cardboard . Keeping it in my truck in case something goes out . Fixed my high beams and my 12v outlet with a fuse , make sure you check yours .
 Well , I needed a replacement fuse , as a penny fell into the power socket in my car , causing a delightful spark , followed by a lack of music . Oddly enough , I 've had this car nearly 5 years , and this was the first time I 'd blown a fuse ! I 've always made a point to keep one of these little packs of fuses in the glovebox , but apparently forgot to do that when loading up this car , 5 years ago.So , it 's winter , I 'm busy , and I have prime . Searched , found these fuses , and was up and running the next day . The fuse I needed was in there , so that 's sorted , and I 've got spares in the glovebox now . Perfecto!The fuses seem to have integrity , and the little case is perfect for keeping them safe in your glovebox for years .
 Always a pleasure to deal with Amazon.I am always trying to improve my craft skills , but sometimes it is very costly . These blades are a real improvement at a reasonable price !
 I bought a Craftsman table saw that , on starting , sounded as though it was a bit unbalanced . It just made a loud sound when the power was switched on that went away once the blade was up to speed . I put this blade on and that all went away . Really smooth cutting blade .
 I ordered this blade because I have an on-going project of deck remodeling that just seems to go on and on . I use mainly pressure treated wood -LRB- 2x6 's -RRB- . Pressure treated stuff can be hard on blades . So far , used on three different occasions , this blade has been GREAT ! It makes a very , very smooth cut ... especially considering it 's only a 40 tooth general purpose blade . I use it on my compound mitre saw . It makes ultra smooth cross-cuts and excellent mitre cuts . I 'm extremely pleased with this baby so far .
 I got this blade for a miter saw to cut trim and other lumber . It cuts very easily - the saw hardly even slows down . Also the cuts are very smooth - no sanding needed . Highly recommended .
 I received the Freud D1040A Diablo 10-Inch 40-Tooth ATB General Purpose Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch Arbor and PermaShield Coating , in a timely manner , packaging was very good.I use this blade on my table saw and love it , goes through a board like cutting butter well all most , and I like the way it dissipates the heat.I would recommend this blade to any one .
 I only have a basic Craftsman table saw with standard blade , so I do n't have any comparison as to what makes a fine cut . When I got this Freud blade I immediately liked the design and mounted it to my saw . Boy does it make a difference ! Not only does it poroduce clean cuts , I could feed the workpiece easily without much resistance . A great product worth recommending .
 The diablo is a great general purpose blade . The thin kerf is nice , as well as the anti-vibration technology .
 Who are the people in the world that would think that they could get ten blades for 30 bucks ? Obviously they knew it was a typo and hoped that by mistake , they would get 10 blades . It is a very bold move to review the blade with the criticism that they were deceived . Most of us will see through these clowns and realize they have nothing to complain about . They were obviously disappointed that they did n't get 9 free blades.This blade is a good value at 30 bucks
 Good blade but Amazone sold this as a 19 pack , but only one was delivered , waiting patently for the other 9 .
 This 15 '' electric trimmer is the first I 've ever owned so I have nothing to compare it to , except an old pair of rusty hedge clippers ! However , that being said , my first experience with the trimmer was excellent.The weight of the trimmer is good , although , it 's possible that some people may find it slightly heavy.Assembly was the only difficult part . The metal U-guide did not want to snap into place no matter how hard I pushed . I had to use a hammer to get into place.The main handle/trigger design is excellent , and features a hook that you loop your cord around so it does n't unplug itself . The 2nd handle is infinitely adjustable.The one-tap cord release works perfectly every time . The cord and 4.4 amp motor are very strong - enough to carve through dirt when you 're edging.Overall , this Toro trimmer is a bargain , and comes from a great company with a great history of lawn-care equipment . Except for the difficulty in assembling it , it 's practically perfect.Martin
 I 've had this trimmer for a few months now and it 's still working like a charm . I did n't seem to have the same problem with the U-guide as some of the other reviewers had . The trimmer has some nice power and increasing the length of the trimming line is easy . The price is great for what you get . The `` exclusive cord lock system '' leaves much to be desired . It 's not so much a cord lock but a hook and the cord sometimes wiggles loose . My Black and Decker blower/vac has a much better cord lock . But you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . It gets the job done and the cord lock is n't that much of a problem .
 Having used the Black and Decker Grass Hog and other string trimmers , I was pleasantly suprised to find that this trimmer blows away the other brands . For the price , you would be well advised to buy this model.I also found that the `` bump to advance '' cord is superior to the so called so called automatic centrifugal advance model . Mine never seemed to work . Also , this model trimmer allows for variable cord lenght.I will write another report on long term repair experience at some future date .
 I bought this trimmer about 4 years ago and up until now I 've never had an issue with it . From box to edging took me about 10 minutes . I was n't a fan of the pre-loaded .065 '' line they supply you with . . I know the manual said to only use that line , but it got chewed up too quickly , so I replaced it with .080 '' line and it worked like a charm . I still have n't finished the original spool of .80 '' line I bought almost 4 years ago . I did n't really care for the debris shield so I removed that and the metal guide deal also . It was pretty rough looking , but worked like champ . I trimmed around rocks , wood and everything you can think of pretty much and I never had an issue with the bump line release or any parts flying off or anything like that.The trimmer felt pretty good when held and the double handle was a really nice feature when you want to edge around the curb or sidewalks . Now I say it was a good trimmer up until now because it seems like motor has melted away the internal plastic housing it sits in so the head wobbles and does n't cut proper anymore -LRB- Probably due to my use of the bigger trimmer line -RRB- I really just need a new plastic housing for the motor and the trimmer will still work like a champ , but I 'm not having any luck finding just the plastic housing for it , so it looks like i may have to buy a new one.All in all I really enjoyed using this trimmer the last few years and had no issues with the build quality or anything like that . I 'm probably going to purchase the same trimmer again soon .
 I could not beleive how nice it was not to have to worry about gas and oil and dead engines from long term storage . This one is powerful enough and the auto string feed works if you understand the mechanism and do n't get carried away with feeding string . I like it and I have used a lot of these .
 Pros : PriceWorks well.Cons : Needs pulling spool thread a bit out quite often .
 Great price . I have only I complaint . I had to take the shield , which did n't fit correctly and kept falling off and remove some of the excess plastic where it fits onto the base . This had stopped the clips that hold it on from engaging . Once I did that , it was perfect .
 This string trimmer is a great product . It arrived in great condition and promptly . The assembly was quite easy and took almost no time at all . It 's very light and easy to carry ; easy to flip over for edging . It has an adjustable front handle which is great for tall people . The base also adjusts in diameter from 12 '' to 15 '' . You will need to purchase an extension cord separately .
 Being a woman , I do n't have the strength to start a gas-powered trimmer . Although I have n't used my trimmer very long , I found it lightweight a powerful and does the job . The price was right , too . I recommend it for women .
 Received in timely manner . First trimmer was broken . Return procedures easily understandable . Replacement handled quickly and efficiently . Second trimmer received promptly and performs as expected .
 I have a small lawn , and this unit allows me just to plug in and go . Two things to note :1 . The plastic string occassionally gets stuck , which is an easy fix to take off the spool and untangle .2 . The unit is not long enough for me . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' so I have to hunch over a little to use . But as I mentioned , my lawn is small , so I 'm able to trim everything within 5 minutes .
 Found the electric trimmer/edger to be very efficent and light weight to use . I did have to remove the metal u guide to be able to trim/edge close to a fence .
 I have used this trimmer several times now and it has met my expectations . I previously had a 15 '' Craftsman Weed Wacker that was not up to the task . I have a townhouse with a few small lawns that I need to mow once every few weeks . The Craftsman burned out quite quickly , apparently because it was n't powerful enough and could n't cool itself effectively . This Toro has plenty of power . It tears through most of the tough grass and weeds without problem . The only annoyance is that it 's a tad heavier than other electric trimmers and has a bit of weird vibration on the start-up and slow-down . The handle is fairly comfortable . The cord can slip out just as easily as every other electric trimmer , but that 's par for the course .
 After trying a competitor with a slightly lower price -LRB- It broke twice , 2 different purchases -RRB- we went with this Toro . Have used it 4-5 times so far this year and it 's working so far , so good .
 I have had a Toro before and this is one reason I chose to buy this one . So far it is working just as my old one did .
 I had a more expensive trimmer that I purchased at Home Depot . It was a Weed Eater . This Toro blows the Weed Eater away . It is much heavier and more sturdy.The Weed Eater felt flimsy compared to this Toro . This Toro has an adjustable handle which works great to increase the comfort level while holding it . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've been very pleased with the Toro 15 '' Electric Trimmer . I have a fairly large street front as residential lots go and use the trimmer for edging more than anything else . Although I still need to do a deeper edging with other tools once in a while the Toro makes quick work of it otherwise .
 This Toro trimmer works great and it is very light ! it is good for my size and fit like a glove . Thanks .
 This is my second season using this trimmer and I have nothing but good things to say about it . I would say that after trimming grass up to a foot tall for about an hour with no break , I 've put it through its paces.As far as a few people having the motor burn out , they may want to pick up a good extension cord and read the manual 's recommendations . It clearly states that if you use higher gauge extension cords at longer distances , you run the risk of burning the motor out . I use the 50 ' Coleman high visibility 14/3 and I 've had no problems . I 've also had no problems with bump feed . It feeds quickly and cleanly every time.PROS : Seems to be well built.It 's powerful and makes quick work of even the thickest grass.The bump feed works well.Price.CONS : You 're attached to a cord ... but hey , it IS a corded trimmer .
 Diablo is the best saw blade , once you have a little cordless 61/2 you will think it can be you best friend at times , the Diablo blade just brings it up a notch . Also best price .
 Of all the blades i owned this blade makes clean cuts , straight and little saw dust , i would definetly recomend this blade if u want a blade thats not going to hold a lot of friction and cause your 18v battery to drain fast , this blade has very little friction against the wood even when the wood is moist!and for the price , u just cant go wrong , ,
 I bought two of them and both burned my wood . Here the blades are stamped on the wrong side . I flipped it over and they work like Diablos ' should work . I 'm a contractor and I have or used at least 30 + blades in my life and never had that happen . I asked a friend who has been a contractor for 25 years and has never had that problem either . My circular saw is right-handed saw too . Anyways , when correctly mounted , it cuts like butter .
 I work on aircraft and use these all of the time . Makes me glad I did not spend 250 for the Snap-on ones at this time . I is a large set , sizing is spot on and finish is great
 For such an awesome tool to help me with work ... . I work on 18 wheelers for a living and use these almost daily and they definitely make my job easier ... Great tools ... . Great Price ... . Recommend to any mechanic
 Bought for my boyfriend -LRB- diesel mechanic -RRB- and no complaints yet , and cheaper than off the tool trucks like Mac or Snap-On , but works the same ...
 for the money , I do n't think I could have found a better set of wrenches . they appear to be made very solid and so far have used them twice with no issues .
 The tools are better than their price suggests and the tool pouch is superb . The seller was outstanding in his efforts to solve a shipping issue and I have nothing but praise for him and these tools .
 The Sunex 10-piece Metric Stubby Combination Wrench Set I purhased is of professional quality and appearance , and comes in a high quality canvas pouch . The price is very fair and the service of the vendor is first rate and fast . I was very happy with my shopping experience .
 Boy , am I glad I bought this blade!I thought I had a good blade on my vintage CRAFTSMAN table saw.Won ' t mention any names but it costs $ 60.00 new and is made in germany ! This FREUD blade made my saw like new ! At the first sound when I turned it on I new this was going to be fun ! It make 's this really cool sound and even cooler cuts!I am very impressed and will buy another for back up ! I wase n't sure about thin kerf blade 's ... . But this blade wo n't dissappoint !!!!!
 This blade was my first move into thin kerf , modern blade technology . What a thrill ! This blade , as the old expression goes , cuts like a hot knife through butter . My 13/4 HP table saw appears to have developed new vitality just because of the excellence of this blade . I am sold on the value of better quality blades and would certainly recommend this blade as being a member of that class . Money well spent .
 I got two of these ; one for my table saw and one for my miter saw . So much better than my old blades ; nice smooth friction free cuts .
 VERY nice !! I 've ripped and crosscut a bunch of walnut , maple , and curly oak . This blade performs flawlessly . The only knock on it , is that it 's more prone to kickback than the blade it replaced , but using a pushstick eliminates that problem , too .
 I purchased this saw blade from Amazon.com to replace the existing blade on my Ryobi BT 3010-1 table saw . I needed a combination saw blade for ripping and crosscutting . I am extremely pleased with this saw blade and have purchased Freud Diablo saw blades in the past for other table and mitre saws . They are reliable and do an excellent job .
 I have always used inexpensive blades . They were disposable as it was less expensive to throw them away than to sharpen them . This is the first `` expensive '' blade I ever purchased . I put it in my bench-top saw and could hardly belive the difference it made ! Cuts like a hot knife through butter . Never again will I purchase a cheaper blade !!
 This saw blade replaced a fairly beat up -LRB- I think -RRB- 20-something tooth on the used delta saw I bought from craig 's list . Initially I was dissapointed b/c the delta did n't really cut any better than the cheapo $ 80 saw it was intended to replace . I switched the blade , and the cut noise went from a clattering brrrananaaannnnaaaangggg to a very consistent -LRB- and quieter ! -RRB- nzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt , and before I even had a chance to look I knew I had a better cut . Veneered ply cuts with no chipping on top now , and just a bit on the bottom . The cut itself has very consistent and small swirl marks , like a machined metal surface . The stock feeds with a buttery smooth feel that I was n't expecting , consistent easy and reliable.If you 've experience with lots of table saws and lots of blades this blade may not amaze you . If you 've only had the stock blade on your saw and you 're thinking ` Well , $ 35 seems like it ought to be a nice upgrade ' then you 're right . The difference is night and day with the coarse and possibly -LRB- by now -RRB- beat up blade that came with your saw.Only had the blade a bit now , but very pleased so far .
 Great product , great performance , great endurance , great price.I just keep buying them.Last one lasted 5 years of moderate usage .
 I really like this blade . Will out preform any thing else out there is this cost range and even many of the more expensive versions . Have used for years and still remember the first time I switched from a cheap no name blade to freud . I thought my 3 hp table saw was now a 5 hp with the ease that thick stock would pass . I also would not get the resin build up on blade or heat with the coating they use . Again this requires not thought . Great blade at a great price , look no further .
 This is a good quality chop saw blade for the price . I had a more expensive Freud blade that was thicker that works even better . The red color is a good reminder to keep your hands away .
 Purchased for table saw . Works fine as a combo blade . perhaps not the best in the market but certainly one of the best in its price range . Permashield coating works well to keep resin/pitch and rust off blade body .
 I can cut w/o burning the wood . I can easily split the 4 '' part of 2x4 's swiftly and also w/o burning ... This is an economical blade and I feel I will need no other general purpose blade.Happy sawingKen Manuelian
 I bought this blade to replace the factory blade on my Sears 10 inch sliding mitre saw . Used it first to cross cut 52x3 .5 x1 .25 maple boards . Cut through easily with little if no blade deflection , leaving 90 degree cuts . The factory blade left a lot to be desired . Great blade for the price , ca n't wait to use it on my table saw .
 good blade , what do you know , it cuts ! Our space of 50 members have n't dulled it yet , , this thing is a pain wanting so many words to give a product review on a saw blade .
 Este disco de corte funciona muy bien , el acabado es perfecto y facilita mucho mi trabajo . Lo recomiendo especialmente para cortes transversales .
 The saw -LRB- 1.5 h.p. Powermatic # 63 -RRB- ran and cut more smoothly from the time I installed this blade .
 I bought this blade as a replacement for the very worn DeWalt construction blade that came with my DW745 table saw . At first , there was no immediate difference between the two ... the Freud blade still burned every cut , especially crosscuts , and made rough edges . However , after I spent some time squaring the blade to the miter slot and re-aligning the fence , the cut quality increased greatly . Now it rips very cleanly with little to no burning , though crosscuts still get burned in hardwoods . Overall , not bad blade quality , though I was hoping for a little more .
 It cuts.Haven ' t had a lot of chance to use it , but anything is going to beat what I had .
 You can buy the crappiest saw available and turn it into a board 's worst nightmare with these blades . My neighbor and I built a cedar fence in the spring using his cheap Ryobi saw and a Diablo blade . That experience alone made me a believer and I have been slowly switching all my tools over to using Diablo 's since . I have used blades from several other manufacturers , Bosch being the most recent , and the Diablo 's out-cut and out-last everything else I 've used .
 This blade works very well for ripping and crosscutting in my tablesaw , very minimal burning , and i am able to make quicker , safer cuts with it . the gaps for every 5 teeth are good for tightening the blade onto the arbor with the old craftsman technology .
 This blades Makes your table saw put on its &#34; Big Boy Pants &#34; as it cuts through everything with ease and puts no unnecessary strain on the saws motor . Worth every penny !
 finally got around to replacing the factory blade on my ryobi table saw . just wish I 'd done it sooner . excellent quaity at a great price . put a similar blade on my sliding compound saw and just as impressed .
 I use these on my jobsite table saw and they actually help the saw perform much better than with stock blade . This is n't a Forest Woodworker blade , but I 'm not putting that much $ $ $ on my jobsite table saw .
 This is the 1st Diablo blade I 've used but it sure made a change to my miter saw - seems like it has more power -LRB- thin sharp blade -RRB- - my son in law is a framing contractor and told me these are what the use . I have used Freud blades foe a long time on my old Delta Uni-saw table saw with good outcome so the Diablo really came as no surprise . Worth the money
 I 've tried a lot of blades , and this one is the closest one to being a jack of all trades . It truly makes excellent crosscut and ripping cuts . The one thing I did notice is that it seems to take a little longer and use a little more feed pressure in rip cuts than a dedicated ripping blade would require , but less than a 50T ATB crosscut would , and it does leave a much better finish ... so it 's a trade-off . Mine has about .002 '' of runout , which is pretty good . Leaves * very * faint sawmarks , 3 swipes of 220 grit sandpaper make them disappear .
 Great price for this quality of blade . Have n't tried it yet , but when I get a table saw I will use it it for my everyday all around blade .
 This is the best blade I have ever owned for my table saw hands down !!! I know there are probably more expensive &#34; better &#34; blades out there but for the money this was well worth the cost . Great product !!! I would give it more stars if I could .
 I love every diablo blade . They blow away standard blades making it easier to do the job done faster , smoother , safer .
 I bought this saw blade for my table saw because my saw is small and somewhat underpowered but as soon as I put the blade on my saw I saw an increase in power . To test the blade I cut 3/4 '' red oak and 3/4 '' red oak plywood and all I can say is WOW ! The cuts were super smooth and there was no tearout in the plywood . I used it to rip , crosscut , and cut miters and every cut is amazingly smooth . I highly recomend this blade for any smaller or underpowered table saw .
 I bought this blade after trying a more expensive Ridgid blade of similar construction which produced an unacceptably rough cut . Then , I tried a Porter Cable blade . I liked the cut on that blade , but it was n't as smooth as the Freud blade in my worm drive saw . That Freud blade produces glass smooth cuts . The PC blade left subtle saw marks in the cut material . I bought the Freud Diablo , and installed it into my table saw . It produces square , smooth cuts that require no sanding . The cuts can be glued and clamped , or finished without additional surfacing after the cut . This blade is amazing , and is the best blade that has ever seen action in my portable table saw .
 I bought this blade to use with my 10 '' contractor saw . I am a active woodworker and need good sharp , clean cutting blades . This blade is a good buy for the money but does seem to burn oak just a little and the blade is thin enough to deflect during a tough cut . I also have a 50 tooth Freud that is not thin kerf like this blade ... Overall , the full kerf blade is the better of the two ... but it is more expensive and may not work as well with some underpowered saws . For the money , I would buy this blade again . My experience with getting Freud blades sharpened has been dissapointing . I sure wish they would set up a Freud owned sharpening service for their customers in the USA .
 I ca n't say enough about this blade . I bought this blade mainly for cross cutting hardwoods on my sliding miter saw . I had an 80 tooth blade before and would only burn hardwoods on cross cuts . This blade glides through cuts with ease and even leaves a very good finish on the cut . I 've also noticed that when bringing the blade down for face cuts on a wide board that the saw does n't bog down at all . I have a pretty good saw , but the thin kerf design would allow weaker saws to make great cross cuts as well . I like this blade so much that I 'm probably going to replacing the blade in my table saw -LRB- bosch 4000 -RRB- with this one . That blade is a Freud 40 tooth , but this blade is just so much better with hardwoods . It just makes working with hardwoods nice and easy .
 This blade cuts through oak and maple wood like butter . It replaced a Makita blade that scorched wood and labored through cuts . The Home Depot carries Diablo blades , but not the 50 tooth one . This is a great value for a blade made in Italy .
 This blade makes a big difference in smoothness of cut and reduces vibration . I have always liked Freud but did n't realize how much better they are until I recently tried another brand . I will only use these blades in the future .
 After buying the first blade I liked how it cut so much I bought two more for my other saws . Cuts very smooth and the first thing i noticed was how quiet it was .
 This was the first expensive -LRB- to me atleast -RRB- blade I ever bought for my table saw . Good ripping blade , I wish I would have gotten the Glue Line Rip blade because I did n't have a jointer at first . Definitely made my saw seem more powerful.Not too good of a crosscutting blade , atleast not on my table saw which is a cheapy craftsman and I have experienced burn when ripping oak although I ca n't blame that all on the blade as my table saw is definitely more than to be desired.I am in the process of buying a higher quality cabinet saw and ca n't wait to use this blade on it .
 I love these blades and will never go back to the box store blades again !!
 great blade put it on my 10 inch dewalt construction table saw and it was super quiet when it cut . never knew that was possible . great saw been using it bout 2 months and have no problems with it . i use it for plywood and 2x4 and some hardwood . glad i purchased this blade . will buy again . also the price was cheaper on amazon than a lot of other places .
 I 've been through a bunch of blades from H.D. and L. and this one definitively holds its own against them . Also , ca n't beat the price !
 I just received the blade and made a few cuts on my delta table saw ... 3/4 '' Poplar - no problem , no tear out , no burn , smooth cut . I then cut 11/2 '' solid Maple - smooth cut ! This is an impressive blade . Time will only tell if this blade will continually provide the same service in the long run . For now , Im impressed .
 Every review on the internet said this was an absolutely awesome blade and they were right ! My table saw is a little underpowered so the thin kerf helps a lot , especially when ripping 21/4 '' maple . Keep in mind , the blade itself will produce a silky smooth cut , but if your table saw motor or arbor have play in them there will be kerf marks . Also , make sure your ripping fence is square with the blade !! My next blade might be a dedicated ripping blade or the diablo 40 tooth combo blade for harder woods and faster cutting but this 50 tooth leaves an absolutely smooth jointable finished edge . Actually with a special jig I made I use the table saw for edge jointing the boards before ripping . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Unless you are comparing several blades at once , on the same saw , with the same material , it 's really impossible to say whether one blade is `` better '' or not . I realized that recently after -LRB- a -RRB- reading a lot of saw blade reviews and -LRB- b -RRB- upgrading to a 3 hp , 3 phase commercial saw -LRB- Powermatic 65 -RRB- from a portable bench-top table saw . The reality is that the huge differences in the power of the saw will make a tremendous difference in the performance of the blade.That being said -- and having a few different blades that I run on my big saw -- I can safely say that this blade is an excellent general purpose table saw blade right out of the box . How long it will last is anyone 's guess . A lot of things can happen to a blade over time ... warping , chipped teeth , etc. ... that are as much about how it is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- as how well it was designed or manufactured . Put a 2x4 on your saw that has a framing nail or a screw in it and you can screw it up very quickly.But , as I said , for general ripping of plywoods & hardwoods -- and cross-cutting of hardwoods , I am very happy with this blade so far . I have a light duty cabinet / furniture shop set up -- mainly building custom stuff for my own restoration projects . Keeping the teeth sharp is as important as the blade itself -- so find a good local sharpener and if the blade starts under-performing -- have the teeth sharpened for about 1/3 of what a new blade will cost you . -LRB- In Houston I use Circle Saw for my sharpening ... every town will have a few options . -RRB- They charge by the # of teeth generally .
 I bought this blade from Amazon for my table saw , as I needed to both rip and crosscut some 1 & 1/2 '' oak butcherblock lumber , which is very hard . This blade goes through it very easily and smoothly with no excess heat or binding . This is an excellent combination blade , especially for this price . Recommended !
 Arrived on time , nice blade . Suffice it to say that I waited way too long to get a new blade . As they say , cuts like `` butta . ''
 I have used Freud saw blades for the past year and would not buy anything else . Diablo line does everything needed for the advancedwoodworker . Would recommend the entire Diablo thin kerf line of blades for saws with 2 HP or less . They have performed great on bothtable saws and miter saws .
 Recently had a project requiring precision rip cuts through hardwood . Old blade was n't up to the task - this was . Great blade - cuts like a hot knife through butter . Highly recommended .
 I used this blade at home to cut engineered bamboo flooring with a miter saw . The edges came out perfectly and it cut smoothly and easily . I was tempted to use the 80 tooth blade , but this one did a fine job .
 THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS FOR SAW BLADES . I HAVE THREE TEN INCH FREUD SAW BLADES WORKING IN MY SHOP RIGHT NOW , IN CHOP SAWS AND ONE TABLE SAW , FOR MY MONEY I DO N'T THINK YOU CAN GET A BETTER BLADE FOR THE MONEY !!
 Ordered this blade to replace the OEM blade that came with my Ridgid table saw . I am by no means a woodworking expert , but it was more than apparent that this blade -LRB- combined with a zero clearance insert -RRB- improved cutting ability and accuracy greatly . Definitely money VERY well spent .
 Very good value for the money , cuts smooth as silk . Now if they could just do something with the color .
 I got this along with a set of blade stabilizers . Only bad thing is I wish I would have done it a long time ago . Beautiful cuts .
 Gave this blade with favorable reviews a try.Freud delivers . The blade creates a smooth cut . Great rip and cross cut.Breezed though the 4/4 oak that I was running.Instead of buying the pre-sized , prefinished pieces of wood at the large home improvement stores , I work from large pieces of rough cut lumber.The blade breezes through the strips that I need to cut out for projects.The blade produces a clean cut that is very ready to use just like others mention.On a piece of rough cut wood , you can see the clean cut vs the rough saw marks just on the workpiece when looking at the sides .
 This was a great price for a great blade . I love this blade , but I chipped my other one and needed to replace it . I could n't believe it when I saw the price . It was delivered promptly . Thanks . MD
 I 'm using this blade on my table saw and I love it . Nice and sharp , no issues whatsoever in 3 months of use .
 I ca n't afford the more expensive blades but this brand works great for me as a hobbyist . Diablo blades have been consistently reliable , sharp and smooth cutting . They last a good while too .
 Just got this yesterday and started cutting with it today . Cross cutting a pine 1X2 it was as if the wood flowed around the blade . I really could n't tell from feel when the blade entered the wood . It was spooky . Ripping thin strips from some poplar produced a few blade marks but I noticed they were only on the fence side of the blade -LRB- using a fence-riding strip cutting jig -RRB- . Checked the fence alignment and , sure enough , it was off by a tiny bit , pressing the cut strip against the rising teeth of the blade . Aligned the fence and now the wood looks really good on both sides . Short of a pair of dedicated rip and cross cut blades , I do n't think I can do better than this . For sure not at a comparable price .
 This is the second one I bought . The first one got a taste of a nail embedded in wood so it was time for a new blade . It cuts smooth both in cross and ripping . The thickest material I ripped was 31/8 '' on a 1.5 HP table saw and the results were great . If done correctly , most of the rip cuts are glue ready . If the ripped side is to be exposed a pass or two of sandpaper takes care of it.For the price very highly recommended .
 I love this blade . IT works great and the best part of all is that it will last for a long time .
 I rip a lot of 21/4 '' hardwood and I have ripped thousands of feet of it before I needed the blade to be sharpened . Because it is a thin kerf ATB blade it will try to follow the grain on thick hardwood if you push the wood through too fast , but overall it is a good blade . For the money though the Freud LU87R010 is a better blade . You can sharpen the LU87R010 more times , because of the large size of carbide teeth it has . The LU87R010 is just a more professional blade .
 This blade is great for ripping with the grain . The thin kerf and coating allow it to cut with low resistance on underpowered saws . It will burn on wide crosscuts and cause tearout . Take Freud 's description as gospel ... ripping blade . If you need a general purpose blade , this is not it .
 This is an inexpensive blade that will make your 1-3/4 hp contractor able saw feel more powerful . It will handle 8/4 hardwood . It leaves swirl marks that sand out with the typical 120 and 150 grits.I did not experience any burning . Although the cuts are not glass-smooth , it did improve the performance of my tablesaw compared to a full kerf industrial combination blade .
 I got this saw blade thinking it was a little expensive but oh well I needed one . I make my own lumber and that is what I use this for on my table saw . The blade I was using was not getting the job done at all . I ripped 4X4 's and more and it just went through the wood like it was butter . I only look at the freud brand of blades now . excellent product for the money . In fact based on preformance it does not cost hardly anything at all
 I replaced a couple of Delta combo blades -LRB- a 40 tooth and 50 tooth -RRB- . The first thing I cut through was an 8/4 piece of White oak . First , it cut through it with minimal effort . The old combo blades required some muscle to push a 2x6 through . I did a couple of taper cuts too . No problems with it trying to follow the grain.There were no burn marks on the wood . There were minor blade nicks , but compared to my old combo blades , this is a gem . The old blades would burn and scar the wood no matter what I did.I picked up a 60 tooth crosscut blade . I have n't had to use it yet . If it cuts like this , it will be a good one .
 I bought this for resawing softwood stock down for spindle work . Not too much strain on the table saw and the pieces squared up nicely . Short of a couple hundred for a small bandsaw , I 'd recommend it for such general resawing-ripping work . No flex in the blade that I can see , little burn or pitch build up -- so far . For under $ 30 , exactly what I needed . For hardwoods , I 'd say the saw motor should be packing a lot of horses though .
 Freud/Diablo 10 inch 24-tooth ripping saw blades ca n't be beat for quality and durability . We have used them for several years . We sometime buy blades that are more expensive thinking we can get something better and do n't . We sometimes buy blades that are on sale and cheaper but do not get the life as we do with the Diablo . We always come back to the Diablo . It may not be the best but for the money it works best for us . For me if it does n't saw Freud i do n't want to waste my time . We get to the job site and need to get work done , not spend time changing blades .
 I used this blade with a DeWalt 8.5-inch sliding compound miter saw on my recent flooring project . I was putting down a laminate/composite floor . The recommendation of the flooring manufacturer was for a carbide blade with a lot of teeth -LRB- 60 on a 10-inch blade -RRB- . I had to cut many angles because of the shape of the room and the saw/blade worked very well . Cut surfaces were very smooth - almost like they were planed . No chipping of the laminate surface , except to a very minor degree when I had to plunge the blade because the angle put the start of the cut right at the edge of the material.I also used a laser guide with this blade . The laser guide is reliably at the left edge of the kerf , so you can get very close to the exact cut location you want.The cutting noise is a bit lower than carbide blades with fewer teeth.No complaints - the blade works as advertised . I also have a 7.25 '' Freud carbide blade on my circular saw -LRB- a Milwaukee -RRB- and it works well . This is one reason I decided on the Freud for the DeWalt saw .
 I bought this blade as a last-chance hope to use on a 1950s vintage combination machine tool , the ShopSmith 10er . The saw function is admitted to be the most compromised of the various options , and the tool is powered by its original 1/2HP motor . Other saw blades ... even new ones ... failed to cut through 1/4 stock without binding and gave a lousy cut to boot . I had pretty much decided to not use the 10er as a saw at all ... but then this blade arrived . It whipped through 2x4s without blinking and gave a cut that was razor-clean besides . Highest recommendation !
 This blade is an excellent value according to any criteria you might apply . It is exceedingly sharp , remarkably quiet and wobble free . It is the exact size required for my Dewalt sliding arm compound miter saw . The blade is decidedly better than any option available from the saw manufacturer . It is also a much better value than the so-called premium blades at better than twice the price . It is even cheaper to buy online with free shipping than it is to purchase it at the local mass market home improvement store . I have used miter saws for both hobby and professional applications for more than 20 years , especially for high end custom hardwood trimwork , and this is the very best blade I have used .
 I purchased this finish blade from Amazon on 10/2010 for my table saw.I have used it for 16 plus months -LRB- doing an interior rehab of a 6 room apt . -RRB- I have put it through it 's paces cutting all types of plywoods , OSB , pine , PVC ,300 sq.ft . of laminate floors , 300 sq. ft. of carbonized strand bamboo . A lot of which was finish work.It just keeps on making great clean cuts . I have done a thorough cleaning of the blade twicewith another product I purchased from Amazon , '' Trend tool and Bit Cleaner '' see my review of that product.A great blade , price & service from Amazon
 I loved the first one . Lasted through what seemed like thousands of cuts on my Hitachi mitre saw . Glass-smooth cuts .
 I use this blade on a Hitachi Sliding Miter Saw with excellent results . I prefer Forrest Blades for the ultimate in fine work , but this is a good substitute for a lot less money .
 I 've just finished cutting quite a few maple boards using myHitachi C8FSE 8-1/2 - Inch Sliding Compound Miter Saw . The cut surface was absolutely smooth with virtually no chipping on the edges . I 've had similar results cutting through oak and other hardwood.I 've also used this blade -LRB- although a different one -RRB- to cut through 1/8 '' aluminum and 1/16 '' brass stock . It 's not a recommended use , as the hook angle of the teeth is wrong , but it worked and the cuts were smooth . -LRB- If you need to do a lot of metal cutting , you should invest in a blade specifically designed for that purpose - CMT 225.060.08 8-1/2 '' x 60 Tooth , .122 Kerf , 5/8 '' Bore Non-Ferrous Metal , PVC & Melamine Cutting Miter Saw Blade -RRB- or theHitachi 998864 8-1/2 - Inch 60 Tooth Non-Ferrous Metal Cutting Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch Arbor
 I have used this and other Freud blades , and have found them to be of consistently high quality , giving excellent cut quality . For my needs as a hobbyist/homeowner they are an ideal choice . Will gladly buy another if and when I wear this one out .
 Freud D0860S Diablo 8-1/2 - Inch 60 Tooth Fine Finishing Miter Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch ArborI purchased the saw blade to put on my miter saw . I am using it to true up all of the walnut lumber that I am using to build two trestle tables and benches . The blade gives nice clean cuts without splintering . Nice mirror like cuts . Good value when considering the value of the walnut that I am cutting !
 Bought this for my DeWalt DW746 saw - which uses a 81/4 - 81/2 '' -LRB- not so easy to find in the local stores -RRB- ... Love Freud products in general - this blade does not disappoint!Only made a few cuts in so 2x4 stock and a bit of laminated shelf material - but the crosscuts are perfectly clean and sharp ... very minor chipping on the laminated shelf material . Zipped through the 2x4 stock like a hot knife through butter ... `` When '' this blade ever gets dull - it 'll definitely go out to be resharpened ...
 I bought this for my Bosch 51/2 '' 12volt circular saw that I bought on impulse a couple of years ago and was never happy with it . It seemed the battery would run down too quick and the cuts were a struggle to get thru a 1 '' piece of stock . Put the saw , 2 batteries , and charger out at my garage sale for $ 30 and no takers ! After reading the reviews here about this blade I decided to take a chance . I can not beleive the difference from the stock blade , it 's like cutting with my corded bosch saw and get cuts almost as clean as my miter saw . Can not say enough good things . This blade made a greater jump in cut quality then changing up to a Woodworker II blade did on my table saw . It saved this little saw , I would n't sell it now -LRB- it 's my faveorite saw now -RRB-
 Had trouble finding decent blades for my Dewalt saw . Bought two of these and they work very well . Hardly any tearout in plywood , yet had no problem with oak 1x 's . I strongly recommend this if you have a trim saw.Most of all the price is right .
 I own a cordless Ryobi Circular saw . I have tried various blades from 24T thru 40T from several manufacturers . This blade is by far the best . The cuts are smooth in anything I have cut -LRB- pine , oak , masonite , thin plywood -RRB- . Seems to cut easier thus using less battery . For trim work , this is the blade I recommend and use .
 Regardless of the size , these Diablo saw blades are tough and long lasting , I have purchased sizes from 4.5 to 7.25 and am very happy .
 Freud does not make a 53/8 inch , 36 tooth circular blade with 5/8 arbor . The freud blade sent me had a 10 mm arbor that I had bored out to 5/8 inch . The revised freud blade makes a very smooth cut in cabinet grade plywood with crisp corners . It does the job nearly as well as my Forest blade in my cabinet saw .
 The blade fits my 10mm arbor perfectly , and cuts effortlessly for a fine tooth . Makes perfect cuts in 3/4 cabinet grade plywood , with no tearout . Trims oak 1 inch with no problem . Works much better than the Oldham blade I have used since I bought the saw . Am looking for a Freud framing blade with the same 10mm arbor for use in general construction .
 Works great . Knocked off a star because it 's 5-3/8 '' , not 5-1/2 '' . It almost sands the wood while you are cutting it .
 Simply outstanding . I 've installed 600 sq feet of 3/4 inch braz cherry hardwoods , all with my cordless and these blades . I purchased 3 blades and used all of them for this job . I ripped a few boards for the final row and the blade just cuts right through this dense wood . Just ordered 3 more for future projects .
 Expected quality and got it . Glad they make this size ... way better than OEM blade . Thin kerf and slick blade goes through material easily . Always had success with Freud so I 'm sticking with them .
 I used this blade on my 18v Ryobi to cut laminate flooring planks over the weekend , it did an excellent job . The cuts were clean , almost like someone sanded them . Cutting though some scrap 2x4 as a test was effortless with the Diablo compared to the OEM blade , which had a problem of sticking . I bought the Diablo because it was n't that much more expensive than the traditional style blades . The Diablo blades are a huge step up from the OEM blades that come with saws and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have a Craftsman C3 51/2 '' saw . I bought this blade because the 18T blade that is on the saw makes cuts with bad tear out and a rough finish . It was fine for cutting scraps up for firewood but that 's it.This Freud 36T blade produces almost a glass smooth finish with next to no tear out . I 'm totally happy with the blade . THANKS FREUD !
 I have an expensive-but-oh-so-worth-it Diablo blade on my 12 '' miter saw , so when I needed a fresh , sharp blade for my Ryobi cordless trim saw I looked to Freud products first . I got this to help my resident Boy Scout cut up a huge whiteboard into smaller sections , and as expected , the Freud blade produced sharp-edged , chip-free cuts.Highly recommended . Just be sure to keep the carbide teeth clean of resinous gunk to keep it cutting well .
 You do n't realize you have a bad saw blade until you replace it and this blade cuts through wood like butter ... you 'd be amazed at how tear-outs become non-existent and how quickly you can cut through a piece of wood cleanly.I 've replaced my table saw 's blade as well and it 's wonderful . The Diablo brand is better and cheaper than the competitors .
 This blade gives cross cuts as smooth as glass ! Very thin kerf , and high quality carbide . I threw away the blade that came with my saw !
 These blades cut like a hot knife through butter and they seem to last forever .
 This blade has little-to-zero `` chip-out '' . Then end-cuts are so smooth , they seem polished ! Forget getting cheaper contractor blades in the future . These are worth every penny , for not having to clean-up the cuts ! What a time-saver !
 Very happy with this item and the service . Just what I ordered and on time .
 I have used this blade for a number of years building furniture , military shadow boxes and home remodeling . It always cuts smooth as glass . Problem most people have is with the gaping hole around the blade in their table saws . Use a zero clearance throat plate , backup board with the miter and make sure the blade is at the right height . Another trick I use to get minor chip out is blue painters tape . Holds the fibers in place until the blade passes . This blade cuts almost as nice as my $ 120 Forrest WW10407125 Woodworker II . Hope these tips help and good luck with your projects !
 Good blade for the price . Used in a 10 '' Rigid contractor 's table saw , produces smooth rips and crosscuts in poplar , pine , MDF , and red oak with minimal tear out . Definitely cleaner than OEM Rigid blade , closs to Freud/Rigid topline blades if you do n't force the cut and take your time . Would definitely buy again .
 Excellent blade for both crosscut and ripping if you do not want to change blades.Have cut crown molding for eight rooms with no splintering.Highly recommend this blade .
 I probably would classify myself as an intermediate wood worker . I am definitely not a cabinet maker . That being said , I do require the tools that I do use to work well for the purpose they are intended . What I do require in a circular saw blade is sharpness , perfect balance and -LRB- wobble -RRB- free . You may say I have an intolerance for a circular saw blade that wobbles!I first saw this Freud blade in a relative 's shop . I noticed that it ran perfectly true in roundness and was wobble free . I said if I can get one just like it that runs that smooth -- That 's for me ; So I ordered it from Amazon . I think Homedepot also carries the Freud line , but at the time Amazon was offering it very competitavely and shipping free.I was not disappointed . I frequently refer to a high RPM tool that has precision built in as -- running like a Jet engine -- all you hear is a smooth whistling sound , and when you watch it going through a cut or just running free there is no -LRB- wobble -RRB- . With -LRB- no wobble -RRB- and 40 teeth the -LRB- general purpose -RRB- gives a surprisingly smooth cut and yet rips well too . If Freud is making all their blades to this standard of excellence they are doing everything right in my book , and at the right price .
 Beautiful cut with no burrs and very fast delivery.Very good blade . Very good blade . Very good blade Very good blade . Very good blade.Very good blade . Very good blade . Very good blade Very good blade . Very good blade.Very good blade . Very good blade . Very good blade Very good blade . Very good blade.Very good blade . Very good blade . Very good blade Very good blade . Very good blade .
 I was in need of a new blade for my table saw , and I found this one . I have been using it for about a week , and it cuts just fine .
 I ordered this 10 '' Freud Diablo saw blade through Amazon , and it arrived a few days later . the blade is a great bargain , and I am anxious to try it out . I will rate it 4 stars now and after I use it I will rate it again
 sturdy and long rails provide ample length for any size drawer . make sure you have a decent blade to make a nice , clean cut .
 i bought a used filing cabinet and it was missing some metal rails , looked everywhere , finally amazon had them , i did had to cut them but they fit good .
 Loved this system ! I needed to add hanging files to a wide drawer and was afraid that a free standing unit would never stay in place . This system was easy to install , will never move out of place and looks very neat and professional .
 This product performed better than expected . Installation was flawless , and it 's a quality product . I would recommend to anyone wanting to add file rails to a wooden file drawer .
 Regardless of the size , these Diablo saw blades are tough and long lasting , I have purchased sizes from 4.5 to 7.25 and am very happy .
 This is a 3/8 '' Arbor ! , NOT 5/8 '' . Will NOT fit MAKITA Saws . It 's for Dewalt 10mm arbored saws -LRB- I 'm pretty sure , anyway . I only have Makita . -RRB- . So beware !
 When I bought the 81/4 '' Makita saw , I was n't prepared for the premium I 'd have to pay for appropriately sized blades , which are n't generally available in my local stores . Surprise ! Fortunately , Freud provides a blade with an exceptionally clean cut -LRB- I 'm using a Makita saw , as I mentioned , and the EurekaZone track system , for cuts as clean and true as those from my table saw -RRB- . No burns , so far , in anything I 've cut -LRB- mostly maple plywood -RRB- . Looks like this blade is going to last me a while . When I need another one , I 'll probably wind getting the exact same blade if I can . What else can I say ?
 This is a very versatile , smooth cutting blade . I have used the same blade before and like it very much.This blade at $ 28.86 is identical to the TKR304 blade listed elsewhere by Amazon at $ 32.99 . They are both manufactured in Italy , perhaps at different times .
 As many other reviewers said , the blade is closer to 8 &#34; , actually it is more precisely 8.05 &#34; in diameter . I bought it for an early 90 's model 81/4 &#34; radial arm saw , and the ~ 1/8 &#34; off each side really does n't make a difference . Diablo blades are always great , clean cuts , never burns , and they last forever . Strongly recommend this product to anyone who needs a blade in that 8-8 1/4 &#34; range , even though its closer to 8 &#34; it will still perform admirably .
 I have purchased this blade in the past and like it . Cuts smooth and accurate . lasts a long time also
 Freud never disappoints . They are the best blade you can buy for the money as far as I am concerned .
 Saw blades arrived on time . Sharp and read to use . Good price for good cutting saw blades . Will order again instead of having them sharpened .
 Regardless of the size , these Diablo saw blades are tough and long lasting , I have purchased sizes from 4.5 to 7.25 and am very happy .
 These blades were purchased to be used on the circular saws that I use with my EurekaZone woodworking system . They are great . They have a very thin kerf and cut quickly . I have discovered that for re-sawing oak , they work well on the table saw too . I recently needed some 5/16 '' oak strips to use as stop on windows I was replacing . I was able to rip the 3/4 '' stock to the 1-1/2 '' width I needed , then re-saw them , having enough thickness that they could then be planed to the required thickness . I therefore got two rather than one piece from the stock and did n't have to fool with tricky re-sawing on the band saw .
 I recieved the product the next day using free shipping and that was unexpected . The blades are great leave little splintering and come in a nice box that keeps the baldes together till needed .
 I got these for keeping all my music equipment on my little hand cart -LRB- amp , cables , music and guitar stand , etc. -RRB- , and they work great . They 're not that long , so if you need it for small applications like me they 're perfect , otherwise get some longer ones . I 'll be buying more from these guys in the future as my equipment needs grow .
 This saw blade not only cuts oak like butter , it produces such a smooth finish no sanding is necessary . Am using it on my table saw and checked it for warpage . Blade indicated within .005 '' .
 The most important thing about this blade is the ease of cut . I ripped full depth with my Skilsaw on 6 '' RR ties . The saw plowed right through no matter which way I cut , cross , or rip.The only down side is , as stated before , depth of cut is shallow . I do n't know where the 8-1/4 '' comes in . Maybe 8 '' to 8-1/4 '' the tolerance band they give themselves in manufacturing . And some blades will be bigger than others . It 's all in the luck of the draw.On the whole though , even with the bigger and beefier saw , the quality of the cut between the Freud and the stock , Skil blade was night and day . the Skil is a true 8-1/4 '' but it did n't cut like the Freud , Quality blade , perfect if not for the size .
 Freud is a very good blade . This was a fair price . Fast arrival Very good buy ! Saw blde is very sharp and the design make it cut through oak like a knife through hot butter .
 I bought this blade and one of the 40 tooth versions for my Makita 5008 saw . I use this saw on a Eurekazone Power Bench set up . This blade performs flawlessly . I seldom use the 40 tooth because this one cuts so smoothly . For plywood or dimensional lumber this blade works just fine.JB
 I use this 8 inch blade on an old table saw I love . The first job I did with it was ripping some 2x PT stock - it cut through it like butter . The price was unbelievable .
 The Porter Cable Sawboss is my go to saw hands down . The only problem is the 6 `` size and 1/2 '' arbor is hard to find . This Frued is cheaper than the PC blades , and they 're awesome . The first thing I did with this blade was cut down some doors . I always score the top side first to prevent chipping , but for some reason , I made a test cut without scoring and it was perfect . In total , I cut eight doors , two of them top and bottom , without scoring and absolutely no chipping . That 's something I might expect from a Forrest blade on the table saw , but not a circular saw . I do n't expect that aspect to last the life of the blade , but I 'm impressed by how well-made this blade is . If you own a Sawboss , you ca n't go wrong with this blade - quality and cost .
 Good blade for the price . Teflon coating reduces drag and heat build up . You get a nice smooth cut with this blade .
 I had a tough time finding a 1/2 inch arbor for my old circular saw . I found this one at Amazon and have been very satisfied with its performance . The thin kerf is very helpful on delicate cuts .
 My saw is a Porter Cable Saw Boss . It 's a great saw , but the 6-inch blades are hard to find . It 's good that Freud sees fit to make them . The cutting ability of my saw was improved with the new blade , even though the blade on the saw already was still very sharp . I like Freud blades , and use them on my table saw , too .
 I am very pleased with my Diablo Trim Saw Blade . The Diablo Trim Saw Blade cuts fast and produces extremely clean-cut edges . The product was shipped in a timely manner and is an excellent purchase for the price .
 Very thin blade kerf , cuts well and cuts clean . Lasts through many cuts and carbide tips hold edge well . Recommended
 The blades arrived ahead of schedule and are just as desceibed . As a professional finish carpenter I use many circular saw blades and these blades by Freud rank among the best . Thin kerf , clean cuts , long lasting and priced right . What more can I ask ?
 I recently purchased a used Porter Cable saw and the blade was damaged . I looked for replacement blades at several retail stores in the area and they did not stock 6 '' blades for the saw . Amazon had the blades at a reasonable cost . The blade arrived in the mail shortly after the order was placed in perfect condition . The blade is made by a reputable company and fit the saw perfectly . I have use the saw with the new blade with good results .
 Great prices on current product . Shipped very quickly and packed well in original manufactureBox . High quality faucet in beautiful finish .
 I recently purchased the Kohler Finial Widespread Lavatory faucet at Amazon.com for a powder room renovation that required a sleek and elegant faucet . The Finial lavatory faucet surpassed my expectations and is another quality product from Kohler . You will not be disappointed if you purchase this beautiful faucet !
 I recently purchased a used Porter Cable saw and the blade was damaged . I looked for replacement blades at several retail stores in the area and they did not stock 6 '' blades for the saw . Amazon had the blades at a reasonable cost . The blade arrived in the mail shortly after the order was placed in perfect condition . The blade is made by a reputable company and fit the saw perfectly . I have use the saw with the new blade with good results .
 This blade cuts great with my porter cable 19 volt cordless saw.I think its probably the best blade I 've used with it
 My saw is a Porter Cable Saw Boss . It 's a great saw , but the 6-inch blades are hard to find . It 's good that Freud sees fit to make them . The cutting ability of my saw was improved with the new blade , even though the blade on the saw already was still very sharp . I like Freud blades , and use them on my table saw , too .
 I had a hard time finding a 6 inch , 1/2 inch arbor blade of good quality . This is a great one for the price - clean , smooth cutting ; and the blade runs quieter and cooler that other blade I have used on the same saw in the past . I would recommend it .
 It 's been harder to find 6 '' blades for my two Porter Cable Saw Bosses . I have been using Freud Diablo blades for years now with my bigger saws . Cuts are smooth and quick . No great surprise .
 I use this blade in my Porter Cable Saw Boss circular saw . The blade cuts extremely well making a smooth cut with a thin kerf . The blade does seem to flex a little when you put sideways pressure such as to correct the cut line - I guess due to it being so thin.The durability will be determined later after I have more use . It is a great price value and I will continue to buy these from Freud if they holdup as I get more use from the blade .
 I replaced the original blade that came on my porter cable 6 '' trim saw with this one form Freud . the freud blade is much smoother , cuts a thinner kerf and is a joy to use . great blade at a great price
 On my Porter Cable Saw Boss 6 '' blades are hard to come by and not many choices . After trying most of the others if not all I can say this is the best I have used . Cuts nice , accurate and lasts a long time . I will be buying more for stock in my tool box .
 Not many of these blades on the market with this size of arbor . I 'm glad Diablo is one of them !
 Very thin blade kerf , cuts well and cuts clean . Lasts through many cuts and carbide tips hold edge well . Recommended
 This blade cuts well , but I ran into a problem with it . I have a Porter Cable Saw Boss , as do many other reviewers of this product . When I first mounted the blade , it wobbled while it was on the arbor even though the flange was tightened as tight as possible . I noticed that the original blade that I was replacing is 0.053 '' thick , by my measurements . This is the blade thickness , not the kerf width . The Diablo is 0.040 '' thick , again by my measurements . This difference in thickness was enough on my saw to prevent the flange from pressing up against the blade when the bolt is tightened , causing the blade to wobble . I fixed the problem by buying a 0.5 '' x 0.875 '' x 18 gauge machine bushing at the local hardware store , and putting it between the flange and the bolt . This fixed the wobble and the blade cuts well . This problem may be particular to my individual Saw Boss , as I am surprised that no other Saw Boss owners mentioned this problem .
 I am using this for my 6 '' Porter cable boss saw . Perfect fit , hard to find in local stores . . Cuts wood like butter . . Awesome !
 Excellent , thin , and very fast cutting . Cuts hardwood like it is butter ; great with my new Makita 610 .
 This blade cuts like a dream through anything I put it on . No issues at all with Diablo blades .
 Bought this based upon the reviews and have to agree - it really polished up the already great performance of my Milwaukee M18 cordless circular saw.These are the only blades I 've been using since June '09 and have no need to try anything else . In fact I now only use the 7-1/4 '' version of this blade in my SkilSaw wormdrive , and my fullsize corded Milwaukee 6394 . They all cut effortlessly , cleanly , and noticeably reduce the saw effort . I even mark and keep the old blades that have hit nails and whatnot as my ` nail blades ' for questionable cuts because , even after abuse , they perform quite well .
 I have been using Diablo blades now for over 5 yrs . on my corded circular saws . Now that we 've put them on the cordless saws it 's like having totally different saws ! Reasonable cost and quality are important factors to me when purchasing tools for my business and these blades offer both !!!!
 This blade is by far the best blade out there for any cordless saw . Makes the saw seem like it has the power of a corded saw . Makes a very thin cut and does n't bind . I 've been in construction for 12 years and have used all the brands and this is number 1 . I only use Freud blades in all my saws . My 12 '' Makita compound miter saw has the finishing blade and makes the most perfect miters in any kind of wood . I highly recommend these blades , they save your time and money .
 Then this blade will do it . Typical of Freud , it cuts very smoothly and with much less effort than other blades which seem to slog their way through the material . Do n't let the words `` framing blade '' lull you into thinking that this is for coarse work only . This blade is excellent for all round cutting ... from framing to finish . It cut plywood much better than a brand new DeWalt veneer blade . We have put many miles on these diablo blades -LRB- running on Makita 18v LXT saws -RRB- , and they go the distance . With this blade , you 'll be prepared for the next time you need to cut one .
 I got this sooner than expected which made me happy . It was a little cheaper than other blades I have used while being just as good if not better quality .
 I recently bought a second 20 volt DeWalt rip saw and needed a blade ; saw this one on Amazon , so I purchased it.My first use was to rip a piece of 3/4 inch plywood . The Diablo blade did a nice job . In fact , it effortlessly sliced though the board with a clean cut ... like a hot knife through butter.There was little drag and no gumming . Plus , its stabilizer vents provided for less vibration . I am pleased with this blade ; will probably buy more when needed .
 Hands down best blade for your cordless saw . Cuts thru lumber like butter wo n't be disappointed . Blade stays sharp just watch what you cut .
 I learned last summer when I changed the blade in my old corded skill saw to a Diablo , that these blades are simply better - in every way . So when I threw down for a Bosch 18v cordless , I started out with one . Since I have never actually run the saw with the stock blade , I ca n't actually compare it , but , `` if it ai n't broke ... '' The cordless saw cuts through nearly everything , is incredibly accurate , and almost never bogs down . I 'm going to go out on a limb here and give the blade some credit for that behavior .
 Super fast cutting and does n't bog down my saw . I 'm using it on an 18Volt Dewalt . Very pleased with the performance .
 This is the must have blade for myMakita Bare-Tool BSS611Z 18-Volt LXT Lithium-Ion Cordless 6-1/2 - Inch Circular Saw.It 's affordable and cuts wood like butter , just do n't hit a nail or you will lose a couple of teeth . The only reason I keep any other blades around is in case I need to cut something that has nails or staples!The Diablo is THE Circular saw blade !
 i have a makita 18v lithium kit and i have tried many blades but this one is the best . it gets the most out of your battery . i recently used it on a laminate flooring project and it outpreformed other blades that are suposedly made for this . it is like the energizer bunny of cordless saw blades . i wo n't use anything else in my cordless saw from now on . i just got the 40 tooth version and it is great also .
 Its a good blade that last long . Worth the money.You will save money cause it last way longer then the lower end blades .
 I have 18 volt cordless Ridgid tooks and i was thinking the motor was going out or the batterys were starting to not hold a charge i could only cut about a 12 '' run and it would wan na stop running with my saw . I just thought i would try a new blade and damn cuts like a hot knife thru butter this blade is VERY nice i would give this blade a 5 star all day long
 The cut is smooth and perfect . For blade design works far better than any i have used . I would recommend this for multiple purposes .
 I cut oak 4x4 's like butter with this blade . Just turned the 4x4 3 times since its only a 6.5 '' blade . I use this blade on my Makita LXT 18v saw . Best blade I have ever used . Well worth the $ 10 i paid for it . -LRB- Actually I would spend more for this blade -RRB- . I am buying a few more right now ! This is a 24 tooth for fast cuts . If you want a nice finished edge on soft or thin wood get a 40 tooth .
 I use it on my Hitachi battery powered trim saw and it works pretty well . The only question will be how long it lasts .
 I purchased this blade for a Makita 611 18v Li-Ion Circular Saw because the stock Makita blades were n't giving me good results on straight and bevel cuts . A friend swears by Freud blades , so I figured I would take the chance at this price -LRB- which is very reasonable -RRB- and see if all the hype was backed by results . First off , it performs extremely well in a cordless saw . Where the stock blade would stutter or slow down , this blade cuts right through without missing a beat . Second , no matter the cut , the cuts are clean and true - bevel , cross , or straight it 's a perfect cut every time . Third , I was impressed with the small amount of dust created compared to other blades and saws - the dust is still there of course , but the design of the blade keeps it from flying into your field of vision as much and directs it under the cutting surface.As with any cordless saw , you have to know the limitations of your saw and to take things a little more slowly in most cases than with a standard corded saw . If you know what you are doing with your cordless circular , then this blade ca n't be beat .
 Only brand of blades I buy . Have them in miter saws , table saws and hand saws . I used to buy other brands until I bought one of these .
 This blade works very well in my Bosch 18V circular saw.In fact , the saw was performing so poorly , that I was on theverge of giving up on it , until I discovered this blade.The saw was binding , slowing down , and sometimes stoppingcompletely when attempting cuts in 2x8 and 2x6 fir lumber.It would make maybe four or five cuts on a fully charged battery.I tried two different , brand new blades -LRB- one of them by Bosch -RRB- and got the same dismal performance.On a whim , I decided to give this Freud D0624X Diablo a try , hoping that the non-stick coating would improve things.In a word , Wow!The difference is like night and day.I can now make at least two dozen cuts before recharging the battery -LRB- in 2x8 lumber -RRB- . The saw no longer feels sluggish and underpowered.I 'm sure there are other good brands of saw blade out there -- after all I 've only tried three of them - but this particular Freudblade exceeded my expectations considerably.Hope this helps other cordless circular saw owners .
 Like the other guy , I almost gave up on my Dewalt 18 volt -LRB- lithium ion -RRB- circular saw.I would have never figured a $ 10 blade would make that big of a difference . The other blades would bog down the motor . Not this one ... it cuts really smooth and quick without bogging.My corded 77 will continue to stay on the shelf in my shop now thanks to the earlier reviewers .
 Regardless of the size , these Diablo saw blades are tough and long lasting , I have purchased sizes from 4.5 to 7.25 and am very happy .
 A definite step up from the factory blade on most saws . This is my favorite blade to use for general use . Crosscuts and rips wonderfully for your framing needs . I have even used new blades for some of my fine woodworking projects . Makes you saw run easier and faster .
 cuts 2xs ,3 / 4 '' osb , 3/4 '' oak like butter . I use the freud blades in my 61/2 '' dewalt 18 volt saw and there is no comparison to other blades . Watch for amazon sales and get them cheaper than the fat blades
 I got this blade for my 18v Makita cordless saw after reading the other reviews . This blade gave a much better cut than a 40 tooth blade I bought from another manufacturer . I used this blade to make numerous types of cuts -LRB- crosscut and rip -RRB- in Brazilian Cherry hardwood flooring without a problem . And the pre-finished flooring did not chip , etc. . This blade gives a very fine cut . Would not hesitate to buy this blade again . And it is reasonably priced to boot . If you have a cordless saw , do yourself a favor and get this blade . You will not be disappointed in the price/performance .
 Like all Freud blades these are top quality at a great price , I bought the 4 for the price of 3 deal . I get longer battery life with these blades over the others and it may because of the coating on the blade .
 i have been using diablo blades on all my saws since before they were red . i was glad to finally see the 61/2 inch blade for cordless saws , because my cordless -LRB- milwaukee -RRB- was just hopeless . as soon as i saw the 61/2 inch blade i put it on that saw and things got a lot better.if you havent tried a diablo , try the 61/2 on your cordless . you will like it enough that you will tell somebody about it . i use them on all my saws because you just cant get a better blade .
 I purchased this as a cheaper alternative to buying the original Milwaukee sawblades for the V28 cordless saw . I have found these blades to be superior in longevity and improving battery life with it 's very thin kerf . Solid .
 Second to none in my opinion & Amazon always has the best price . I even use it to cut Hardiplank .
 Have only used it for a few cuts so far , but it has been a joy to work with . I was really surprised at how much less dust it puts out than the stock blade , and how smoothly it glides through the wood . I am sold !
 I 'm reviewing the Diablo 6-1/2 - Inch 24-Tooth , which I 'm using in my Milwaukee V18 cordless circle saw . I bought a Diablo blade for my corded circle saw a few years back at Home Depot , and was seriously impressed by how well it cut -- smooth , easy , and fast . It was the best circle saw blade I 'd ever used.When I ran across the 61/2 '' version here on Amazon , I snapped one up thinking that its smooth cutting and ultra-thin kerf would be outstanding characteristics for a cordless saw . That 's definitely true . This Diablo blade + Lithium Ion batteries = about as close to cordless circle saw bad-assery as you 're likely to get .
 I purchased these blades for my 61/2 '' DeWalt cordless saw . I have been using 10 '' Diablos in my miter saw and table saw , so expected them to be of the same quality . The 24 tooth ATB blade cuts faster and easier than a DeWalt 20 tooth ! There is less effort to cut through material and a smoother cut . Definitely will be buying them again .
 It was nice to find this blade at Amazon since they are so difficult to get at the local warehouse store . I used these to cut custom cuts on Hardiplank fibre cement siding for my house . You could definitely tell the difference between a worn blade and a new blade but considering that I was doing all my ripping and cut outs with it as well as my shingles I was very pleased with the duration . I used each blade for about 3 days before having to retire them . Very nice to be able to use my cordless 28v milwaukee vs. a corded fullsize skillsaw . I used 3 of these putting up 1800 square feet of siding -LRB- 2 squares were shingles -RRB- . The kerf of the blade seemed signifcantly smaller compared to the 71/4 '' blades .
 Using this blade in a Bosch battery powered saw . Amazingly thin and fast cutting , extending the number of cuts before a battery change . The red stuff is slippery teflon which does a good job reducing binding against wood . A negative aspect is that the teflon also covers the mounting hole so the saws nut does not grab the blade as well as it should . I scraped off the teflon with a knife around the mounting hole to fix this . Other than that , best saw blade I ever used .
 I am new to Diablo products , but have been pleasently surprised by this blade . It has responded to all I have asked of it for my rough saw work .
 Regardless of the size , these Diablo saw blades are tough and long lasting , I have purchased sizes from 4.5 to 7.25 and am very happy .
 The Freud Diablo makes a thin kerf -LRB- blade cut -RRB- smooth cut . I have used other brands such as Craftsman , Black and Decker , etc. this is a premium blade and worth the money . Delivered on time and in top condition .
 This has to be one of the best finish blades for a 71/4 '' CS , and it goes for about $ 15 !!! You ca n't beat it for value . It has great quality cuts and cuts fast with very little flex . Great for thin hardwood , plywood , or even just pine ;-RRB- Very little splintering , smooth cuts , with little or no burning . It holds an edge for a long time -LRB- 200 + feet of cuts and still does well -RRB- . There are better blades for finish quality cuts on a CS , but for $ 15 ?!? For my circular saws , it is either this blade or a framing blade .
 I 've been using Diablo blades for a few years now , and nothing beats them . Freud knows cutting tools ; why look any farther ?
 After reading several other reviews I thought this information would be helpful.Some users report short-life from this blade . That may be true under certain circumstances , but it usually is n't the blade 's fault . Here 's how you can get cleaner , safer , smoother cuts and MUCH more life from this or any other good blade .1 - Keep it clean . `` pitch '' -- that gummy residue from wood -- increases friction and heat . There are several products marketed specifically for keeping blades clean . They work fine , but I have found that no product works better than rubbing alcohol . Rubbing alcohol is inexpensive and widely available at any pharmacy . I will assume anyone reading this is careful enough to UNPLUG THE SAW before cleaning the blade or making any other adjustment .2 - Material considerations ... Cutting plywood is tough on any blade because plywood has multiple layers of glue . Glue heats up and gets sticky FAST . Long rips and multiple rips make the blade hot anyway , and a hot blade melts glue faster than a cool blade . So just be aware , ANY BLADE from any manufacturer will wear faster in plywood .3 - Lubrication ... You can minimize friction with a light coat of paste-wax or paraffin . You do n't need to be perfectly even in the application of either . A quick dab of wax or a few strokes with the paraffin stick will quickly spread itself in about one-second into the first cut . Lube both sides of the blade roughly equally to reduce warping , and do n't forget to lube the teeth . Once you make the first cut , the wax or paraffin will spread evenly everywhere and the excess will disappear.Again ... please UNPLUG THE SAW when you lubricate the blade . I have seen some pros turn their saws upside down and hold a paraffin stick against the running blade . It makes me cringe to think what might happen . The fact is all pros know the value of lubricating cutting tools , but most of us are not in that big of a hurry . Take your time and unplug the saw . A trip to the emergency room costs time , money and pain .4 - Cut Straight ! Wandering cuts cause excess friction , heat and wear . Free-hand cutting is a skill that requires concentration and practice to achieve good technique . Using a straight-edge saw-guide is easier and works for novices and pros alike . Whenever I hear someone complain about their saw-blades getting dull too fast , I look at how they use the saw . The problem is most-often the user , not the blade . You do NOT need an expensive saw-guide , although many of them work well . A cheap straight edge can be quickly made -LRB- in about ten minutes -RRB- from ANY board with a straight factory-cut edge and a piece of scrap plywood.This blade -LRB- and other blades like it from Freud -RRB- have a slippery coating designed to reduce wear , but I have found that even these good blades work better and last longer with frequent lubrication.I have used this blade and other Freud edge-tool products for decades and never experienced premature wear . Their products are consistent and very well-made . Considering the low price , I consider them to be a great value too . This 40-tooth model makes smooth cuts , especially when you use the tips presented here.IF you want joinery-quality cuts from this blade , you can get them . You just need to install an abrasive sheet -LRB- sandpaper -RRB- to the sides . You can buy the commercially made round sheets for this , -LRB- they ARE convenient ! -RRB- or make your own . I cut mine from cheap 180 grit aluminum-oxide sheets , using a compass and an X-acto knife , then attach them with 3M super 77 spray adhesive . This is about one-tenth the cost of commercial products like `` Final-Cut . `` For clean-straight cuts , you must be certain that your saw-blade is parallel to the cutting-guide and that it is at a perfect 90 degrees to the work . DeWalt , and Bosch saws have adjustments for that . Most saws do not . Even if you have a cheap saw , you can make the blade run parallel to the cutting-guide by shimming the edges with UHMW tape . Setting the blade perpendicular to the work can be adjusted similarly by shimming the base-plate . You can do both adjustments roughly with a decent square , or you can get them `` dead '' perfect with a dial indicator . I get the best results with a dial indicator and the TS aligner . < < < -LRB- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! -RRB- Please do not take my comments as negative towards the other reviewers who have expressed their problems with this blade . They are not necessarily `` wrong . '' Nor am I trying to seem like a `` know-it-all . '' Many professionals use these tricks and tips . I simply want to help.I know from long experience that this is a good blade at a reasonable price . The carbide is of high-quality and the manufacturing method insures consistent sharp edges.If any saw works well for the first few cuts , it should continue to cut well unless the person using the saw ignores some basic rules of physics and technique . If someone experiences premature wear , it could be caused by the material , the method or the imperfect adjustment of their saw . Consider these facts when choosing and using your blades.Try this blade and the cheap tips I suggested . You should get good results . Even if you do n't , you wo n't lose much money or time . I wo n't ask that anyone simply believe me ... just try it . See for yourself .
 I have had really good luck with Diablo 7.25 '' blades on my DeWalt circular saw . The thin kerf really seems to make a difference
 just bought a new milwaukee circular and put this blade on it to cut some melamine . OMG ! it didnt flake AT ALL every cut was like a factory edge , i highly recomend this and all diablo blades . I have a on diablo every saw i own
 This blade is great for plywood . It lasted 10 times longer than other blades i tried !
 The thin kerf reduces the workload on the saw , but on a long cut , or several repetitive cuts , heat buildup can cause a small amount of wander , but it 's very manageable . I have found the blades are `` disposable '' - they cost more to resharpen than to replace.Very happy with cut smoothness and overall performance .
 Fantastic blade ! For ~ $ 15 you ca n't go wrong on this - and it 's not made in China .
 I bought this blade to turn my circular saw into a more precise cutting machine for ripping down large sheets of finish plywood . It has done an excellent job . There is little to no tear out in the cuts and the thin kerf preserves as much wood as possible .
 I have to say that the gentleman who gave the saw blade maintenance tips was very thourough and spot on . These blades do not dissapoint if you watch for the red flags . Red flag # 1 , burning and smoking of the blade . The majority of the time this is caused from glue resin being melted onto the blade and in no way is evidence of the blade being dull unless you have used it for an extended period of time . A quick clean up of the blade with a rag and some rubbing alchohol takes care of the problem . As far as lubing the blade , I have found it cans be as simple as hitting it with a few drops of olive oil and you are in business . Red Flag # 2 . I only recently discovered the importance of keeping a perfect 90 degree perpendicular to the cutting surface path . It takes a little extra time , but it is amazing how far off your saw can get tweaked without you even considering that could be a problem . Do n't trust your saw , check it with a square and adjust accordingly . You will be amazed at what a difference it can make and how much better not only your blade life is , but quality of the cut . I was baffled when I checked my saw for square -LRB- which I always thought was perfect , because I am so awesome ! Not . -RRB- These are things that I used to take for granted before . The design of these blades and the kerf design allows these blades to cut through just about any wood product with ease and negligible tear-out . For the price it is a no brainer . I have diablos in both my table saw and Mitre saw and now in my worm drive circular saw . -LRB- going on a straight year of continuous use of all blades -RRB- When you smell smoke and see shmagma on the blade do the simple fix and take 10 seconds to hit the blade with some rubbing alchohol , rub down for another 10 seconds with olive oil and your problem will be solved . Cheap simple fixes that 90 percent of us user 's fail to consider . Happy cutting .
 For the price , I figured I was going to get a blade that cut OK but would bog down -LRB- not being sharp enough -RRB- or rattle -LRB- not being balanced enough -RRB- . This blade does neither . It 's cut speed is commiserate with any good finishing blade , and it runs so quiet and smooth that I barely know when it 's biting into the wood . The final cut is as smooth as you could want , and if you cut against a fence it will have table-saw trueness . If you use your circular saw on finishing wood , you need this blade !
 Highly durable and leaves a clean cut . I used it on flooring . Works well on pine when doing regular construction work
 I replaced the factory blade that came with my cheap Skil rotary saw with this blade and I love it . It cuts very smoothly through wood and has not gotten hung up yet .
 Excellent blade , not made in China . I use these a lot . I just happened to buy it through amazon . It actually was a little more expensive with three items and three separate shipping charges .
 I bought this incredible blade for my Milwaukee circular saw and it turned that tool into a table saw with handle and trigger . I have a cabinet table saw fitted with a Forrest Woodworker II , and this combination gives it a run for its money . Really ; I was so pleasantly surprised the first time I used this blade . Ear to ear grinning.This was my first Freud blade , but it sure as heck wo n't be the last . They 'll always have a home in my shop .
 This saw is one of the better ones I have ever used.Building a garage & blade is performing well.I will purchase more in the future .
 I have used Freud blades for years and will continue to do so . The 40 tooth blade cuts very well on soft and hard woods and panel products . When it does become too dull for finish work I use it for framing etc. and it keeps on going-even after cutting through nails , they last .
 I had almost given up trying to make precise cuts with my hand-held power saw , but this blade makes it easy . Using a clamp-on metal guide , the saw makes smooth , perfect and accurate cuts through cabinet-grade plywood , or even cheap 1/4 '' paneling . No wandering or splintering , and smooth edges.This has convinced me to get a Freud blade for my 10-inch compound miter saw .
 I personally have limited experience with blades , but compared to the Irwin one that came with my saw , this cuts 3/4 '' plywood like butter . The contractor I hired to help build a shed used this and said he 's now spoiled . I 'd have to get a free sample of something that proves better to be willing to switch .
 Left a smooth cut on 11/4 '' thk red oak stair treads . No burn marks as well .
 While this blade does n't live up to my Festool saw & blades , it is more than adequate for small , quick projects such as children 's toys . I got it so I could work faster/quicker with my 71/4 '' circular saw . It 's a great addition to my shop .
 Does exactly what is says . It is a great finishing saw blade . It does have a short life , but no shorter than any finishing blade would have . I have used it on several projects and it holding up as expected . I would highly recommend this blade .
 I used the blades in my circular saw to cut 2 '' rough cut lumber . Riping 2 `` x12 '' was no problem at all . Great blades at a great price .
 I bought this for cutting laminate flooring . It worked . No chipped edges , nice clean cut . Resulted in less waste and fewer cuts .
 I have been using this blade in my Ryobi 10 '' compound mitre saw for almost 3 years . It is used hundred of times per month and it 's still as sharp as the day I bought it . It 's thin enough that the saw does n't struggle to start , and tough enough that it does n't deflect too much when trying to do an angled miter cut . I recommend this to anyone looking for a quality blade at a decent price.I have also used this blade in my table saw -LRB- switched back and forth because I 'm too cheap -RRB- and it works just as well in the table saw .
 Worth every penny . The best blades money can buy . I wo n't be buying anything but Diablo blades for any of my saws . They cut smooth , last long , and do n't bind . Behind every great saw is a Diablo blade .
 I needed a finer tooth blade for finish work and this blade has worked fine . I have no complaints about the product .
 I had never experienced fine cutting until I put on the Freud Diablo 7-1/4 '' 40 tooth on my beat up base model Skil circular saw . Waxed up both side of the blade , checked everything is true and square , and it cut like a Rolls Royce . I ca n't wait to try it on the Makita 5007 I just ordered from Amazon .
 I have much the same to say about the 40-tooth version of this product as I do regarding the 24-tooth , viz , `` From the price and the look one might think these are `` throw-away '' blades in the pejorative . But no , after many many cuts , a close examination under a 20x microscope shows almost no wear to the itty-bitty carbide tips . These blades are thin and light , but precise and surprisingly robust . The thin kerf means less power is required to cut through a given board . This really matters in 5/4 plywood or hardwood decking , but means faster work everywhere else . They are only `` throw-away '' because they cost less than the price of sharpening them . There might be enough carbide in the tip for one re-sharpening , but it would not be cost effective . I welcome ideas in the comments section for how to recycle these beauties . Highly recommended to the hobbyist and professional alike . '' If you need a finer finish , you might try the blades handcrafted in Clifton NJ , USA.Forrest CP07Q408100 Solid Surface Material 7-1/4 - Inch 40 Tooth 5/8-Inch Arbor 3/32-Inch Kerf Table Saw Blade
 I purchased the blade to improve the quality of cut on high priced sheet goods . -LRB- i.e. oak plywood -RRB- Standard construction blades produce rough cuts with lots of tearout . This blade does a much better job in my circular saw . Thusfar , I am pleased with the quality of cut ... tearout is reduced , scoring and saw blade marks `` not bad '' . I would reccomend this blade for finishing cuts .
 I just purchased this through amazon.com as part of buying a Milwaukee Cicular saw . The blade is quiet and cuts with such precision , I was able to shave 1/32 off of OSB ! The design is unique with laser cut lines and shapes which apparently reduce vibration . I plan on buying more Freud blades . I like the thin kerf ! Jim Thomson , Waterford , NY
 This is a great saw blade and the price seemed very reasonable to me . I just wish I had purchased and starting using it sooner .
 This is a typical Freud product , except that buying it on Amazon is vastly less expensive than down at your local woodworking supply house . The blade runs quiet smooth and cool , and leaves glass smooth surfaces . I bought this for a home-owner type table saw to make some rabbeted joints for new drawers in a cabinet . When you come to the stage of gluing up the joints at final assembly time , that 's when you can really appreciate the way this blade cuts .
 I am a DIY guy and not a professional . I decided to take on flooring my dining room and family room with 5/8 stranded bamboo . I was warned that the wood -LRB- really grass -RRB- is at least twice as hard as red oak and I would need good table and miter saws and saw blades . The blades I had were regular saw blades I have only cut pine with and the cuts sometime leave ragged splinters . My research suggested that these would do the job . I might have been able to get away with a blade with fewer teeth but I am really happy with the decision to purchase the 60 tooth blades . The cuts were surprisingly smooth and quick . I had to use almost no pressure ripping planks on the table saw . It even seemed like it was even less pressure than the old blade cutting pine . There was no burn marks on any cut until I was almost finished with the second floor . The blade still seems sharp but definitely less sharp than when I first started . My experience is limited but it worked beyond my expectations so it gets 5 stars .
 I only use Diablo blades , used the blades to install bamboo hardwood floors and it cut threw it like butter . Super great blade for the money would buy again for sure !!!!!
 I purchased this blade for my new table saw to use while installing my new wood floors . Great blade . Worth the cost . I think I bought my brother one also . If not , I will . It cuts very well and is a good finish blade .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this blade . I just finished doing some MDF Crown molding throughout the house and could n't be more pleased with the cuts .
 This blade cuts real nice on my miter saw . It slices through Hardwood Maple/Oak/etc without a problem leaving a razor sharp edge . They hold up real well too .
 This blade cuts so smoothly that when applying glue there is no need to sand the joints . My first cut was on White Oak and the cut was almost as smooth as glass . Highly recommend this blade .
 Use this on any decent -LRB- and properly adjusted -RRB- portable table-saw or even good quality cabinet saws . You will immediately see the superior finish . I 've used them in Bosch , DeWalt , Makita , and a few European pull-saws . They consistently provide clean cuts with no drama . When I must send my premium blades out for sharpening , I just install these until the other blade returns . It performs very well , especially with a precision-machined dampener / stiffener.For best results , use a blade stiffener / dampener , whenever possible . -LRB- that 's true with ANY blade -RRB- It cuts quietly and as fast as any production shop or finish carpenter needs.All the Diablo blades I used have been consistently fine . Obviously , this is for finish cuts , but if you want a good blade for ripping , Freud makes those too . I use their rip-cut blades in my circular saw . They are also great.The only blades I know of that are better are made by Forrest in the USA . The big advantage with Forrest blades is that they will custom grind special bevel angles for you , will sharpen blades -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- they use a superior -LRB- expensive -RRB- micro-grain carbide that outlasts all others I know.Still , those premium blades cost twice as much and I do n't want to use them for rough lumber , or reclaiming lumber that might have hidden metal . -LRB- Nails , staples , bullets etc. -RRB- So , I highly recommend these as an economical alternative to the best blades . These are very good , especially for production blades.Bottom line
 The devil take it , this Diablo blade is a workhorse . I used it on pre-finished -LRB- aka , ultra-hard coated -RRB- hardwood flooring first , and it did n't splinter or bog down . Went on to use it on a lot of rough lumber , performed excellently . Masonite , fine . Oak , dandy.Seriously , this blade is worth the expense . Are you seriously still using the blade that came with your saw ? The one with about 15 teeth ? For any finish carpentry , a blade like this is a must . I have been very happy with it .
 This is a very nice combination blade that i 've put to use on an old Craftsman table saw that 's been around since the 50 's . Cuts great . Will purchase another when this is no longer able to sharpen .
 I 'm not a professional woodworker by any means but this blade makes a very nice clean cut on my table saw . I 'm going to buy a couple more . Highly recommended .
 I get a nice smooth edge when used in my power miter saw . The only draw back is that some of the red paint wears off . On thicker lumber you need to be mindful that the center of the blade is thicker and appears to want to push the cut stock to the side . I do not always get a square cut if I am not careful to hold the piece tight to the fence .
 When I get my table saw set up , I know this blade will do a great job ripping and cross cutting , as it is a Freud and a Diablo . I noticed it had a good sized piece of carbide on it , wich means I can have it sharpened at the saw shop .
 My 2hp . table saw cuts faster and cleaner now.It has cutup about 200 board feet of oak , yellow locus and tul-poplor . And it is still sharp and going strong .
 Works well w / miter saw on trim . I was going to get 80 tooth , but pro said this would work well w/o burning material if feed rate was too fast . Works well on 3/8 '' plywood too . As long as you clean blade ocassionally and wipe w / wax , it seems to stay sharp for ever . Thin kelf might we better , but this seems have 0 defflection on longer cuts .
 The Freud D1060X Diablo 10 inch 60 tooth ATB Fine Finish Saw Blade cuts smoothly and is as quiet as about any blade I have used . A good blade for the money .
 As always , works great ! I operate a local handyman operation and go through a few saw blades . Freud has never failed me . I have Freud blades that have been resharpened 4 + times and keep on going . This blade replaces the one I used for general and finish carpentry . No Problems ... . Perfect cuts ... Every Time !!
 I 've been using this with a Bosch portable jobsite saw on Red Oak . It leaves a perfectly smooth cut , it 's quite remarkable .
 Strong product that do his job , and excellent priceI will recommended to all the contractors to have one as spare blade , because it is a good product cutting all kind of wood .
 I 've had this blade on 2 different saws , and it has been outstanding . It 's important to keep it clean , but that 's true of any blade that gets lots of use in a diversity of media .
 Using an average saw wanted to make sure i had a good blade . Cuts were smooth and precise . Very satisfied with the results .
 I have never gone wrong in purchasing this brand of saw blade . The cuts are smooth and need very little sanding after the cut . it takes very little effort to push the material thru the blade and I use mostly red oak to make cabinets
 This blade is like it says , a fine finish . While trimming out a basement home theater , cutting window and door casings etc , this blade was superb . A clean cut and no frizzy edges which you sometimes get with a cheap blade . It seemed a slight bit quieter than others I use , but maybe this was in my head because it cut so fast and efficient , it appeared that way . For the money , you ca n't go wrong . If I needed another one , I 'd buy it in a heartbeat . Cross cuts were very good also using 2X6 etc. .
 Good cutting blade for the money , Arrived in a timely manner , there are cheaper blade on the market but not near the same qualty , there are some in the same price range but they do n't cut as good .
 Este disco de corte funciona muy bien , el acabado es perfecto y facilita mucho mi trabajo . Lo recomiendo especialmente para cortes transversales .
 So much better on laminate than the blade that came with the saw . Gave it 4 stars because I have limited experience with saw blades , just know I like the way this one cuts .
 Always a pleasure to deal with Amazon.I am always trying to improve my craft skills , but sometimes it is very costly . These blades are a real improvement at a reasonable price !
 This is a very good saw blade . A little pricey , but it does the job nicely .
 The previous reviewer is talking about a promotion that was printed on the packaging for these blades . It was a ` buy one get one free ' offer , which is quite a deal . When I bought my blade from Home Depot that was a partial incentive but the other incentive was my familiarity with other woodworkers who had good results with Freud blades . Well , got my blade home and found out after the fact I bought the blade a month too late for the promotion . Yeah , a bummer , but no reason at all to knock the blade . In fact I 've been using this blade exclusively for the last year and a half and am continually amazed by its performance . It 's cuts quiet and puts a smooth finish on everything . I 've used it for rip cutting and cross cutting on every wood I 've ever touched including 16/4 maple , mahogany , padauk , cherry , pine , spf , and cedar . In every instance this blade performed spectacularly and still performs well . I 've tried a few other blades but always return to this one since it performs well in pretty much every situation I throw at it . The only blade I would consider buying for a performance improvement is a Forest WWII but I 'm hard pressed to believe anything will cut much better than this at anywhere near the price . As they say , I 'd have to see it to believe it . I paid $ 60 for this blade and still think it 's worth it .
 I 've been using Dewalt 10 '' 60 tooth saw blades in my table saw for the last few months . The Dewalt blades cut well for the most part but would always cause a great deal of tearout especially when ripping plywood or crosscutting anything ... even white pine . I love plywood but I 've never had good results cutting it . Each cut was always followed by a damage assessment.I heard good things about Freud Diablo blades and decided to spring for the 60 tooth -LRB- thinner kerf but otherwise the same specs as the Dewalt blade -RRB- . I had a project coming up that involved many sheets of 3/4 poplar plywood . Rough edges were to be expected so I 'd planned to tape off the cutline to minimize tearout . I first ran a test piece without tape and to my surprise there was n't any tearout ! It went through very quickly and left a nice clean cut . I cut five sheets of the poplar plywood with the same fantastic results.I 'm absolutely in love with this blade and will buy one for my 10 '' sliding miter as well as a 7.25 '' for my circular saw . My only regret is not switching to Diablo blades sooner ... it would have saved a lot of time , frustration and money . Learn from my mistakes !
 I have been doing carpentry work for 15 years and this is the best blade I have ever used.It make clean cuts on all the different wood I work with like pine , maple , oak etc. ... I even use the 71/4 blade for my circular saw and I get the same results .
 I knew this would make a difference but WOW ! The blade that came with my Ryobi miter saw made the ends of the lumber look like a child eating beef jerky . This blade works so well , I used it to cut a sliver off the end of the 2x just to have the end so smooth and finished . I will buy again ...
 I have been a woodworker for about 25 years . I have tried many different blades in my table saw
 Installed this on my tablesaw to rip 12.5 mm laminate flooring and was astounded at the ease of feeding the material thru the saw and the fact that the cut was ultra smooth and absolutely `` no chipping '' . Gon na have to order one for my compound miter saw .
 I recently built an entertainment center out of oak using this blade . This blade performed flawlessly ! Very smooth cuts ! Highly recommend !
 I use this blade on a portable table saw and a chopsaw . It cuts smooth and clean . I rips perfectly . Razor sharp edges , almost no sanding neccessary . I use it on all types of soft woods and several hard woods , including hickory , hard maple and oak . I will buy more blades in this series .
 Great saw blade . Does everyhing it says . Frued makes one of the best saw blades money can buy . Always pleased with their products .
 Fits perfectly , looks great , cuts extremely nice . I would agree that this blade appears to cut stuff like butter ! I will definitely be buying from this manufacturer again . Fit my Sears Craftsman 10 '' Compound Miter perfectly w / the 5/8 '' arbor .
 I have a 2007 Vw gti . Tons of triple squares ! This kit has helped me remove swaybars , streering wheel etc. . Thus far they have held up great . The several times I 've needed a triple square this small kit always has the right size !
 I own nothing but German cars and these tools are very common when working with German automobiles , or certain two or three piece wheels such as BBS . After searching and searching , I could not find any retailers that were local to me that carried these . I figured I would give it a go and pick up a small , inexpensive set from Amazon.This set is great because it includes the four most common -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- sizes . The 10mm are commonly used on axle bolts and head bolts , although the splines are not long enough on these to use them for head disassembly.I used the 8mm to disassemble a set of four BBS RX-II wheels , and the tool did a great job of breaking the frozen bolts loose . There was no flexing or give in the tool . All 12 points were solid and true and overall the quality of these bits are very nice . I also like that they come on a rail because it is easy to keep them organized in your tool box or chest.I would recommend these to anyone .
 It did n't include a 7mm so I had to return this item , however if you can use these sizes this would be a great buy .
 I was able to remove the bolts from the cv joints on my vw rabbit without any problems . There was a tight fit between the bolt head and the tool .
 I use these as my throw away tripplesquares , I use them with my impact gun . They hold up great and have n't broken or shown signs of excesive wear . The holder is handy .
 Could not find 12pt Torx bits anywhere in a local store . This was a life save as it was the only bits that would undo the bolts on my Audi .
 Buy It ! Buy It ! It is worth the money and the time to install . I mounted this on my much loved , tireless Grizzly 1023 . Before adding this outfeed roller assembly cutting big pieces meant parking roller stands with sandbagged feet or my ` bodged ' 4 roller castered box behind the saw.I bought this because I decided to add the 7 ' rails , mobile base and extension and the router table extension -LRB- wider wing than stock -RRB- to my saw -LRB- because my wife said I could -RRB- and wanted a permanently mounted outfeed to go along . It was a good decision - the outfeed works Grrrrrreat ! and I can operate more safely . If I could have added only one accessory - this would have been it . When the wife , your grown kids & your layabout buddies are all busy elsewhere and your Basset is too short to help you - this will be there for you!You have to drill 6 holes in your saw cabinet to mount it , but an accurate template and good instructions are provided . Center punch as recommended so the bit does n't drift when you drill.Follow the instructions ! You have to tweak it in for level front-to-rear and side-to-side , but it is n't -LRB- too -RRB- hard to do . I used two of the roller stands this is replacing to hold the assembly level and that helped a lot.Has a cam system which allows for a ` high ' position which is level with table and ` low ' position to allow miter guide bars or the like to pass over the rollers -LRB- nice forethought ! -RRB- . The rollers are good quality ball bearing type - not the most expensive bestest - but the roll smooooth and I foresee no problems.This unit does not interfere with the stock blade guard / anti-kickback . My ONLY complaint is that dual support arms would make it easier to level and a bit sturdier . As it is , it may need an occasional level tweak , but that 's fine - I 'm just happy to have a mounted outfeed !! WooHoo ! -LRB- This earned four and a half stars for quality of construction , quality of instructions , utility and value and an extra half star for the WooHoo & Safety factors -RRB-
 I have now had this for about five years attached to my Grizzly 10 '' 2hp hybrid table saw . For me , it has been a great benefit in my small shop . It took sometime to install it and make sure it is level . I needed another pair of hands to help with the process . It is easy to just build an out-feed table out of some plywood , but I chose this because it folds . I have folded it and raised it numerous times and it has held in alignment every-time . You have to be careful with one thing though . I ripped a 3/4 '' 4 ` x8 ' sheet of plywood down the middle the long way and as the plywood was coming to the end of the blade the weight of the sheet caused the table saw to start tilting backwards ! I solved this by adding a pole that clipped on to the back end of the roller bracket with magnets . This solved the only issue I had with this out-feed table . Not sure if anyone else has experienced this .
 I recently installed this outfeed table - I believe quality outfeed tables essential when dimensioning sheetgoods . I have a one person shop - without the help of another person or a outfeed table like this one , there is elevated injusry risk.This product , sold by Grizzley seems to made by htc and often carries a higher price.One feature that is particularily nice is the ability to lower the table so that cross-cut sleds riding in yout t-slots to clear the table when executing wide cross-cuts . Installation instructions are fine though I found leveling the table with my table saw top challenging.Very good product at a good price !
 Great blade with very smooth cuts . I was little skeptical at first because the blade is advertised to work best with a sliding miter saw but I planned on using it on a fixed compound miter saw . After reading information on tooth hook angle I decided to purchase the blade and I am glad I did . I am very pleased with this blade and plan on buying a couple more in the future .
 This is an excellent product . It gives a very smooth end grain cut , needing no sanding , on both hard and soft woods . I also find that burn marks are practically non existent . This blade can also be resharpened several times , but the affordable price makes it easy to replace if you can wear it out . A blade can be cleaned and maintained easily by soaking it in a solution of water and ammonia over night . Use a tooth brush to remove the lac that builds up on the blade , and carefully wash and dry before installing . This needs to be done when you notice a glaze building up on the blade . All circular saw blades need to be cleaned and maintained for safe optimum performance .
 just used the new blade to install some base and crown molding over the weekend . perfect cuts every time on MDF and pine .
 I bought this blade to put on a Hitachi 10 '' Miter Saw to help Install 1200 sq/ft of 1/2 inch engineered wood flooring . It makes beautiful clean cuts without any issue , definitely worth the cost since the stock blade left a much rougher edge on the planks
 I 'm absolutely thrilled with the performance of the 80-tooth Freud blade . It produces unbelievably clean , smooth cuts on everything I 've used it on . That includes hardwoods and MDF . I do n't know why I ever used anything less than an 80-tooth blade for trimwork before . But , I can say I wo n't turn back ! The only criticism I have of the blade is when first used it has a tendency to leave behind a bit of the red paint . No big deal , especially considering that comparable Dewalt blades leave their yellow paint for many , many cuts . I would definitely recommend buying this !
 I own four Freud Diablo 10 inch saw blades , and one 7 '' for my circular saw . I have been impressed with the accuracy of the cut from all of these blades and get smooth , clean cuts no matter the wood species . All of the blades are very well balanced , and none of them cause any noticeable vibration . The PermaShield coating is unblemished after 3 years of use for the first two that I purchased .
 This blade does a much better job than I ever expected . The cuts are as smooth as glass and the blade is real quiet . This is the only saw blade I 'll ever buy from now on .
 I 'm a amateur weekend woodworker . This blade has been on my very cheap Delta plastic bench top table saw where I 've abused it . I just removed it and put in on my Craftsman sliding compound miter saw . It works great on either saw ... very smooth , and the machines do seem to run quieter . Overall , it made my inexpensive tools do better . I was burning cherry a little when I was cutting tapers with it and I thought the problem might be that the 80T was too much for ripping -- like , I could n't get a fast enough feed rate ? I tried the original Delta 30T ripping blade , and it cut fast , but rough . I 'll go back to this blade . Since I had the blade off , I inspected , and no chipped teeth , and no wear on the red surface . That surface is holding up well -- but it might have contributed to the little burn I got on the cherry ... I do n't know . No heat marks and it still looked new , so cleaning was hardly necessary .
 This is an incredible finishing blade that I use with myDEWALT DW713 10-Inch Compound Miter Saw . I have yet to come up with any complaints about this fantastic blade from Freud , who I think makes some of the best blades out there . I 've only used it to cut stain-grade 1-bys , small moulding and trim so far but the results have been terrific . No splinters , no shards , no errors in the cut whatsoever -- just an edge cut so perfectly that it almost does n't need to be sanded . I tested out the blade to see just how thin it could cut , and I peeled off a wafer from a 1x6 baseboard that was so thin I could almost see through it.There are other 80-tooth finishing blades out there that may be a little bit cheaper , but based on my experience , this Freud blade is definitely worth the extra money .
 i 've never spent a lot of money on any of the saw blades i 've ever bought . I would like to go back in time and smack myself . I could n't believe how easy and clean this blade cuts through wood . I bought this when i bought my miter saw - have n't tried it on the miter saw yet because i gave it a spin on my table saw first . amazing ! cuts through pine 2x4s and cedar panels like butter . have n't tried it on anything else yet but i will update if anything goes wrong.great saw blade , worth every penny !
 I used this on Bamboo flooring that was 1/4 inch thick . It did some really fine cutting . I would buy it again .
 You can buy the crappiest saw available and turn it into a board 's worst nightmare with these blades . My neighbor and I built a cedar fence in the spring using his cheap Ryobi saw and a Diablo blade . That experience alone made me a believer and I have been slowly switching all my tools over to using Diablo 's since . I have used blades from several other manufacturers , Bosch being the most recent , and the Diablo 's out-cut and out-last everything else I 've used .
 Does a great job in my wood working shop . I would recommend it to anyone for a smooth cut . Thanks goes to the vendor
 Is awesome ! smooth clean cuts , very quiet , extremely sharp and well made all for a good Price ... Love it !!! : -RRB-
 I use this blade in a miter saw , and it is just PERFECT . Do not waste your time and money , buy it ... now .
 This is the best saw I have had . It cuts with a thin curf . It slides effortlessly through any wood with no edge damage
 I used it to make a lot of cuts on a cork floor -LRB- we installed it at a 45 degree angle -RRB- . With my old -LRB- cheap -RRB- blade , I needed to tape the spot I was going to cut to protect the finish . Not with this blade . Precise , sharp cuts , with no damage on the edges .
 This blade is perfect for my 10 '' Dewalt sliding miter saw . While cross-cutting kiln dried vertical grain fir , it leaves a perfect-smooth surface . Out of many cuts , few had only minimal tear-out -LRB- probably I cut too quickly -RRB- . I 'm a big fan of Diablo blades for all my saws , including my sawzall .
 You realize how dull your old blade is when you replace it with a new one . This blade cuts through pine , poplar , and oak like butter . It leaves the edge super clean and no sanding is needed .
 This review is for the home DIY'er , who is n't going use the blade everyday.If you 're like me , this blade will expectedly last a lifetime due to the limited amount of use I 'll give this blade . As an example , I 'll use this blade to make miter/beveled cuts in soft redwood 2x4 's and 2x6 's for backdoor step making . I will also use this blade for soft pinewood such as you find in casement/crown molding . I shopped around and found this to be the best delivered online price . I could find the blade a few dollars cheaper but once shipping was added in , the shopped around for price , exceeds Amazon 's Prime , two-day delivered price.Overall this is a great product , at a great `` delivered '' price .
 I bought this blade based on the review . It works as expected . I am using it on cutting the wood stub . Each cut is very smooth and easy .
 This blade gave glass smooth cross cuts on fully 1.0 '' thick , 7.5 '' wide oak wood using a Radial Saw . This compared similarly to older Freud CrossCut Blades costing $ 70 to $ 80 .
 By far one of the best blades we have found ! Very clean cutting and never gets dull ! Worth the asking price and is a very solid investment if your looking for clean accurate cuts5 OUT OF 5 STARS for this one !!
 Can anyone please advise the kerf width on this saw ? I would like to use it for cutting jewelry boxes and similiar
 Blade delivers smooth cuts even in oak . I have been very satisfied with every Freud blade I have purchased .
 I 've been using the manufacturer provided general 40-tooth blade on my Ryobi sliding compound miter saw . Partially because I did n't know better -LRB- I 'm a novice woodworker -RRB- and partially because I was too cheap to upgrade when I did know better . Well , two years later , I have improved my woodworking and felt I owed myself less struggle . After reading the reviews , I felt the Diablo 80-tooth was perfect for my needs . I was not wrong and neither were the other reviewers ! I love this blade ! It really does cut like butter . I love it so much I had to snap a picture of it in action and post it to my facebook to tell everybody how much I love this blade . If I would have known how happy this blade would have made me , I would n't have waited the two years . I had no trouble installing it on my miter saw and you wo n't either . Treat yourself !
 I bought this blade from Home Depot , and after using it for a while ordered a second one from Amazon because the price is better . I ca n't say enough good things about this blade . I 've used it on both my compound miter saw and on my table saw , for both crosscutting and ripping . I 've cut oak , cedar , and Melamine . Every cut is precise and smooth , with no tear-out . The cuts I made with this blade are better than the factory edges , no burning , no blade marks , no chipping . What more can a woodworker ask of a blade ? I definitely recommend this blade .
 I used this blade for installation of an engineered hardwood floor having a very fine veneer that was prone to chipping . The blade made perfect cuts 95 % of the time . The other 5 % there was minimal chipping , which i would attribute to my own error in moving the blade through the wood too quickly , or not letting the blade come to full speed first . For the quarter round molding , this blade made flawless cuts , every time , even with quick movement of the saw.I would highly recommend this blade when fine cuts are required .
 I always buy freud blades but always the LU modelsbut the price was SOOOOO good i gave the diablo a try . It cuts as smooth as a baby butt with no tearout . I make ukulele ` sand i cut VERY thin hard woods for the bodys and thick 2 &#34; x 2 &#34; for the neck blanks and end blocks and it works GREAT . Lets see how long it stays sharp compaired to the &#34; better &#34; models .
 I obtained the Freud D1080X blade blade to cut plywood for a bookcase/shelving project I was doing for our house . I needed a blade that would cut quickly and very smoothly in both rip and cross-cut modes . I cut 4 sheets of 4x8 3/4 inch plywood and 2 sheets of 1/4 inch into a number of pieces and it worked exceptionally well . Cuts on both sides of the wood were extremely clean and crisp . The blade did exactly what I needed , and it went through the wood with ease . Great product and I recommend it highly .
 I brought this blade for my laminate flooring project . Cuts are far superior than the old blade I have and finish is very smooth and consistent . I 'll order similar high quality saw blades from now on . I worth the higher price .
 I replaced the OEM Craftsman blade that came with the saw.No comparison to the OEM blade.Will buy the Diablo saw blade again .
 This makes the smoothest cuts I 've ever had with any blade . No splinters , no rasping off the end pieces . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat .
 I just started using this blade on my table saw on both three quarter inch Baltic birch plywood and some solid birch . It is my best experience with 80 tooth blades yet .
 Used this blade for cutting sheets of Cherry wood paneling . The seems were perfect . 11 pieces fit together like a perfect jigsaw puzzle.I would recommend this blade for anyone using a miter saw , bench or radial arm .
 This blade is the best I have ever used . I was cutting finished work for a cabinet install . It work work great cutting the crown molding .
 I installed this blade on my saw to cut some molding and it is amazing.The finish is like if the wood had been sanded with fine grit paper !
 It is a Devil of a good blade , sharp and smooth cutting . Do n't try to rip with this blade , it is made for cross cutting and it does a good job of it . You have to put a motor on it tho , it is not very fast using as a handsaw . Great price too for this Quality of blade , and has an abundant of Carbide .
 this works just fine for cutting the wood I needed to build my porch . it has also stayed pretty sharp .
 This is the best blade I have used , I make rustic picture frames and this gives me the best miters I have gotten for quite a while
 After struggling with the Craftsman blade on my radial saw I picked up the Diablo . The difference was immediate , no effort pushing for long rips and no jumping for thick cross cuts . It was just like the packaging said , `` like a warm knife through butter . '' I recommend it to anyone i know who owns a table saw , radial saw or miter saw .
 This blade is amazing.Cut up some Cherry with it today and it 's silken delight ! Just waltzes through like butter , leaving zero tearout and a razor smooth surface.Not much else to say . I am so glad I bought it . I just hope it stays sharp awhile .
 I got this for a flooring project where i was installing 700sqf of laminate flooring . It cuts through it like butter . I love this blade so much that i will replace my other dewalt blade with diablo blades as well .
 This blade cuts great . They will burn the wood in a hurry if you do n't keep the wood moving at a constant speed . The edges are razor sharp on Hardwood like Maple/Oak , even on Hardwood Plywood . The blade has held up great after running more than a 500 feet of hardwood through it .
 I used this blade in a table saw and a 12 '' version in my miter saw for all the trim work as we remodeled our kitchen . Very smooth cuts !
 I use this on my table saw to cut hardwood plywood . It takes little effort to push the plywood through the blade . Very sharp and very clean cuts .
 This 80 tooth blade for a mid price piece seems to be doing a pretty good job of making ` slick ' cuts , much better then the 50 and 60 tooth versions I have on other saws . I have n't used it a lot yet as it is a miter saw blade and have n't needed it often lately . I would rate it higher , but the other two are mediocre so do n't yet have a good feel for this one 's longevity . I 'll try to update this later
 I am professional picture framer , and precision corners are paramount ! I made over 1000 cuts before having to replace the blade . I am planning to get the old blade sharpened since it has carbide tips . You will not be disappointed with this product , but remember this blade is for precision finish work so use another blade for general purpose cuts . I know that 's a hastle , but you want the blade to last , it 's a must - enjoy !!
 Have used this on a few projects , the best use was was when installing laminate flooring . Cuts are super smooth and accurate , laminate material never got a chance to chip . Easily cut through some framing staples and nails as well that were hidden in 2x4s
 I might sound like a broken record , but this is another excellent Diablo blade ! It cuts effortlessly , and the cut does not even need sanding . I am just a homeowner doing small projects -LRB- going through a remodeling -RRB- , so I can not attest to long term or heavy usage , but for my needs this blade is fantastic , and a great value .
 Super-sharp and solid . Makes an amazingly clean smooth cut . It was not cheap but it does n't seem to get dull . i 'm extremely pleased with this first rate blade for my mitre saw .
 I 've installed this blade on my table saw and have used it for everything from cross cuts to ripping MDF . I 've never had any tearout and the edges it leaves need no sanding . Excellent blade
 Its an expensive blade indeed ... I have no idea if it is really worth it cause I do n't have cheaper blades I can compare with . But it cuts my baseboards/crown molding well and edges are smooth . It does leave a red mark on the edges though , not a big issue since I have to paint them.If this was cheaper , I would give it a full 5 stars
 goes through hard wood , laminated pine , mellamine like hot knife through butter . no splinter on edges , no chatter . well worth it .
 When I have to cut plywood this is my go to blade . This blade does require a slightly slower feed rate as you would expect for the number of teeth . The results are spectacular and I mean that . I ca n't see spending any more money on a blade because the cuts are fantastic . When I use a zero clearance insert on my table saw , I get a perfect cut on the top and bottom every time . I could not be happier . I do n't know how long you can use one of these blades . I have used mine for a couple of years and it is still sharp . I use my saw twice a week , however , I have cut probably 200 sheets of plywood with it . It really does a nice job with OSB as well .
 The first time I used this blade , I could n't believe the outcome . Every time since then it still amazes me . Glass Smoth finishes . . So smoth , that on several occasions , I had to scuff up the surface to provide the glue something to grab onto - it 's almost TOO SMOOTH ! Do n't use for ripping , it strains the machine and can burn your stock .
 This blade is awesome ! I bought this blade when I purchased my Bosch 4410L saw . When I was setting my saw up I did a few test cuts and was amazed at how smooth the cut was . Honestly , it felt like it had been sanded and I had no splintering . The carbide tips look like they could take 2 -3 sharpenings too . The blade is somewhat expensive , but it will pay for itself in the amount of time saved and stock that does n't get ruined . All I can say is buy this blade and you will NOT regret it .
 I wanted a good quality blade for my miter saw to use for trim and find detail work , and this blade has not disappointed . In truth , I have had good results with a much cheaper 40 tooth blade if I take my time and make a slower cut , but with this 80 tooth Freud there is no need to worry about speed.When cutting materials the edge of the workpiece is actually so smooth I doubt you could improve upon it with 200 grit sandpaper ... it is actually that perfect . I would n't use this blade for rough cuts however - it is simply too expensive to waste on materials that do n't need absolute precision . However if you are looking for a blade that works well for trim such as baseboards , window casings , or crown moldings - this blade is for you . The kerf is thin and the stability amazing almost to the point it looks like you cut the wood with a laser.The only drawback or negative experience I had was while cutting MDF it cut the stock so fine that it left a ultra-thin powder sawdust floating through the air . The dust bag on my miter saw typically catches about 75 % of the dust , but with the combination of MDF and this blade it did n't stand a chance and at least 70 % of the dust simply floated through the air . Therefore , if cutting MDF a good dust collection system is recommended , and a dust mask would probably be a good idea as well if working indoors.All things considered this is an amazing blade , and I am a believer that you really do get what you pay for . When it comes time to buy my next blade I will have no reservations about picking up another Freud .
 There is not a lot to say about this blade that has n't been covered already . I tried Freud blade years ago and was n't all that impressed . A few months ago I needed a blade for my 81/2 '' saw and all the big orange store had that day where Freud . I was impressed , so when I needed a blade for my 10 '' I ordered this blade.The cuts are flawless . I have cut oak , poplar , maple , beech , MDF and oak veneered plywood . No splintering or edge chipping . It cross cut the oak ply beautifully . The cut edges are very smooth . It also is one of the quieter blades I have used.I will buy this again .
 Very smooth cuts ! The `` rings '' in the wood shine when held to the light ! This is even after cutting a piece of 3/16 '' aluminum plate with it . Highly recommended , well worth the money .
 I installed this blade on my 10 '' compound sliding mitersaw and have experienced great-excellent results . At 90 degrees it will make flawless clean cuts . Of course , tear out will occur if one does not implement the proper techniques . Also , the speed of the pass is important . The slower you cut with an 80 tooth blade , the more likely you are to cause burning . Burning is even more prevelant when the blade is beveled to 45 degrees . All in all , it beats the heck out of what I was using before . Understanding the machine you are attaching this blade to will enhance the quality your experience .
 Bought this blade at Home Depot -LRB- did n't know it was on Amazon , same price -RRB- for a weekend crown project , using my Hitachi miter saw , and it performed perfectly as all the other reviews have noted . Even on tricky cap mouldings with very thin points , no splinters , just silky cuts . Other 80-90 tooth blades were $ 20 more , no need , this is the one .
 This 80 tooth blade i use for crown molding and casement . It cuts supper fine and you dont have to worry about splinter 's on the edge 's , simply put it 's a nice blade
 Have tried alot of the blades out thier . This by far is the quietest and the longest lasting . Im professional metal worker and ive been very happy with the longevity of this blade . That being said if you dont know how to use a cold cut saw properly then no blade will last . Ive ruined a brand new one of theses blades after just 20 cuts , ive also had one last for over 750 cuts . They arnt for everyone , but those of you who can give a cold saw its due respect will love this blade ...
 It is a Freud . It cuts smooth like every other Freud product I 've ever purchased . Buy with confidence . Nuff said !
 This blade cuts smoothly and does n't burn wood as the cheaper blades.There comes a time to invest in a higher quality blades and bits in orderto produce better woodworking items . When I 'm cutting my more expensiveand harder woods I use the Freud blade . For the softer woods and itemsthat may be cheaper and I do n't care about , I switch to my older carbide blade .
 This blade cuts clean , less noisy than the one I had before . I will recommend this blade to all pro 's and none Pro 's .
 I really like Freud blades and this one was not a disappointment . A great 12 inch blade at an unbeatable price . Fast delivery and a great price . What more can you ask for ?
 I had shipping issues with Fed Ex . The first saw blade was never delivered . Home Depot stepped-up and replaced the blade , but I needed the blade in a time line for a project , so I had to make a trip to get another blade . I lost time and money because of shipping . I now have extra blades . I love Diablo blades and will not use any other brands .
 Ordered this to replace my OEM blade on my miter saw . Greatly reduces tearout and cuts extremely smooth . Well worth the money .
 Just needed a nice all-purpose blade for general woodworking , and this is it . Ca n't even tell when it hits wood , just cuts through like a hot knife through butter . Very happy with purchase .
 Im glad I made this purchase ! I 've had so many problems with other brands , this one is worth every penny ! It cuts everything with ease and makes almost every job easier .
 This saw blade is like a hot knife through butter . The only thing I can say bad about this saw blade is it makes much more dust . I guess it is because it is making such a chip free cut . I like it .
 I bought a Dewalt 12 inch miter saw , came with a Dewalt blade . I didnot like so i bought a Diablo D1244x blade from amazon , i had bought one for my 10in miter saw I LOVE BOTH OF THEM , i will never buy anything else
 After owning a 10 in freud blade in my tablesaw for the last 4 years I was eager to step up on my cutoff sawthis blade is balaced accurate and a pleasure to work with quality control is exactly what you would expect from freud used as a weekend shop this is the only brand I will ever use .
 great blade fast shipping they said 9/30-10 / 5 for delivery i order 9/25 got it 2 days later i had order the 71/4 for my skil saw work really good so i thouht for the price worth having onefor my table saw love the shipping price its free thank you amazon for another great deal rwoods
 boy oh boy i 'm from the caribbean this product works wonders in our construction industry clean cuts no damages to mitres top of the line . the best product .
 AFTER USING OTHER MITRE SAW BLADES , SUCH AS DEWALT THIS IS BY FAR THE FINEST CUTTING BLADE I HAVE EVER OWNED AND THIS IS A GENERAL PURPOSE BLADE . I AM VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE QUALITY AND SMOOTH CUTS . IT IS A TRUE THIN KURF CUT . FREUD BLADES ARE MANUFACTURED IN ITALY , DEWALT IN CHINA . NEED I SAY MORE ! FREUD EVEN HAS A PATENT ON THE RED COLOR OF THEIR BLADES AND A LIFETIME WARRANTY TO BOOT . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THE QUALITY AND ESPECIALLY THE PRICE AT AMAZON .
 Great saw blade ! cut 's through all wood like butter , even wet pressure treated lumber without building up residue . I will be purchasing similar blades for my table saw as well !
 I replaced a worn 80-Tooth Tenryu blade that came with my used Bosch Sliding Compound Miter Saw 5412L1 and I 'm glad I did . The first cut was as smooth as a baby 's butt . I 've been too busy to use it much , so I have no feedback on longevity . I do n't regret the purchase and I highly recommend it for those do-it-yourselfers like myself . I 've got alot of projects planned and I 'm confident the broad spectrum ability of this blade will work for my deck build as well as crown molding here in the near future . I 'll update with more feedback when I 've put it through its paces .
 I use this blade primarily for framing . I have it in a Dewalt DW708 scms . Cuts fast + clean and lasts a long time . For cutting 2x pine studs , plates , blocks , etc. - this is the blade you want . Also the picture they show is different than the blade I received . On the blade I was sent the hook angle of the teeth is less aggressive and the gullet 's are not as deep .
 Freud Diablo saw blades have been my choice for years . I am not a professional carpenter , merely a retired DIY'er who uses a bunch of saws and loves the smell of sawdust . These blades take years to wear out.I use this particular blade on a Rigid 12-inch sliding compound miter saw which weighs 68 pounds . The beauty of this blade is its versatility . Smooth , precise cuts can be achieved while alternating between delicate moulding for her book cases and large pressure-treated 4 X 6 timbers for my barns . This eliminates having to change blades with every different stick of lumber that comes along.Most new saws do not come with Freud Diablo blades . I save the new stock blades for projects that are constructed from old lumber that is embedded with nails and save the Diablo blades for the good stuff.Is there some kind of connection here between Freud Blades and Sigmund Freud?Freud Blades cut straight.Old Sigmund sliced his wood up in all kind of screwball angles and none of his pieces ever seemed to fit together.Men need to stay with what works right .
 I 've been in the process of renovating a foreclosure house I purchased and needed some new blades for my saws . I picked up this blade and have been blown away by the performance . They last a lot longer than many other blades you 'll find and the cuts are smooth and even . Highly recommended .
 I bought this blade for use on a Dewalt 718 miter saw , and have been very impressed with this blade . I use this mainly for cutting 2x4 's and other rough lumber . Cuts are fairly smooth , effortless , and quiet . There 's a little more tearout when compared to a Forrest chopmaster -LRB- which i use for finish/trim work -RRB- , but for the price , it 's a great blade .
 As always , works great ! I operate a local handyman operation and go through a few saw blades . Freud has never failed me . I have Freud blades that have been resharpened 4 + times and keep on going . This replaces one I used for framing . Perfect cuts ... Every Time !!
 i was having a problem cutting some 2x4 's . My saw had a problem getting through them . This blade made the cutting easy and left a smooth finish .
 I needed a new general purpose blade for my Makita miter saw . I found this one on Amazon for $ 18 new . Amazing price which lasted only a day or so.The blade cuts effortlessly , very smooth and quiet .
 I used this to cut steel wall studs for a small project . Works great . Fits a standard saw . What else can you say about a saw blade ...
 Only used once so far ... cutting aluminum photo frames using paraffin wax was as a lubicant ... . worked great.Installed on my 10 '' Sears Miter Saw .
 I 've been using these blades for years - they are the best blade per dollar for aluminum application that I know of . Take care of this blade and it will take care of you . Worth every dime .
 I would probably buy this blade if it was n't called a Diablo . I 'm looking for a well-made , 10 inch diameter circular saw blade for cutting aluminum.Now , I understand the Freud company makes some very good products . But I have n't been able to talk myself into mounting an extremely sharp metal disk on my miter saw
 I bought the blade to cut 1/8 '' angle and bar aluminum . I just made about 30 cuts in about 45 minutes using my miter saw . This would have taken me hours with a hacksaw . The time saving is worth the price alone . The cuts are also very smooth and clean . No sanding is necessary and thanks to the miter saw all the cuts are straight . I 'm also impressed at how the blade affords very precise cuts . Almost every cut was dead on the measurement . I did n't run into any kicking while cutting the metal . I did find that it works best to have both ends of the piece your are cutting clamped or secured because small pieces can get ejected after the blade goes through . I 've have some Freud router and forstner bits and I would rate them top notch . Their saw blades are just as good .
 I used this blade in my $ 200 10 '' DeWalt chopsaw and the results were great . I cut quite a bit of 80/20 extrusions -LRB- 1515 , 1530 , 3030 -RRB- and everything turned out clean and accurate . I used my shop vac to catch much of the swarf . With cutting fluid , I got nearly polished cuts . Definitely clamp things well and make sure your saw is tuned up and squared for best results . It actually performs pretty well in wood in a pinch .
 I 've made over 1000 cuts on this blade over the last 6 years . Mostly aluminum -LRB- as thick as 5/8 '' -RRB- and polycarbonate -LRB- up to 3/8 '' -RRB- . It continues to perform well . Leaves very shallow saw marks.The polycarbonate does not melt , as often happens with a jigsaw blade.You can clamp small aluminum and plastic pieces to a home-made sled -LRB- piece of plywood -RRB- and safely machine them on your table saw . -LRB- Sled needs store-bought or home-made hold down clamps . -RRB- I 've certainly got my money 's worth , but I would try the less expensiveOshlun SBNF-100100 bladeif I ever need a replacement .
 I bought this high tooth-number blade for my portable table saw prior to laying about 900 sq ft of laminate flooring that has an integral aluminum oxide containing finish on it for extra wear-resistance . The blade has performed as advertised providing smooth chip-free cuts and despite some sparking , the aluminum oxide finish has n't slowed it down at all .
 I used this blade to cut 1/8 '' thick aluminum stock and it cut very cleanly through the material . I use a separate blade for plastics and veneers and it has a very different tooth shape and works for most sheet plastics including HDPE . This Diablo blade may work in some plastics but it would be a mistake to buy it with that in mind . Better to get a blade that is designed specifically for use cutting plastics .
 Excellent blade for cutting acrylic.I would strongly recommend this blade to anyone working with plastics.The thin kerf is also a big help for accurate cuts .
 During the final stages of a bathroom remodel in my house I needed a way to cut through a very expensive and heavy duty aluminum shower door base plate and header -LRB- cross piece -RRB- for hanging the glass doors . I have never used a carbide tip blade in a miter saw for cutting aluminum before but this blade handled the job perfectly . Please make sure to clamp the part in place and wear safety glasses . The cuts were very clean and blade worked perfectly .
 I have been making do cutting plate aluminum -LRB- 1/4 inch to about 5/8 inch ... 6061 alloy -RRB- with a carbide wood blade . I know , not the safest thing to do . Anyhow , decided to splurge and buy this blade . Cuts the aluminum plate , as they say , like butter . It is as if my table say is twice as powerful ... less hot chips , smaller chips , smoother edge , quiet cuts ... just that nice , smooth &#34; zing &#34; sound . Do n't know if it lasts at this point , but reviews seem to indicate it has long life . Do n't tend to gush about tools , but this one is in the category IMHO .
 I ORDERED A IO '' DIA . FREUD D1080N DIABLO 80 TOOTH TCG NON-FERROUS METAL AND PLASTIC SAW BLADE . IT ARRIVED BEFORE THE EXPECTED ARRIVAL DATE . PERFECT TIMING AND CONDITION . I 'VE BEEN USING FREUD BLADES FOR YEARS AND THEY JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER . AMAZON IMPRESSES ME . NO PROBS . THEY TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS AND CUSTOMERS .
 Did an absolutely perfect job cutting a bunch of 10 series 80/20 extrusions on a table saw . Ends had a mirror finish.It was a bit noisy going through , but I assume that 's of the complex shape .
 I decided to give this blade a try on my Dewalt Radial Arm Saw to see how it would cut aluminum and brass stock for use on my South Bend Lathe . At the time , parting on the lathe was not one of my favorite things to do . I have since learned the right way to part , but that is another story.Anywho , I got the blade , looked at it and decided to install it with the writing toward the motor , with the teeth swinging into the stock , down toward the fence . This blade was obviously designed to be used on a circular saw , where the teeth swing up toward the platten . After securing the blade on the arbor , and re attaching the guard , I donned all possible protective gear . Glasses , Face shield , Ear muffs , Hat , gloves , long sleeve shirt , condom , etc. . I was a little more than dubious , as I was going to attempt to cut a 3.25 inch diameter solid aluminum bar.Cutting metal with a blade spinning at 3400RPM gave me flashbacks of flywheels and scattershields , so I figured I would start out with a light cut , about an 1/8th inch deep.I clamped the bar in a solid vice , and liner her up.OK Here we go . -LRB- Tremble -RRB- zip ! Like butter , wow , take a little more . 1/4 inch , zip , like butter again . 1 inch deep . zip !!! Now this is just too easy !! What the heck , lets try to cut through the whole darn bar . Bump , I hit the motor . Raise the motor a little , You guessed it ZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIP !!!! right through . HOLY COW !!! I rotated the work and finished the cut . It was like a mirror . Actually looked polished . Boy was I sold . The amazing part is that if done right , you almost ca n't screw up.Here is what I did .1 Made sure that saw was on the money . Plumb , Square , No heel , etc. 2 Used a deep drill press vice to solidly clamp the work .3 Started the saw from the drawn position and pushed the blade into the work , then shut saw off and wait for blade to stop before adjusting anything . I do this with wood too , makes more sense . Less chance of climb.As far as I can tell , the triple chip grind of this blade actually seems to control the progress of the cut . You just apply pressure , and she cuts like butter , at a given rate . Absolutely beautiful !!! Please remember , I did this with a rock solid , Cast Iron , Radial Arm saw . I dont think I would try to cut material this thick with a circular saw , or a table saw , as it would be too easy to twist the work to the blade which would probably release the hounds . A miter saw will probably work if you solidly clamp the saw , and the work.I still think the best way to cut large stock is with a bandsaw , but I do not currently own one , and I refuse to buy one of those $ 199 POS and a sawsall is just too darn laborious . This blade has made quick work of a tedious task for me . Highly recommended.P.S . 1.5 inch Brass,-Zip , 1 inch steel , Zip .
 The Freud Steel Demon will change the way you look at cutting steel . It cuts with much less drama than abrasive cut off wheels and leaves a smoother finish . I avoided buying one for some time thinking abrasive wheels were more economical but I 've made hundreds of cuts and the blade is still going strong . I ca n't say yet whether it will end up costing less than abrasive blades but since it also does a better job I do n't care .
 I bought this to cut some eTrack down to size when installing in my enclosed cargo trailer . I installed it on my Skilsaw worm drive saw , and went to town ... only to realize that I had to install the blade with the lettering facing into the saw instead of outward.It cuts great , very fast , and clean . Just make sure you wear goggles , a full face guard , and a long sleeve shirt . The thing spits out tiny , super sharp chips of steel right back at you .
 I used this blade on 18 gauge galvanized steep deck with 1.5 '' corrugations . This blade made clean cuts with no problems whatsoever . I ca n't rate the longevity of the blade because I only cut about 6 linear ft of roofing , but at the end of that cutting the blade was cool and there was no visible damage or wear to the blade . I suspect it is good for quite a bit of cutting .
 I 'm amazed that this cuts steel as easy as it does . Bought it for a pole-barn construction & it 's priceless ! Even had the neighbor borrow it for his saw for his pole-barn project . Makes life easier if you have steel to cut .
 - / / / / ------- > So much better than I expected I could n't beleve it . . ! Great Tooth Design & Lazer Slotting , etc. . Thank You . G-G
 I bought this blade to cut some 10 gauge sheet-metal for some millwright work i had to do . I put it in my circular saw and was really impressed how smooth and quickly it cut this heavy sheet-metal . I will never buy abrasive type blades again . I would definatly recommend wearing good eye protection and gloves , shavings are pretty wicked . I recommend buying this blade if you have any type of steel to cut ... you wont be dissapointed !
 We had a job clearing off what was left of some old mobile homes after they had been basically destroyed and getting what was left out required cutting the frames into manageable sections . We started the job using standard abrasive discs and found the going slow and the wear factor on the discs to be very high . So I did some research and came across the Freud Diablo Steel Demon.To say I was skeptical of the ability of this blade to cut through the main and cross beams on these frames would be an understatement . I 'm not skeptical any longer.We loaded up a Steel Demon into an old beater B&D ; circular saw expecting little . A few hours later the frames were all cut up and the blade was still going strong . On lighter duty jobs -LRB- sheet metal , roofing tin , steel studs , etc. -RRB- I expect these blades would be very durable indeed.Bottom line ? If you need to cut mild steel up to about a quarter inch thick and ca n't make use of a cutting torch , pass up the abrasive discs and get this blade . It 's faster , more durable and far more economical . Solid product . Very happy .
 Freud 48 tooth saw blade . What can I say . They make great blades . Real pioneers in the business ! This blades lasts and lasts . I have been using it to cut 1/8 '' steel walled 1 '' rods for over a year now and it 's still going strong . I recommend them for the price .
 I bought this to cut Texas Rib metal roofing . It cut the material very easily . A few sparks but no heat build up . Use full face shield , long sleeves , hearing protection , gloves , etc. . . The blade sends off little shards of metal but makes an extremely smooth cut . The reason it is better than I expected is that it even cut the corners of the roofing smoothly and they are not supported well . I thought it might bend them up , but no .
 Lasts several times longer than any other metal cutting blade I 've bought , at only 11/2 times the price . Cuts steel sheet clean and straight just like butter , and very quick compared to a grinder with abrasive blade!This blade is a very good buy if you need to cut ferrous steel , up to around 3/16 '' thick . I will keep buying this blade no doubt !
 As always , works great ! I operate a local handyman operation and go through a few saw blades . Freud has never failed me . I have Freud blades that have been resharpened 4 + times and keep on going . This new one replaces the one I used for finish carpentry . Perfect cuts ... Every Time !!
 I am going to have to disagree with some of the other people who have reviewed this blade.For some time now , I have been using a Freud Industrial LU91R012 crosscutting blade -LRB- purchased from Amazon some time back -RRB- in my Ridgid sliding compound miter saw . -LRB- I have reviewed this saw on two different woodworking sites . -RRB- The blade works well . However , I decided to get a backup blade to handle less demanding work . -LRB- I have the OEM blade that came with the saw , but it is only fit to do really rough and tumble cutting . -RRB- I purchased the Freud Diablo D1280X , because I have had good luck with other Freud Diablo blades , although those were general-purpose and ripping types . I also have used two different Freud Industrial ripping and general-purpose blades , and they worked no better than the Diablo versions , as best I can tell . The Industrials may have a very slight edge , but it is slight , and their only real advantage is that the thicker carbide allows for more sharpenings than with the Diablo versions.As with the LU91 , I purchased the D1280X from Amazon , and after using it I will say that it works as well as the LU91 . Indeed , in some ways it works better . It cuts faster , in spite of having more teeth -LRB- 80 vs 72 -RRB- and also does a better job of kicking sawdust up into the dust port at the back of the saw head . This is because it has a slight positive hook instead of the negative hook of the LU91 . -LRB- Negative hooks tend to throw dust straight back instead of swinging it upward . -RRB- In addition , there is no workpiece lift that I can determine , which makes one wonder why a negative hook is even needed . It also seems to cut just as cleanly.All in all , I give this blade five stars , and when it and the LU91 finally wear out -LRB- after getting the LU91 sharpened as many times as it can tolerate -RRB- I will replace both with another D1280X - probably purchased from Amazon , just like all of my other Freud blades.Howard Ferstler -LRB- husband of Debra Ferstler -RRB-
 Hands down , best blade for the price . There are slightly better blades , but much more expensive . And you can buy basic dewalt blades that dont perform near as well for the same price.Why would you do that?These blades make any saw better . I know use them in my table , compund miter , circular saws
 I replaced a Freud 80 T ATB blade with this one not long ago . Great performance and clean cuts with minimal splintering or tear out . Check it out .
 I got this blade expecting the package being only open and not used much . However the blade was used a lot and from what I could tell hard wood . And too top that It was missing a tooth.Long story short your not getting a good product if it 's been used . Just spend the $ 50 for a new one and be happy and not with a garbage blade after saving $ 30
 Running this blade in a DeWalt compound miter saw . Currently using it for cutting 2x framing materials , no issues . Creates nice clean cuts , no burns , minimal to no tear-out .
 Needed to cut a bunch of aluminum fencing . The instructions with the fencing just said use an electric miter saw . Nothing about what kind of blade . That would have been a catastrophe , as googling will tell you . And I did n't want to damage my 12 '' Makita sliding Compound Miter Saw , imo the best miter saw available at that radius or smaller . So I bought this blade and am very glad I did . Still , I went fairly slowly through the complex extrusion , and if there was any play against the fence , there was a tendency for blade grab . It has to be rock flush to the fence . Not the glass smooth cut that the stock Makita blade makes in wood , but that can not be expected . Cutting flexible plastic rail lining was more dicey , and some chipping of the plastic even with very slow feed occured . I doubt there would have been any trouble with more rigid plastic , such as pipe . A cutoff bonded carbide blade can really mess up your wood saw , thus this is the blade to get for non-ferrous . Has n't seem to dull in hundreds of cuts . Very tough carbide , very happy with it .
 Bought this blade to use with a DeWalt DW716 12 '' compound miter saw . I have a lot of jigs , fixtures , and miscellaneous shop equipment that I build from 1 `` x1 '' extruded aluminum tubing . This blade cuts through them like a hot knife through butter . Very pleased with the purchase , and I anticipate getting many years of use out of it .
 it works very well for plant usage , we are able to cut alum.or wood / sometimes we are cutting them both at the same time , also the thin kerf is alot easier on the saw motor , brakes etc.and at a glance , you can see the RED Blade , and know the operators have the correct blade for this operation .
 I purchased this fine-cut blade for my Bosch Glide miter saw prior to laying about 900 sq ft of laminate flooring that has an integral aluminum oxide containing finish on it for extra wear-resistance . One of the installer complaints about this type of flooring is the &#34; toughness &#34; of cutting it and the importance of having a chip-free accurate cut to allow the floor to look well-installed . The blade has performed extremely well providing smooth chip-free cuts and despite some sparking , the aluminum oxide finish has n't slowed it down at all . It 's also clear that the noise dampening laser cuts on the blade work well because there 's no screeching when making the cuts through such hard materials .
 time will tell if these are as durable as the tenryu alumacut blades that i 've used in the past . i use them for mostly wood trim work -LRB- not cutting 2x stock etc. -RRB- and some occasional copper pipe cutting and aluminum angle . produces a very nice smooth cut , using it in a makita 12 &#34; non sliding compound miter saw
 A little pricy , used it for cutting aluminum screen angles for my porch , if you need precision cuts , this is the ticket
 This is a great blade , but I must admit I 'm a little disgusted with Freud 's product labeling scheme . If you look on their website at the industrial line-up of TCG blades , they do not recommend anything but non-ferrous metals . But then their laminate blades -LRB- most are ATB -RRB- tell you not to cut non-ferrous metals . Anyway , as others have said , this - their consumer blade - has the label showing laminates , plywood , AND non-ferrous metals . I bought it to do metal - and that works - but it also did a great job on some laminates that I cut up the other day , showing no tear out when cut with masking tape on the top in a miter saw . I used this because I thought it might do better than my DeWalt 80 tooth ATB , and I think it did.BTW , this product is D1296N - Diablo , 12 '' , 96 teeth , non-ferrous . The more common ATB version is D1296X , which I am going to try out on my table saw for laminates , albeit the 10 '' version . I 'll let you know if anything else comes to light .
 I bought a do-it-yourself pro grade aluminum railing for our new porch . I cut the first top rail with my 4 &#34; grinder and knew that it would take forever . I looked up a blade for my 12 &#34; DeWalt and found this one . I bought it and it arrived quickly . I was worried because the blade says nothing on it or on the packaging that relates to cutting non-ferrous metal . It says only that it is for fine work and veneer . I went back to the listing on Amazon where it lists the blade for non-ferrous metal , so I decided to go ahead and use it.It makes perfect , accurate cuts every time . I could even shave the end of a rail by 1/64th &#34; to make things fit better . Do not hesitate if you have to cut aluminum . Now that the rail is up , I will leave the blade in place to cut the window trim as well . I got a free laser marker for my saw with the saw and that helps me make very accurate cuts . When the little watch battery gives out in the laser I will immediately get another . I ca n't live without the marker now .
 I cut aluminum all day , every day . Schedule 40 pipe from 3/4 &#34; -4 &#34; and 1/4 &#34; - 1/2 &#34; flat bar . This blade cuts sweet and all I put on it is Lever bar soap for lubricant . As with any aluminum cutting carbide blade , do not force the cut like you are cutting interior wood trim and it should last a long time .
 Great blade for a good price . I use it in a Dewalt DW715 miter saw primarily for cutting aluminum extrusions.This the second blade I purchased over the last couple of years . Good buy !
 This blade is perfect for cutting super hardwoods like lapacho , ipe , or any wood with similar hardness . I purchased it for an ipe floor that I am installing . When using with a zero clearance insert , this blade produces perfectly smooth cuts with virtually no tear out and stays very sharp .
 Freud is a brand I typically trust for good value and quality . I have n't used this blade yet , but I am concerned that nowhere on the package does it mention cutting non-ferrous metal . The toughest material it is rated for according to the label is laminate . I will probably use it anyway , as the aluminum I need to cut should n't be that big a deal , but perhaps Amazon should clarify this issue.UPDATE
 I was pleasantly surprised by how well this blade cut through extruded aluminum deck planking using my mitre saw . There was no chatter and the edges were neat and clean .
 This did a great job with my DeWalt mitre saw in cutting heavy AL extrusion to install a Shower door . Very satisfied .
 I had to install 1000 ' of 4 '' PVC house foundation perimeter drain pipe and roof rain water collection system . This blade works great , I 'm half way through the job and I have had no problems . . nice clean cuts .
 I have used the 10 '' Diable combo blade in my table saw now for many years . Freud Diable is the only blade I will buy . This 12 '' blade , in my opinion , comes very close to the Forrest blade cut but at half the price . I use this on hardwood crosscuts in my DeWalt sliding miter with great results .
 I 'm using this in my chop saw for wood trim . Cuts are silky smooth . Would n't recommend triple chip teeth for framing lumber though - just not aggressive enough . If you 're looking for a dedicated blade for trim and picture frames at an affordable price , consider this one .
 I used mine to miter railing and other complex -LRB- aluminum -RRB- extrusions for an Ikea hacking project . Like another reviewer said , it really does slice through effortlessly . If you take your time with the cuts , the edges do come out like in machined , factory cuts . And yes , it makes super smooth cuts in pine -LRB- i.e. high tooth count -RRB- . This is my second Diablo ; love em .
 perfectly accurate right out of box - paired it w / 96-tooth Diablo blade . great price and saved a ton of dough instead of buying @ HD
 This blade is worth every penny . I bought one of these at the lumber yard I work at -LRB- wherever Ace Hardware is stocked -RRB- and absolutely love it . I use it in myBosch 4212L 12-Inch Dual Bevel Compound Miter saw with Laser Tracking . It 's sturdy and runs quietly . I am not sure , though , whether it can be reteethed . I should also note that this blade has 3 different teeth while most have only two . Rather than having only left and right teeth , this blade has teeth for left , right , and center . I strongly recommend it to everyone . It cuts so smoothly that you 'll never have to sand again .
 I was skeptical but his product really helps clean up most debris out of a sanding belt prolonging the belt 's useful life .
 I recently installed this blade on an old Dewalt 14 '' radial arm saw . Nice !!! The cuts are clean , splinter-free , and accurate . The blade purchased here was also at an incredible savings .
 I purchased this in case I locked myself out of my Garage.Excellent price , Great Build , The keypad lights up Cool Redwhen the item is Active -LRB- about 42 secs -RRB- . The Company that I purchased this from , Sanford & Sons was very professional .
 Super easy to install . I 'm on the same battery after installing it over one year ago .
 I went looking for an automatic door opener because one day I took my bike ride and I forgot my push button thing and was locked out . I went on line , did the due diligence thing and found this item to be advertised as compatible with my door motor etc. . . The big box stores wanted twice this price -LRB- $ 45 plus tax -RRB- and the big `` W '' wanted only five dollars less . So I went for it . Paid $ 21 including shipping . Told it would be delivered on the 24th , got it on the 18th . It programmed with the purple learn button the first try . mounted it in about 10 min . Now I 'm going on my bike ride . I have no idea how it will do over the long run , but the packing was very damaged and half ripped open when I got it but the item seemed to be undamaged . I hope that is a testament to it 's ruggedness . Today I am one very happy customer . Kudos to - 365GarageDoorParts - LiftMaster by Chamberlain 315MHz Wireless Keypad 377LM
 Easy installation and easy programming . Did it in about 5 min and has worked ever since . Its nice that if the door is open you just have to hit enter in order to close it .
 Bought this from Amazon . Inexpensive and arrived fast . So easy to install and works perfectly . Love the option that allows me to just press ENTER to close the door . Buy this and you will be happy .
 Simply put , this thing works great and was very simple to install . In all of 15 minutes this thing was up and running .
 The package came quickly and as described . It was a great price and It was easy to setup and install . I recommend it !
 This product has worked great so far and was very easy to put up and program . I like some of the functionality that it has as well .
 You ca n't ask for much more . Take it out of the box , read the directions and it works perfectly . Good product .
 this remote was very easy to install and even easier to program . It took me all of 5 minutes to do both . We were without a keypad for over a year ! Should have done this sooner .
 Super easy to install and to program . Do n't know why I waited so long to add this to our new home . A cheap keyless way for easy access !
 This was easily installed and works as easily as a four button telephone number . It helps me avoid opening the car and reaching for the remote . if the keys are inside it saves steps . It can be programed for temporary number to allow a service member entry if necessary . It really is an inexpensive convenience . Recommend product and vendor .
 I was concerned as this was my first order from this company . Was on time and the price best I found on the internet .
 The opener is a snap to program and install . The price was much less than I could buy it from Sears or a hardware store .
 Purchased for our new home 's garage . It mounted easily -LRB- just 2 screws -RRB- , and works flawlessly . Definitely handy to have , especially if you have and walk a dog - like me .
 Excellent product , easy to program , easy to operate , the buttons do n't stick like the earlier model , and you only need to punch the numbers in once . Good buy !
 It is a nice product , which meets my expectation . I used it for 1 month . As of now , it works well .
 Worked like it was described to work . speedy shipping , very happy with product . Easy to program , and is usable on more than one garage door .
 The LiftMaster by Chamberlain 315MHz Wireless Keypad 377LM worked exactly as described . Programming was very simple as was the installation . Amazingly it took longer to open the double boxed it arrived in then it did to install . Best price I found anywhere was at ` amazon ' . The cover over the keypad keys the weather out . The backlighted keys are a superb feature at night and the one button closing really makes an easy exit .
 Good product . Easy instructions , worked right out of the box with my Raynor Pilot garage door opener . It was shipped on time and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I received my wireless remote yesterday . Set up -LRB- linking to my unit and programming with my 4-digit code -RRB- took about 1 minute and installation took about 3 minutes . Very easy to acheive . Small , lightweight and unobtrusive when mounted . Does exactly what I wanted it to do -LRB- and at a price of around 50 % for the same unit in the local store -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the reliability because I have only just installed it , but I will update if it gives me any issues .
 I ordered this to go with my Liftmaster 3800 garage door openers . I use the code much more than I thought I would . Works perfectly and blends in with my garage door frame . Simple installation .
 easy instalation and works find . Make sure you buy the correct keypad depending upon the color of your learn button of your garage door opener.Amazon is the place to buy . Best price for this product around $ 20 .
 Very easy to install . Love the temporary code feature that allows for a set number of uses or length of time .
 just as it was described!Works wonderfully ! Installation was less than 10 minutes and it has done a great job over the past 3 weeks
 I bought this to install on the outside of the garage for convenience knowing at some point I will be standing in front of a closed door carrying something and wishing I do n't have to go through the house to open the garage door or go in to one of the cars to hit the button . No wires , easy to install . Neutral color works fine with the siding and does n't draw attention to people walking past . Light keypad will be nice .
 This is a really great item that does everthing it 's advertised to do . I was extremely pleased with the low price and quick delivery I received through Amazon . I would certainly buy it again in the same way .
 Got this at my parents ' recommendation . I thought I would only use it if I got locked out , but it 's come in handy when I 'm doing yardwork and do n't want to leave the garage door open for hours , but also would like to be able to get in there rather than going through the house -LRB- strict no shoes policy per my wife =-RRB- -RRB- . Setup was super easy . Just press the purple button on the main unit to learn and then enter your four digit code , presto ! And mounting it on the wall was simple too with instructions included.The other feature that I have n't used yet but am quite excited about is the guest code feature . Say you are going on vacation and have asked someone to feed the cat or something . You can choose a guest code that is only temporary and you can dictate how long the code is valid for ! So after , say , 48 hours , the guest code will no longer be valid and you can still use your old code ! Brilliant!And thank goodness it 's available online . All the `` universal '' remotes at Loew 's / Home Depot sell for at least 40 bucks ... ridiculous.Amazon for the win .
 The product was very easy to install and worked right away . It was easy to change the code . The light on the keypad is red and easy to see . Buy though Amazon the not directly from the manufactor because the Amazon price is about 1/2 . Vert happy with purchase .
 Great unit , easy to program and setup . The instructions were easy to read . Only took about 5 minutes . I like the lighted keypad .
 After trying to find one of these and doing some reaseerch i stumbled across this one.I purchased it at Home Depot . It comes under the Chamberlain Name but the unti its the same.Literally took 2 minutes to install . Please pay special attention to the MHz . This works with the Purple button on the back of your garage door opener . Do not purchase this if yours has a different color . It simply will not work . there are others that correspond to your color such as orange , grey , green , etc.Great unit i must recommend .
 2 YEAR UPDATE JAN 2013The 377LM retains my 5 star rating . This unit has survived daily use by two adults and three small children at my son 's house . That 's quite an accomplishment considering the builder-supplied indoor control was demolished in a year.ORIGINAL REVIEW DEC 2010While this is a preliminary review based primarily on installation and initial operation of the 377LM , I have several months experience with the similar 376LM as well . This new unit was for my son 's house.Installation of the 377LM took about 15 minutes , some of of which was spent carrying and setting up a ladder to reach the Learn button on the motor-mounted receiver.The unit came with a 9V battery installed . Setup went flawlessly following the simple well-written instructions .1 . I pushed the purple Learn button on the receiver -LRB- behind the lamp cover on my unit -RRB- .2 . I entered a four digit code of my choosing on the 377LM keypad .3 . The motor unit responded with two clicks indicating success .4 . I tested operation by again entering the code and pushing Enter . The door moved appropriately . I pushed Enter again and it stopped . Once more and it reversed .5 . I mounted the unit on the wall near the garage , using the two screws provided and tested it successfully again . I was done.The buttons on this unit appear a bit more robust than on the older 376LM that I have been using . The 377LM 's buttons are a little rounder and appear to be less prone to getting stuck if pushed sideways . I had no problems at all with the buttons on this unit . A nice improvement on an already good product . My 376LM has been operating without problems for several months . I expect the 377LM will be as reliable .
 Bought on line for less than half the price I could buy in a store . Product was 100 % . We are very happy and will buy again on Amazon.com
 Easy to install and program . It will control two doors even though it never mentions it in the product manual . Just pick another code and go through the sequence again .
 Works for openers with PURPLE learn button.Can control more than one door.Takes temporary codes limited by time or number of uses.Easy to use.Appears to be high quality.Works great .
 This keyless entry for my garage door works exactly as promised . It took me longer to screw the item to the wall than it did to program my garage door opener for this unit . Just make sure that you have the right keyless entry for your opener . This one works only on units with a purple programming button .
 This is my third wireless pad over the years.It is the least expensive , but the easiest to install and program . It works with the 315 MHz Sears Craftsman garage door opener with a purple learn button . It takes AA batteries instead of more expensive styles.I like it better than the wireless units that came with the opener for use in the cars . Their range is poor . This unit is back lighted for easy night time operation . The unit arrived faster than was predicted using regular ground delivery services.I 'd buy it again without a second thought .
 Came quickly . Was a piece of cake to program and install . Works like a charm . FYI - you do need to have the purple &#34; learn &#34; button on your opener for this to work .
 Unit arrived on time and was well packages . Installation instructions were clear and included a mounting template . Easy to sync with current opener . Works well .
 I ordered this unit for my garage because it is wireless and was made specifically for my Liftmaster opener . It was shipped and received in a very short time which I appreciate.Installation of the unit to the wall is a simple two screw affair and posed no problems . Then it was time to program the unit.The instructions said to enter my preferred 4-digit code then press the enter button . At the same time , while holding the enter button , also press the &#34; light button &#34; on the multi-function door control and ... while continuing to hold these two buttons , press the push bar on the multi-function control.Okay , stop right there . My garage door opener came with simple doorbell type button on the wall and two single-function -LRB- Open/Close -RRB- remote with no light button.In the end , I do n't know what any of this had to do with programming the 4-digit code into the new unit since getting the garage door opener to &#34; learn &#34; how to receive the new unit is a totally separate section in the instructions.I finally punched in my 4-digits , pressed and held the enter button while pressing my remote . The new unit seemed to like this since the lights on the keypad blinked on and off.Now , for teaching my opener to listen to the new unit . This was much easier -LRB- Maybe since I 've done it dozens of times for car remote systems -RRB- . Anyway , it 's pretty simple
 I bought this remote for a new craftsman opener b/c because the previous crafstman opener died.I bought another crafstman opener thinking I would save money b/c I had 3 remotes and a pad . Since the package said it would , I figured it would.No such luck - the new craftsman opener wo n't work with the old remotes.I called craftsman and they were unsympathetic to my plight.So I give this product a 4 out of 5 because it works - I deducted a star because of the company not making compatible products and printing labels on boxes that state otherwise and then pretty much not caring .
 Easy to install and program - took less than 10 minutes . Nice one button feature to close the door . Shipping was fast .
 Unfortunately , I still have n't installed . However , it checks out when testing with my garage . Liftmaster is an excellent company . Highly recommend .
 Works perfect with my Chamberlain door opener . Easy to program using the purple learn button . Daughter purchased this from Amazon and gifted it to me for Christmas .
 This is a great addition to your garage door . It allows a temporary code as well so you can set it for repair people or if you just want someone to get in for one time . Easy to install , simple to program -LRB- just push a button on the opener & then one on the device & you are done - almost too easy -RRB- . Great alternative to having multiple keys to your home floating around too !
 i ca n't really review this model , because even though i ordered the 376LM for my liftmaster garage door -LRB- purple learn button -RRB- ; i received the 377LM . lucky for me the 377LM works great w / my garage door , otherwise i would not be a happy camper .
 Easy to install and it also improved the signal for my remote . I would recommend this product to everyone with a craftsman garage door opener .
 We 've had this for about two years now . It was very easy to install . Now , we can go into the garage without having to carry a remote . When we want to take the kids on a walk with a stroller and have the boys ride their bikes , we can go out the garage and not have to carry a remote . Has worked perfect .
 Push the purple learn button on your opener , enter your 4 digit code within 30 seconds , walk over to where you want to mount it , drive one of the included screws , hang it on that one , remove the battery cover to drive the second screw through and you 're up and running . That simple . Took me maybe 5 minutes including the time to open the box , get my step ladder and get my cordless drill and driver bits.It has a cool feature that allows you to assign temporary codes for if you have guests staying or need to give someone access but do n't want to hand over your keys or permanent code . The temporary code can be set for a specified amount of openings or hours . The keypad has red back lighting . I find that the red makes the keys easier to read than the more common green back light . The only minor negative I have is that it does n't light until you press a button . It would be nice if they could make it so that opening the flip up cover somehow triggered it to light up . Uses a 9 Volt batter -LRB- included along with mounting screws -RRB- like those common to smoke detectors.UPDATE *** Over a year later in the arid climate of Coastal Washington -LRB- note the sarcasm ? -RRB- and still working like new . Have n't even changed the battery yet .
 This opener is a snap to install . I think it took me 23 seconds to program & set this up . Great item at a great price . Just make sure you match up the Mhz that your opener has to this unit .
 Product exactly as described , set up with the purple learn button took only seconds . A great feature I wanted to point out , you only have to hit `` enter '' to close the door . You can set up temp codes for access for your plumber , contractor , family , etc. . Comes with a battery . Has a bright red back-lite keypad . Super easy istall with two screws . Great product for the price , $ 50 at the local home improvement store .
 Was easy as pie to set up and program . I have no complaints ... just wish they made it in black or brown .
 Great device ... did n't have multi door feature , but was n't listed either . I just did n't look for it until it was being installed
 This was the easiest item to pair with my garage door I have ever used , you dont even have to get to the garage door motor . You need to ensure you have the purple sync button for this item .
 Great for kids and adults who do n't like to carry -LRB- and misplace -RRB- house keys with them everywhere . This product has been great for opening the garage without having to walk through the whole house and using the wall unit on the inside . Very time saving , and kids are never locked out !
 I followed the very easy directions , and this keypad works just as intended . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 Never have to get a call from my kids because they can find their house key . No more breaking the screens when they climb through the window . Easy to program , easy to operate , key pad lights up in the dark .
 Delivered quick and in perfect working order . Just use phillips screwdriver and mount to outside of garage . Push learn button on door opener and enter code on remote ... and ... abra cadabra . Love it . Why didnt i do this ten years ago ?
 Two screws included.All you need is a drill and a screwdriver.Works great with learn button.Installed this in less than 10 minutes .
 Order was processed , shipped and received quickly and without incident . Instructions did not indicate it would work with more than one LiftMaster door opener , but a call to LiftMaster support quickly confirmed it does and how to program it .
 Easy to install and program . Works great . I love the fact that I can create a temporary code for visitors.Do you realize when you write reviews on Amazon it shows up on the web in a Google search .
 My original keypad died on me , so I replaced it with this oneEasy to install , and worked great from the getgo.What I like about it best though , is you do not have to enter your code when LEAVING the garage . Just press enter and your set .
 this is so useful . programs easily like a standard remote . i was able to attach to the outside of my garage and it 's great to give a friend a code or use it instead of my keys .
 Works just fine . . perfect for what I needed ... no problems and easy installation . I was able to mount it outside garage door and it opens up every time .
 Works like a charm and saves many steps in a week . Easy to use and extremely easy to program . Work every time and makes working around house so easy .
 This product was exactly as advertised . The instructions were easy to understand and it installed -LRB- replaced a ten year old keypad -RRB- in less than 15 minutes . It 's been installed for about six weeks with no issues .
 This is an excellent product!Before I purchased the wireless keypad , I worried that the quality would not be there because of the low price -LRB- around 20 bucks -RRB- . After purchasing it , I was very happy with the quality . It is very easy to mount and program -LRB- be sure your garage door motor has the purple program button -RRB- . I like how the keys are backlit at night and that the 9 volt battery was included.Without a doubt , one of the best deals I 've come across while shopping Amazon .
 Price was right , arrived ahead of estimated delivery date , easy to setup , mounted to wall outside of garage , worked correctly on the first try , Yes ! 5 Stars ... Simon
 Very easy to program , and it works well . The price , including postage , was very reasonable ; and I received the item in a short period of time .
 This exterior remote works great ; it was easy to install and pair with our opener . Pairing was so easy that my wife -LRB- not tech savvy at all -RRB- was able to set it up in just a couple minutes .
 Purchased garage opener , it was easy to install and it works great . Would recommend to friend and would purchase item again .
 The 377LM Keyless entry keypad was received within 3 days of placing the order . After opening the package , this device was easy to program and install - in fact , completed installation within one hour !
 The company that sold this got it from California to Pennsylvania in like 3 days . The price was right , it worked great and I am very please with the whole experience . Would definitely make a purchase with this company again .
 This was a wonderful value . It is very easy to install and works exactly as it should . Be sure to check the color dot on the motor of your opener before purchasing so you will get the right one . I would definitely recommend this to any friends or family member in need of an opener .
 works as expected , very easy to program . one thing is you have to press hard on the buttons for it to recognize what you pressing but other than that its a great one and gets used atleast 10-15 times a day for almost a year and so far so good
 Item arrived quickly with no problems . The keypad was easy to program and easy to mount . Works with my Craftsman garage opener .
 Worth every cent i paid and more . Very easy to install push purple button enter code done . I highly recommend
 Easy setup , works well . I wonder how long the battery will work . Now I do n't have to search for a remote to open my garage door when I am outside working .
 Bought this keypad about 2 months ago . It was simple to install and even easier to set the code . An unexpected feature is that you can close the garage door by just pressing &#34; Enter &#34; without entering your code . Nice .
 This was super easy to install and worked perfectly . I had it programmed and mounted in under 15 min . I could n't be happier !
 Item description was so helpful in selecting which would work with my opener without spending more then I had to .
 I used this blade to cut 1/4 '' thick acrylic -LRB- plexiglass -RRB- sheet with my circular saw . The blade performed flawlessly - clean cuts , perfect edges . I did run a bead of liquid dish soap on the cut line before I made the cut . I read somewhere that this can help when cutting acrylic - the soap lubricates and cools the blade .
 I use this blade to cut 120-300 linear feet of quarter-inch thick acrylic per week . It 's been two years , and the blade continues to make very smooth cuts . A word to the wise ... do n't use the blade to cut wood , even in a pinch . I used an identical blade , prior to the current blade , to cut a very small bit of oak trim while on a job . It dulled the blade noticeably .
 I 've been using belt cleaners for years , but they 've been getting a lot harder to find in recent years . The big home improvement store not only does n't carry them , they did n't even know what a belt cleaner was . The last couple I got at my local hardware store were only so-so , and they left the sanding belt sort of sticky.This belt cleaner works just great ! It cleans my 4 `` x36 '' sanding belt in a flash without leaving any noticeable residue . It 's also huge ; it should last for years , and the price was very reasonable . If you use a sanding belt , you need one of these .
 Very pleased with the service and really surprised with the size of the belt cleaner I bought from Peachtree through Amazon . My only hassle with Amazon is that I can not pay for articles with PayPal .
 I used these on a family room dining table and chairs -LRB- they come in a smaller size as well -RRB- . The room has a finished oak floor . I had previously used glides purchased at a box store which were attached to the table leg or chair leg . Those would break off and scratch the floor . These are much more substantial and you mount them with a screw . I have had them on the table and chairs for several months and am very satisfied with them .
 This device is great at helping me diagnose heating/cooling problems by spot-checking vents . It gives instant feedback and allows me to quickly triage HVAC problems .
 Purchased this for business to check on heatflow issues within server cabinets in a data center . Easy to use , reliable and easy on batteries . Later at home , heard a buzzing coming from the main electrical circuit panel . Suspected a loose connection of something and was concerned about touching anything . Used the Fluke to find the hotspot , the main 200 amp circuit breaker was arcing internally.Even later at home , needed to measure temps while making pizza dough from scratch . Could n't find the cooking thermometer for the yeast and used the Fluke again . What a great idea , no possible contamination of food.During the frozen winter here in northern Ohio , used it to find cold spots in the exterior walls where better insulation was needed . Even used it to tease the deer in the backyard like you would a tease cat with a laser pointer.Yea , I know it 's made in China but at least the company is headquartered here . I 've used Fluke and many of it 's acquisitions products for decades and have had positive experiences .
 Great for measuring hot or cold water temps . electrical wire or breaker temps . pipe temps . . HVAC air temps . Good for those ceiling discharge areas that you would normally need a ladder to measure .
 You can depend on anything made by Fluke to be a quality item . I use this at my work place to check HVAC performance , boiler function , and at home for checking any number of things . Great price through Amazon .
 Extremely useful . Find those drafty leaks in your doors and windows , Check temps on HVAC units , and make sure the baby 's milk is at the right temperature . Oh and its great for checking the temp of frying oil before you drop the papadums in .
 Fluke great quality . Easy to use , works well . I use it to check AC exit temps , automobile diagnosics , even the temp of my griddle and barbeque .
 Excellent thermal radiation thermometer with consistent performance and ease of use being the key features .
 The Fluke 62 came when it was promised and preformed exactly as advertised ! I just had a new Heatpump installed in my home . The digital thermometer made balanceing the system quiet easy . Very easy to use!Don Young a happy customer !
 Can differentiate between temperature differences in a small area . Seems to be accurate and reliable
 I am using this for finding cold spots around the house , walls , doors , windows etc. . It works great and it 's alot of fun with the kids . They are learning about temperature .
 Rugged , back lit , holds max temp . I 've used it on everything from engines to HVAC to windows to milk for my baby . I use it several times a day every day . After a year , it 's still on it 's first set of batteries .
 I have a Raytek -LRB- RAYMT6 -RRB- MT6 Mini Temp Infrared Thermometer , which I love , and which seems to be the same thing as the Fluke 62 , but for a lot less money . See my review for the MT6 , which should be applicable to this item as well . I prefer the look of the Fluke version , but if I can save $ 35 , I 'll deal with having one that 's black and gray.Note that when I did some research I found that the 1 % stated in the description is misleading . Fluke 's own specifications state that the 1 % is only valid between 50-86F . The complete specs are :10 C to 30C -LRB- 50 F to 86 F -RRB-
 I bought this to assist me in honing my chocolate tempering skills as regular candy thermometers are such an amazing pain to use , but it ended up improving my cooking even further by alerting me to the fact that the thermostat on my oven was consistently off by nearly 40 degrees . I 've no doubt it will come in handy the next time I think I have a fever , find some faulty weatherstriping or suspect an electronic component of overheating , too . It 's well-built , accurate and its UI does pretty much everything right by default . My one complaint is that you have to open up the battery compartment to move the tiny little dip switch from Fahrenheit to Celsius -- I personally think a recessed bubble switch on the housing would have been a wiser choice.The package Amazon sent me was DUSTY beyond belief , so I have a feeling they do n't sell too many of these , but everything inside the blister pack was in perfect working order .
 I purchased this for my business and it has come in handy several times . Its very easy to use and its interesting to know surface temp on just about anything . I pull cable for a living and it helps me to know how hot an area is -LRB- such as an atic -RRB- before going up there . Fluke is a name I can trust and that was the big reason why I purchased this .
 Works good at room & high temps.Definitely does n't work as well at below 0 degree F.Compared with a higher end IR thermometer was within 1 degree F.Good compact size with nice case.Outstanding laser & backlight works great !
 This is a great tool . I bought it to experiment with maintenance and troubleshooting procedures on large diesel engines , transmissions and chain drive systems , planning to buy a more expensive , industry-hardened version if it proves useful . It is useful , but still have n't felt the need to upgrade.I 've also used it in miscellaneous projects -- located roof leaks , checked body temperatures of self and family ; scanned horses legs for injuries ; and probably something entirely different today or tommorrow .
 This is a REAL man toy . I have these at work and played with them there . We always have to pass it around for a bit of fun . Had to have one at home for computer , house leaks , fore heads , engine temps , fireplace , and dog butts . Seems to target well at about 10 feet , further than I expected . Just about instant reading and remembers highest seen . Has trouble going through glass , DUH ! . Verified temps with house temp sensors , always within a half degree . As a toy its great , as a tool it 's a hundred times easier than a probe , no waiting , no juggling meters . The only problem is at a work place it has legs .
 I have found out more and more uses for the infrared thermometer . I got it to check out my boat engine for hot spots and see if there are any problems . I now use it for just about anything . My wife was hatching geese and wanted to make sure that the egg was at 100 degrees . It was quick and easy . I have also used it to check for cold spots in the house and where the cold air is coming from . I think that money I spent was well worth it when there is so many uses for it .
 I have enjoyed playing with this quite a bit . It is handy for cooking , for checking temperatures of things I do n't want to touch -LRB- a wood stove , a bath of caustic chemicals for printed circuit board manufacture , etc. -RRB- However , I have found that it is fairly inaccurate at the low end of the scale . For instance , on a recent snowy day for which the weather report read a consistent 20 degrees Fahrenheit -LRB- which was consistent with a non-IR digital thermometer I had when I left it in the snow for a while -RRB- , the Fluke IR thermometer was sometimes reading at times between eight and zero degrees Fahrenheit.I eventually figured out that the longer I had the thermometer outside , the lower its readings got -- if I took it out from a warm room outside and immediately took a temperature reading , it read approximately what I expected -LRB- 20 degrees -RRB- , but after about twenty seconds outside , it was reading 14 degrees , and the reported temperature kept dropping thereafter . -LRB- Note that I was using it to measure the temperature of the outside snow about 15 inches away from the thermometer . -RRB- This made it virtually useless for what I was trying to do -LRB- measure the temperature of a water faucet to determine if it was in danger of freezing -RRB- .
 As an equipment troubleshooter , this tool comes in handy to see where power is heating up , where a bad bearing is , comparison checks . It is simple and straight forward to use . No bells or whistles - just point it and you get the Temp . There is a switch by the battery -LRB- easy to replace -RRB- that lets you select Centigrade or Fahrenheit . Easy to read the window and it fits right in my toolpouch next to my screwdrivers .
 Fluke lazer thermometer has narrow plus/minus range . You can buy a cheaper one , but not know the accuracy well . The price is very good for the accuracy you get . Fluke makes very good products .
 One of the best mini infrared thermometers I have ever seen . This thing is accurate and quick while very easy to use .
 One of the best investments I have ever made . This is accurate , quick , easy to use . Everyone I show it too is amazed , which is kinda interesting considering it is only a thermometer
 Well , will wonders ever cease . Ordered this item and was assigned an expected delivery date of Monday Jan 23 . Upon my return home at noon today , I checked the mail , and the Fluk 62 Mini was in the mail box -LRB- three days early -RRB- ... HURRAY.I played with Fluke 62 Mini some , checking the digital thermostat , and other thermometers in and outside the house . I was pleased to see that the Fluke 62 Mini demonstrated they all coincided to each other . I feel like a happy Fluke 62 owner .
 Excelent permorfance . We use them in my company to track temperature for our exports of fresh fish and flowers and they work great .
 Great product , fair price and super fast shipping . This is a quality meter and I would recommend it to anyone needing temperature control accuracy .
 This is a easy to use and easy to understand unit . It is rugged and reliable . The price is reasonable for the features and accuracy .
 Great item . As owner/manager of rental properties , we use this tool often . We use it to check the surface temp of anything from interior walls , floors , stove tops , water , to intake and discharge air coming out of our air ducts and into our return ducts . We find it to be accurate and fast , which saves us time and time is money . It has paid for itself many , many times over . Good product and a good price , what more could you want .
 This is a very handy , accurate tool for any shop with multiple uses , especially if you 're working on any mechanical device .
 We ended many an argument in the office that it was either too hot or too cold . Numbers trump perception !
 I gave this to my son who loves to cook . He was pleased as he had tried a cheap one and was glad to get the &#34; real &#34; one .
 For my purpose , measuring the temperature of surfaces before welding or handling , it performs as described . No issues as of yet . Very easy to use and seems durable . A + +
 We bought to check for heat buildup in our travel trailer tires when towing . The device is easy to use , registers temperature very quickly . Sometimes the red laser dot is hard to see in bright sun .
 Very accurate and does the job very well . I was interested in how my new patio windows were keeping the hot weather out and how my old windows were comparing , since I thought I needed to replace all my house windows . Found out the old ones were giving me the same ratings as the new ones . Very happy not to have to replace windows this year .
 Probably one of the most useful products around - at a cost that wo n't break the bank . Rising temperatures can point to potential failure in equipment . Hot circuit brekers in the electric panel can be replaced before they fail or catch fire . Even measuring around doors and windows can point to ineffective or worn weatherstripping . Easy to use - I love it !
 This item works well right out of the box . It 's easy to use with one hand and the screen is easy to see .
 This is a great by , the product was delivered fast and it is very accurate . I have put it up against a lot of thermometers and is always dead on .
 Great quality temp gun and has multiple uses . Upto yet I have used it to test water temp , find leaks in AC duct , areas of missing insulation in lofts , return air temps , engine temps , concrete temps etc etc it has so many uses .
 Absolutely brilliant.Very easy to use piece of specialist equipment . The ability to point and shoot the temperature of automotive , mechanical components -LRB- includes electrical -RRB- in fact , take the temperature of anything.I even took the dog 's temperature . This tool is an absolute time saver.Gone are the days of contact probes , and even with the ability to use software to read to the computer control systems and temperature units , that is only part of the story.The Fluke 62 is a must have.Greg WatersAutomotive - Mechanical EngineerSAE Advanced -LRB- Master -RRB- TradeN.Z
 I tested the temperature measured by this IR thermometer with temperatures measured by a contact thermometer . In all cases , there was agreement between the two . It is high quality and comes with a good case to keep and transport it in . When using it , make sure you learn the relationship between the distance from object being measured and size of measured area -LRB- it 's covered in the instructions -RRB- .
 I bought this to see what my floor temps were with radiant heat and locate cool spots that need additional insulation . It works great . very accurate . Just squeeze the trigger and scan to see temp differences around the house . love it .
 I purchased this for use in a computer data center . We 've been using it since early 2008 and it works flawlessly . Point and shoot and you get an accurate temperature of the designated spot -LRB- noted by red laser dot -RRB- . Hold down the trigger and the measurements continue . It does what it is supposed to do . The case is plastic and it does feel somewhat cheap in your hand . However , Fluke makes great products in my opinion . This product does exactly what I need it to do and it has held up well over the years . I would caution anyone intending to use it in an environment where it may receive shock to the body but that is just a concern I have that ca n't be validated at this time . The screen is easy to read with a decent sized font . I do n't believe the LCD has a backlight which could be the only thing I can think of that may come in handy depending on the environment . I would purchase this again along with other Fluke products .
 What a useful tool ! I ca n't say whether more expensive ones are better , or if cheaper ones are just as good , but I can say this one works and does incredibly useful jobs for me all the time.I use it primarily in the kitchen . It tells me the temperature of pans before I put food in . It tells me the temperature of oil before I deep fry . It tells me the temperature of my kids hot chocolate before they complain.I use it on the cars to check exhaust , brake , oil and coolant temperatures . I check temperatures of wheel bearings and hubs and it helps determine the types of lubricants , threadlockers , and paints to use . I use it to test A/C functions.I use it in the home for HVAC operations , to test insulation and weather sealing . I use it to check bathwater temperatures.I use it at the lake and river to check water temperatures during different seasons -- is it really that much colder ? or is it my wetsuit?I 've used it to check my dog 's temperature ! It 's not as accurate as a rectal one but I 'd rather use this first and see if I really need to go there.If I were to compliment this with an upgrade , I would go for one of the FLIR type cameras that show live IR video images . Those are coming down in price now and are n't too far out of reach of those of us who do n't use it in our jobs/businesses . Getting a visual `` map '' of temperatures is useful , but it can be done to some degree with this simple thermometer if you just scan around methodically .
 It is a accurate and easy to use . It is easy to own wuth a very reasonable cost of ownership .
 For the price and the range of temperatures this gizmo is a must for the hobbyistCheers JJB
 This meter has so many uses around the house , I wonder how I got by without one ! Besides cooking , checking for hot and cold spots near windows , on floors and in ceilings , it is great for checking decks for possible icing conditions -LRB- which might have prevented a broken leg a couple of years ago -RRB- . Every day we find new uses for this device .
 I use this mostly for cooking - amazing for sugar syrup and other liquids . But it is also useful for sick kids and cats , finding leaks in weatherstripping , and seeing if tts warm enough to paint . My favorite tool of the year .
 Excellent piece of test equipment . Seems very accurate , easy to use and the build quality is top notch , typical of all fluke equipment .
 I buy this instrument because I am automotive thecnichian , and work very good , is speciality useful when need take in things very hot as radiadores anf motors .
 ITEM WAS AS DEPICTED ON WEB SITE . BUILT BETTER THAN THE CHEAPER MODELS . GUESS THIS TIME YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.VERY PLEASE WITH AMAZON AND THERE SERVICES .
 I bought this to look for insualtion leaks and drafts . It works pretty good for that and I have found a lot of other uses for it as well . The unit is small and easy to use . The hardest part was getting the batteries in it -LRB- the battery door is the yellow part of the handle and opens forward , I always seem to think it should be the grey part , and open back -RRB- . The screen is easy to read in all lighting conditions and it holds the last reading for a few seconds so you can see it if you need to measure something in a position where you ca n't see the screen . The unit seems accurate for most of the surfaces I have tried it on . It does not have an emissivity adjustment , so you must be mindful of some particualr surfaces , but the manual does a good job of explainig what to wathc out for . The one area we found where it does not work well is measureing water temperature in the kitchen . Our kitchen thermometer was on the fritz and we tried to use this to check water temp for canning . It dis not read the water temp very reliably .
 I am very pleased with buying things on Amazom , the service is very good and I have never had any problems with them . I RATE Amazon as one of the best places to shop for nearly anything . Now for the Fluke temp infrared gun , I rate it very high . Most anything by Fluke is of very high quality . Ron W.
 I ca n't review product ! My kids think the thing is so cool , I ca n't get it back to put it to use . Looks like it works just fine . It 's no Fluke , that it 's kid tested tuff !
 This mini infrared thermometer is easy to use and very versitle . I use it to moniter the temperature of my wiring and electrical devices .
 So many other people have raved about this tool , and I feel like I need to , also . This has to be the best idea Fluke has come out with in a while ! Not only can you use it to determine temp on the job , but you can use it in whatever your temp needs are . I think the only thing it would n't work on would be your kid 's body temp , but other than that , I would use it for anything !
 I do n't know what this product is really meant for anymore . I used it almost everyday on everything.It does work best if used close to the object . I use it while grilling etc etc. love it .
 This was bought for general household use , not commercial.Saw a friend had one , so had to get one for us . At first , the others in the house laughed at me , but then one by one eveyone started using it , from baking , cooking , to temperatures outdoors . Now one of our beloved tools!The FLUKE is high quality . I passed up the cheaper ones for the Fluke due to past positive experience with Fluke products . So far no remorse over spending a little more , well worth it
 sweet sweet !!! Fluke 62 mini the best infrared thermometer in the market pound by pound .100 % keepRegardsJuan Antonio
 I have used the 62 meter for quite some time . Keep in mind , the best time is when you can get right on the object . The farther away you are the less accurate . One more thing , the more glossy the surface , the less accurate . I lost mine somewhere on the job , needed a replacement found this to be the best price out there . Comes with a small belt case , packaged well for mail . You should , as I , be very happy with this ... after all FLUKE is the best .
 This instrument works great , I can find hot spots in my ceiling where the insulation is thin or none there .
 I use this to keep track of the temperatures in my tortoise enclosure . Tortoises need a wide range of temperatures in the living space in order to regulate their temp . This allows me to easily make sure everything is just how it 's supposed to be .
 The wonderful book Cooking for Geeks recommends getting an IR thermometer for culinary purposes . Just now my wife and I had pancakes and sausage for brunch , and every one of them was perfectly cooked because we used this IR thermometer to adjust the skillet temperature.Being a geek , I had great fun checking surface temperatures all over the house . As far as I can tell , it 's quite accurate -- back interior wall of fridge was very close to what liquid-in-glass fridge thermometer says , interior surfaces of oven very close to what oven thermometer says , outside wall of home in early morning was close to thermometer reading , etc. .
 I bought this foru son-in-law who 's using it to check the temp as he grills outside I saw some cooks use it on the Food Channel . This tool is easy to use and quite handy
 PRoduct does what is advertised . I have been using it for about a month . To get an accurate reading you do have to be within about a foot of the object , the farther back you are the less accurate the reading . It beats using thermometers and having to wait several mintues for a reading .
 Looks like a good product & I 've used Fluke instruments at the laboratories where I work . But an important note is the measurement range is approximately -32 F to +500 F , which is comparable to the other devices . The Fluke tech support substantiated those numbers ... just so you know .
 I was very pleased with this product , it is small with a large dipsplay and has a lazer to aid in aiming along with a backlit display.It works great for a infared Thermometer , compact and lots of fun checkingout temps of things . It comes with a soft case also.I am very pleased and worth the extra money .
 Ordered this item to do some home projects , and found so many things to use it for . Believe it or not , I use it in the kitchen for example , to check soup tempertures , calibrate the oven , and other cooking needs.Works as advertised , better than I hoped . Extremely accurate , very fast , super easy to use.I really did n't imagine how many things I would use it for , but it is a must have now !
 At an affordable price , this Fluke ir thermometer does everything we need it to do including accurate water temperature readings coming into and out of our cooling tower . We check motor bearing temps , breaker temps in overloaded electrical panels and even air temps in our rented spaces . It 's compact and easy to operate .
 The Fluke 62 mini infrared thermometer is easy to use & accurate to within its claimed tolerance of 1F -LRB- I checked it with an industrial probe thermometer with an accuracy of 0.2 F -RRB- . I 'd highly recommend it .
 Quick and easy to use . Highly accurate . It is important to keep the distance to your measurement the same for best accuracy .
 This is a great little tool . I 've used it to find the optimum settings on pellet stoves and kerosene heaters , check chimney temperatures , and also to track down cold spots in the house . It has also used with decent results for brewing beer :-RRB- . The temperature accuracy seems to be around + / - ~ 2F when compared with mercury thermometers . It 's big enough that it is hard to loose . The 9V battery is a good idea because it 's a common size , and lasts a long time . The case is rugged enough , but it would be better if it were waterproof . The laser pointer is a great feature , but it 's not always needed so it would be nice to be able to turn it off .
 This simple product is a great point and shoot thermometer . No computer geeky stuff . No color changing . Just here 's the temperature and here 's the max over the time you held the button down . Accurate to the tenth degree relatively . I mean , go back to the same ten spots and it will read the same temperature over and over again to the tenth . Even a very simple minded person can figure it out in seconds.Nothing like it for instant checks of accurate temperature at a distance.By the way , it found the leak .
 Great thermometer , and I found I use it much more than I thought I would -LRB- or maybe really need to . -RRB- Fast , and easy to read .
 I have tested it with boiling water and in an ice bath . Reads 212 and 32 . It is very accurate .
 Small and reliable handheld tool for troubleshooting and getting rough temperatures . Need to take the battery out between uses or it will drain .
 After inserting the included 9 volt ever ready battery , it worked as simple as squeezing the trigger . Auto shut off after a few minutes . You can change from C to F reading by flipping the switching in the battery compartment . I tried multiple locations and various distance around my home and inside my PC case , and was getting consistent readings .
 Just what I was looking for in order to quickly measure tire temperatures at the track - thanks ! Quick arrival , too .
 Very accurate , easy to use can find hot spot on machinery let you know if something wore out , a friend used it to check his green house and was very impressed , can check refrigerator , freezer for efficentcy I glad I got it and so are my friends .
 It is a Fluke !! what else do I need to say about it?it reads in C and F , and a MAX.come with a energize 9 volt battery , quality !
 The thermometer is easy to use . I found the temperature measurements to be accurate . The quality of the thermometer is not notch .
 seems to be working fine . It does fulfill the mission . It does give believable readings of various targets . For the cost , it seems a good buy .
 I had purchased an inexpensive IR thermometer before I got this one , and was very unhappy with it , as it was inaccurate and inconsistent . I decided to get the best so I got the Fluke 62 Mini a month ago from Amazon . I am very pleased with the performance of this product . I have compared it with thermometers and aimed it next to them , and the readings are accurate and very consistent between the same repeated uses . It feels well made and comes with the 9-volt battery needed for operation , and a carrying case with a belt loop . I would recommend this item to anyone that wants a good IR thermometer and a relatively inexpensive price for what you get .
 This tool is great . Handy for lots of uses . Even taking child 's temperature -LRB- not the intended use -RRB- . Accurate ... easy to use ... durable ... battery lasts a long time ... even can be used as cat toy ! -LRB- Cat loves to follow laser light dot -RRB- I use it to monitor my wood stove and check for cool spots in house in winter -LRB- holes in insulation or places where outside air is entering house -RRB- . Very satisfied with this tool . Even handy in the kitchen for lots of things including to see if oven temp is correct .
 This is a fun and accurate tool in temperature measurement.It is particularly easy to use to measure food temperatures and the quality is excellent .
 It works as advertised . I have always trusted Fluke products . No reason not to !
 I 'm using this tool to find places in my building that are allowing cold air to come in . It works really well . I liked it so much I bought a second one .
 Very satisfied with this product . Good performance , good name -LRB- Fluke -RRB- , easy to use , and appears to be accurate over a wide range of tempertures . Good to monitor temperatures while cooking -LRB- oven & stove -RRB- , hobbies -LRB- making wine -RRB- , and to verify outside temperatures with items using remote divices to monitor outside temperatures .
 This is one of the coolest tools I 've ever purchased . I use it in my solar thermal research . I Took it on a river trip through the Grand Canyon . Water ranging from 46 ' -62 ' . Rock from 72 ' -123 ' . The darker the hotter . The sand was 57 ' in the morning and 155 ' in the afternoon . The pontoons on the boat were 50 ' -137 ' . I even had a solar shower that would get up to about 101 ' . I only had one problem , it would not give the correct reading on Aluminum . ??? I Would recomend this to anyone , a very useful tool .
 I use my Fluke 62 almost exclusively in the kitchen to keep an eye on oven and stove temperatures . The gun reads quickly and accurately , and the display is well-lit . Be warned
 One of the best tools in my shed.Very accurate readings , easy to handle and versitile . Resolving problems such as wheelbrake condition , cold drafts in buildings , ac performance , engine cooling problems , bearing condition etc becomes extremely simple by using temperature as a startingpoint.I just whish I had bought it sooner . / Henrik
 I used this to find leaky window and doors . I can add door cozies and put up plastic coverings on windows . It probably already paid for itself in saved heating costs . I also used it in my crawlspace to find leaky ducts.But my favorite thing is to measure how hot my coffee is , or my daughter 's bath water . I can even measure how cold my wife 's feet are , before she gets in bed ! I maxed it out over Christmas at 999 F by measuring the hot coals in our fireplace . Readings are instantaneous . The range is about 20 feet .
 Good quality product . Timely delivery . Due to my error , the product was not appropriate for my application . Supplier accepted return and provided a refund .
 This light is so amazing , it totally brightened up my entire closet ! While I probably could have gotten away with the two bulb , the four bulb makes it possible for me to see everything in my closet and not guess at all as to what color anything is , plus it looks great ! I am a total fan of the look of the cloud , I have had cheap fluroescent bulb fixtures before , this is nothing like those , it was very easy to install and looks great , what more is there ? Nothing !
 Perfect for a dummy knob and way cheaper here then in Lowes ! Good quality , exactly what I needed for doors ,
 This product has great quality , the metal shine and finish color are awesome . The shape of the knob is also very ergonomic . Nice product at a low price !
 Like other reviewers have stated
 Purchased a new delta stainless steel faucet to replace a broken Mowen Satin nickel that the builder had installed . The builder had put in an air gap with a chrome cap , always annoyed me to have that chrome stair at me on the stainless sink next to a satin nickel and black faucet . So when I purchased my new faucet decided to try this out . I purchased this with the hope that air gaps were made pretty standard and could just take take off the cosmetic chrome air gap cover , leaving the functional plastic air gap in place and just put this new stainless steel air gap over the in tact plastic air gap that was installed by the builder . I was happy to find that it fits great actually fits better than the chrome one . A lot of reviews complain about the quality of the plastic functional portion of this air gap . I ca n't speak to that as I said I left that portion untouched and its still in the box . I purchased this for the cosmetic cover , met my needs perfectly . Wrote this review to give hope to others that are in the situation I was in having a chrome cap that looks awfully out of place . With your stainless steel faucet and/or sink . I paid $ 19.42 and it was worth every penny .
 When I moved to California I had never heard of an air gap before . We recently remodeled our kitchen and unfortunately the contractors said it was a necessary evil out here . All of the ones I found at the home improvement store looked chrome and did n't match at all with our stainless steel sink and faucet -LRB- Delta Ashton 19922-SSSD-DST Single Handle Pull-Down Kitchen Faucet with Soap Dispenser , Stainless -RRB- . This one matches the faucet perfectly , and while I still hate that I have to have one at least it blends in with everything else . Some reviewers have complained about it being cheaply made , but it seems pretty well constructed to me . I 'm just glad it does n't stand out like the old chrome one did , so if you have stainless steel in your kitchen and have to have one of these suckers , then I definitely recommend this one .
 I purchased this Air Gap to match the delta faucet that I had bought to replace my existing faucet . It matches the finish exactly as I had expected and was priced comparably to what was being sold at the hardware store .
 Unlike the other reviewer , we found this item to be of good quality . It looks great with the Delta Touch2O faucet .
 Great choice . It matches my faucet perfectly . We purchased the Delta touch faucet and needed this accessory to complete the look . This color was called a different color than the faucet but I took a chance they would be a close match . Well it turned out perfect ! We love it . Matches perfect with the faucet .
 The air gap replacement was n't exactly the same as the old one , but we managed to get it on and it looks like it belongs .
 This matches my Delta faucet , found in my other reviews , perfectly . As in other reviews , it is the only thing on the deck that has a white ring showing on the bottom . I can live with it , but is it really that hard to design an air gap that covers the plastic , or the plastic could be black ? spray paint or a sharpee should help if you ca n't stand it ...
 The finish on the stainless air gap matches our Delta faucet perfectly . I only wish we could have just purchased the top piece only since that is all we really needed .
 I only needed the air gap cover , and it matched the rest of my bronze kitchen perfectly . I do n't know how it could function any better .
 The air gap cap itself is amazing ! As mentioned by a previous poster , the stainless steal cap matches Delta 's stainless steel products exactly . I installed this gap with a Delta 19922-SSSD-DST Ashton Pullout faucet and it looks great . The cap itself is sold stainless steal and will most likely last for years.My only negative about this purchase is the same as everyone else . I had read the reviews before purchasing and thought to myself the plastic can not be that bad ... I can not stress to you enough how bad the quality is of the actual plastic air gap piece . I had tightened everything down by hand only , then when moving the flex drain tube to attach to the garbage disposal ... POP !! there went the threads on the air gap . So I ran over to OSH and picked up a better one for $ 5.99 and just put the stainless steal cap on that instead.IMO , the cap itself is worth the 15 bucks . I would n't even try to install the included air gap
 this comes with the white pipe piece also but we just took the top off and replaced our old one .
 What 's to say about this product ? Before we bought this product , we had installed a new faucet in our kitchen . The new faucet was a Delta stainless steel model but not purchased through Amazon . Our previous faucet was white , including a white air-gap . When we put in the new stainless-steel faucet , the existing white air gap did n't fit with the stainless-steel faucet . So , we ordered a matching stainless-steel air-gap . We ordered via Amazon.The stainless-steel air-gap came rapidly . It was easy to install and it works fine . It matches the faucet exactly . All I can say is that this purchase worked very well . We now have a matching stainless-steel air-gap instead of a white air-gap . I 'd definitely order again should the need arise .
 Recently changed out my kitchen faucet , and needed to update the air gap to match the new stainless . Thought I was just going to replace the cover , but ended up having to replace the whole assembly . No big deal . Looks great !
 Received the item early and matched my faucet . Deliveried as advertised installed it right away perfect fit completed in 15 minutes
 Easy transaction . Actually I just wanted the Venetian Bronze Delta Air Gap cover ... item included the air gap assembly as well .
 We bought this to go along with our new Delta H2O touch faucet . This is really a good quality air gap . Good solid construction of the actual cap for sure . Much better than the cheap plastic ones you find in the stores .
 Good quality . Good reach and grip at of angles . Purchased for torquing spokes on motorcycle wheels . Not liking the minimum word requirement for reviews ...
 I 've yet to be unhappy with a GearWrench tool . I think they offer a great product at a good price . It took many years to `` settle '' for less than Snap On and Mac tools , but products like this remind me of how silly it is to be brainwashed into thinking the big boys are the only quality offerings . These are great for working on my car , around the engine . Every time I use them I feel like I 'm spoiled . Even the `` rack '' is good quality and works great .
 I ordered these GearWrench hex sockets after the set I bought from Craftsman broke . As with all GearWrench products , they are a work of art . I bought both the metric as well as the SAE ones . Very high quality .
 I am happy with this replacement nozzle . Others I &#34; wasted &#34; money on , had low pressure making it a very ineffective sprayer . This has great pressure & performs well .
 The stainless sprayer was a perfect match , but the clip on the hose for the under sink connection was less than perfect with a very slow leak . Fortunately , I was able to use the old hose from the original sprayer and the new sprayer to get a perfect , leak free assembly . I needed the sprayer and not the hose so I 'm giving this purchase a five star rating , but I 'd give the included hose a one or two star rating due to the unacceptable leak.For my needs I 'm 100 % satisfied with this item . If you ca n't use your old hose , buy with caution and remember that your under sink connection may not have the issue I had .
 I did not use the hose so I ca n't rate that . The quality of the spray head looks good , and the sprayer works good and does not leak . The previous original equipment sprayer that it replaced had started leaking . I did n't use the hose because the original hose was still ok . I will use the new hose if I need to .
 This was a good replacement to the Delta faucet that we have . I had to remove part of the fixtures that comes with this to get a good fit and seal on the old copper tubing .
 Got a notion to build some shelves around the desk that I use for my computer . Did n't feel like going to the lumber yard for 3 boards , finally received these , cut them to my plans , painted them and the desk a hi-gloss black , assembled everything , and am extremely delighted with the outcome . I would upload a picture , but it would then show how junkie my house is . Sorry .
 I have these lights for my room in college and they are awesome . It gives the room a mellow feel with the amber lights . All the lights work and it comes with a few extra bulbs in case .
 Good safety glasses . Happy with my purchase . They will serve me well in my Diesel class . Seem well built for the money.My only complaint , more like a whine , is these things dropped from the original price 17.94 to 12.97 . . THE DAY RIGHT AFTER I BOUGHT THEM.That 5 dollar difference in my opinion puts them at where they really should be price wise/value . So buy with confidence . I also added some images , which I hope helps you other buyers decide .
 This pair of eyewear is good for anyone needing UV protection on the jobsite . They provide good protection , and are comfortable to wear . They cover the eyes completely , and the nose pads are adjustable to fit your specific face shape for the most comfort and protection .
 I really just started to use these glasses , for the purpose of blocking out the blue light on TV and computer
 These work just fine . Adequate construction and the mechanism functions properly . Not big enough to pinch off large hoses but work fine on 1 '' heater hose . Just what I needed .
 Installed this faucet / sprayer combo in my kitchen a few years back . Still works great ! Guests love it . I usually have to show them how to turn it on ... which is fun ! Very sturdy construction and chrome is SO shiny . Hand sprayer is heavier , but completes the overall look of this show piece . No regrets .
 I 've had this faucet for six years now , and I generally love it . The sprayer is too heavy and hard to use -LRB- I did n't want a plastic one , but now regret that choice ! -RRB- . Many guests are confused by how to turn it on . But other than that , it has great functionality . The sprayer does work well once you get the hang of it . And I think it looks really great . It 's very big and tall , making it easy to wash big pots , and it swivels effortlessly when you want it out of the way .
 I had been looking for a shower head with lots of force . This one feels like a massage . It makes the shower feel so good . I would recommend it to everyone . The five settings makes this one a plus . I have one in my guest bathroom and all my guests love it as well . Great product .
 This is the best shower head for the money I have found on the market .
 After my neighbor was broken into last week , I decided to beef up my own security . I had always liked these when sleeping in a hotel on vacation so I immediately bought one for each door . My dad came to help me install them with an electric drill and screwdriver to speed up installation time , which took about an hour total . I would purchase these again .
 We bought this so our 3 year old would not get out the front door without us knowing . Works like a champ !!
 Installation took longer than I expected because the part that goes on the door was not flush with the part that mounts on the frame . I had some trouble with leveling the two so they would line-up after installation -- in spite having marked the location for drilling the holes for the screws.Even a millimeter or two off will cause problems with the two sections not lining up correctly . So mark carefully before drilling the holes . I wish they had included a template to paste on the door/frame to make marking and drilling the holes easier.However , once installed , this latch works very well and looks quite sturdy .
 I am very happy with the brass security door guard . It is well made an does a good job . I feel very safe with this on my front door
 I just finished installing this in an apartment that has a thick metal door . The door frame is slightly higher than the door itself but it had no negative bearing on the installation . I know some reviewers mentioned this will not work if not installed on a flat surface but I had no issue since the difference in height was approximately 3/16 inch.The guard is very solid , looks nice in brass finish and the included screws appear strong enough to withstand everyday use . The problem I had with the instructions is that it states the two pieces must be 13/16 inch away for a proper fit . However , when I finished and tried to open the door , the metal ball would lodge itself with the latch too early resulting in the door only opening like 2-3 inches . As a result , I had to redo the installation but only from the metal ball side not the frame latch side.After a little trial and error I discovered that the proper distance between the two pieces was 3/8 inches NOT 13/16 as the instructions erroneously stated . Once properly installed this set is solid and will provide an extra layer of security.Now I have to patch the extra holes in the door so I dropped one star for the extra work and aggravation of redoing the install .
 Agree with other reviewers
 If you install this security guard properly , you will never have to argue with your spouse again about those ridiculous door-knob cages that make actually opening the door impossible . We have installed one of these guards on the front door , back door , and on an interior door where tools are kept in the house . Until our toddler learns to climb , these gadgets are a god-send for keeping him contained and from having him walk out into the street.One of the guards we got seemed to come apart too easily and this was frustrating because some components of it are riveted , but in retrospect we think it broke because we installed it a bit unevenly.This is the best thing we 've found for keeping doors shut and our toddler indoors and out of trouble .
 I installed this very easily , and it works very well . The price is affordable , but my biggest complaint is that the screws were TERRIBLE ! I nearly stripped about half the screws until I decided to go to the hardware store and pick up some better quality screws . Be careful installing this with the cheap screws , you may end up with stripped screws in your door .
 I use these on our exterior doors for the safety of small children and my dogs . The oil rubbed bronze looks great with my other door hardware . Strong , easy to install and the added safety factor is a plus .
 Once installed , this lock proves to be very strong , and superior to your standard chain lock , both in strength and over all ease of use . The lock , and the screws that come with it are both made of brass , which is a soft metal , so you will need to take care in the installation of this lock in order to prevent stripping the screws . The use of a brass screw driver is suggested .
 Excellent sink grid . Fits snugly . Metal shines but seems to be coated . The rubber ` bumpers ' are placed well . Keeps the bottom of the sink clean and prevents dents in a stainless steel sink . Glad I bought it .
 Promptly derlvered what was promised at a good price . This was not my first purchase .
 I knew what I was looking for , found it and when it was delivered it was exactly what I wanted . Came quickly and was in perfect condition .
 The sink grate arrived in a timely manner . Unfortunately , 2 of the 4 plastic feet were damaged in shipping . Customer service took care of the problem & 4 new plastic feet arrived shortly . Great follow through . I will shop here again .
 I initially balked at the idea of having to spend this much for a little sink grid , but I am so glad I did . It provides a great platform for the pots and dishes that inevitably land in the sink without my having to worry about any scratching . It 's simple to rinse under as well . Fits beautifully and I hope it will remain strong and looking as good as the sink for a long time to come .
 I purchased one of these grids several years ago to go with my Blanco stainless sink . The construction is high quality and it is evident that appropriate stainless steel was used in its construction . No discoloring has ever been noticed and the grid is washed in the dishwasher several times a week . The sink used in my daughter 's new kitchen was not a Blanco sink but had nearly the same dimensions as my Blanco sink so one of these grids was purchased for her and it has worked perfectly for her . This type of grid is very handy for cleaning vegetables and fruit -- just make sure the grid is clean and use the grid as a colander . The food does not touch he bottom of the sink .
 My wife loves this , it appears well built and should last a while . I thought a little pricey but it is very sturdy and of good construction .
 I am pleased with every aspect of this product - excellent quality throughout . Assuming it will withstand the test of time and use well . Recommend .
 What a difference this terrific stainless steel sink strainer makes . It preserves and protects my stainless steel sink and is attractive and useful as well . What more could any sink want ?!
 We put in a Blanco ` Wave ' sink - the large deep bowl with the backside curve and a smaller rectangular bowl to the right - about 8 years ago now . We got the grids that fitted it at that time , and pretty much left them in the sink all the time . The old grids had slightly beefier rod stock but was more of one direction with a central support -LRB- like an oven shelf -RRB- vs. a full `` grid '' of intersecting X and Y wires , and the wire was coated with a fairly thick clear vinyl or something layer to help reduce corrosion.As you can imagine , over time the grid gets nicked -LRB- knives and such in the sink -RRB- , maybe the plastic gets melted a little -LRB- hot pan dropped accidentally in vs. cooled under running water first -RRB- , etc. . Once a little water gets between the clear coating and the metal , it starts to get icky looking , slowly . We 'd try to clean it but there 's only so much you can do.So for wife 's birthday I finally upgraded this year and bought the new -992 and -991 grids . The wire seems a little smaller diameter but with a full X/Y grid it should be just as strong . There are feet below that are now removable -LRB- vs. the old vinyl end caps -RRB- and should be cleanable much easier , although I wish they had a tiny drain hole in the bottom so they do n't hold water . There 's also perimeter guard pieces around the edge to avoid scratching your sink . Its mostly these latter that make me think the new grid is not ` coated ' but just polished stainless . Time will tell if it begins to show any rusting or corrosion at the corners , but overall I think I prefer uncoated for the ability to clean vs. the original ones . These also fit our sink perfectly despite its age -LRB- I confirmed on Blanco 's website before buying that the newer version of the Platinum Wave sink they 're intended for has the same dimensions as ours - probably no significant changes to them over the years -RRB- . Other reviews have said the new grids seem more ` industrial ' ... I just think they look more like a cookie cooling rack than an oven shelf ... neither more or less industrial . But I do think the difference in manufacture should prove itself better able to maintain cleanliness over time . -LRB- Note I 'll be making about the same review for the -991 , since really they 're the same ` product ' just for different size sink bowls -RRB- .1 star takeaway is because the feet should really have drainage holes or notch in the bottom , and the edge guards seem a little flimsy , and can rotate around on the wiring into the wrong position , but neither is a major issue .
 This product fits much better than the older one . It is holding up great with teenage boys.The old style had a plastic film on it and if anything went in the sink the least bit warm it would start to turn black . Glad I threw the old one away and bought this item .
 Review title says it all . I recommend this for anyone who installs a compatible kitchen sink . I would purchase it again .
 Nice lamp . After installing , I read the directions which say &#34; use silicone caulk if used outdoors &#34; . Now , how many of these get used indoors ? Why does n't the manufacturer pre-caulk the darned thing in the critical places ? I bought this because the similar but different previous one died from rust due to water incursion over many years . But ** where ** should it be caulked ?
 This is the answer for people like me who love quiet summer days without the stench of carbon-producing gasoline in the air , drowning out the smell of the roses . Works perfectly , and gives me a light workout as well ! : - -RRB-
 Love not having to buy gas . Love not having to worry about waking the neighbors , but what a serious workout ! I found it necessary to mow twice a week to keep the grass VERY short all the time . If I waited till the weekend , it was much more work and often had to run the mower over the same spot of grass twice or more to cut evenly . If I mowed twice a week , it was much easier to push and took far less time . I suggest you wear garden gloves while pushing the mower , it is really pretty hard work and easy to develop blisters on your hands from repeated pressure . The mower is well built , reliable and provides a SERIOUS UPPER BODY WORKOUT!I found the grass catcher -LRB- purchased with the mower -RRB- did not work well at all . I suggest you save your $ 20.00 on that part .
 good quality product . good for small plots of grass . good for low growing grasses . can be adjusted from about a half inch to two inch .
 Works great . Seems to be well built . I am a fan and would recommend . Currently using it on fescue , hope to convert to zoysia one day .
 Cuts well . But I was disappointed that the handles are not even -LRB- one is bent upward -RRB- . Heck , for a hundred bucks though you get a workout that makes your lawn look pretty good .
 I purchased this mower from a local retailer to cut my bermuda grass lawn . I do n't want to have to break out the big mower anytime the grass needed mowing , and my neighbors like to play in the pools and have barbecues a lot , so I needed something quieter that I could use even in the early hours of the morning.I think this mower is a little more difficult to push than a regular gas or electric mower , but not much . The main problems with a mower like this are :1 . It does n't work well when the grass has grown tall . You 'll need to mow more often . In return , you 'll have a nice , green lawn .2 . Sometimes you have to go over the same patch of grass twice to get it all . I think this is pretty standard for manual reel mowers , but nevertheless this is why I 'm giving it only 4 stars out of 5.3 . It does n't get the edges very well . You 'll need a weed trimmer more than you would have otherwise . But I use one even with my regular mower , so it does n't matter to me.Contrary to what some sources say , manual reel mowers are fine for dense grasses like bermuda , provided you get the right type . The 7-bladed reel mowers like this one are designed for bermuda and other `` bent '' grasses .
 I have a fairly small lawn -LRB- about 6000sq ft -RRB- of bermuda grass . I used the default factory setting and it wasnt cutting much . I adjusted the height to the lowest possible and my lawn looks a lot better now . Like the previous reviewer said you will need an edger/trimmer .
 I was a little skeptical since a couple of people had a bad experience with a reel mower with their lawns where I live -LRB- Texas -RRB- , but I am just guessing they did n't have the correct mower for their style . This mower works wonders for my small yard with creeping bermuda grass . It is very sharp and cuts very well , we 'll have to see how it holds up over the years , but I have already used it 4 times without a hitch . The yard comes out looking superior to a regular lawn mower that tears instead of cuts , plus I actually think its a lot of fun cutting with a reel mower , since it feels like you 're really accomplishing something as the grass goes flying when you run over it.All in all , I would highly recommend this mower to anyone that has a smallish yard , and has bermuda style grass .
 I bought this mower because we moved to a townhouse with a small yard AND because it is a much greener alternative to gasoline mowers . This mower works exactly as advertised , and exactly as I remember them working when I was a kid . Thick grass -LRB- like big crab grass clumps -RRB- will stop it dead if you do n't put some speed behind your push , and it wo n't cut anything taller than six inches . If you are used to lining up your wheel marks for your next pass , that is different too , because the wheels are outside of your cutting path . These are , in my opinion , fair trade-offs for being able to cut my grass in near silence whenever I want with ZERO emissions and no noise pollution .
 This is a great mower for what it is . It will jam occationally with sticks , but it easily clears . I use it for areas that are too small for my tractor and too big for my string trimmer . I also like the added bonus that I get a small workout when I use it . I highly recoment this mower if you have a small lawn and want to go green and save money or if you have areas that are challenging for a tractor .
 It was a little tricky lowering the cut height , but once I got going the Rebel Weeds down here did n't stand a chance . I used the cross mow method similar to golf course management which requires mowing over the same patch of grass from two different directions . Pebbles and small twigs might as well been boulders and tree trunks though because the precise cutting blades jerked to a halt on each one . -LRB- I 'm sure the neighbors riding around in their Dixie Cutters were amused at the Idiot Yankee . -RRB- A thorough raking before your first use is highly recommended especially those of us living in rural wooded settings . Overall , a blast to use .
 I have a small lawn of bermuda in Dallas , TX , and I have always wanted a reel mower -LRB- despite all the haters out there telling me they 're awful -RRB- . After doing a lot of research , I chose this one , which is specifically intended for low-growing grasses and has a nice price tag . What a great mower ! Assembly took me a while but should be no problem for someone with real tools , instead of a hot pink toy tool set -LRB- yeah , I really need to get real tools -RRB- . My lawn was in terrible condition with the grass grown too high and sticks and leaves everywhere . The only problem that caused was a bit more effort to get through the high patches of grass and stopping to get sticks out of the blades . Otherwise , it was a pleasant hour of mowing ! The mower is nice and quiet , with only a mild twick-twick noise as you walk . It is also easy to push , even for a smallish woman like me . All in all , a great purchase , and I 'd recommend it for anyone who is willing to put in a little effort to have a nice lawn .
 Great mower . Limited on the adjustments for height though . You can not make an on the fly adjustment you have to do it with a wrench . It 's all good though once you have it at the height you want -LRB- mine is on the lowest for Bermuda Tifway -RRB- it cuts supremely clean . The factory adjustment for blade thickness was perfect . Could not be more happy . Cut my lawn to the perfect chipping length and it looks like a putting green . If you are buying to make your own putting green just know without special grass like Tifdwarf grass you probably wont get there . Very , very happy though with this product .
 Easy to assemble , handles/grips stay on no prob when mowing . Adjusted cutting length out of box fine . Works , easy to use , happy with purchase .
 I was looking for a cheaper alternative to my DIY backyard putting green that I am growing bentgrass on . This one works well , cuts to low 1/2 inch and I am planning to modifies the wheels -LRB- sand it down another 1/4 inch -RRB- so I can cut it to 1/4 inch , which would be near perfect for putting greens without me having to buy one of those $ 1000 putting mowers .
 I install garage doors for a living , and this impact is ideal for this work . Lightweight , plenty of torque , small size gets in tight spaces . I run 5/16 x 11/2 lags all day , it works great . If you are n't carefull , it will snap them off !!!! Used to use a standard 1/2 impact , NO MORE , just ordered my second one today . Highly recommend this unit . Davethedoorman .
 Top Notch . I have a few grinders and the Makita 9566cv is by far the best of the set , they are all makita . From the variable speed , soft start , 6 '' blade capacity , to the power it delivers its one of those tools you know you can count on . I do different types of work from woodworking , metal to stone and it comes through in all of them . I specially favor the variable speed which makes the tool very versatile on different aspects of construction .
 Well worth the price . I found it very useful especially the variable speed . Will get lot 's of use with this out of this tool .
 This is the Perfect Grinder . The best variable speed grinder out there I 've seen . Why more grinders do n't have the variable speed feature is beyond me . It makes the tool more versatile and specialized
 Really like this tool , bought it to work on a mining equipment project . Cut the welded brackets off in short order . It 's light , quick and fast , get 's the job done . Even put a diamond wheel on it and cut rocks like butter .
 The ONLY real heavy duty 1/2 '' drill in this price range.Tried other name brands -LRB- red -RRB- broke first day reversing stuck drill bit in 3 '' steel.The Makita has great designed key to shaft chuck . Others -LRB- red -RRB- are held by small bolt , breaks and chuck untreads from shaft whenloaded in reverse.I researched design online before I bough , and the Makita DS4000 was the drill I needed .
 I have been using this drill to mix thinset mortar for the past 4 months . I have no complaints . I burned out my 6 year old Dewalt drill one morning and this drill was the only thing available for immediate use . I 'm glad it was . I had initial sticker shock when i heard the price , but this drill is far superior to my last.A metal housing ? are you serious ? i thought they stopped making tools this well . The 12 '' grab bar is a nice feature because this drill packs a tremendous amount of torque . It makes mixing a thick bucket of cement easier.This is an excellent tool for the professional who needs this kind of power day in and day out . I would say it is a little it overkill for the DIY crowd or a once in a while user.i reserve the last star for durability . So far so good .
 I was searching for a replacement for my 25 year old all metal 1/2 inch drill -LRB- old one was stolen -RRB- when I saw the all metal makita on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I have several Makita tools and I am very pleased with there quality . This drill is no exception . It has performed very well for me and I would recommed it to anyone .
 This is by far the best 1/2 '' drill on the market . It is quiet , smooth , powerful , and sounds like a sewing machine when it runs . The chuck will not unscrew because it is directly engaged through a type of spline . The chuck does not thread onto a shaft . It is attached as though it had 100 horsepower behind it .
 This will be the sixth drill we have bought in the last ten years and I have not the slightest doubt that it will be the best , the strongest and the most long lasting , it is simply awesome in build quality and power . Why we do n't have it available here in the UK I do not know , a major oversight on Makita UK 's part I 'd say . We paid about 130 for the drill and about the same to get it over here what with carriage and the import tariff but if we could have got it this side of the Atlantic I suspect we 'd be paying that kind of total sum anyway so I am not fussed . I would recommend this drill to anyone who needs to buy a drill for big diameter or long length auger work , simply the best we 've ever had !
 Powerful and Robust . No bogging this drill down . Performs just as expected from a Makita product and at an awesome Amazon price .
 so far these drill have performed just as well as the more expensive versions from other brand names and the impact drill i even like better than others i 've tried . the compact driver , though it does n't have a hammerdrill feature , is a great drill for most other non-framing uses . also , the bag that comes with them has turned into a handy bag to have around job sites to carry other tools that do n't fit or need to be in your belt . the new blucore batteries have similar performance and battery life as the new lithium ion batteries , but they 're slightly heavier . however , they do charge very quickly -LRB- just over 1 hour -RRB- which avoids any stand stills when you 're using both drills.all in all great product .
 I have one acre lot with 3 dozen oak trees , that needed some serious trimming on the lower branches . The thought of spending 10 's of thousands of dollars for crew and equipment to come in and do the job was not an option I wanted to take . I have a 24 ' ladder that I could reach most branches , but I could n't figure out a safe and easy way to cut them . I needed to at least hold the ladder with one hand and cut with the other . A hand saw would take forever , and my regular chainsaw needs to be gripped with two hands . But thanks to this little saw I was able to trim them myself with one hand . Although , I do n't recommend this to novice DIY'er . I also got an extra battery and with the fast charging , I was able to switch right away to a freshly charged one . I 'm still using the original chain , which is amazing considering all the oak trees I trimmed . It does n't have a chain oil reservoir built in , chain must be oiled directly with the bottle that comes in the case . But considering the weight and compacted body , its still worth the trade off . Just remember to oil the chain at least once , per battery charge . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is one excellent piece of work . It is very high dollar but I bit the bullet because of some wrist and hand problems I started to have . SInce this is my livlehood and I have a family to support , I could not afford to come down with any career threatening injuries , ones that I could realistically avoid anyway . I have the yelow handle , ax style version and I love it . This company needs to make a smaller version for remolding but I 'm in to them now with this one and wo n't be buying anymore hammers EVER . The price is the one reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars but if you can `` swing it '' , this hammer is worth the money .
 I realize most people would n't buy this hammer because of it 's cost . I got mine as a gift . After using it for the last few months , I would buy one in a heartbeat . I have read a few people talk about the hammer being as expensive as a nailgun and that is true . Everyone has their priorities though . Mine happens to be staying healthy and this hammer will help . I would like my body to age well : - -RRB- I can justify this hammer a million ways . Here is what I love about the hammer for those who are reading this review to find out about the hammer and not my justifications .1 -RRB- It 's light . I do n't have extra weight in my nail bags . I was amazed at how much lighter my bags felt . I used a 24oz Dalluge axe handled hammer that I loved . I do n't get tired hand nailing . My wrist never hurts and neither does my elbow .2 -RRB- The grip is very comfortable . I had ordered the axe handled version but got the straight handle by accident . I 'm glad I got it . I love this handle better .3 -RRB- Length of the hammer . I like a hammer that is `` taller '' . I 've heard that Stilleto is coming out with a `` shorter '' version , but I like the length of this hammer4 -RRB- You can replace the face . You can replace the face when it gets worn or you can put a smooth face on it .5 -RRB- Wo n't break any handles.I love this hammer . You will NOT regret buying this hammer.By the way , I can still sink a 16d in one strike , so do n't let anyone tell you a light hammer is for girls or that it ca n't drive as well as a heavier hammer . I would last longer against a guy with a heavy hammer and still sink 'em in one .
 I 've been a pro carpenter for more than 20 years . I have had scads of hammers over those years from estwing -LRB- ouch my elbow -RRB- to 32 oz . vaugns to all sorts of other designs . Since i have gotten the tibone , there will never be another hammer for me . I am ordering another one today for some one on my crew and that will make three in our company . Others will get them too I am sure .
 If you make your living framing this is the hammer to have . I like the all metal frame becuase you can pull nails and pry stuff apart without breaking the handle . I had a Stilleto wood handle but if you pull nails or pry very much the wood handle will eventually break . I know it costs a lot but I think it is worth it .
 This is by far the best hammer on the market and it is so easy to swing it . I can swing and use it all day and my arm never gets tired . I have many other hammers i could use at work but i always make sure that this one is in my toolbelt and the only one i reach for now i highly recomend it .
 I DO ENJOY THIS HAMMER , FOR THE PRICE ... A LITTLE PRICEY FOR SURE.I WOULD NOT GET THE RIPPLE HANDEL I TAPE MINE BECAUSE I GOT ALL RED IN THE HAND.THE RUBBER IS ANTI SLIP SO A SMOOTHS ONE IS OK . I GOT THIS OVER 2 YEARS AGO .
 Love this hammer , nice and light and still has the power to do the job . I like the style and the convenience of the hammer . Go buy and enjoy
 After owning this hammer since 2002 , i 'm still pounding nails and ripping things apart with it . By far , this is the best and last framing hammer you will ever need to buy in your life . I have used this hammer roughly everyday since then . About 8 years straight in framing houses in southeast Michigan alone , using this hammer , and never once has this failed me . I went through several , and i mean several , other brands/styles of hammers before I came across this one . This is the undisputed king of all hammers ! No elbow fatigue for starters You can not break this thing ! Sure if your really unaware of reality and try pry something in a ridiculous situation , most likely you could find a way to bend or break it . But in the past 10 years I have been swinging this thing and the only problems occurred when I was not paying attention when the head came slightly loose from the body and in return I broke the bolt going into the steel head of the hammer . Resulting in me having to buy replacement head . This is like the only possible thing that can go wrong . Pay attention to keeping the head properly tightened and you will never have to worry about anything . P.S. - When i bought this back in 2002 I believe i paid like $ 220 something for it . It was worth every penny .
 I absolutely love this hammer . I do n't use it often for timber framing , but when I need to assist the framers , or something needs a good bashing , this hammer delivers . I would n't trade it for anything.Also very adept at smashing fingers , but that 's my own stupidity .
 I shuddered . Is it really worth it ... Oh yeah . Here in Norway we pound 4 '' , 5 '' and 6 '' nails regularly . My elbow and wrist were killing me and I woke up from the carpal tunnel . I sprang for the Stiletto and it 's worth it . The pain is gone and the nails slide home no problem . It swings easy and hits hard . It adds a bit of length to the tool belt though , get used to it after a while . Great tool .
 I frame homes for a living and I smile every time I slip this hammer into the loop on my bags . It does everything I want a framing hammer to do and it is virtually unbreakable . I can pull galvanized spikes out effortlessly unlike any hammer in the world and I never have to worry about breaking the handle.I experienced the loosening head problem some other reviewers complained about so I asked the manufacturer about it , they were gracious and helpful and sent me a new bolt and told me how to deal with this . Basically its `` Follow the instructions '' Clean the threads , apply threadlocker , insert bolt , tighten -LRB- I used a larger allen wrench with a piece of pipe on it for better grip -RRB- strike the hammer several times -LRB- Hard -RRB- on a solid block of wood , then tighten another quarter or half turn , this proceedure fixed my problem completely . After a pallet or more of sinkers it has not loosened up again.I have built at least a dozen decks in the last few months and drove a couple boxes of # 20 galvanized spikes and this hammer worked flawlessly.My 49 year old elbow and wrist thanked me for investing the money in this hammer . If this is not the best hammer ever made , then please enlighten me and tell me just what IS better?If you are a professional carpenter/framer , this hammer is not expensive , it is simply the top of the standard , if however , you are a wannabe , well then it might be a little bit too much technology for you .
 Forget the price . If you want the best hammer buy it now . My elbow was in bad shape I was framing one house 7am till 4pm than another 4pm till 7pm 7 days a week . I couldnt even raise my arm for a sip of beer . I bought the hammer a year ago and it has saved my elbow . I am ordering one for my younger co worker so he might not to ever feel the pain .
 This product was just what I needed , although it could have been a bit sturdier as the shower rod it 's holding up is substantial . Loved dealing with the company as I paid extra for faster shipping and I actually got what I paid for !
 We used this to support an L shaped rod we just installed after removing a glass bathtub enclosure . It arrived quickly - with the L shaped rod - and was well packaged . Dinged one star as was the rod because both arrived without instructions . Its not hard to figure out but again , some instructions , should be included . Was a bit too long but it was easily cut and installation was relatively quick . Worked for us , provided the extra bit of support that our shower rod required . If you are buying an L-shaped shower rod I highly recommend this - it provides the extra support to eliminate any sag that your rod may have .
 We used this in our second floor bathroom where there is an older tub that we added a shower to and needed an extra support for the circular shower curtain ring . This works great ... highly recommend this product .
 Experienced a shipping problem with UPS and vendor responded promptly sending another shipment . Happy with product and service which can be difficult working online sometimes .
 I received this order very quickly ! It is exactly as descirbed and was so easy to install . This company was so easy to deal with and shipped my order the same day I purchased it .
 The parts that show on top are stainless steel . The rest of the drain is plastic . Will it hold up ? I hope so.Update 8-17-2012 - Almost a year later and the plastic parts are holding up fine . It did install easy and did not leak at the connection . No doubt it will hold up for a decade or two .
 Received the product on time . Ease of instalation . The product is of exceptional material . Looks great with original Delta Faucet .
 - Easy installation - no tools required . Some putty used for seal . - Nice and sturdy Delta Flange looks nice with Delta Faucet . - Nice fit with Stainless steel sink .
 This strainer is excellent quality , heavy , and opens/closes without fully lifting it out of the drain . It seemed like a luxury purchase at the time , because we had never paid much for a strainer . Now that we know how much of a daily pleasure it is to use , we would buy it again without hesitation .
 Instead of looking for this at Home Depot , it was so easy to get this from Amazon and have it delivered to my door . It 's like pushing the `` Easy '' button .
 These valves are great , PROVIDING a few other conditions are also present . This is a `` Full-Flow '' Valve , meaning a lot more water passes through this valve than a standard valve . But it means little unless you also have a large diameter hose -LRB- 3/4 '' or larger -RRB- that can provide water at a higher rate , a hose bib -LRB- the faucet you hook the hose to -RRB- that is also over-sized , and water piping of at least 1 '' diameter . Without this other stuff , water flow is inhibited/reduced and the `` Full-Flow '' valve provides little or no benefit.A word of caution
 I used this for one gardening season and found it very effective . It is easy to operate . It is the only shut-off connector I could find that 1 -RRB- does n't contain lead ; and 2 -RRB- allows a full flow of water when it is in the flow position .
 I bought this as a present for a young child . He liked it but I do n't have any information on how it works . I looks exactly like the picture when purchased .
 Purchased this and the Delta 7210-SS drain as a match set . They are not a matched set . The metal colors are slightly different - not enough to worry about just a slight difference.But the finish is very different . On this one the grain -LRB- not sure if that is the correct term -RRB- runs in concentric rings . The grain looks like the piece was turned on a lathe -LRB- though I 'm sure it was not -RRB- . The other drain the grain runs across it in straight lines like it was sanded with a belt sander . It is a small thing but if they advertize it as a matched set it should be matched.No gaskets are included you just get the metal drain and the stopper ; nothing else is included .
 Not a lot you can say about this product , really . Its just two big magnets , right?This product has held together well and works exactly as intended . I 'll probably be buying more of them .
 I had a repair I was doing and had to do quickly . This was a necessary piece to help installand remove the sharkbite products . It is extremely easy to use and provides significant flexibility in making adjustments or changing your setup quickly .
 I recently had a new backup sump pump installed with new connections to the water lines . They used teh Sharkbite fittings , great fittings but demanded that I get a new tool to use them . You may get it cheeper locally , try our ACE hardware first .
 This product allows you to quickly and easily remove the PEX hose from a SharkBite fitting . It is simple , inexpensive , and works great . In engineering , we would call this an `` elegant '' solution . It would be nice if you could buy them as a set -LRB- 3/8 '' , 1/2 '' , 3/4 '' , 1 '' -RRB- and have them connected by a light cable , chain or string -- that way , you would always have the right size with you , rather than running back to the bench for the right one .
 I 've gone through a lot of different work gloves in the past and these gloves are the ones I 've found that can hold up to tough work yet still be comfortable .
 Best nails I have found to hold OSB on wall panels . No need too use 23/8 &#34; nails when 2 &#34; does the trick , and cheaper too . .
 Bought these because I needed a replacement for my crapsman hex bits . The thing I like the most about these drivers is that they do n't skip sizes and the wide selection of sizes that are included . After I received these I compared it to the few Matco bits I had , and they looked almost identical . I realize that Matco and Gearwrench are owned by the same company , but the price of these is about 1/4 of what Matco charges . Ca n't beat the price or quality
 Had been looking for these for some time.did not think they made them any longer.we have a solid core door between our kitchen & garagethat is very hard to make close behind you.have to pull it closed , which is hard to do sometime , if you have your hands full , so these work fine .
 It would be useful if the description listed the spring force for a typical 30 inch door . In any case , if your application is anything larger than a closet door , you will need to use one of these on every hinge of the same door .
 Easy to install . Nice looking and does it 's job keeping the door fromgapping open . Adjustable tension allows you to control howfast the door closes .
 I know it sounds weird to love a faucet , but I 'm a shut the water off while sudsing kind of showerer . All the other types of shower handles force you to suffer through cold or hot water before getting back to your comfortable water . This one , you set the temp , turn it off -LRB- not for too long as the hot water cools in the pipes -RRB- , turn it back on when done sudsing , it 's the same temp . The handle is only for how much pressure you want . It 's easy to turn off and the shower valve is easy to set and stop . Plus , it looks really clean and shiny .
 Nothing fancy about this basket - it 's a basket you can put on your pegboard . I 've put four paintball air tanks in mine - probably about 10 pounds - and it holds them just fine . Just use common sense and do n't load it too much .
 I bought my first Streamlight 23 years ago . I still have it and it works like a champ . I 've replaced batteries , bulbs , even the lens . The body is silver from being handled on a daily basis for all that time . Everyone I know that uses this light has pretty much the same story - I have never had to buy a second light for myself , cuz the first one has never broken !! I have bought a few for friends and recently one for my son -LRB- who is now a proud member of the Houston Police Department ! -RRB- . Never have heard a complaint . I have a few additional models for undercover and home use . I highly recommend all of their products ! They are worth the money.All the best , Jay
 Superior . Puts out plenty of light , and is valuable in our home . Would recommend . Fast ship too !
 I purchased my SL-20 in 1992 , I was a law enforcement explorer and the this was the standard issue for the officers at the time . I have been proud to own this light for the past 20 + years , very bright and rechargeable . I have always had a charger sleeve in my house and car . It has served me as an explorer , volunteer C.S.O. , camping , four-wheeling , and now as a CA state park volunteer medical first responder.Streamlight use to have the SL-35 which was about the size of a Maglite 6 cell , I think . That bulb was the same voltage but twice the amperage . I ran the Sl-35 bulb for years . I currently have theTerraLUX TLE-110S MiniStar110S LED Upgrade Kit for Streamlight SL20X/20X LED.While this light is somewhat sentimental , I like the size . I do not like bulky nor tiny flashlights . Tiny flashlightsare difficult for me to manipulate -LRB- I 'm not a surgeon -RRB- . I also do not want a light that needs a cart to carry . It is my opinion that flashlights should require as little effort and thought as possible . It 's purpose is to help you see in the dark , period .
 I bought my first Streamlight in the mid 80 's . and it is still totally functional . the only two things i had to replace were the bulb and the battery stick . This light has seen many things in our years in law enforcement . and now in retirement . If you want something that will virtually out last anything else you may have . get a Streamlight
 Love the item . It was just as described and arrived on time well before the date stated it would come . We are very pleased with it ! Would definitely recommend .
 Penofin Finishing Oil will restore your deck to its original color . I have used this product for the past 9 years and would not use anything else . I use the RED LABEL and could not be more satisfied . You must follow the directions and have a cleaned deck before you start . I usually power wash the deck first -LRB- very carefully -RRB- and then apply the oil and wipe off excess oil . Very happy with this product .
 Makes clean-up of stainless steel appliances much quicker and easier . Glad we tried these , makes for a nice clean finish
 I 've been taught by pros to use lemon oil to polish stainless steel . It looks great , like new . But it does n't last . I 've used this product and though it does a decent job , you can probably do it cheaper with what you have around the house .
 After spending all too much trying to find a product that does n't streak for my stainless steel kitchen appliances - I finally hit pay dirt with these exceptional wipes . They are the best product on the market
 This is ideal from a designer 's perspective -- which I am . the disk is about 2-3 &#34; in diameter and sits next to the lamp on a dark table so you can hardly see it . I use it on a floor lamp and could have it on the floor and operate it by foot , but so can my cats , so that does n't work for my home.One problem is that it is easy to leave the lamp on very dim -LRB- thinking you have turned it off -RRB- and not realize it for days . To work around this I turn the lamp off with the switch and then when I want it on , I switch it on and use the dimmer to control the amount of light . Works perfectly for me .
 it seams kind of rinky dink but it works just fine for the lights that I use it for . I like the 3 way feature
 With my super thick mattress , the lamp on my nightstand is so low that it is hard to reach . I attached the dimmer with double-sided tape to my headboard . When I awake during the night and need light , presto -- there is the lamp switch right next on the bed . I 've installed a large wattage bulb in the lamp so I can have a dim light or a bright reading light .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT ! It sure makes it easy to dim your lights especially at bedside and it works as advertised
 I have had one of these in the past and loved it . This is exactly what you need if you have a lamp you cant reach the switch to -LRB- from your chair -RRB- or want a 3 way light and you dont have one .
 These dimmer switches are awesome . 3 levels with regular bulb with simple easy access . I got these for all those lamps I have to reach awkwardly to turn on . Now it 's simple and easy . Love theses !
 This replaces an old Stiffel that failed . Works great with incandescent bulb , either normal or 3-way . Entire touch pad responds to touch , you do n't have to hit the middle . Very handy , just what we wanted .
 This is my third touch dimmer . So convenient ! Wonder how I lived without its controlling the reading lamp above my bed .
 This is a great product . My wife and I are very pleased with this touch pad dimmer . It is better and more convenient than a rotary dimmer and/or a 3-way lamp -LRB- light bulb -RRB- . Just touch it for on low , medium , high and off .
 This dimmer switch is very effective for my ederly -LRB- 81 -RRB- mother . It allows her to have a switch near by to change a lamp and she does not have to get up to do it .
 this is a great cheap invention I only see one small problem they do not last as long as you would think , but for the cost I can buy others when they break
 I put these on several lamps , and love how they work . I never need to try to find the switch , and it make dimming the lights so easy - worth every penny
 Works very well strongly think it a great product would buy again do not know what else to say but need to use 16 words
 We are on the 4th living room one of this item . The first Westek dimmer lasted almost 4 years befor it `` burned '' out . The bedroom one is still in use 4 years . Use is less than an hour a night.The third one lasted 14 months . A couple nights ago the light gradually became brighter and brighter . I checked the setting since we had it on the 2nd touch to ensure it was still set right . It was . A few minutes later it got super bright and gave out . The GE 100 watt bulb that is only 3 months old went out too . I am not sure if the bulb caused the unit to expire or the Westek unit expired . Considering other posts , I would say it was the Westek unit . I wondered if it may start a fire.Westek apparently is aware of their low quality product due to all these posts . Personally , it is not worth the $ 6 to return by mail for possible replacement . I had purchased all mine locally from Home Depot . Since we can buy it here for under $ 8 with shipping free , that is what I will do next time .
 I have this `` 3-Level Touch Pad Dimmer '' by my bedside . It 's perfect for turning out my bedside lamp when I 'm getting sleepy.And when I wake up I do n't have to fumble around for a light switch -LRB- or get out of bed -RRB- . And in the morning , one touch turns on the lowest light setting . Better than getting blasted with the highest light setting in the morning . `` 3-Level Touch Pad Dimmer '' requires 3 touches to go from off-to - `` full-on '' -LRB- but only 1 touch from `` full-on '' - to-off ; which is correct when you 're getting sleepy -RRB- . A few people might find that 3-touch-off-to - `` full-on '' annoying . I quickly adjusted and I do n't even think about it.You can also connect additional leads to it and have more touch points in your bedroom . Any wire and electric conductive `` thing '' will work ; pick some decorative metal as a `` light switch '' . However , I noticed attaching a second lead caused the `` 3-Level Touch Pad Dimmer '' to get a little `` twitchy '' . Rarely , it will turn on by itself . It happens so rarely that it 's not a problem for me . I appreciate being able to change my bedside lamp from my bedroom door -LRB- when I 'm leaving the room -RRB- and at my bed -LRB- when I 'm falling asleep -RRB- . I have bought three `` 3-Level Touch Pad Dimmer '' in my lifetime . One did burn out after four years . The other two have lasted for about two years now -LRB- one for my bed , one for my girlfriend 's bed -RRB- . For the low price and daily use , I think that is a good success rate .
 This remote dimmer switch does everything it says it will . We have tall lamps on the tables alongside our bed . When laying down , it is impossible to reach the rotary switch on the bulb holder without contorting one 's self and stretching . Yeah , sounds lazy but when you are half asleep , that it too much effort . The opposite is true as well when wanting to turn the light on when you wake up from a dead sleep . When our little kid comes in after we have passed out , just being able to reach over and tap the round disc -LRB- about the size of a Silver Dollar -RRB- and the light is on , instantly.Which gets to the dimmer feature , excellent . As long as you are using incandescent bulbs -LRB- no CFL -RRB- , this is a great feature . Allows various levels of illumination for when full on is not necessary . Better than 3-way bulbs in certain ways as the control is completely at your finger tips.One caveat , we bought two of these three or four years ago and one died . It just stopped working . This order was to replace that original unit and one spare which has not been needed.Overall , very satisfied !
 Plug in your appliance -LRB- lamp -RRB- to one end that plugs into the electric socket then place the receptor disc where you want -LRB- on counter , bookshelf , table , etc -RRB- and your set . Tap on , tap level 2 and 3 . I 've had this for a year and love it . I bought one for my mom and she loves it .
 We have a wheelchair accessible condo in Maui and so we try to make everything user friendly for our physically challenged guests as well as for my husband who is a C5/6 quadriplegic . We had to replace our touch lamps and could n't find touch lamps on Maui or on-line that appealed to us . So with these 3 level touch pad dimmers we were able to turn ordinary lamps into touch lamps . And what makes this product even better is that the touch pad has cord so the pad can be moved closer to the edge of the table making it easier for our guests to access . It was great being able to buy this product on-line and at such a great price . In the past , we had to have a friend in Akron , OH purchase this product from a specialty lighting store at a much higher price and then have her ship it to us . So being able to purchase direct from Amazon was much easier .
 I bought this to replace one that died after six years . The secret ? This unit is based on a device which can be damaged or destroyed by power surges , but mine is plugged into a simple one outlet surge suppressor . It does the job and saves power when I only need background lighting .
 LOVE this product . It makes it so much easier to turn on and off lights AND I do n't have to buy 3-way lightbulbs anymore . I have one on each nightstand and end tables . They have work great ! I have n't had any of the negative issues noted in some of the reviews . Perhaps the company has improved their quality since it seems the recent reviews are positive . These make fabulous gifts and are really terrific for seniors .
 This is a perfect device to turn onn the night table lamp , sometimes it is not easy in the midle of the night turn onn the lamp on my night table , now it is safe and easy , it is a perfect device for senior citizens .
 I had bought one of these units at The Home Depot to replace another type that did n't work very well . This one worked well . Unfortunately , after a year or so it burned out . One of its failings is that it is only rated for 200 watt bulbs . I like as much light as I can get for my tired , old eyes when I am reading so I have either a three way 250 watt bulb or a 300 watt bulb installed in the lamp by my chair . Despite this I bought more of these from Amazon.com as I do n't have the larger wattage bulb on all the time and the unit works so well otherwise .
 The dimmer was to replace one that came as part of a under the cabinet light system that failed . It is working very well .
 We re very pleased with the pad dimmer because all we have to do is tuch it to turn off the light .
 Great product , liked it so well I have order more for gifts . You will find dozens of places to use , excellent safey product , no fumbling for light switch . Vendor fast shipper and no shipping cost scams . We always use Amazon as online supplier , they are the best .
 With a handicapped person in the house , it 's important to have a reliable touch lamp dimmer readily available . We have had Westek dimmers on five table lamps in our house for the past three years , and have NEVER had one burn out or `` break . '' Yes , they will occasionally turn on a lamp during a thunderstorm or after a power outage . You just reach over and turn it off . When light bulbs burn out , you just replace the bulb without touching the lamp switch . The dimmer keeps working . If you turn the lamp switch `` off '' the touch switch wo n't work until you turn it back on again . No surprise there . We love this product . I 'm ordering a couple more for other table lamps in our house . March , 2010 . Used the last of six of these that I 've ordered over the past four years . ALL of them are still working perfectly . Time to order a couple more for `` just in case '' we get a new lamp .
 This product runs solid for about a year , but then dies out . I can not find one similar to this one , however . Maybe someone else will have better luck ?
 I needed a new sink disposal for an old wall mount kitchen sink being used as a utility sink in the basement . The old disposal had completed rusted through and someone `` glued '' it together with caulking . The old one was 3 '' , which proved to be impossible to find wherever else I looked . This 2-7/8 '' is close enough to work . The stopper is a nice edition . Although it was intended for a prep-sink , it is also prevents foreign matter associated with various household and cleaning projects from clogging the drain .
 Repaired the garden hose easily . No leaks.More durable and easier to handle than some larger plastic couplers . I could wish for an easier grip ; but this works .
 We purchased a Kelvin for my father-in-law who went blind when he was 80 . It was fairly easy to install ; directions are thorough and clear . It took me a while to get the hang of programming it for various periods of the day , but once we got it programmed , we hardly ever touched it again for the rest of the 6 months he used it.My only complaint is that the voice which announces time/temp/thermostat setting was not loud enough for him to hear as he sat in his chair in the living room 12-15 feet from the thermostat . He was somewhat hard of hearing and just could n't make out what it was saying even when the house was quiet.I 'm just sorry I did n't buy it several years ago when he was still mobile . He would have been SO grateful to finally know what temperature his house was and what temp he was adjusting the thermostat to . I would probably still have had to do all the programming , but the everyday adjustments he would have handled well .
 A little complicated to use at first , but the speaking keys and menu items is fantastic ! The ability to clap your hands to get the thermostat to respond to voice commands is really cool . No problems with installation , the instructions are clear . There is a bit of a learning curve , however , in programming the thermostat . You will probably be referring back to the instruction manual a few times to learn how to program it , but all and all , once you get used to it , this thing is great !
 I was looking for a product my blind husband could operate when he was home alone and this filled the bill perfectly ! It not only tells him what the current temperature is , what the thermostat is set on , he can also raise and lower the setting without touching the controls . With our previous two thermostats , he would change the settings and then tell me to go see what he set it on - several times a day ! Now I have it programmed for our normal routines and he can check to see if it is really what I set it on , whenever he wants . He can also change it by himself . I think I was really looking for a thermostat for me - so I would n't have to get up ! I love it !
 My wife is legally blind and this unique thermostat provides the ability to know the current temp while being able to precisely set the thermostat in both summer and winter . Highly recommend this product for the visually impaired .
 This lamp is very pretty - the lamp shade is cloth and looks like it 's made very well . It coordinates with the entire Happy Flower bedding collection perfectly . I think the price is probably a little high , but felt it was worth it to have the matching lamp with the bedding set . All of the accessories coordinate so well together !
 I ordered this lamp for my 6 yr . old daughter -LRB- soon to be 7 -RRB- . It is very cute and met her needs for a bedside lamp perfectly .
 When I ordered this , the title was `` 7/8 shackle '' with descriptions like `` 1 inch screw pin '' etc. . It turns out a day before I got the product , I got an email from the seller of `` We 've sent you your 3/16 shackle '' , and as soon as I saw that I wrote back saying , `` Is this a 3/16 or 7/8 ? '' The seller instantly updated the ad here and said `` Yes there was a mistake , so we 're refunding you 75 % of what you paid and you can keep what was sent . '' So I did n't get what I thought , but the seller did n't just say `` Too bad for you '' and did make up for it . Because of that I did buy from them again .
 Good unit . I have a 30 x 40 shop and it clears the air pretty quickly . If you are tired of breathing all the fine sawdust in your shop , this is the ticket . It does n't get 100 % , but is better than nothing . I no longer spend nights in bed coughing because of the dust . Works great in conjunction with my Jet dust collector .
 This unit has some power . I agree with a previous reviewer that that remote sensor should have been put on the other end of the unit . Also that air really shoots out the unit , but this is a plus for me as I have my unit hanging right over a window and open the window so the small dust that it does not filter goes right outside .
 Great flashlight ! Pocket sized , bright , standard size battery , waterproof & reasonably priced . It is too bad Princeton Tec has replaced this light with the AMP1 model which is a much larger , heavier and more expensive version . It was n't broken , I wish they had not fixed it . Buy the Blast while it is still available .
 I bought this because I did n't want to have to keep holding down a button for light when needing both hands . Be sure to read about installing batteries as often the spring side is the flat side of the battery but not in this case . The cap needs to be firmly screwed on all the way so do n't be fooled into thinking it is n't going on . Simply slightly unscrew the cap and the light stays on . Very bright . I read they were phasing these out . Too bad . I have one from years ago that stills works . The batteries do n't seem to go prematurely dead like a lot of flashlights . I think that 's important considering who 's going to put in batteries in the middle of an earthquake ?
 The knob of the switch I was replacing was centerd in the package and the hole in the lamp base for the shaft was centered in the weight at the base of the lamp . The photo of the new switch showed an ofset knob , slightly toward the end of the ckt board pkg . When the new switch arrived the knob was offset to the side as well as toward the end . I was able to use it and it seems to work well . It just did n't fit in the available space as well as I would have liked .
 This is for reparing a dimmer switch built into an expensive solid oak master bedroom headboard . The electronics housing contains an 110V electrical outlet , a phone jack and a dimmer for the head light on top of the headboard and there is not much room for the dimmer switch . I tried to find a dimmer switch all over Home depot , Lowes etc. . and could not find one that would fit inside that space.It is great that Amazon carries items like this . I ordered it , got it in less than a week and installed it in 10 mins . Works smooth as silk . Now I can enjoy reading in bed again !
 The only problem is the instructions for connecting the dimmer switch are not as clear as they should be . To properly connect the switch you need to remove the cover housing and Identify which wire is listed as -LRB- in -RRB- and -LRB- out -RRB- In being -LRB- line in -RRB- are the small terminal on plug or black wire -LRB- Hot side -RRB- -LRB- Out -RRB- will go the Black wire to lamp / white wire from lamp will connect to white wire large side plug connector . If connected in another fashion will experience the a board short making the switch unusable
 We love our lamp and the expense to repair was too stiff - now our halogen lamps work great with little cost to us
 I 've owned this tiny compact flashlight for over four years . It gives off a very bright light . The battery life is n't as good as an LED flashlight , but this compact flashlight is significantly brighter than similar LED flashlights . So if you value brightness , get this flashlight . If you have very long battery life , then get an LED flashlight instead.For what it does and for its size , this tiny flashlight is great .
 I 've owned the black blast for 7 + years and have used it 200/360 av . per yr with total satisfaction . I just ordered a few more and a replacement bulb after a 8ft . drop on concrete . -LRB-
 I have had a few of these for a number of years . I like to keep one in my pocket for general purpose . They are small and bright . I think the bulbs may have a problem with the higher voltage on a lithium ion battery though .
 I use this flashlight all the time - it fits in your pocket as it is very small and weighs practically nothing . For such a tiny product , the xenon bulb puts out an incredibly bright light . I highly recommend this item !
 I bought this to use as a hands-free light to put on the lid of a ballcap , and for that this is just perfect . VERY bright for its size and easy to use . AAA batteries can be bought -LRB- or easily carried -RRB- for spares just about anywhere . An outstanding little light if this is what you are looking for .
 I have carried one of these clipped to a carabiner on my extended daypack as a backup light . When we got stuck coming down in the dark , and my standard 2aaa flashlight was dead -LRB- somehow it got turned on in the case -RRB- , we just unclipped this and it got us down quick . I love the amount of light it gives . It 's also handy to carry around in your front pocket . Sadly , I thought I had lost it , and spent quite a bit of time looking on ebay for one , but then was happy to note that I found it here . Yes , if you want long life , go with an LED -LRB- s -RRB- , but this little flashlight is a heck of a lot of light , in a very small package .
 I 'm not sure really what to say about this blindingly bright , tiny flashlight . Well , maybe that 's all I needed to say right there ! I have yet to find a more useful flashlight for the size and money -LRB- and have I said it 's BRIGHT !! -RRB-
 Wow !!! This mailbox is huge . Very sturdy and very inexpensive . We looked at a lot of mailboxes before we found this one . It 's bigger , heavier and costs much less than any we had seen in the stores . Very easy to install . Great buy !!!
 This really is a nice , large solid mailbox . I replaced a plastic mailbox with this one thinking that it would have a piano hinge type hinge . I would have prefered that instead of the 2 round pieces on the side that hold the door . I 'm thinking that this metal box will still last longer than the plastic did.At any rate , I 'm sure that the mailman likes that it is bigger . I 'm in a rural area and he has to drive up to the house with things that do n't fit in the box .
 I purchased this product with the idea that it would not be as described ' Boy : was I fooled . It is more than I expected for the price . It is well worth the money . I am glad i purchased it .
 Sturdy , large and package-ready mail box for your home 's roadside . With more and more items being shipped to homes from Amazon , at al. , the need for larger mail boxes fits right into the e-commerce world . Excellent buy with a dark green surface over metal . Buy it .
 Although you can find good deals at your home center , this mailbox was reasonably priced at $ 32 . It is made well . Also , it is big enough to fit all your magazines and other bulk mail . I love having this larger size mailbox . Looks really good too .
 I purchased this mailbox to replace a plastic one that was starting to crack . This is a large , sturdy mailbox . My only complaint is that maybe it is a little too long . I typically pull up to my mailbox and if the mail is towards the back , I have to open the door and get out to reach it . On the flip side , because it is a little larger , it does easily hold smaller packages which saves the mailman a trip to the porch .
 Good quality mailbox . Very well constructed . It is not as solid as the one I replaced , but no complaints overall . The flag though seems a step lower in sturdiness but so far no problems . Definitely a good buy .
 Well made and sturdy . Door fits well and closes easily . Stays firmly shut . Installation was as you would expect . We are very pleased with this mailbox .
 This is a good quality mailbox . Very sturdy . This will probably last for many years -LRB- as long as some idiot does n't use it for target practice , like they did our last one -RRB- . Mailboxes are very simple items , if they 're well-made and sturdy , like this one is , you ca n't ask for much more . The only thing that annoyed me a little is the color . It 's more like `` dark gray '' with a hint of green than actually being green . Even the retail box it came in shows a picture of a distinctly green mailbox , but then you pull it out of the box and you get a little surprise . So if you do n't mind `` dark gray '' with a hint of green , it should be fine .
 Received in time promised and is exactly what I wanted . Was a pleasant transaction .
 Item varied from picture in that no `` arrival flag '' was on the box . Otherwise good box .
 La calidad del producto es muy buena , el tama & ntilde ; o del mismo es enorme , es un producto realmente recomendable , sin dudas el mejor
 It came very promptly.Packaged well , so there was no damage.However I thought it would be a lot bigger.It turns out that it was just regular size.I was trying to get a new one to replace my old mailbox , but a little bigger so larger packages could fit.It turned out that it was the same size as the one I originally had.Guess I should have more attentive to the actual dimensions -LRB- I assume that it was listed -RRB- So for those of you looking at this mailbox.Take notice of the dimensions , before you commit to purchasing .
 The mailbox came in fast , very durable , bigger than what I actually thought it would be and was bought from Amazon themselves . The flag is really nice on it , well made and constructed and i advise you to get this one .
 My last several mailboxes have been plastic . Apart from having to replace the plastic hinge parts with metal bolts and nuts they each held up fine until some losers drove through the neighborhood playing mailbox baseball . Then each shattered into shards while my neighbor who had metal ones merely had to put up with unsightly dents and , I suppose , a door that did n't quite close cleanly . Since one of the rules of baseball is `` three strikes and you 're out '' I decided to try to stay in the game by switching to a metal one.I chose the Solar Group E1600 for its size and price and am very pleased with the choice.Reasonably well made . Good sized . And inexpensive enough that if I do `` strike out '' the pain of replacement will not be too bad .
 easy to mount and tight closing door mail stays dry , , , great price thanks , , seven more words is a jike so why make me do that
 Bought this large steel mailbox after the local bored brats smashed mine with a ball bat . Big enough to hold most of my Amazon packages , easy to mount , it 's a mail box , do n't put to much thought in to it , it is what it is !
 We looked all around for a green mail box after ours got hit & smashed . We took a chance on this one & it is just what we wanted We received the box a little ahead of time it was greatAMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASE
 We looked locally for a mailbox and did n't find anything comparable for the price . The mailbox is roomy enough to hold small packages too .
 It arrived well packaged and in good condition . I love the size of it-plenty big but blends in well with other neighbors boxes.One great thing-I hugged it when I saw the MADE IN AMERICA tag . Great price-good value.Dee
 I ordered this mailbox to replace a damaged one . The mailbox arrived very soon and was packaged well . The box is roomy and the door hinge work smoothly . It is solid and a nice shiny paint job . I highly recommend this product .
 Just brought one of these mailboxes it is very big , and for the price a great value . Our postman will be glad they do not have to come to the door for large packages .
 We purchased this mailbox for the size . It can receive small boxes and makes for less trips to the post office . We were very pleased with this product .
 I got this to replace my , what I now know to be standard sized , mailbox that the mailman finally told me had to go . It came quickly and was much larger than I expected , but that ends up working to my advantage.One important note
 This box met all of my expectations . It 's greater size is extremely useful and it was much cheaper at Amazon -LRB- especially with the shipping kicked in -RRB- , than picking up one at my local building supply stores . Although it has a much larger capacity than the standard size box , the width was well within a comfortable size to be able to install it on the old standard size post mount . Extremely well built and should last a long , long time .
 This is a no nonsense mailbox . I looked at various big box stores before I ordered from Amazon . The box construction is not as good as my old mailbox . However , the latch is a better design than the old plastic piece that broke -LRB- after 10 years -RRB- . The metal latch seemed to be a little tight at first but will loosen over time . If you ca n't wait , you can simply adjust with a pair of pliers . Two little indents on the side of the cover keeps the cover in place along with the latch . Installation could not be easier . Holes on each side at the bottom of the mailbox secure to the post kit -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- . Overall , a simple and solid design that looks good in any neighborhood .
 Large white and well made . All metal construction , including door . my last one eventually rusted out after about 7 years and the door broke because of the thickness of the steel - this is thin but strong , not indestructible .
 This seems to be a good product . It 's attractive , functional and provides more room for the USPS delivery person . Not sure how it will stand up over the long haul .
 Just what I was looking for to handle those larger pieces of mail/small packages that I frequently get that fit too tight in the smaller boxes . Reasonably good construction and not a scratch on in .
 Just what we needed . Service excellent , product was perfect . Easy to install.Looks very nice on the mailbox post . Very sturdy .
 Mailbox is great , shipping was on time . Box was stuffed in the side screened door precluding door from being closed . Hurricane Isaac came by blew the door open and ruined it . Was the box worth it because of the problems associated with FEDEX ? No I have to deal with fixing the door all over some knuckehead from FEDEX that will not walk around the house and put it on a screened in porch that will allow the delivery to stay dry , safe and alleviate damage to my home . I would suggest to the party that sold this product that it be delivered by USPS . My carrier does things right . The instructions that are written on the door to place deliveries in screened in porch are followed .
 We were in need of a new mailbox since our 's was 15 years old and looking really shabby . Also we needed one that was large enough for small packages . I found this one and it was just what I was looking for . We have had some pretty good blowing rain lately and this one does not leak . I had to cut a bigger board for the underside of the box to attach to the new mailbox post . Overall i am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend . Also Love the green color .
 This is my second purchase of this mailbox . My mailboxes last 3-5 years , before someone -LRB- probably under the influence -RRB- , hits it with their car . This is to replace the last one that is pretty banged-up . The construction is solid , I like being able to get it in a color other than black or white , and it is delivered quickly . I recommend !!
 This came and is great for the price . The flag is a bit flimsy but besides that it serves it 's purpose .
 This was a gift for my stepdaughter and her family . They recently moved to Pennsylvania and needed a mailbox . I had it sent to her previous address right before they moved . I was n't sure if they would receive it on time . They got the mailbox , along with the post that I also ordered on Amazon , the day before they left ! They 're very happy with the purchase ! I am a loyal customer , I shop online a lot , and I love Amazon ! I can usually get whatever I need right here ! Thank you , Amazon !
 Large mailbox , very secure and durable . Now I do n't have to go out to meet the mail carrier just to get boxes , they fit in my mailbox perfectly .
 This is a well-made , fairly heavy-duty mailbox at a really nice price -LRB- better price than the local home improvement stores .
 I bought this saw to cut sheet steel . I have used it on metal up to 3/16 inch . Using a guide it cuts nice straight lines and is pretty fast . Free hand is also good . Well worth a look if you have other Milwaukee tools . Battery life is short with the regular NiCads and much better with the Lithium Ions . Have a few batteries ready if you need to cut a lot . The faster Lithium Ion charger helps if you have one . I bought this tool bare so the price was much lower . I would consider the corded model for continuous use . Overall another well made tool only losing a star for Battery life .
 I had to use this for several reasons , but of course the main one was to cut metal . I recently purchased a rental property that needed some vast renovation to be done in both kitchen and bathroom areas as well as some work outside.This saw does cost , but when it comes to using a saw for cutting metal this Milwaukee is much better than many others out there . I do not want to cut down on my old Ryobi , but it was not as good for several reasons . The great thing about this saw is the electric brake which allows for quicker stop time and that lessens the chance of an accident if the saw blade is slowing down but still sitting in between two objects that it is almost done cutting . The main thing that I want to stress is the accuracy of this saw . Sometimes there is room for error in this department and although not all of my cutting is based on precision , I found the spot on accuracy of this saw to be superb . For more information on this saw you can also go to the manufacturer 's website .
 When we upgraded to a new kitchen , we had to make a lot of decisions ; including the room lighting . We like to have lots of light in our kitchen . In our house , the kitchen light is always on unless we are out of the house or asleep in bed . With energy costs as high as they are ; and with incandescent bulbs scheduled to be unavailable in the US after 2012 , fluorescent lighting seemed a natural . But first , we had to figure out why fluorescent light looks so yucky . It did n't take much surfing to find out that fixtures normally come with cool white lamps that have lousy color rendering that results in people looking green . The solution is to buy better bulbs.Unfortunately , our fixture uses `` U '' tubes . Our local hardware stores have a great selection of screw-base lamps ; a reasonable selection of 4-foot tubes , and exactly one option for `` U '' tubes . There is a fluorescent specialty store in town , but it 's out of the way and open only from 8 - 4:30 weekdays . I decided to try ordering this lamp through the internet.The light is not as good as incandescent , but it is much better than the light from the default bulbs . The bulbs were very well packaged and arrived without any damage.Overall , we are quite satisfied with our purchase .
 I bought a refurbished Wagner Paint Crew airless paint sprayer from Amazon over the summer because my wife and I were beginning to work on the project house we bought in May . Every wall in the house needed to be painted , so I figured I 'd spend the $ 100 -LRB- on sale -RRB- on the machine and save myself a bunch of time.The sprayer performed well in the two rooms I sprayed , but over-spray was a real problem . My next painting project was the great room . It has cathedral ceilings and a bunch of weird angles , so spraying was n't a good idea . Thus , I bought this attachment for the sprayer.The setup is a no-brainer . The roller comes ready to use - all you have to do is remove the packaging and prime your sprayer , and you 're ready to paint . The directions indicate that this attachment is rated at 1,000 PSI . If you have an adjustable sprayer , great . My model is a basic one , so I ca n't adjust it , but I went ahead and used the attachment with my sprayer -LRB- max PSI is 2,800 -RRB- , and I did n't have any problems whatsoever . I do n't know anything about the mechanics of these machines - maybe they have some kind of automatic adjustment mechanism - but it seemed fine ... no leaks , no paint explosions , just seemingly normal operation.The roller head itself is specially designed , so any old roller wo n't work . This one has holes in the plastic cylinder for the paint to come out . As long as you keep the roller moving while you 're pumping paint , it wo n't leak or spatter . I found this roller applies paint evenly , and uses about the same amount of paint as the manual method . It is entirely up to you how much paint you pump into the roller at any given time because the roller is operated by a trigger at the bottom of the telescoping handle.The handle extends from about 18 '' to 48 '' . I found that when I shortened the handle using the telescoping mechanism , it increased the pressure inside the tube , and some paint squirted out of the roller head . If you keep the roller head moving while you shorten , however , it does n't spill.Cleanup takes a long time - about half an hour - for this attachment and my sprayer together . I used a regular 6-in-1 painter 's tool to clean the roller head , and followed the instructions in the book for the rest of the parts.Overall , it took me about a day to paint my 600-square-foot great room , including cutting in the corners and edges manually -LRB- which took the longest , by far -RRB- , rolling the walls with this tool , and cleaning it all up . I definitely recommend this tool . Buy it , you 'll be glad you did.One last thing
 I bought the Wagner 9155 Sprayer and thought I 'd also buy this -LRB- TR-10 -RRB- power roller . I had about 600 sq ft to paint including a 22x10 ft ceiling . I learned a lot while making quite a mess from drips while paint the ceiling . It did cover very well , but unless you use it more than once or twice a year you probably wo n't get the hang of it so you do n't drip paint all over . And the cleanup is a real time consumer.After priming and final coating the ceiling I did the rest of the rooms -LRB- walls -RRB- by hand . What a relief to not have paint all over!I 'm still rating this 5 stars because I think it would be useful to someone that does a lot of painting .
 I use this to rebuild a impact I bought used and after doing this it worked like new . I saved myself about $ 300.00 doing this instead of buying a new one
 We needed track lights for a vaulted ceiling in our living room , and I decided to go with these after much research . I did n't want to pay a ton of money , and wanted real track lights vs. a light fixture . These are about 4 feet wide , and while the light heads are very small relative to other track lights I 've seen , they are very bright and even one set can substantially light a room . I replaced the halogen bulbs with LED bulbs -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0094BDAHG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8 -RRB- so that I 'd never have to climb up a ladder and change the bulbs . These particular LED lights are dimmable . Our electrician installed the lights for us , and we purchased a Pro Track connector to join two 3-light kits together into a single , 6-light track and stretch it across our ceiling.Pros : - Very bright - Compact - these are n't huge and clunky , but they do pack a lot of punch from a lighting standpoint - Compatible with LED lights - Blend nicely into our white ceilingCons : - Almost too bright - I 'm worried these will be blinding when we 're sitting under them trying to watch TV . These might be better for highlighting artwork against a wall than as a primary light source for a room . - Perhaps not as attractive as a light fixture .
 At 199 less the 15 powersaw savings and the free shipping this saw just ca n't be beat . Like most miter saws the more powerfull the saw the louder the motor . This one 's loud . The handle is very comfortable . The fence is nice and big and plenty tall . The digital display resets each time you turn it on/off with it 's seperate switch . The dust colection actually worked pretty well for a miter saw . The saw is also very smooth and feels refined . Some nice features
 I have used this product extensively and find it excellent for short cuts . For wider boards , however , I find there is enough black-slack to product off-angle cuts which become a problem for precise molding or table-top work .
 I am not a woodworker but a home improvement guy . I needed something a bit bigger for the 41/2 inch crown molding I am installing at home as it was just a bit too much for my 10 inch saw to do standing against the fence and felt it was too hard to set the miter/bevel accurately on my old saw to do crown lying flat . With the Hitachi C12LC it is easy to do either way . The LCD helps most on bevel angles where it is hard to see the exact setting on the bevel scale while the LCD makes it easy to get within .5 degree of where you need to be . For miter you can set accurately with either the LCD or miter scale . It is also easy to adjust miter cuts that are just off of the preset which was a problem on my Pro Tech miter saw . I do n't miss the laser guide as I am so used to bringing the blade to measure mark . I never use it on my other miter saw.The C12LC seems to be pretty solidly built and plenty powerful . I used my angle square and out of the box it was right on at zero and 45 degree stops . I replaced the standard blade with the Hitachi 60 tooth blade and get decent cuts but not the glass smooth cuts like I get on my BT3100 table saw with the stock Freud blade . There is a bit of a jerk when you power on the saw and I do n't know if all miter saws are like that or not . It usually is not a problem but if you are holding crown against the fence it may move a bit if you are not careful though a crown jig or crown stops would help with that . However seeing that I was able to purchase the C12LC for $ 179 it was an exceptional value and the five year warranty is a plus .
 I already have a miter saw but I was looking for a larger one . This saw fits the bill . It worked perfect right out of the box . You can not beat the price . It did not have a laser but I found I could line my work up by eye , who new . I would recomend this saw to anyone .
 I just purchased this saw a couple weeks ago . I have just completed installing new trim in one of the bathrooms and it looks great . This saw is big enough to do large trim boards with ease . I have not done much in the way of complex cuts -LRB- bevel & miter -RRB- , but on the returns that I have cut , it makes a nice clean cut every time .
 The saw arrived in great shape and worked right out of the box . Good tight feel and the stops were accurate and right on . No problems so far . You really need to buy a better blade for trim work . I bought a 90 + tooth blade and the cuts are clean and nice.I feel its a great saw for a great price and very nicely made ...
 I bought this saw when it was on a major sale so I think I paid substantially less that what it 's going for now . Nonetheless , I would purchase it again at it 's current price . The saw works beautifully . The controls and adjustments are smooth and easy to use . It fits perfectly on the StableMate Universal Saw Stand I bought to go with it . We 've been building a kid 's fort/swingset/deck / climbing wall/etc . for the past year . I got tired of borrowing my brother 's saw so I finally bought my own . I normally buy DeWalt -LRB- which is what I was borrowing -RRB- but I have to say this is a great saw as well .
 I purchased this mitre when it was at $ 180 . Thought it was a great deal for the price . I have to admit that I know little about woodworking but this saw makes a nice power tool sound that your wife will think you are all the more manly for being a part of and it cuts wood into pieces and accurately.Mine arrived in good condition and I did n't have the shipping problems that many before have had , though I did notice that the packaging was somewhat bad . No styrofoam , only cardboard `` stategically '' placed . If I were mailing something like this , I would use styrofoam .
 I had a 10 '' Ryobi Miter Saw . I gave that to my mom when I bought this awesome Hitachi 12 '' Compound Miter . I used it to build my house and it is really nice . I recommend this saw . I got a great amazon price .
 This is a nice saw at a nice price . I have used many cut-off saws and this does a very nice job . Mounting the saw to a good stand is important . I used a Rigid Utility Vehicle for the 12 '' miter saw . This is a great combo .
 For the special price , this saw is awesome . I must say that I have not yet used for the crown molding but from what I have seen so far with the cuts that I have made it will work perfect . As usual with Amazon the shipping and service is hard to beat .
 I have only used this product once since purchasing it . It was easy to use and did a perfect job on cutting molding .
 I am using this drill bit on live oak and it works perfectly . Fast shipping , no complaints , would buy again in a heartbeat .
 TOOK AWILE TO GET TO WRITING A REVIEW BUT ANYWAY BETTER LATE THAN NEVERVERY EASY TO INSTALL AND DEPENDABLE I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FAN . QUALITY PRODUCT ALL THE WAY . DOES A GREAT JOB . QUIET AND EFFICIENT MONEY WELL SPENT
 We use this with an external thermostat for auxiliary cooling in a transmitter building , it 's well built and easy to install . The building is air conditioned , and this and another like it are back-ups should the AC fail .
 My husband was looking for a flat cord , not round like so many are . This is very nice . My husband would definitely purchase this again .
 Just what I have been looking for . Works great for what I wanted to do with it . Very light as compared to the outdoor cord . I use it with my electric weed wacker .
 This is a Christmas present for my sister . It 's a knob ... it 's a cool looking knob . I guess there is n't much more to say . I like it , I know she will .
 I used this roller to get behind my radiators and it worked pretty well . It was fairly smooth in the beginning , but got harder to work with as the day went on . It was extremely easy to clean , and fairly comfortable to hold , but I was n't impressed with the roller cover options for this product .
 Princeton Tec makes great flashlights , and this is no exception . It 's a small , compact , extremely handy light . I did n't expect much in terms of ligth output , but it 's actually surprisingly bright for an led flaslight . Battery life is great .
 Nice compact and bright . Focused beam is bright and battery life is good . Three nights with this light running an average of 6 - 8 hours each night and the beam shone bright and consistent .
 I camp alot and this is may favorite LED handheld . It is small , powerful and fits in the hand nicely . The beam it sends out is focused like a spotlight . The batteries last a LONG time . I have had it for about 2 years and have only changed the batteries once . It has been dropped several times but still works like a charm . I have not had any clip problems as stated in another review . I will be buying 2 more for my sons . I rate it 5 stars easily .
 These are very well made wrenches and a must to have if you are removing a wheel cylinder on some GM automobiles .
 I bought this set figuring that someday I would need a box wrench for a torx bolt . So far , I have been able to remove all bolts with sockets . However these wrenches are really nicely made .
 Princeton Tec makes great flashlights , and this is no exception . It 's a small , compact , extremely handy light . I did n't expect much in terms of ligth output , but it 's actually surprisingly bright for an led flaslight . Battery life is great .
 Nice compact and bright . Focused beam is bright and battery life is good . Three nights with this light running an average of 6 - 8 hours each night and the beam shone bright and consistent .
 I camp alot and this is may favorite LED handheld . It is small , powerful and fits in the hand nicely . The beam it sends out is focused like a spotlight . The batteries last a LONG time . I have had it for about 2 years and have only changed the batteries once . It has been dropped several times but still works like a charm . I have not had any clip problems as stated in another review . I will be buying 2 more for my sons . I rate it 5 stars easily .
 I 've begun to use this guide , rather than relying on my own somewhat imprecise method using only a file . It reliably sharpens the blade , and is much cheaper and quicker than repeatedly having a shop sharpen them .
 -LRB- Helpful ? Not ? Please vote , so I know someone is reading these : ^ -RRB- I realize this is n't for everyone . I cut 5-10 cords of big wood each year . For most people , a hand file and/or just keeping two or three chains will more than suffice . If , however , you cut more than a couple limbs and saplings per year , you 're already familiar with the chain sharpening gambit . The saw shops put the grinding wheel edge on your chain , and it cuts very well , and then it dulls . If you then try to touch up the teeth in the field , you realize the round files do n't work with the straight gullet the saw shop 's machine put on there . Then you start filing ... and filing ... Lots of folks keep 2 or 3 chains sharpened , and just swap chains when one dulls . Usually , after three chains , you 're through cutting anyway -LRB- although this is often not the case for me -RRB- . When done , you 'd take them all to the shop at the same time , and you 're ready for next time . This is neither practical nor thrifty , thus enter the Oregon Professional series filing guide . You can set filing angles on two planes , ensure equal tooth length , equal gullet depth and equal raker height . That 's all you need for a heckuva sharp chain . This is a knockoff -LRB- and superior to , IMHO -RRB- the old Granberg 104A File Guide -LRB- Sears also labeled them -RRB- . Both are fine , the new Oregon has a second clamp that holds the chain in place for you . The Granberg lacks this . It saves your fingertips a lot of abuse . The new Granberg 106B looks like it has the same sort of clamp , but I ca n't vouch for it yet . The old Granberg I have gives me fits with the slide bushing sometimes , though it usually works * really * well too . No chain clamp makes it less stable though , thus my filing angles are less consistent.I would , since it 's free , call into Oregon and get their . PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat file -RRB- of how to properly file your chain . It takes about 15 minutes to absorb the information about `` up angle '' , etc. , for your particular chain , that you probably do n't already know . It 's on their website too . Filing `` up '' means that you file about 3 to 5 degrees up through the gullet of the tooth . Oregon 's little document is a big help in understanding how to set up your file guide for a killer edge . Use the filing guide to set up a `` hungry '' chain -LRB- lower the raker teeth -RRB- or a ripping chain -LRB- square tooth -RRB- or a soft wood chain or a hard wood chain ... whatever you want . I detract for a lack of rigidity . I would ideally like to have a BIG , HEAVY piece of equipment in my shop , and this guide out in the woods . The slide/guide is a little flexible , and will definitely let you know when your file is getting old or tanked up with metal.I use this on the tailgate of my truck fairly well , but I 'm better and faster just clamping the whole saw in my vice at home -LRB- by the bar -RRB- . You must file both sides of the chain , thus you will reverse two settings on the guide when you change sides -LRB- up-angle and tooth angle -RRB- . This is another reason why I recommend the free Oregon . PDF or fax they 'll send you . All in all , this is for the chainsaw junkie or enthusiast . If you 're a ` once-a-year ' guy or gal , just buy the file handle with the lines on it for $ 3 , and take your machine to the shop when the teeth get too snaggled and of different lengths . The $ 40 - $ 50 you spend here is only worth it if you cut a lot . At $ 6 per sharpening , you can see that most saw owners may take a few years to recoup the cost . A 20 '' chain takes me around 15 minutes to sharpen -LRB- and I may be a little slow -RRB- . Still , if you do n't have the patience to sharpen your own lawn mower blades , you probably do n't have the patience for the setup and repetition this operation requires either . The upside is , if you do use this mill , your chain will outperform the old file-handle-with-lines around 2
 excellent product ! I have been using my original model for 5 yrs now and have always had the complant that it is a little flimsy when filing and the professional model is awesome . no flex at all . much better than lightweight model . take it from a landscaper . well worth it if you are wanting to sharpen your own chains . instructions are fairly easy to follow even for a beginner . oregon has an excellent website also that helps . If you take your time and learn how to use this tool properly you will be pleased with the cut !
 Works very well , especially useful for setting depth on cutters.I had funusing it , practiced on an old chain . If you are in a hurry just buy anew chain ; if not , this looks like the best way to keep chain sharpat home .
 I had purchased a Granberg Bar-Mount Chain Saw Sharpener , Model # G-106B that did not work smoothly and broke when tightening up the screw to hold the file in place . Cheap pot metal . Northern Tool promptly sent a refund for the whole amount including shipping , so kudos to them for that.I then ordered the Oregon 23736A Professional Chain Saw Bar-Mount Filing Guide . Now this is an excellent unit !! I did have to do a few minor things to make it work well however . I ground the set screw that clamps the unit to the bar so that it has a round ball shape on the end of it . Now it does not try to move around as you tighten it.After having done that , it still tried to slip on the bar when the set screw was tightened . To fix that I also applied two '' x 1 '' pieces of adhesive backed non-skid material to the 2 contact spots of the same size on the opposite side of the sharpener . I imagine you could glue some medium/coarse sand paper on those 2 places for the same effect . Now it does not take much pressure for the set screw to hold the unit firmly in place on the chain saw bar while using it.One other issue I had is that I could not get the angle indicators to line up when I turned it from one side to the other . Turns out the handle had come positioned on the wrong side of the unit as shipped . If you have never used one of these before , that would be very confusing if you assumed they were supposed to be positioned where there were from the factory.I then put some synthetic motor oil on the units round bar that slides and on the pad in the middle under the bar . Smooth !! Another thing I did that has nothing to do with the File Guide itself is to take a small bar clamp and clamp it to the chain saw bar with the bar of the clamp laying on the bench , and the bar of the clamp pointing in the direction you are filing . It really keeps the saw from tipping as you file it.This works so nicely now and I am very happy with it . I suppose it could have come with all these things honed out , but I do n't mind making improvements on things so they work really well . I get a lot of satisfaction from that.I highly recommend this tool , especially with these modifications .
 Does away with human error when sharping a chain . Also increases speed of sharping and easier positioning of your saw . Excellent for anyone who uses chainsaws often and sharpens them with files .
 I had the consumer version of this which looks about the same but had more plastic parts . Before using it , make sure your chain is tight . You still have to push the chain with one finger to keep it straight against the force of the file and you still have to adjust the filing guide manually to the correct height which requires some judgement . You still need a flat file and depth gauge for lowering the rakers . It works as designed but the operation is n't complete or automatic . If you get the height correct and keep the chain straight with your finger , you will have a sharp chain .
 same as the last one i had its ausommmmmm ...
 I have a two and a half year old . She is very curious and we did n't want a plug in light , as we did n't trust her with it and the outlet . This sits on top of her dresser , she loves it because it is cinderella , it is very cute , was reasonably priced , and it solved our night light problem .
 We are very , very happy with this lamp . My granddaughter loves it in her room ! This would be a perfect gift for any little Cinderella fan .
 I love my Cinderella lamp . It 's much prettier than the picture on Amazon . She is truly gorgeous . The skirt of her beautiful blue dress sparkles when the light is on.If you by it you will love it . I also have the Princess Belle lamp to keep her company .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 4 year old granddaughter . She loves it and uses the night light every night when she goes to bed .
 I do n't understand either why these flashlights have negative reviews . This is my second Princeton Tec flashlight , I had to replace the first one -LRB- an Attitude -RRB- only because it was stolen , but this time I chose this model instead -LRB- and I may still get another Attitude as well !! -RRB- . I needed a good and dependable flashlight for my car and for hiking trips ; it may be a tad too heavy to take on a backpack , but it 's perfect for just about everything else . It 's very bright -LRB- far stronger than the attitude , with a narrower beam -RRB- , very sturdy , and quite comfortable to carry in your hand ; and very easy to turn on and off.All in all , an excellent flashlight !!
 Mine endured a lot and is the only flashlight I trust , and the only one I take with me when I go camping/Hiking/Trips / & pretty much everything.This flashlight is not a `` cost '' it is a Investment .
 I have purchased several small lamps to use in doing close work and for photography of small objects . None of the lamps worked well because the light is not strong enough , and the light does n't cover a large enough work area . I purchased this Daylight lamp because it is BIG ! It is a huge improvement over the Ott Lite I was using.The Ott Lite was the type in which the light turns on when you flip up the arm containing the bulb . The Ott Lite bulb is only about 6 '' long , and I had to have my work directly under its small pool of not-very-bright light . The Ott Lite bulb also is only 10 '' above the work surface . The Daylight bulb is 8 '' long , and is raised 23 '' above the work surface . The light is significantly brighter , and creates a much larger pool of light to work under . It 's a huge improvement.The magnifying glass of the Daylight lamp is easily removable if you do n't need it . The lamp has a very long flexible stem which I love . I can bend and twist that lamp in all directions , which allows me to turn my attention to other objects on the work surface , and is really helpful with lighting angles for closeup photography , though I do need to bend the lamp close to the object in order to get a good photo -LRB- without using the camera flash -RRB- . The color of the light is `` clean '' , not yellow like regular house lighting . Though I need to invest in better photographic lighting , this lamp is filling in adequately until that time.I have n't seen any other lamps of this type that have had such flexibility . I rated it a 4 , because I still would like to have a lamp with even stronger light .
 I make a lot of quilt tops , also I am a `` night person '' , the later it gets the more energetic and creative I get . This lamp shows the TRUE colors at any hour of the day/night . I use it for rotary cutting light , fabric color matching/blending , it is great . It is also very helpful when beading , shows up the colors and openings , making it less stressful to see everything . I like it so much , I have 2 table lamps and 1 floor lamp . You wo n't be disappointed , take care , enjoy life ...
 I use my craft lamp several hours a day while I bead . The flexible arm makes it easy to find the optimal height , and the bulb does n't get overly hot . My only complaint is with the magnifying glass , which is of poor quality . And the stem end does n't fit well into the holder on the lamp .
 I 've had this light and magnifier for a year now , primarily use it for tying flies at my table . I got it from Amazon with free shipping , it came well packaged and only too 3 days to arrive . The price was very good as well.All in all , it is a very nice light , the characteristics are ideal for tying flies and doing other detailed work in the shop . You can adjust the head of the light for various angles , or move the goose-neck itself to totally reposition the light out of the way , or get a different angle , etc. . The mount that the bottom of the light goose-neck fits into is fairly tight , but I 've noticed that it is loosening up a bit with use . We 'll have to see how it does over time.The spectrum of light provided is very good ; much better than typical incandescent or florescent light . So the colors of the materials I select for my flies , are about as close to what you 'd have in natural lighting . Hey , I 've also noticed I need a little more light the older that I get too , and have found myself using the light/magnifier for small electrical projects , reel maintenance , etc.The magnifier goose-neck is fairly rigid and a little difficult to get it to stay in shape at times . So you sometimes need to bend it a few times , to get it where you exactly want/need it . Even so , it is easy to swivel out of the way when you do n't need it . However , I 've noticed that the lens itself does scratch easily and tends to collect dust . So be sure to use one of those micro-fibre rags with a little moisture to clean it up -- anything else causes scratches!The base has a felt material on the bottom , and would be a little better if this was a rubber material that grasps the surface better . Sometimes the base will slide on the table top , when you swivel the lens on the base to get it out of the way . -LSB- I had it fall on the floor one time when I was n't paying attention , so I may glue a piece of 1/8 '' mouse pad on the bottom , if it happens again . -RSB- It comes with a 5-6 ' cord , which is long enough to plug into a nearby wall outlet . My old light/magnifier only had a 3 ' cord , and I had to use an extension cord with it . The on-off switch gets used at least 2 or 3 times a day and I was concerned that that might be a problem -LRB- based on the problem I had with my old light -RRB- . But so far it is working just like the day I got it .
 This is one of more easiest installation products i have ever bought!I have just installed the product following the instructions and works as described.The aftersales is excellent ! The first pair worn out without any explanation and they change it for a new pair without any problem.The second pair is working perfectly.Good product , excellent technologie .
 I replace two -LRB- 3-way -RRB- switches in my living room with these . They work really well and the installation was no big deal . Highly recommend .
 Easy to install if you follow the included instructions . I have a multimeter which helps identify the hot -LRB- black -RRB- wire . You need a neutral and ground as the instructions specify.It is nice to be able to control lights from my computer and schedule them to go on instead of walking down the stairs in the dark.The Micasaverde Vera is like a robot in my house turning lights on and off as well as controlling my schlage thermostat .
 I enjoy walking and for many reasons I often end up walking after the sun sets . This LED flashlight illuminates a narrow beam with a range of about 80 feet . Unlike incandescent lamps this beam slices through dewey air . The flashlight is very light and compact . It is very comfortable to hold even for a 4 mile walk . Battery use is minimal and I finally replaced my first set after about 9 months of use . It took a short time to get used to twisting the light to turn it on and off but I am now thoroughly comfortable with that . I have ordered a second and give this light my highest recommendation .
 this is a great flash light - battery life is exceptionally long - light out put is wide long , center spot of beam is not pin point , easy light to hold in your mouth when needing 2 hands . no problem to turn on off best part life time warrenty.this is an honest flash light . i am not a diver no comment to diving performance
 This antenna is all they say and more . The reception is greater than they claimed . I 'm more than pleased with the product and it arrived 2 days before the delivery time . GREAT product and superb delivery !!!!!!!
 this item worked as it should . . just what the picture shown to be so I could order the correct item ... I would order again
 I have wired up one addition with these pliers and am happy . The length of the handles give you the leverage you need and are comfortable . My favorite part of these pliers is the 12 gauge stripper . Makes wiring up electrical connections quick and easy.These ARE NOT rated for working on a hot circuit . Be careful .
 This plier is refinement of the classicChannellock 369 9.5 '' Linesman Plier . It has crimps for insulated and non-insulated terminals , strips 12 AWG wire , has a 12 AWG wire looper , a Fishtape puller , and cuts ACSR . If I were an electrician or journeyman , I 'd get this plier over the 369 . Other than the feature tweaks mentioned , it 's identical in every way to the redesigned 369 . Finally , it 's American-made and like all Channellock tools , of high quality that is built to last a lifetime .
 I have this 30 '' fence rail system installed on my DeWalt DW746 tablesaw , and I could not be happier with it . Though I have always wanted a Biesemeyer , I can not complain about the perfect performance this rail has given me . The tubular steel construction is immensely strong . The fence glides easily along its length and locks down solidly with zero deflection . The only thing about this fence rail system that I would change is the fence itself , not the rail -LRB- I do still wish for the Biesemeyer 's easy ability to accept jigs onto its square shape -RRB- . As for this rail , it is well worth buying if you do n't already have one , but it would be a better option to just buy the saw package with the rail included ...
 TheDelta Orleans Double-Handle Kitchen Faucet with Spray , Chrome # 2457was a pleasure to install and the result was very nice . Anybody that 's ever installed a standard 3 or 4 hole sink faucet knows how much of a chore it can be . Not to mention , most standard faucets give you very little clearance for large pots and pans , especially if you have a small kitchen sink . This set by Delta is both attractive and functional . In addition to an attractive look and a relatively good brand name , you get a tall curved handle faucet that gives you plenty of clearance.Delta Orleans Double-Handle Kitchen Faucet with Spray , Stainless # 2457-SSis the brushed stainless steel version , and they are identical other than the surface.Pros + Beautiful finish is very attractive + Nice tall faucet gives you great clearance for cleaning larger pots + Orleans style has nice curved lines that go well in both traditional and contemporary kitchens + The faucet aerator gives a nice flow on both the faucet and the spray nozzle + The base is nicely constructed and sits well with plumber 's putty + Comes in chrome or stainless steel finishes + Installation was well designed with quality fittings underneath + Price is acceptable for a good brandCons - The faucet can turn completely and seems somewhat soft , so be careful not to push it laterally - The spray nozzle head feels light in comparison to the faucet - Because it 's taller than other faucets , you must be carefull around window installationsThis faucet is much taller than most and because it has a spray hose will require a four hole sink . Make sure your sink can accomodate this.The price is clearly not the lowest out there , but considering the quality construction of this unit I am pleased . Price Pfister makes a similar model , but I like not having to worry about having to reinstall this any time soon.Enjoy .
 After deciding to replace our kitchen sink and faucet we looked at many models here and at various stores . After reading reviews we settled for this one and we have n't been disappointed . We stayed away from the models with the pull down spray nozzle due to issues with replacements on those . So this one had what we needed and I can tell you it has performed flawlessly so far . The instructions are a little confusing and there is a calibration that has to be performed before its used but once that is understood and done the faucet works flawlessly . Combine this with a SS deep sink and filling pots is no longer a pain , and when washing dishes it makes it much easier and quicker . Highly recommended !!
 We replaced our 20 year old Delta faucet with this new one and are extremely pleased . Installation was trouble free .
 We went back and forth on this and a couple of other faucets before finally buying this one . -LRB- why is choosing faucets so tough ? ;--RRB- -RRB- We have been using it for about nine months now , and so far very pleased with the quality , fit , finish and operation . The stainless is of high quality , and it does not stain and look cheap like some of the other stainless faucets out there.You will pay a little more than the cheapies for this one , but if you can get them side by side and look at the internals in the handles , etc it is obvious why you pay more for this.Easy to install , no issues to date - would buy this again in a heartbeat . High quality faucet and made to last .
 Very sturdy . My plumber was very impressed when he installed it . The sprayer attachment seems sturdier than others I 've had.It looks great with my double stainless steel sink .
 I hope it does n't leak after 10 months like the one reviewer stated because it looks great and was easy to install . My friend had the old one -LRB- Peerless , 20 years old -RRB- out and the new Delta 2457-SS Orleans installed with a half hour . The goose-neck is larger and taller than the old faucet but it 's not in the way or anything . If I have any problems I 'll keep you posted on here .
 Hard to find item . Bought this faucet on recommendation of my plumber . Was shipped and arrived in a timely manner . Since installed , it has performed as expected .
 TheDelta Orleans Double-Handle Kitchen Faucet with Spray , Stainless # 2457-SSis the brushed stainless steel faucet which also comes in aDelta Orleans Double-Handle Kitchen Faucet with Spray , Chrome # 2457model . They are identical other than the surface and the price . Both of them are solid brass underneath the chromed surface.Anybody that 's ever installed a standard 3 or 4 hole sink faucet knows how much of a chore it can be . The unit was a pleasure to install and the result was very attractive and functional . Most standard faucets give you very little clearance for large pots and pans , especially if you have a small kitchen sink . This set gives you a tall curved handle faucet that allows for plenty of extra clearance.Pros + Beautiful finish is very attractive + Nice tall faucet gives you great clearance for cleaning larger pots + Orleans style has nice curved lines that go well in both traditional and contemporary kitchens + The faucet aerator gives a nice flow on both the faucet and the spray nozzle + The base is nicely constructed and sits well with plumber 's putty + Comes in chrome or stainless steel finishes + Installation was well designed with quality fittings underneath + Price is acceptable for a good brandCons - The faucet can turn completely and seems somewhat soft , so be careful not to push it laterally - The spray nozzle head feels light in comparison to the faucet - Because it 's taller than other faucets , you must be careful around window installationsThis faucet is much taller than most and because it has a spray hose will require a four hole sink . Make sure your sink can accommodate this.The price is clearly not the lowest out there , but considering the quality construction of this unit I am pleased . I am confused as to why the brushed model is so much higher than the chrome model . If you are flexible regarding style , just check them both and choose the one going for less . Price Pfister makes a similar model , but I like Delta quality and not having to worry about having to reinstall this any time soon.Enjoy .
 solid brass work great for a small 1/2 horsepower pump should last a long time and no rust just what i wanted
 This was purchased to replace missing components in a passenger railcar . The price was right and the fitting functioned as advertised . It was much less expensive than going through any of the better known on-line hardware catalogs -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- .
 This fitting works very well . Anderson Metals Brass Hose Fitting , Connector , 1 '' Barb x 1 '' Male PipeUsed with greywater plumbing from the washing machine .
 I am very happy with these lamps . The large lamp is a 3-way and the 2 small lamps are not . I would have preferred the larger of the table lamps to take a 3 way bulb . The quality is very high for the price of these 3 lamps .
 I never -LRB- in my wildest dreams -RRB- thought that there was a ladder this heavy-duty . We had a cheap step-ladder in our office , that failed & we were lucky the guy was n't hurt , because he was unloading heavy stuff . So we were determined to replace the cheapie ladder with the heaviest-duty mother we could find.This is it.We just unboxed this big boy and everyone in the office was a bit speachless -LRB- yeah , I know ... it was a slow day here : - -RRB- Anyway , if you 're looking for an indestructible step ladder that could serve as a decent bomb shelter -- this is it !!!
 At just $ 1 per pound rated capacity or $ 10 per inch this step stool is a bargain . It meets OSHA standards , which are quite high , as well as ANSI . The name alone is worth an extra $ 270
 With the water being so chlorinated , I started to lose the hair on my head . I bought this and have been using it for about 2 months now and I can already see my hair growing back!This was the motivating factor for me to buy this product.Just for reference , I 'm 39 years old as of this writing and it 's a little too early to grow bald!This is a very good product .
 I love this filter so much . I have easily irritated skin . My skin always used to be very red and itchy after taking a shower , even if I just rinsed with water and nothing else . Now I have no skin irritation from my water.I can definitely tell the difference if I take an unfiltered shower at my mom 's house - the redness and itchiness comes right back . I 'll probably buy one of these for her next time I visit.Edit March 2012
 I think everyone should use a filter on their shower . Chlorine leaches into our bodies even in the shower . I know it sounds extreme but these days , you have to be extreme just to stay healthy!I only wish these would last longer . I am a yoga teacher who does not make a whole lot of money , so it gets expensive to keep buying the replacements . I suspect , however , that I would have no better luck with other filters and I am most likely just in a very high mineralized area.While its still working , my hair and skin feel soft and wonderful just out of the shower .
 I 'll keep this succinct -- this filter works better than most , provides a higher-volume flow , and will not disappoint , at this price-point . If you 're considering this , do not hesitate .
 I got it shipped to Europe and after few days I got a notice from Fedex asking me to pay them nearly 30 for taxes . Those 30 on top of what I paid for the filter make it as expensive as the one I was buying from aguapura . Will not buy it again because the quality is the same but I do strongly recommend it for people living in the US .
 So far the filter works . I believe I see a difference in the moisture of my skin . I 've never really had a problem with dry skin , but in the colder months it does tend to dry out more . So far it has n't been that dry . I believe the filter with the lack of chlorine has helped .
 I was hoping for the great results some reviewers had . But the chlorine and mineral deposits in this utility 's water are very bad , so there have been no dramatic changes . But when I used to shower , when my legs dried they would be covered in a white substance , which I assume is from the chlorine - and that has definitely improved !
 If you 're not using this , your missing a treat . I do n't care where you live , there 's a chance that you 're dealing with -LRB- UGH -RRB- chlorinated water . If that 's the case , YOU NEED THIS . Most people only treat their drinking/cooking water . They need to realise that when hot untreated water comes out of the shower it creates GASES . Wow , now you can breathe in this chlorine gas as well as bath in it . Not for us . This little filter remedies that and will last a long time.BUT BEWARE
 Had to order this from out of state ... do n't know why it is so hard to find in the South . This produce gets an A + .
 Why is this in my house ? We use it to reach the top shelves , and as an occasional chair . The cats love it ; if we had an elephant , he would too . At $ 165 it 's a pricey little ladder , but then I knew that going in .
 The Werner SSA00 Series -LRB- Aluminum -RRB- and SSF00 Series -LRB- Fiberblass -RRB- step stands are built like tanks and will truly last a lifetime . I currently own two each of both the aluminum & fiberglass 3 ' step stands -LRB- SSF03 & SSA03 -RRB- and have enjoyed every single use with them over the past year and a half -LRB- I use them at least 4-5 times per week and have used/abused them to no end ! -RRB- . Anyway , I think it is important to clairify some key facts relating to the product 's duty rating/load capacity . I say this because there is a review posted about 2 + years ago that really confused me in relation to their -LRB- incorrect -RRB- statements regarding load capacity/duty rating . So , I think it is important to set the record straight and outline the current product specifications for the various models of Werner step stands being sold on Amazon -LRB- as of 2012-Mar-23 -RRB- : SSF02 -LRB- 2-foot -RRB- Fiberglass Step Stand
 This was fairly easy to install and it does look nice in the bathroom . It 's a basic no frills faucet , but certainly does the trick . It 's also a low flow faucet , so if going green means anything to you , this might even surpass your expectations .
 I bought this faucet back in June of 2007 for twenty dollars and it has held up very well . It has not discolored at all , even with our hard water . It still looks shiny and new . Install was quick and simple , especially for being the first faucet we ever installed ourselves . Highly recommended if you just want -LRB- a cheap -RRB- basic faucet .
 After a few years of use , not sure but could have been as long as eight to ten years the function that slowly lowered the lid stopped working the lid would slam shut . The seat still worked like new.On a whim I went to the company web site and left a comment about the problem hoping for some parts to fix the problem . A week or so later I got an email asking me for some details on the problem and the size and color of the seat.Today UPS dropped off a new seat . The company did not tell me to expect a replacement but it was a very nice surprise . The nature of the installation made putting the new seat on a matter of twisting two cam locks , removing the old seat and putting the new one on . Probably took less than two minutes.This is the kind of company I want to give my business to , I suggest you do the same .
 Bemis products rule ... When we replaced all four of our water-wasting household & shop toilets with lo-flow types , we also replaced the Chinese-made slo-closing seats that worked for a short while , then began slamming shut . SO , along with the nice American Standard toilets that were 2 '' taller , we also stepped up to some Made In USA Bemis `` Slow Closing '' Seats and , man , are they nice ! Just beware that , once you get used to this taller toilet/Seat combo , everything else will be like sitting on the ground !
 A great tool which has help unplug our loilet and I did n't have to cal a plummer . I think its great when you can do it yourself .
 I bought this for an unexplained clog in my toilet that was not responding to plunging . I have a bad arm and was concerned that this would take too much force to use . It took very little force to use it , it took two turns and the toilet flushed perfectly . Took less than ten minutes . I am surprised -LRB- really was ready to call the plumber -RRB- and very very pleased .
 Our guest toilet was acting up , I went plunger-crazy on it , but that just seemed to make it worse . I read online that the vacuum suction of the plunger had probably jammed the obstruction . Off to Amazon and I ordered this -LRB- 3 Ft one -RRB- . This was about $ 20 cheaper than any of the local stores . With prime I got it in 2 days . Now , I 've never had to use an auger before . This set came with very minimal instructions , but thats pretty much all you need to know . Run the plastic cover all the way down and turn/push . After that turn counter-clockwise and pull out slowly . Just be careful not to scratch anything . Its very simple to use , took me about 5 minutes to fix the toilet .
 Got this at a locally -LRB- available at Lowe 's -RRB- , not wanting to wait for shipping to get it . Price was the same as Amazon . Performed very well ... while a little tricky to get the auger to go down the pipe , a little turning -LRB- of the handle -RRB- and repositioning takes care of it . Pushed the auger down all the way twice , and it seemed whatever was clogging was loosened a little - toilet was draining faster.Finally , on the third attempt , the water rushed out and now the toilet works great again!This this is very easy to use - the plastic/PVC sheath works well both as a handle as a guide for how far to push down and pull up . The bend at the end of the sheath works great for positioning the tip into the bottom of the toilet ... everything , in its simplicity , just worked . Also available was a 1/2 inch version of the same thing , but for 3X the price . While it felt a little `` meatier '' in terms of quality , it certainly would n't have been worth the extra money . This one worked great . Also , the package said this one is for a `` home-use toilet auger '' whereas the bigger was was a `` maintenance toilet auger . '' Maybe if you plan on doing this often or for numerous toilets it would be worth it ... this one seems perfect , both in functionality and price , for home use.Would recommend .
 I purchased this at a local big box store and it saved me a ton of money . I had never used and auger before but after watching a video on you tube this device did great and held up strong ! Do n't spend a ton of money on one of these . This is a tool you probably wo n't use often
 I bought this toilet Auger because one of our toilets was frequently clogging up and traditional home remedies were not working . The clogs were so bad the toilet bowl would fill up completely with no room for any chemical products and even a plunger would cause a big mess . This Auger took care of the problem from its first use . I simply opened the package , pushed it in the bowl , made a few turns and the clog cleared instantly . I have n't had any clogs since then . There were no visible scratches or damage to the bowl after using this product . I am very happy with this Auger .
 My toilet got clogged because I threw in a bunch of paper towels.Flushing made it worst . Finally , I bought a plunge -LRB- which did not help at all -RRB- and this Cobra Toiler Auger.The auger unclogged the toilet in 3 minutes . It managed to pull the big pieces of paper towels out and push in the remaining pieces and thus unclogging the toilet .
 I jammed it in , pushed forward , and spun it around a few times . Upon withdrawal , I felt a surge of relief as I watched the liquids leave . Works great .
 I was skeptical this would work since I had seen mixed reviews on Amazon.com and other sites that carried this product . I was on a budget so I went with this model and NOT the more expensive one by RigidRidgid 59787 K-3 3-foot Toilet Auger with bulb head.I am so glad I chose not to buy the Rigid . I would have been out of almost $ 30 just to get the same result . Yes , as another reviewer stated , there is no clip to hook the auger once your finished just a ring that you have to spin the end of the auger around to get it to hold . I did n't expect anything too fancy since this was cheaper than all of the other augers I had looked at . Now to the toilet problem , somehow one of those plastic cups you get off of medicine bottles -LRB- you know the small 15/30ml cups -RRB- got flushed down the toilet . I tried plunging it and it worked for a while but it was stuck somewhere within the toilet which was causing a slow , slow siphon . So I got this and I wo n't say its easy to push down the toilet drain . It takes a little elbow grease and angling to get it to follow the path right . Once you get it down there its easier the next time around . The first day I tried it I could n't get it to go down the toilet because I did n't realize I was n't angling it . Plus I was trying to be careful to not apply too much force so I would n't bend it like a pretzel . But note you should apply some force . You may have to pull the auger back up a little and continue on to get it to move further down . Also , one major factor is spinning it in a clockwise motion . For me I had to spin it to get it to go down . Otherwise just trying to push it down there is not going to happen . But once you get the plastic handle close to the plastic guard that keeps you from scratching the bowl give it a good couple of spins . You may see water start to drain and your toilet may make a siphon on its on . Once that happens , flush the toilet and see if it makes your normal siphon and flushes properly . Now you can pull the auger all the way back -LRB- using counter clockwise motion -RRB- and begin the process again . I did so just to make sure that the cup that was stuck was clear and anything else that had been stuck in the toilet and pipe because of it . I repeated the processes above using a clockwise motion , gave a couple of quick spins and flushed . After that I flushed once more to help clean off any junk that got stuck to the auger . Then I pulled it back up -LRB- counterclockwise -RRB- and my toilet is fixed . Thank God I was saved from a possible $ 350 job if I had called a plumber out .
 Having moved to the US -LRB- and California -RRB- only six months ago , I had absolutely no idea how to deal with a `` low flow '' toilet that tends to clog up . My old baking soda + hot vinegar technique -LRB- for drains -RRB- having proved inadequate , I came to Amazon looking for help . After watching a `` beginner 's lesson '' at youtube by a lady who had obviously found herself in the same predicament as I , I got up my nerve and performed this formidable task for the first time ever in my life . Surprise ! This snake is very easy to use , is not heavy and does not require force at all . I actually managed to unclog the toilet completely after two tries.For what it 's worth , in France I was used to toilets with two half-moon buttons at the top - one for half flush and the other for full flush - which I still think a pretty good concept , and which never gave me any clogging problems in my 20 years there ! Maybe Amazon will start importing those to the US ?!
 We were remodeling our Master Bath and were replacing all faucets in this room . This was exactly what we were looking for and looks great in there . They work flawlessly also .
 very quality bags . my husband loves them - the only issue is that the zippers are pretty stiff and hard to open and close . i 'm sure over time they will wear down a bit and be easier but for now , it 's kind of tricky .
 These bags are a must have for an electrician . I keep a few of everything in there , and it usually works out to save me trips out to the van . I keep it in my veto pro pac at all times .
 Rugged , durable , looks good . These pouches work perfectly for organizing my tools and other things . Would be nice if they had a place to put a label . Probably will buy some more .
 These tool bags are awesome to put screwdrivers and other loose items into my traveling tool kit . The bags are well constructed and seem that they will hold up . The zipper on the top concerns me a little because it seems very difficult to zip . Will update review and rating if anything goes wrong .
 Colored Bags are a smart idea.These bags make it so much easier to recognize what i have in which bag .12.5 inches -LRB- Nice big bags -RRB- - - Smaller bags than these are difficult for me to deal with.As an electrician , I Highly Recommend them .
 Solid product . Exactly as expected . The zippers were a litte tight at first but I think they will free up after a couple uses .
 Great little bag . I use them to put small tool and parts in . They come in handy to keep all your parts together .
 These Klein Bags are just right for my tools . I recommend these to anyone to organize there loose tools in a bag .
 The canvas bags work great for keeping my tools organized and separate from the other contents of my checked baggage when travelling between jobs .
 I 'm a field service tech and these bags are perfect for organizing all my tools . This way I can carry everything I need in a small bag . Different colors help when looking for a specific tool . Very sturdy made . The zippers are a little rough in the beginning but after a few months become much smoother . Will last for years to come .
 Item as described in online documentation . Product shipped quickly and was correct item ordered . Would purchase again , price is fair .
 I bought these to make tool kits instead of all in one bag . i. e. , RG-45 termination kit and RG-6 term . Easier to get to the tools I need for a task , rather than having one larger bag stuffed with all of the tools for both kits.These are a bit bigger than I thought , but that is okay . They are durable ! Quality made .
 Exactly what was shown in the picture . Am very satisfied with this product . It is also a very good price !
 I had lots of tools in a large tool bag and took a long time to find what I needed . I have since put separate items in a different colored bag . Like CCTV bag , networking bag , testing bag etc.Works great , I grab the blue bag when ever I need x.They are very strong to I have a sheet rock knife in one and it hasnt punched through .
 Worked great , but zippers are a little stiff . Use these to seperate tools in my carry tool bag . Klein has a great product and reasonable cost .
 These bags are of great quality , very sturdy and well made . I think the zippers are just fine - sturdy and effective , will not unzip on accident easily , but not too tough to use , either.I use these bags to organize items for my larger bicycle bag -LRB- I am a regular bicycle commuter from home to work and need dependable , reliable , well-organized stuff to make the job easier -RRB- . In the olive one -LRB- which is a dark olive green/brown , very dark in color btw -RRB- , I keep my bicycle tire/tube change emergency kit - a spare tube , a patch kit , tire levers , a hex-wrench & screwdriver multitool , and a 15mm hex wrench . I keep it in the bottom of my large bike bag so if I run into a flat tire or mechanical issue , I know everything is there and can find it quickly . I use the orange one to stash my wallet , keys , cellphone , and all 4 of my bike lights when I 'm off the bike , again to keep them organized . I keep my household screwdrivers in the yellow one and wrench set in the blue one , both of which I keep with my other tools at home.The canvas is tough , the zippers are quality with some holding power , and having 4 different colors is great if you use more than one in the same area -LRB- such as in my bike bag -RRB- . A great product , I 'm glad I bought it because it comes in handy every day now.EDIT
 I liked these so much I purchased a 2nd set . I use them for everything but tools . With the colors I know what is in them without opening them up . I use one to carry my medical supplies another for personal belonging , shaver and supplies and I use the bright orange one for carrying my GPS unit , cell phone and wallet so I did not have to leave them in the car . The bags are strong canvas with a strong metal zipper .
 I like the Different colors to help with realizing what 's inside them . Only wrench I ca n't fit in them is my 1 '' Open End Craftsmen wrench , so they are of very good size , and of high quality . They should last me a long time .
 I work in the trades , you can never have too much space to store Items.I store my very fine wood chisels in these bags.I also use for receipts from jobs.These are great to have . Many uses .
 Durable , decent zippers and built to last . Pay attention to the size listed as these were bigger than I expected -LRB- not a bad thing -RRB- .
 These bags are amazing , and far bigger than I was expecting , so check the measurements . I use them for storing small tools , paintbrushes , even pens , pencils etc. . Planning to order more in the future , and one or two of the bigger Klein tool bags for storing bigger tools . I like to refinish furniture , but I also like that area to look as neat and livable as the rest of my home , and these bags are perfect . Perhaps this should n't matter but they also look great and I like the colors , especially the orange .
 These are heavy duty canvass bags . I have about 8 of them now . Ive been using them for storing tools and storing electronic cords during motorcycle trips . Ive had this set of bags for years , using them in my work vehicle and besides being dirty , theyre working like new . Heavy duty canvass with heavy duty zippers .
 So far , everythinh I had brouth from Amazon , was delivered accurately and in good shape.I may pay a little more with shipping , but in the end , it was well worth it.I am Field Service Eng . and those bags are a `` home '' for my tools.Klein products are allways reliable and sturdy .
 These top quality canvas storage bags are ideal for transporting tools , accessories , or small parts . They are made of tough canvas , with a brass zipper which also has angood sized handle . I am using all four of these bags within my tool box , and I findtheir quality hard to beat . Looking for quality ? Choose Klein .
 I use them to store cables , pens and everything organized they are tough but at the the same time very co fortable It got here on time with no problem at all . I got through prime and the shipment was cheap and almost nothing .
 Does what it needs to do helps keep small things in my tool box organized looked for a while at makeup bags ect . needed something stronger , a little spedy I thought
 This Item is Great ! I used it with my Zipmate to score a cut line on concrete Landscaping blocks that i then chiseled to the desired shape . it made doing a custom curve VERY easy , and With the new masonry wheels , I only used 1 for the whole wall ! It was a great time saver !
 Reached in time - very quick . Has all it takes to fit a bifold door . No issues . You get what is described .
 I have been looking for an oil rubbed bronze high pressure shower head for 7 months and this is the closest I have found . It is not the same as the $ 3 military shower heads found at the chain stores but it works well and has the added benefit of offering the oil rubbed bronze finish that matches existing fixtures.PROs
 I bought a bottle at Home Depot . I scored the paper all over sprayed the wallpaper and waited 15 minutes . It says wait 2-10 minutes . Hardly anything came up . I ended up having to peel the paper off first then applying it to the dried adhesive that was left on the wall . No scoring and only waited 5 minutes . The dried adhesive peeled right off with a putty knifeIt came with a spray attachment . Do n't bother getting the one with it , it is alot easier to apply it with a paint roller or a sponge .
 I have used this metal cutting disk with my Zipmate on the Rebel model Rotozip . I found that it 's average at cutting sheet metal roofing but works wonderfully on synthetic compsites like fiberglass and vinyl . Do NOT use it on wood based composites like masonite ; its burns them and destroys the wheel edge , too . The Zipmate works well on a Rebel , but takes some patience and practice to master . With the metal cutting wheel , it 's like a little cutoff machine , but not for big , heavy iron pieces . It does best on smaller , thinner stock . Beware of blowing dust and cutting fumes when using the metal cutting wheel . Have plenty of ventilation in the area where it is used and wear goggles and a dust mask .
 Undoubtedly , This is the best device for making a fast metal cut . I used it for cutting a 1 `` x1 '' 1/16 '' thick iron angle and it was cutted well and fast , but the ZWMET1 disk got wasted , it reduced to 1/2 diameter , I suppose , because I did not use it in the right angle because The Zip Mate does not let You see the cutting line completely.The ZWMET1 is cheap and with practice , You 'll make it work more efficiently that I did , so the first time , buy some of them ! Bye .
 For the 8 $ bucks I paid , these wheels really saved me . I had to grind down some old rusted bolts and this did the job , no problem!Thanks again Amazon ! 5 / 5 stars !
 I needed to install a doggie door . This made the cut easy and quick . I am glad I bought it .
 I bought about 6 of these cutting wheels to cut my window wells down . They were sticking up way too high and I needed something to cut them . I decided to use my rotozip with this wheel and it worked fine . The wheels did seem to wear down fairly quickly , but I was cutting fairly sturdy metal . I then used it to cut wire shelving and it worked great on that with not much wear.For some reason , these wheels are hard to find which is why I used Amazon .
 This thing is bright as day , and actually makes a really good outdoor flashlight -LRB- was my primary in the African wilderness , and still for camping -RRB- . Weird batteries , I suggest getting extra if you are going to rely upon it .
 Excellent line of bright and inexpensive lights . Black matches many polymer firearms . Will not feel cold in your hand . Takes the tip off filters and covers . Fits the holsters and pouches well . Makes less noise than the metal types and is bright enough to let someone know you are serious . Push button does n't wear out , and build quality is typical Surefire . These work well with firearms as they are still shock mounted in their housings , and match the tactical tupperware out there . Great for stand alone use as well . Buy many as they are cheap . Bright colors are recommended in a marine environment . Black for tactical . I will buy many more of these . Great for gifts too .
 This is the best flashlight I own so far . To really go up in quality I 'm sure I 'd have to spend alot more money . It 's small but packs a powerful and excellent beam and you can just feel the quality and durability when you hold it . My only complaint is that it 's kind of awkward having to turn the bottom section for on/off . It does have a push button on the bottom for momentary on/off which is nice.A definite recommend .
 I purchased 1 black and 2 yellow G2s . The yellow G2 I placed in my wife 's van in case she needed it . The lithium batteries will last sometime especially in the various temperatures of the van . The other yellow G2 I gave to my father-in-law . I use the black G2 for work and also purchased a holster and red filter for it . In fact , the red filter was delayed for sometime and Surefire upgraded the red filter that is normally used on weapon light systems . The holster internal clip broke and I called Surefire and they sent another without question . Great service from Surefire.I 've read reviews that the batteries only last about an hour with constant use . That 's true . But do n't forget you are putting out 60 plus lumens . If you need more than a few minutes of lighting then you need an LED which Surefire has many products to satisfy this need . When I use this product at work , people are surprised on the even light output and the brightness . They often ask to see the light and can recognize it as a superior quality product .
 I work part time as a bouncer and need a good flashlight to check ID 's and to use in the Club to flash down other bouncers when I need help breaking up a fight . I could have purchased a less expensive flashlight but after reading the review for this one I thought I would spend a little extra money in this one ... What a GREAT move ! This flahlight is not only great for using in the above mentioned tasks but is is so bright that I can also use it to temporarily blind biligirent patrons and take control of the situation much easier with much less force or violence becoming a factor , greatly reducing the liability factor on my part . I am also a Marine and this light would make an awsome weapon light , I would recommend it to any one in the Military or law enforcement , if you are thinking of buying one DO IT on the contingint that if you dont like it you will return it . Trust me you wont be disappointed .
 The light performs exactly as advertised and I am pleased . But it was delivered in a flimsy package with no instruction manual . Shipping charges seemed outrageous .
 What a handy flashlignt for walking the local trails in the dark . It is so small and easy to carry . The light is bright enough to light up the trail like an auto headlight would , yet this fits easily in your hand and weighs almost nothing . I am pleased with this purchase .
 I just purchased my second one and they are amazing . Extremely bright , completely in focus at any distance . You will love this one . I also bought their Surefire batteries in a box of 12 . I will never go back to a regular flashlight . Enjoy . Rob New York
 Superb product . Light fully fills definitive area . Easy on/off push button or rotation for constant on .
 I purchase this gadget as my first surefire flash light . Compared to other surefire model this one has the lowest price . Although it is expensive compared to some ordinary or popularly branded flashlight , the technology use to manufacture this gadget is i think one of the latest . Before I purchase this , I do some searching about the materials the manufacturer claims the He uses in order to come-up such a flashlight ... that will give a reliable performance just the way a demanding user like me wishes . I am really amazed to find out that I get my money 's worth and by inspecting it out of its box , I am sure it will last for a lifetime and it will provide the performance I need . My purpose in buying this gear is for self defense using what they called `` flashlight technique '' . 65 lumens of brightness although a short life of 60 mins . running time is enough for above mentioned purpose . I looking forward to purchase a surefire LED model , and it will be use for seach and rescue , power outage back-up light and other task that require a long running high performance gear .
 The G2 is the very best multi purpose light that is bright enough to use for defense , and you can not beat the price point . You will get a 65 lumen run time from one set of battier . If you of the mind to use the G2 for self defense it does n't hurt to upgrade to the 120 lumen bulb , though your down to 20 minutes of battery time . They make a great gift for anyone who might need a sturdy , powerful flashlight -LRB- and everyone does -RRB- .
 I have purchased 3 of the G2 lights . A black one for myself which I carry constantly in Surefire holster . I also purchased a yellow G2 for my wife 's van and another yellow for my father-in-law . You may think the price as high but the G2 is worth the money . The even light distribution and intensity is amazing . The lithium batteries do not last long -LRB- about an hour -RRB- if light is on constantly ... that 's why you would go with an LED or regular flash light . However , Surefire sells the lithium batteries at a reasonable price plus the batteries also work in my camera.Received great service from Surefire . My holster G2 retaining clip broke and I received a replacement clip . I had a hard time installing it and surefire sent me a new holster without question . I also ordered a red filter but Surefire was out of stock and sent me another model red filter -LRB- more expensive model -RRB- that is usually mounted on tactical weapons lights.I 'm very pleased with the product . Highly recommended .
 Although the latest one I purchased did not work , I would still purchase the flashlight . They are small , rugged and very bright . The quick toggle button at the end is a great feature that allows you to turn the flashlight on for a split second -LRB- or you can twist the bottom cap to keep it on -RRB- . The downside is the battery cost , roughly $ 1 each if you buy in quantity .
 From guard duty to the range or out in the field doing sniping ; if you are looking for affordable , durable name brand that you can trust go with G2 by Surefire . It 's non conductive , corrosion resistant , rugged body with good grip and easy to mount or use it with a handgun . The bulb that comes with it is not that much of illumination so for duty use , I upgraded with Cree G2 aftermarket module for $ 10-18 . Now they come with built in modes to save on batteries . Speaking of batteries , you dont have to use lithium photo batteries . There is an option . I replaced them with li on rechargable 123A batteries bought from overseas along with charger . It pays for it self . Also if you shop around you can get this G2 little less than what you would pay now . After all , when it comes to mission , getting the job done with zero error , I would consider going with trusted , proven manufacturer of illumination . They do have other models but quite expensive . Some are heavy , bulky , conductive to electricity so I would go with G2 . This G2 is the least expensive but the quality remains the same . Made in USA the brand you can count on.AsifScout Sniper , Guard , Criminal Justice Professional
 In Florida , many if not most homeowners have several flashlights for emergency use during the six month Hurricane season . My new Surefire G2 Nitrolon out shines every other flashlight in our home.I intend to buy additional G2 's to keep in both cars for emergency use . I also suggest you buy a box of 12 spare batteries . With a ten year life , it is reassuring to know the flashlights will operate when needed and the spare batteries will not be outdated.At night , it is on my bedside table . Both the light and my pistol are easily reached , if needed.In addition to being compact , exceptionally bright , lightweight , & stocked with long life batteries , the thumb operated on off end cap push button makes the buying decision easy .
 Awesome little flashlight although it does heat up a bit with continued use . Extremely well made , bright , and durable . Everyone should have one of these in their nightstands .
 This is a very good flashlight . Very bright and compact . It 's well made and you do n't have to worry about dropping it . Offered at a good price . Very happy with purchase .
 Still not sure why Amazon is not carrying Surefire . I became a Surefire freak after my boss showed me his collection of lights . My wife usually did n't like me buying things especially a flashlight that is over $ 100 . But after she saw the size of E2D and what it can do she agreed that Surefire is the only light you should own and a great gift for friends and family . Right now she is trying to take all the surefire lights I have from me.owner of : Surefire E2DSurefire E2LSurefire E2eSurefire M3Surefire 6PStreamlight Ultrastinger -LRB- a great rechargeble light for home -RRB-
 I bought this for my son-in-law . He states that it is a great product with the light intensity that he was looking for .
 I picked one of these up recently and am very pleased with it . No one can believe how bright it is . I was able to try out several lights when I got this one and no other could compare . The more expensive streamlight scorpion cost more and was noticably dimmer and the beam was not at all full like this Surefire G2 . I plan to keep this one in my pocket and buy a surefire C3 next for the house . This light is excellent for the money - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I had heard about these lights , but only recently purchased one . The price tag kept me away for a long time . Spending $ 9 on a mini-mag was reasonable , and I was familiar with them from my years in the military . Dropping $ 40 to $ 100 on a flashlight was a hard barrier to cross.Once you get one of these home and get used to the brilliant light that it produces , you will never go back to a `` regular '' flashlight.This flashlight is smaller and lighter than a mini-mag . The mini-mag is a great light to use in the car , around the home , or out in the field . The Surefire is in a completely different category . On a dark night , it will light up your back yard like a floodlight . It 's more like a very bright camera flash that stays on until you release the button.Get one . Get one for your spouse . It 's a fantastic flashlight , and has the added benefit of being a great self defense tool .
 The G2 is made of special plastic called Nitrolon . It 's very durable and light , and because it 's non-metallic , the flashlight does n't feel cold even if operated with bare hands on freezing temperatures . This is a nice feature , considering that while winter is the darkest season , it 's also the coldest.The flashlight has a separate momentary on light switch that is operated by pressing the switch . The light switch has particularly crisp feel to it , so you can feel easily the threshold where the light is going to light up . If you want the light to go constant on , you 'll have to twitch the end cap . The end cap turns easily , so you can operate it with one hand , without changing your grip on the flashlight . The flashlight features also lock out function that prevents the light going on accidentally , like when carried inside a pocket.The intensity of the light is average , compared to other quality tactical flashlights -LRB- naturally , it 's much brighter than any `` general purpose flashlight '' , like Mini Maglite -RRB- . However , considering the price , with G2 you 'll get good performance for the money.The lens is made of plastic , which means it can melt or deform if the light is turned on for too long periods . On earlier models , the light switch was loose so that when you changed batteries it could fall to the ground -LRB- and even became lost -RRB- . They have improved that fault in recent model , however .
 I thought this would be a good light but couldnt believe that it was as bright as a D cell flashlight . It 's not it is brighter this is the best flashlight i have used hands down . Well worth the money
 This is the lowest priced Surefire light available . At an MSRP of about $ 35 , it probably also represents the highest value in the industry . If the rest of the Surefire model line is out of your price range , the G2 Nitrolon is a great solution . If you can afford the higher priced lights , buying two or three of these instead may still be a better idea . Rugged , compact , weather-proof , and extremely bright . Why someone would purchase a Mag-Lite instead is beyond me .
 It 's outdated technology , it 's plastic , bulb assemblies are expensive , battery life is short -LRB- 1 Hour-ish -RRB- . But this light is wonderful , and the so called negatives are actually positives and basically just the nature of the incandescent beast.If you do n't need a lot of runtime , and you absolutely love the colour rendition of incandescent bulbs , and the stunning beam quality that goes hand in hand with Surefire , then the G2 , -LRB- or maybe G3 -RRB- is just the light for you . I prefer the G series over its aluminium brethren due to the fact that in the cold , Nitrolon will NOT freeze your hands , and when it becomes scratched , underneath the surface is still black -LRB- or whatever colour light you get -RRB- , where as aluminium the scratches show up alot more.Do your self a favour and just buy this dang light !
 Recently , bought a new tractor and needed a rear work light . These lights seemed to be exactly what I needed . So , I ordered two of them and have been impressed with their look and quality . They are now mounted and wired ... work great and look great !
 I am glad I got these special couplers from Milton , no more whipping hoses around the shop and a lot easier to connect also , I just hope they are long lasting , that will make it all the better .
 I purchased this switch as a replacement for the original which lasted 6 years . It 's great for an unsecure gate opening , that is anyone can enter by pushing the button .
 Great Add-On Push Button Control for the Wonderful Mighty Mule Gate Opener!It was simple to install with easily-understood instructions , and makes opening our gate very easy for guests who do not have the remote control openers that the family all keep handy .
 This was a great product and just as described . I received this item right own , time and it was used just as they described . .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Its the same Button controlin mighty mules package . Very simple to install yourself , well worth the money even with shipping .
 Shipped fast and product was as promised - Works great and I 've had no proplem with this quality product
 This is really nice if you do n't want everyone to knowyour combination or secret key pad number . This singlebutton is very reasonable in price and easy to install . Simple ... just how we like it !
 I have been looking for an oil rubbed bronze high pressure shower head for 7 months and this is the closest I have found . It is not the same as the $ 3 military shower heads found at the chain stores but it works well and has the added benefit of offering the oil rubbed bronze finish that matches existing fixtures.PROs
 It 's totally fine . I like the nite lite feature . But unlike our previous version , this must be clicked to turn off , versus a smooth glide . Not really any big deal . Easy to install . Works as intended .
 I bought this after breaking a second knob on rotary-dimming , push-to-toggle 3-way Levitron switches.In retrospect , it seems obvious a single toggle will dim going in only one direction , depending on the setting of the other 3-way-switch in the circuit.Rated only for incandescent , but also works with dimmable CFLs .
 The hoses came ready to be hooked up and appeared durable . I 've used them already a handful of times without problem at my repair shop . I believe they will last many years .
 New in package looks to be good quality hose . Have not had a chance to use the new hose yet so no report on preformance .
 The ladder 's rungs are pretty thin , so if you plan to stand on the ladder for any length of time you 'll want this platform . It also works great as a workspace for paint cans and the like . The platform is easy to attach and fairly lightweight , especially considering the amount of weight it holds.This is a what-you-see-is-what-you-get product . Nothing to be afraid of or worried about here . All in all , if you own a Werner ladder , this is a must-have !
 I have n't had a chance to use it often but when I do it works well . It takes some getting used to on how to navigate around it on the ladder . I 'm not sure how often I 'll use it but I 'm glad I have it .
 Allows ease of moving on the Werner ladder while carrying heavy items , painting of just general home maintenance . Highly recommend for all Werner ladder users .
 I bought this instead of the more seemingly much more common in-line fuse holders of the ATO style because my Japanese car uses the Mini/ATM style and I wanted to keep all my fuses the same type.That being said , I bought this from Amazon -LRB- so I could take advantage of Prime two-day shipping -RRB- and it arrived not in a retail package , but in a plastic bag . I prefer the plastic bag simply because it negates having to tear apart some annoying blister pack.anyways , the build quality on this is great . the rubber cap is basically `` keychained '' onto one of the leads , which will prevent you from losing it in all likelihood . The wire also seems to be of great quality . If your application needs flexible wiring , then this product may not be for you , as the wires are , as previously mentioned , stiff . Although , to their credit , if you bend them a particular way they will likely stay that way , at least mine does.Works great and functions great , 5 stars .
 Bussman has long been a top supplier . This fuse holder was just what I needed , and should last as long as my car , or longer .
 It 's a fuse holder and does what it 's supposed to do . Overpriced in my humble opinion . Wally world has the capless ones for less than $ 2 .
 Used these under hood of my Jeep while adding in a few accessory lines to the rear of the cab . They have been dunked and covered with mud , but not had anything get inside where the fuse is.I did give it a good shot of dielectric grease beforehand , as I do with everything electrical in my vehicles.http : / / www.amazon.com/Permatex-22058-Dielectric-Tune-up-Grease/dp/B000AL8VD2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1335097931&sr;=8-1
 holds fuses securely and in a water resistant case . I used this on my 2012 Ram durring a remote start install to replace the cheap non mini fuse holders included with the remote start kit .
 Added some lights into a vehicle and added this fuse inline to connect power in case of short better to burn a fuse up than your vehicle Safety First . I ordered more for other installations will order these again .
 This is a good quality fuse holder . The cover is actually attached by a tether so the picture is wrong .
 easy to useits nice that it has a protective cap . It can go all the way up to 30amp which is great .
 it 's a mini fuse holder . waterproof , good quality . very happy with my mini fuse holder . i used it for an ooga horn and slipped it under my hood , the heat hasn ; t done anything to it .
 Have not had a chance to use it yet so I ca n't rate it 's performance.Was not to happy when I read the directions saying it does notprotect you from automotive finishes seeing how that is exactlywhat I bought it for
 Great price for an easy to use hose end sprayer . Because you do n't need to premix your solution , there is no waste . Just set the dial and it will use what is necessary and any unused product can be saved for another time . Good quality plastic and thumb flow control .
 The sprayer was easy to use and had many selections for amount to be mixed with water . Very pleased to have bought it and would recommend it to anyone .
 Does exactly what I bought it for , spraying liquid fertilizer on my plants and small front yard .
 I Am Not sure what higher price sprayers have over this without getting In to the powered pressure washers . This sprayer has adjustable mixture and adjustable nozzle . I recommend If You have super high Water pressure which some Water companies use to make money on busted Water lines then keep the valve on this open and use a brass valve on this sprayer . I bought this to wash My cloths put 5 cups of Tide with bleach fill with hot Water stir or shake set sprayer at 9 table spoons , Insert screws Into a sheet of plywood put caps over the screws , hang clothes on screws , It works just fine .
 I use it to treat my lawn and its a good tool . just wish it had a handle .
 I already owned this sprayer which had lasted for years and years so I wanted to replace it with the same kind . Service was excellent . Price was right . Excellent transaction .
 I have two of these and love them . So nice not to have to premix chemicals and put them in a pump sprayer.Great for spraying chemicals on lawn . I also put straight bleach in the tank and spray in at the hightest mix rate to get rid of mold and mildew on the side of my house.ONly wish they made a smaller resivoir to use when i am only spraying a small area .
 I 've had several of these things and this one so far is better than all the others . It has an adjustment so you can go from a spray to a stream which is very helpful in dosing properly and getting coverage . The dial on the top means you do n't have to mix the plant medicine with water , but just dial the dilution factor . The straw in the plastic jar has a small filter so as to catch clogs . The part that attaches to the hose is also easier to use . I would n't leave any solution in the jar when you are finished because it may dry out .
 This is a handy item for use around the outside since it has a wide range of adjustment for use with concentrated chemicals . It seems to work fine with all the concentrated liquid chemicals that we use . Be sure to rinse it out after each use though -LRB- run water through it -RRB- . It does n't do too well with the thicker chemicals at low mix rates , but I 'd guess that all the sprayers of this type that are available have that same limitation -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- . I 'd recommend it .
 This is for liquid fertilizers and pesticides sold pre-mixed . Easy to use with these liquid solutions ... just fill the container and set a dilution rate on the sprayer 's black dial . I 've been using the sprayer with VF-11 fertilizer in my small home greenhouse for my orchid collection .
 Product worked just as specified . Made.for liquid fertilizer . I bought it to trace a miracle gro one that I had because i had extra bags of the granular miracle gro left . So.we had to liquify it first no big deal . But that 's why 4 stars . I think it should do both granular and liquid .
 I had this sprayer before and the problem was when you tipped it over the solution would leak out . For example , if you 're using blue-colored copper solution to get rid of bugs or fungus , the blue can spill and stain concrete . My unit only lasts a few years then starts to leak . I 'm about to order a new one since it 's probably the only brand that even lasts 2 years and does a good spray job . The Ortho-brand sprayer is worthless and cracks within a few months when you 're using it .
 I bought this product for something other than its intended use - to apply Miracle Grow in its granular form . The little device works well enough considering it was n't designed for the job . Of the four different options for spray pattern , none of them combine the distance and volume I want . I suspect this product is great for applying liquid concentrate to small gardens or potted plants .
 Used once and met expectations . Good value for the price . Went about 15 ' into the air up a tree to spray for box elder bugs . No issues . Would buy again .
 We purchased this sink sight unseen -LRB- other than pictures -RRB- . We are very pleased with how it turned out . The quality is very high and the sound dampners work very well . I would recommend to anyone .
 Used the contraption immediately when something fell into the toilet bowl that should not have - on a Sunday , of course , when one does not want to bother any one in or outside of maintenance in an apartment building . Very simple to use , sufficiently stable for the purpose , and unscrewing and tightening the thumb screw is child 's play . Very happy to have bought it .
 I was able to find the exact item I wanted at a good price and reasonable shipping AND I received the items in a very timely manner.I am very pleased with my experience .
 The tires installed easy and work great so far . The ony problem I have with the whole deal is Your ad said each so I ordered 2 each and got 2 sets . It was a good price so I 'll keep the second set but it would have been nice to know that they came in sets .
 The stand is sturdy . And the S shaped design allows the towels to be completly open for drying without taking too much space . The satin nickel finish looks good . Assembly was quick and easy . Overall serves the purpose very well .
 We moved into a home with no towel racks in three bathrooms . I had already purchased another standing towel rack from ROSS that was much too short . Returned it . Then I was ready to order one online from Bed/Bath that was very expensive . After I read the reviews for the Gatco , I ordered one in Satin Nickel . It is solid , well-finished , and plenty tall enough for our generous towels . After a few days , I ordered three more ! Two are standing in one bathroom that has all-tiled walls and no towel racks . They take up less room than you would imagine . Another is in a large bathroom where there is one decorative towel rack far from the shower . The last one , in bronze , will be in the guest bedroom , matching that furniture , so that guests do not have to mix their towels with others in the bathroom they will be using . The finish on the three Satin Nickels are great . I hestitated about the Chrome after reading one poor review about it . Am still waiting to see the Bronze finish . Solid , tall and priced right ! I could not find them in my home centers that sold other Gatco products .
 Hesitant to order because it looked a bit flimsy , was n't sure if it could hold up 2 full size towels . Received it last night , easy to put together , heavy and strong base keeps it in place and prevents tilting . At a good height , not too tall or too short . Nice bronze color to match our decor . Would definitely recommend it . Would definitely buy it again .
 The Gatco 1504 floor standing towel holder was exactly what we needed . In the home we are renting , there were no towel racks for large bath towels , and due to shower/tub/surround arrangements , there was no wall space to install a towel rack . The new Gatco holder allows us to hang our towels after use so that they can dry adequately .
 Perfect towel rack for the modern bathroom ! Designers of modern bathrooms made them great for use and function , there just is n't a good , convenient place for towel bars . This rack works great for us .
 This stand fit right into the decorum of the remodeled bathroom . We are pleased with it . I put some felt stick pads on the bottom so it would not have any change of scratching the tiles .
 I 'm 5 ' 1 and this comes up to a little above my waist , so it 's not very tall . I have extra large , turkish towels and it holds them without wobblying.If this were JUST a little taller my towels would never touch the ground . If I hang my towels in just the right way I can get them to slightly hover over the ground . It 's fine , I keep my floors clean.What they do well is they provide a decent amount of space between the two rungs so two big towels can hang together and not touch . WHICH means they air dry better . If you let your bathroom air out and only use the towel once a day you 'll get a dry towel for the next day.Overall this is a pretty good product . A slightly taller rack would have made this perfect for extra large , plush towels .
 Just moved into new home and did n't want to attach towel rack to wall . This was the perfect solution . Pleasantly surprised that rack was easy to assemble , sturdy and attractive .
 Easy to assemble , can accomodate large bath towels , fits in with contemporary bathroom decore . Not much else to say as the 5 star rating says it all .
 The Gatco Floor Standing S-style towel holder was the answer to our problem of limited space for hanging towels in our extra bath . There was not adequate wall space for a traditional towel rack , so we utilized floor space right by the shower for this towel holder . It holds two regular sized bath towels neatly , without having to bunch them . It is heavy enough to ensure it wo n't tip over , and has a rubberized bottom so that it wo n't scratch our tiles . The finish of satin nickel is high quality . This is a great product !
 When the bathtowel stand arrived we were very happy . We had searched many retail stores and could not find one . I put it together in a few minutes without having to search for instructions . My wife was amazed , she will be the first to testify that I am not very handy . It is very solid and the finish is excellant . I was very impressed and pleased by the fast delivery . I recently bought another one as a gift for my son and duaghter-in-law in the chrome finish .
 Yep , this worked out great . The base is heavy enough that the towels do n't pull it down . The finish looked good . Overall , a great product at a good price .
 Product is exactly what we were looking for , works great and has n't tipped over yet , heavy , strudy base and tall enough for large towels to hand and not touch the floor !
 I purchased this stand alone towel rack to use in my bathroom that has unframed glass shower doors and no wall towel bar . It is perfect as it easily holds two large bath towels , is quite sturdy and heavy , and is good looking . I highly recommend the product .
 I purchased this towel holder for the master bath where we have two users and one towel bar . It easily fits a set of bath , hand and washcloth , or could be used for two bath towels . It requires simple assembly . The base is heavy and it feels solid . I 'd definitely buy it again .
 I just assembled this tonight and while it looks great and is very solid and has a good weight to it , I had to downgrade it a star due to a stupid design flaw where you screw the two poles together . This should have taken 30 seconds , but because the threads on the inside of the pole are not deep enough , it took me about 15 minutes of screwing and rescrewing to get the top pole to be aligned straight with the bottom pole . I also think it is still way overpriced for what it is , and almost took off another star , but because there is not much in a nickel finish to compete with it , I decided to be generous .
 I recently moved into an apartment . The bathroom had only one towel rack . I needed another . I could not install one because of restrictions so I ordered the free standing Gatco . It arrived promptly and was easily assembled . The rack is brass and closely matches the door hardware , The overall appearance is good and I 've had nice comments , It works as intended . I would recommend it .
 I just completed a bathroom redo and was looking for a more modern approach to hang some towels rather than the usual wall racks . This holder was the solution to everything I was looking for . It is not only well constructed and sturdy , but the finish -LRB- polished chrome -RRB- is beautiful and the towels look amazing on it . I 'm so glad I went with this product . There were so many out there to choose from however all the ones that I saw in the stores were lightweight and appeared cheap . I was reluctant to purchase online without seeing the product but so glad I took the chance .
 We were tired of having towel racks pull from the wall because we could not place them on studs to better secure , so when we remodeled our guest bath we took down the old towel bars and got a freestanding one . This is easy to clean and after 2 years still maintains its shine with nothing more than a wipedown . The base is heavy enough it wo n't tip over and light enough to move it around .
 This tub was made well ! Very sturdy unlike some that we saw in stores . Came in a packing crate no damage at all . I would buy this tub again , and the price was excellent
 Mis queridos amigos . Era un dolor de cabeza en mi apartamento tratar de que las toallas lucieran bien y secaran debidamente . Pues bien , eso se termin&oacute; cuando encontr&eacute; este producto . Definitivamente muy &uacute;til . Buena calidad . Era lo que tanto buscaba . Lo recomiendo enormemente !
 I ordered this floor towel holder for our newly remodeled bathroom . We had no wall space for hanging towels and decided to give this holder a try . This towel holder has a large base , rubber feet , and is very sturdy . The rack holds 2 large bath towels and I do n't have to worry about it tipping over . It is very well made . The nickel finish complements our hardware and fixtures . I would definitely recommend this towel holder .
 In a bathroom without a towel rack on the wall , this stand has been great . The base is very sturdy and heavy . It looks good , and holds a full size bath towel with no problems . It also , quite frankly , looks better than most bars sticking off of walls .
 Some of my friends tried to buy something similar at a local bath shop and were appalled by the price . I showed them mine , and they bought the same thing and could n't be happier . It 's sturdy and attractive .
 The produce was exactly as specified . The weight and appearance were perfect for my bathroom that had no room for wall hung towels .
 Not pricey and great quality . Sturdy . Heavy duty support disk -LRB- floor mount -RRB- . Nothing flimsy about this item . Compact yet plenty of room for towels to dry well .
 Exactly what we needed . Good quality - sturdy and heavy enough to not fall over . Really great product for bathroom with limited towel racks far from shower . When we do n't want this out , we can put it in a bedroom out of the way , but looks nice enough to leave out for guests .
 I searched for this and finally ordered it even though it was a little more than I wanted to spend . So glad I ordered it . It is heavy enough that you can have a towel only on one side and it does n't lean , also it is n't top heavy -LRB- so I do n't worry about my 2 year old pulling it over on herself -RRB- , but I can still easily move it around the bathroom when I want to . It is pretty , easy to assemble , and will probably last for a long time .
 I thought this towal stand was a good value -LRB- nice weight , good finish -RRB- . It was super simple to put together . Matches the other hardware in my bathroom perfectly . Is a great height for two bath towels . It really maximizes the space in my small bathroom .
 I read the reviews and still had my doubts about this towel rack . It does exactly what it is made to do ... hold 2 large towels . I folded my large towels in half and placed them on the rack . It stands nicely , does not take up too much space , can be moved from one location to another and I love it ! Perfect for small spaces and apartments that do not allow things on the walls .
 We purchased this towel holder for the master bath where we have two users and one towel bar . It easily fits a set of bath , hand and washcloth , or could be used for two bath towels . It requires simple assembly but has stayed together without loosening since assembly 2 months ago . The base is heavy and it feels solid . It fits well in a corner . I 'd definitely buy it again .
 Who designs bathrooms ??? People who do n't need a towel when they step out of the shower , that 's who ! My wall-mounted towel holder is on the opposite side of the bathroom from my shower . I looked in stores for weeks -LRB- Bed , Bath & Beyond , Penneys , etc. -RRB- but could n't find a decent free-standing towel holder . They were all too fancy and/or too expensive . Then I remembered what an Amazon-addict I am and went searching for a towel holder . When I saw this one and read the reviews , I promptly placed my order . What a fabulous add to my bathroom ! It holds my bath towel perfectly without touching the floor . I use the larger bath towels -LRB- not the big body towels though -RRB- and it works great . This towel holder is both functional and good-looking . Very easy to assemble . Two thumbs way up !
 It was perfect for what I needed ! An area with with no wall to hang towels on . It is sturdy , and looks high quality . Easy to put together . I had no wobbling , like some other reviews suggested .
 This towel holder is the perfect free standing towel holder with room for two towels -LRB- folded in half -RRB- and two folded wash clothes . I plan to use it in my small bathroom , especially when I have over-night guests . The nicely weighted bottom stand is 10 '' diameter . On the top , the length from tip to tip is about 18 '' and the top width is 10 '' . Height is perfect for towels that are standard bath towels of 50 '' long . Box says height of stand is 39 '' . I have the chrome finish and it is beautiful and shouts `` quality . `` I would give this item 10 stars !
 I had searched for something suitable to hang my towels on that did n't take up a lot of space and looked nice too . I knew this would be perfect , and I was right . I chose the brass , which I really love . It was very easy to put together and tall enough for my bath towel and hand towels . It is n't too heavy to move , yet it is very sturdy , and does n't tip over . The measurements are 37 '' high by 14 '' wide . The stand is 10 '' in diameter . I 'm glad I chose the brass , it looks fabulous and very classy , I would buy it again , it is definitely worth every penny , and compements my new bathroom .
 Great price for the item ; best I found on the internet . Only problem is the base of the stand was dented ; manufacture defect . Too much of a hassle to return it for another .
 Good finish , Excellent weight . When I tried to find one on-line last year , I gave up and made a prototype out of a floor lamp . This is beautiful and better than my invention by far .
 This product arrived promptly and was just what I needed . We did n't have a towel holder close to the shower . This works perfectly , holds large towels and is very sturdy .
 The tower holder is the right height the `` arms '' are set wide for easy access when hanging or retrieving the towels . The stand is of good quality and a very attractive set up for our bathroomThanks !
 Our rental apartment had only one small towel rack . After an extensive search at retail stores and on line this product popped up.Excellent quality , good looking , practical , and easily to assemble the three pieces . Heavy base prevents tipping . Fits unobtrusively besides tub/shower . Highly recommended .
 After looking at MANY stand alone towel racks , I was hesitant about this one because of how inexpensive it was . The previous reviews convinced me to buy it and I 'm so glad I did . It is a very sturdy , high quality towel rack . Unbelievably inexpensive !
 I was skeptical until I read the reviews , but this was exactly what I needed . My bathroom has no bars , or room for any wall racks , so this stand is perfect . Very weighty and strong . Holds two bath sized towels with no problems . I would totally recommend it !
 this item is sturdy , beautiful and very functional . it 's a great addition to our bathroom , easily holding 2 + bath towels .
 I am very pleased with this item . It is sturdy and nice looking . It was very easy to put together . It is spread apart enough so that 2 towels can dry completely .
 Easy to assemble . The towel rack is tall enough to hold a bath towel and wide enough if it folded in half . It has a nice modern appearance and is sturdy .
 Excellent product -- easy to assembly , beautiful and elegant when it is assembled , perfect for a standing towel rack . So wonderful that I bought two . Great product !
 This towel holder is great for hanging wet towels to dry . It looks high-end and works very well . Our only issue is that it could be a few inches taller , but it is not so short as to really be a detriment . If you have limited wall space for towel holders , this is a very good option .
 The perfect solution to the lack of space in a ' 70 's bathroom . We remodeled and opened it up with a pedestal sink and I wanted to keep it looking larger . When not in use it fits behind the door . I no longer have a cluttered bathroom , AND my husband no longer leaves the towel on the floor after showering .
 Product arrived quickly and was as advertised . Finish is beautiful nickle satin . Rack is sturdy and well made . Easily assembled . 5 star !
 Love this towel holder ! Very easy to assemble , looks elegant and does the job . It holds two large bath towels and they dry well due to the configuration.My only negative comment is that the rod tends to loosen with use so you have to twist to tighten it again . I would still readily recommend this towel holder and would buy it again .
 Out bathroom was pretty small and only had a single tower holder on the wall . Unfortunately , our apartment complex does not allow us to install a second wall towel rack , so we had to get a standing one . I was afraid this standing tower holder might be too big , but it fits perfectly . The base has a 10 '' diameter and is heavy enough for two towels . The product quality is very good for the price and the height is perfect -LRB- about waist height - 3 feet -RRB- .
 This solved my problem . A weighted base prevents tipping over . Holds two large bath towels , but you will have to fold them in half . No instructions but you can figure it out . It ai n't rocket science . I previously had no towel rack and could n't install one on the wall near my shower . I felt like it is a little overpriced for what your getting but I needed it sooooooo ...
 I got this because we have a tiny bathroom with inadequate hanging space for big bath sheets . We 'd previously bought a similar-looking stand for another place and this one seemed like a safe bet . In fact , this Gatco one had a characteristic that turned out to be really handy
 Great high quality towel stand . Arrived quickly and was easy to assemble . We recently painted a bathroom and did not want to put a bunch of new holes in the wall so we went with a towel stand rather than a wall mounted towel bar . Very sturdy , we put 2 extra long bath towels in it and it holds them without a problem . This looks very classy and costs less on Amazon than the ones I found at retail bathroom shops.Gatco 1505 Floor Standing S Style Towel Holder , Chrome
 I like the clean and simple design . It is next to the shower door for easy access to a towel . We use it every day .
 We have been looking for a stand alone towel rack and finally settled on this one . It was easy to put together and looks nice . The main thing is it holds two oversized towels without having them touch the floor . Will order another for up coming family visit of 7 this summer .
 The was perfect for our small basement bathroom as it 's footprint is small . It is tall enough to hang full size towels . The finish was lovely and the base is sturdy . The design is such that it does not tip over even with only one damp , heavy towel . It was approved by my sons ' as not being to `` girly '' . Very nice product .
 I received the merchandise promptly in good condition.Why am I being queried twice about this purchase ??? This is the second review that I 've done on this item.Fix your database !
 I purchased these for a 14 '' Jet . They shipped quickly , installed easily and my saw runs much more smoothly . The old tires had accumulated a number of dings during the last decade , but I always hesitated replacing them because of the cost . Fortunately these high quality urethane tires cost about half that of competing brands . The new tires fit perfectly and installed in just a few minutes . Because they are urathane , they do not need to be crowned like the old rubber tires . I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the old Jet tires came off without a bit of trouble , and was amazed at what a difference the new tires made . Once installed , all the excess vibration that I had become accustomed to disappeared . The saw ran as smoothly as it did when it was brand new . Considering the cost compared to the improved performance I would recommend these tires without hesitation . -LRB- assumng you actually need new tires -RRB- Here are a few tips to make installation easier . First run the water so it is hot but not so hot you can not keep you hand in it . Fill a container with enough water to cover both tires . Do not over heat the tires . While the tires are warming up , remove both wheels . Remember that the bottom wheel is normally attached with a reverse thread bolt . Notice or mark the side of the wheel that points toward the outside . Next , remove the old tires . I have an old awl with the top one inch of the tip bent at a slight angle . That helped me get the old tire off the rim easily . Take the time to make sure there are no deposits of any sort on the wheel . Pay special attention to the rims . Now , set the first new tire over the bottom rim of the wheel and place the bottom third of the wheel in a bench vise taking care not to catch the tire between the jaws and the wheel . Now that the wheel is nice and secure , you can easily work the tire up about two thirds the ways around the wheel . For the last third slip the awl or any smooth round rod between the tire and the rim and stretch the tire the last bit of the way onto the wheel . Do not remove the awl yet . While it is between the tire and the wheel draw it around the wheel two or three times to distribute the tension on the tire evenly around the entire wheel . Remove the rod , repeat on the second wheel ; reinstall the wheels and your done .
