 While the movie is great , the DVD version looks as if they copied it from a 10 year old film print including ALL the scratches , scuffs , etc. it accumulated as it made it 's way through the movie theaters . The sudio should be ASHAMED to have put out such a low-quality product ! I gave it a 2-star rating ONLY because I like the story ... as far as video quality , I 've seen many better quality VHS home videos .
 I received the 5-disc BR collector 's edition set as a 2009 Christmas gift . Disc 1 , labeled as `` The Final Cut '' was in fact , the Workprint disc - the Final Cut disc was entirely omitted from the set ! Due to numerous reports on Amazon and in other forums , it makes me think that this error must affect thousands of units but only a few of the purchases are returned either due to consumer ignorance or laziness . This same manufacturing error has been reported since the release of the collector 's edition and it is still not corrected - I suppose it is cheaper to replace a few discs for those who take the time to complain than to recall the faulty lot of sets with possible errors .
 It is very unclear from the description that this is the so called director 's cut , which is much different than the original theatrical release . In fact , no where does it explicitly say that 's what it is.Please make this more clear ! People should know what they are getting here .
 I still cant understand why people have such a problem with the original version of this film -- I actually prefer watching it with the voice over . I am not saying the directors cut is bad -- quite the contrary -- its still an excellent film . However having both versions of this title would be a big plus . To the would-be buyer -- I would hold out until the studio releases the definitive Blade Runner pack -- including both the studios release and the directors cut - THEN decide which one you prefer .
 1 * is rating this as an Item recieved not the quality or content of the Movie!This was bought as a gift for my husband who is a big fan of the film so should have been the perfect gift . The main issue was the double copy of the work print as many others have said in review but as we are UK resident replacing the disk is taking time though Warners in the UK say they are sorting this out for him . There where also issue with poor packing of the item resulting in a broken case but obviously thats an issue to be sorted out with Amazon . He has yet to see the final cut but has watched all the alternate versions and no doubt when he gets a copy of the final cut he will be on cloud 9 , as so many say the blu ray Final cut is stunning . Till then he says he will `` dream of electric sheep '' and hopes no one finds him out !
 Stay away from this piece of garbage ; try the original version if available .
 The packaging for this version should have large red letters across the front
 put the original version on dvd with harrison fords commentary . it 's part of the movie . it 's great . all you hear is dead silence on the directors cut . i guess we have no choice .
 I wish I had heard about the versions coming out in 2007 before spending a dime on this one . The picture is no better than before and the sound may actually be worse . I hope this film gets the velvet-glove treatment it deserves . It stands out as one of the greatest science fiction films ever - not a space opera like Star Wars or Trek , or cheesy alien monster-of-the-month gore-fest , but true , brilliant , thought provoking sci-fi . There are all too few films like this one . Treat it with the respect it deserves .
 I 'll stick with my 25th anniversary 5 disc set that has the same content without lenticular thingies and toys . Nothing game-changing about the actual content here and seems like nothing more than to capitalize on us Blade Runner fanatics.Sorry , WB ... This fanatic ai n't buying.I bought this film twice on VHS -LRB- pan/scan then widescreen -RRB- , on laser disc , twice on DVD -LRB- original release , then four-disc DVD -RRB- and finally got the blu-ray when I got a player . Until Blu Ray becomes obsolete , I 'll cherish the five disc version as the best release.Waiting now for next year to mark the 40th anniversary of The Exorcist . Ten bucks says they do the same thing to the already excellent Blu Ray book release from 2010 .
 The voice-over made the original movie comprehensible . It also imparted the film noir atmosphere of old black-and-white movies . Without Harrison Ford 's voiceover , this movie is a mish mash of disconnected sequences . Nothing ties together . Get the original version on VHS if you can .
 Why oh why did they only distribute the director 's cut on DVD?It decidedly destroys the entire film noir aspect of the original film 's theater release . Without the narrative insight delivered by Harrison Ford 's character , this version falls flat . Boring.I 'd always thought Ridley Scott was brilliant but I question his choices -LRB- and taste -RRB- on this release version . I guess it 's a good thing the studio intervened on the theater release.I was fooled into buying this director 's cut version having no idea it had been so altered , thinking it was the same movie with extra scenes . Hah . Now I treasure my old 1982 VHS version and hope I can preserve it for future enjoyment.The DVD director 's cut is worthless to me - except maybe as a coaster .
 I did n't have time to look through the several hundred reviews to see who else noticed the blatant mistakes in this cut of Bladerunner . So I apologize if this is a reiteration but I believe that this subject warrents a fresh review.Like I said there are editing mistakes in this film , at least two really horrible ones . Ridley Scott was quoted at saying he did a quick edit for this dvd release and has plans to do a better job for a more complete -LRB- one would presume special edition -RRB- release.I too bought this , drooling in anticipation of the director 's cut of one of my most beloved films . While I do believe that the lack of narration improves the film -LRB- although this never really bothered me all that much , perhaps because my first several viewings were when I was a kid -RRB- , the bad editing means you should wait for a better DVD release .
 Have you seen this ? It looks HORRIBLE . I have nothing against windowboxing , but here it is rather severe . Not only that , but the image quality is VERY grainy.I 've heard a new edition is finally forthcoming . If Warner Bros. has a brain among them they will issue this with BOTH original theatrical AND `` Director 's '' cuts . Commentaries , isolated music scores are also musts .
 I watched this movie about a month ago . I thought it was really slow at getting to the plot and it drug out between the action . I think it could have been an excellent movie if it would have got my attention faster . It was worth seeing Harrison Ford in an early movie but that was basically it .
 Blade Runner has gotten so much praise since its debut in 1982 , and when it was released then , it was a box office disaster . Many years later , it has become a cult favorite , and I can see why , but , I believe its only going to appeal to a `` certain type of audience '' The movie looks fantasic , and the visuals are well done for a film from the early 80 's . The flim doesnt use action as its key , but tons of dialogue and there a tons of hidden meanings in the film -LRB- which I had to look up -RRB- which at times make it confusing and a bit to over-whelming for a sci-fi movie . This will appeal to certain types , but please dont think this is a sci-fi action film , because it isnt . The first 50 minutes have no action , and the movie as a whole is just to dark and to over-complex for someone like myself who is only an average sci-fi fan . This was my first viewing of the film , so I decided on the directors cut , which I dont know if this might have made things more confusing for me , since I have read there is a big difference between the DC and the theatrical version . I also hear there are many different cuts of the film . I still appricate somethings that are done here , and that is why I give the film credit . This is the first time that I have praised a film so much that I hated -LRB- well most of it -RRB- This isnt some piece of trash , -LRB- once again why I couldnt give it one star -RRB- it has been praised by many film critics , but once again , there was nothing in this that tickled my fancy . Be warned that this is a complex movie you are getting yourself into , U might love it , but I think for an average fan of sci-fi with an over-complex plot , it is only a C - . For those that are really into deep thinking movies espcially SCI-Fi , then you will probely think its an A + Masterpiece .
 As others here have said , why just the director 's cut ? Where is the original with the voice over ? I like them both , but prefer the voice over version . Why has n't the original with voice over come out on DVD ? Why not put both versions on this one ? For that reason alone this DVD gets 1 star . Which is sad , because this is definitely a 4 or 5 star movie .
 I generally love Ridley Scott 's work and the original theatrical release of Blade Runner is by far the more emotionally evocative of the two versions . My only hope of buying a DVD of this movie is if they bring out an Ultimate Edition that includes both versions ... Until the Ultimate Edition is released , I 'll hold on tight to my VHS copy of the original . There is hope that this may happen since Ridley Scott 's Legend Ultimate Edition has been released . This disk includes both the original release and a director 's cut . This would make sense for the studio since those people that bought the stripped-down sterile director 's cut would also buy the new disk ... You know , if I could watch and compare both versions , I might start to appreciate some of -LSB- the -RSB- critique . Who knows ?
 The original release with the voiceover at least made this movie interesting . Without it I am sad to say it is just a slow moving peice of eyecandy . The voiceover though hotly debated was one of the main ingredients that gave this film it 's Noir feel.Also by trying to add to the additional idea that Deckard could be a replicant totally killed whatever effect had been built up throughout the movie.The short story was much better ... The DVD itself is subpar and has no extra 's of note .
 Sorry Ridley , but that is the fact . The words directors cut are 100 % correct ; the theatrical release was 122 minutes and the directors cut is 117 minutes . First of all is this verison 5.1 ? If so I do n't see it . What a waste . This -LSB- expensive -RSB- verison is the same piece of junk dvd that I have left on the store racks for the past 2 years . No 5.1 & no theatrical = No sale . Plus the theatrical is Much better . The directors cut reaks ! Hey ridley thanks but you can keep the stupid unicorn scene!Here is how much I loath this movie I consider Bladerunner to be one of the best Scifi every made I own over 400 dvds and I refuse to by anything but the theatical release .
 Never having seen the movie -LRB- or at least remembering it -RRB- , I bought the dvd because I hear of it being one of the great science fiction movies . The movie is slow without much plot and character development , and contains entirely too little action for a movie of it 's theme . The music I think is terrible - I wished someone would 've rescored the whole movie . The art direction is very good although some special effects are less than par -LRB- too often you see cars suspended from cables -RRB- . The dvd is about as bare as you can get , containing basically no extras - even the `` jump to a scene '' option only gives about 9 `` jumping in '' places , about every 3-6 chapters . It should at least have the theatrical trailer which is standard on nearly all dvds . I find the fact that the dvd contained both the standard and widescreen versions to be a plus though . Even if you like the movie , you will find much lacking from the dvd .
 The problem with the collection is that the disk labelled Final Cut is not the real Final cut . It is the workprint version of the film . Buy the real Final Cut and ignore this poor quality control from Warner 's Brothers .
 I do n't know how many time I heard from everyone how great this movie is . This movie is mentioned so many times every where and from everyone ... so I finally rented it last night . Ok ... . now , what is so great about this movie ?!! It nearly bored me to death ! I love movies and I 'm not that picky but this has got to be the worst sci fi movies I have ever seen -LRB- I 'm huge fan of sci fi and horror films by the way -RRB- , and talk about over hype ! I just ca n't see why so many people like it , my best friend almost fell asleep beside me , we were both very VERY disappointed . I like most of the movies from harrison ford but this one was bad .
 I received the instant video free since I purchased the blu-ray DVD for my son . Frankly I do n't know why he likes it . Maybe it is for the visual effects . I always like Harrison Ford films but this is definitely not one of his best .
 Since I only have this movie on the Criterion laser disc , I have been waiting for the International version to be released ever since DVDs first appeared . I have no interest in any other cuts , second thoughts or pandering to fashionistas . I was thrilled to read about the many digital ` fixes ' to both sound and picture that were supposed to be coming in the final versions to be released on DVD . Imagine my shock and surprise after purchasing this set when I discovered that I had been ripped off by Ridley Scott , Charles de Lauzirika et al in that the International version has not been improved one iota ! It is hardly better than the version on laser disc . The advertising was and is dishonest and misleading . If possible , I would have liked to buy just the one version that I first saw in 1982 and haved loved ever since but crass commercialism has obviously triumphed and I feel comprehensively ripped off.I have experienced only honesty and professionalism since I first began dealing with amazon well over fifteen years ago . I suggest that you should make it clear to potential purchaser 's of this package that they will only get an improved version of Ridley Scott 's current thinking which will not necessarily include an improved version of the movie they really expect and want . I have read Phillip Dick 's novel and none of the filmed releases adheres to his novel in any respect so I do not want to enter into any arguments as to which version is ` correct ' , I just love the version I first saw even though I did try to watch the first attempt at a Director 's cut and was unmoved by it .
 One of my favorite films , period , I have owned this film in every home video format since Beta - yes , I even own three laserdisc versions of it.This seems to be a simple repackaging of Warner 's AMAZING 2007 release - which should remain the final home video version until holographs become the next medium.Until then , I ask for special consideration that , as a token of appreciation to all who have been so devoted to BLADE RUNNER since 1982 by supporting all of its home video releases , please send me a copy of this in October if it an absolute must have !
 At the risk of receiving hundreds of threatening e-mails , I will go on record stating that Ridley Scott 's dystopian vision stands as one of the most unjustifiably praised films since the invention of sound . While technically marvelous and full of visual invention -LRB- it does use noir influences effectively -RRB- , the story drags on endlessly and the characters , especially Ford 's , remain aloof , uninteresting , and frustrating . As an exercise in style , it has undoubted appeal , but it must be heavily criticized at the screenplay level . When a story is in service to the visuals , it reflects a lack of confidence at the narrative level . I have never found Ford to be an appealing actor -LRB- he is far too bland to be a commanding leading man -RRB- , but at no other time has his character been so devoid of passion or insight .
 To the above statement I would have to say yes . If I were to go over every film made I 'd be hard pressed to find one that 's more overrated . Ok , the movie has cool special effects and music . I bought the soundtrack and can get the special effects jolt I need from Lord of the Rings or some other such vehicle . I have no idea why time and time again I see glowing reviews for this very unpleasant movie . There 's nothing compelling or likable that I can find in either the characters of the dialogue . Which version would I recommend of the original or the director 's ? Neither .
 This DVD was supposed to be encased in a steel box/case as pictured and promised ; not so . I did not have the time to undo the shipping required for refund or reorder due to this purchase being a birthday gift .
 I would guess that just about every film ever made has production flaws also known as `` goofs '' on the IMDB . Blade Runner is no exception . However as another reviewer had stated `` I thought is was a classic back in 1982 '' , I would strongly agree . The updated 25th version production crew did an excellent job regarding correcting the flaws , but it is a totally different film than the original 1982 version . This is my list of complaints
 First to say , I 'm a huge Blade Runner fan , but this has gone tooooooo far ! Director 's cut ? What the hell was Scott thinking ? I liked Harrison 's nariation and the `` Happy ending '' is good ! Not to mention that the original movie -LRB- when it came out on video -RRB- was `` Not rated '' but the DC is rated `` R '' ! Give back the orignal !
 Blade Runner is a textbook example of style over substance as its obsession with futureshock quickly underminds the movie . It 's obivious that Ridley Scott channeled the lion 's share of the money toward creating the dismal , urban sprawl of twenty-first century L.A. -- a backdrop that , while impressive , suffocates any character development . The few characters we 're introuduced to spout stilted , riddle-like dialogue that sounds like it came out of a famous quotations book . Harrison Ford , as ` blade runner ` Rick Decker , is supposed to be a throwback to the film noir anti-heroes of the 1940 's . But he lacks the charisma of Boggie and is n't given Raymond Chandler 's or James M. Cain 's snappy dialogue to work with . Instead , Ford looks as overwrought as the L.A. cityscape . The android heavies are an intersting lot , but serve mainly as cannon fodder . Sadly , the dearth of characters leaves us no one to root for or against . Some would argue that 's the whole point of Blade Runner . Even if it is , it could have been done better with more emphasis on character development and less on futuristic frills .
 You would think directors would stand behind their work to ensure that the movie original was uncut . Some of the finest parts at the end , including the epilogue , were removed . Beware !
 Okay , I 'll admit it , Blade Runner was n't a terrible movie , but it was n't a classic either . In fact it was actually a flop at the box office when it came out . Given the special effects are marvelous , and the acting is pretty good , but as far as the story goes , this movie really does n't have too much to offer . I mean , basically Harrison Ford just runs around and kills andriods that have escaped so they can be free ? What the heck , it sounds like he 's the bad guy to me , but yet the robots are supposed to be the villians . I just did n't think this movie was that great , so if you 're looking for a real Sci-Fi flick , go get The Thing or Terminator 2 .
 Okay , on its own merits this is an okay film , but the fact that it completely bastardizes Philip K. Dick 's wonderful Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? , the novel upon which it was based , more or less totally ruined it for me . Virtually all of the rich layers of reality , religious allegory , and * many * significant plot points were completely absent from the film . One of the main characters , Jack Isidore , was entirely eliminated , and the shared messianic experiences and electronic animals were also gone . Also , Rick was married in the novel.If you 're going to see this , you should definitely read the novel as well -- it 's a much richer experience.Neat-o special effects , though .
 Do n't be fooled by the word Dolby in the product description . If you look at the technical section you 'll find that although encoded for Dolby digital the audio is still only the original 2 channel stereo and only contains left-right tracks . This movie cries out for an audio remastering to at least 5.1 discreet . I ca n't vouch for the supposed transfer improvement since I already on the previous director 's cut and do n't need another one . If this is released in HD -LRB- whatever the format -RRB- without the addition of an audio remix it would be a travesty . And if anyone involved with the movie ever reads this stuff -LRB- doubtful -RRB- ... When the audio does get remix please no hack jobs . Upgrading to 5.1 is great only if the time is taken and the money spent to do it right . Better no 5.1 than one that sounds like it does n't go with the movie .
 I had to return this set and order a different type . when I got it , I found that it was Blu-ray and I do n't have that . I get frustrated with all the different types of the same DVD !
 I do n't get what all the fuss was about , this movie really was n't worth the time spent on it - even in Director 's Cut format . As a fan of Cyberpunk novels -LRB- Neuromancer , Snow Crash , etc. -RRB- , I have been told many times that I should see this movie . Now I have , and I must say I wish that I had n't . Movies like Strange Days , The Matrix , or even 5th Element are much better .
 First off I really love Sci-Fi movies and have tried to watch this 3 times now and have fallen asleep everytime . My god this movie was so boring it couldnt hold my interest . I loved Alien and the second one -LRB- Aliens -RRB- even more although I am well aware Ridley Scott did not direct that one . This movie is perfect in one respect and that sleep disorder clinics could definitely use it as a cure for insomnia . Now thats the perfect way to re - release a 20 year old movie for the umpeenth time .
 i do n't understand why this movie is regarded as a masterpiece ? i 've fallen asleep every time i have attempted to watch it . the story is boring . one man hunts down escaped prisoners . whopee . nothing we have n't seen in 40 other movies . the twist is that they are all robots . wow . the `` mystery '' of whether harrison ford is a replicant or not is not compelling . maybe it 's because harrison ford 's acting is so wooden and boring that i just assumed he 's been a robot his entire career . the only good thing about this movie is the production design . however even that gets boring and monotonous . everything is in the dark . how about a daylight scene to contrast it with all of the dark ? BORING SNOOZFEST . if you want a good ridley scott sci fi movie , rent ALIEN , even though that is really a horror movie . still , the characters are more interesting and the story more engaging than this over rated piece of crapola .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Ridley Scott in an overrated hack . Terrible score . Awful set design . Horrible script . Dull acting . Had the feel of a student film . I did n't like it at all . Just my opinion . Sorry if that offends some people . I purchased this movie based on Alien and the cult following it has . This is my opinion . Deal with it , nerds .
 First , a disclaimer . I am in no way related to the Tyrell Corporation that is in `` Blade Runner , '' but since the names are so similar , people are always asking me questions about it . Consequently , I 've become quite an expert on the movie over the years , but I am in no way affiliated with the movie . And thank Godness!This movie is a science fiction movie , but there are not any kind of cool laser fights or villainous aliens like you would expect in any movie from the genre . In fact , the plot revolves around Harrison Ford walking around and whispering in the rain and then ... oh wait a minute . That 's all that happens ! Oh , and Darryl Hannah does some backflips that are actually pretty cool . Other than that , though , this movie fails on most levels and especially I do n't like Rutger Howard.In the future , according to this movie , there are robots and evil people and somehow they are all outsmarting Harrison Ford . This is very hard to believe , because if you 've ever seen `` Presumed Innocent '' or `` Working Girl '' or `` Six Days , Seven Nights , '' then you know that it is very very tricky to outsmart Harrison Ford , especially when he is at the top of his game.If they decide to make a Blade Runner II -LRB- and I 'm sure they will -RRB- what they should do is give Harrison Ford a funny sidekick like Chris Tucker who says wisecracks while they are tracking down the robots . Then it would be a charming movie , instead of a depressing rainy mess , which is what this is . I 'm sure by the time we reach the year that this movie takes place -LRB- in the future -RRB- , there probably will be flying cars and such , but I would guess that at the very least we will have figured out a way to make it a little sunnier . Note to scientists
 Someone who knew I loved Blade Runner gave me a sealed dvd of the Director 's Cut . Guess what , its still in the package and will never be opened in my house . The original Theatrical Release is the one and only Blade Runner . You can not imagine how Harrison Ford 's narration adds depth to this movie . The Director 's Cut is such a let down and I 'm ca n't beleive Ripley Scott took it off the video versions . When will the Theatrical Cut be released ?
 Admittedly , I 'm a fan of the book ... The film , however , No . When they finally gave Ridley Scott the chance at a `` director 's cut '' edition he should have done the world a favor and put it through a shredder . The sets and special effects
 arrived timely , double sided vidio , one side -LRB- standard screen -RRB- locks up and skips , directors cut side plays clean . disk appears clean with few scratches , must be damaged in just the right place to cause issues .
 Given that this was the final cut , I would hate to see previous cuts . I was hoping for deep sci-fi but it was basically a bad action movie .
 Blade Runner starts out slow and dreary , and ends with a depressing killing spree , knee-deep in moral -LRB- and storytelling -RRB- ambiguity . The film depicts a society where value of human life is very low . The technical gimmick of this film is the use of made-to-order disposable human laborers -LRB- with built in expiration dates -RRB- . When there 's a sensitive or dangerous job to be done -- make a few slaves , give them the memories and training they need to do the job , and dump them in the recycle when the job is done . But what if they want more out of life ... or just a few more years of it ? This film is not exactly family viewing , and it 's too nasty to keep in my collection .
 I 've seen all the versions of this film and , for some reason , really want to like it . Unfortunately , most of the movie takes place in dark rooms , intended to symbolize , perhaps , a dark future but serves only to underscore the unreality of the film . Any real person going into any of the rooms in this film would open the drapes or turn on a light . It is like the technical director is about 14 years old.And it is slow , possibly so that we do n't miss the product placement.I know this is supposed to be noirish , but noir films always clip right along . This drones along with a David Lynch obscurity -LRB- again , think 14 year old -RRB- . I think if I were stoned as I watched it I might think it was deep . But , unfortunately , I was n't , so I just wish they 'd turn the lights on .
 My mother wanted to give me something special for Christmas this year so I suggested this DVD as this is my favorite movie . I had to order for her because she is a dinosaur but that 's okay , it 's the thought that counts . Unfortunately she was not impressed as the DVD has several glitches and I could not get the movie to run correctly . As I had just watched Love Actually a few days before I knew it was not my DVD player so it was a big disappointment for both of us and she is still a believer in the old ways .
 I totally agree with the person below me.I was sleeping at most scenes of the movie.This film its Freaking BORING!I do n't know why so many people love this film.The film its way out of date . The special effects look awful.The whole atmosphere of the film sucks big time.Everybody looks 1980ish type . I HATED that time period!The only part I liked was when Blondy was killing the guywith the glasses nearly at the end of the movie.That was pretty cool.The worst thing is that this dvd doesnt have any supplemental material!No special features!Anyway , go see ` Fifth Element ' or ` Equilibrium '
 i really did n't like this miovie . i though its sort of boring . it did n't make sense.why is this movie considered so great . its not really good .
 I bought it since critics rated it as the best science fiction ever . It 's hardly a science fiction , and the story is dull .
 Warner Bros. ! Please release Bladerunner in 5.1 Dolby and 2.0 Dolby surround . what 's the point of making a DVD if it 's not going to have the quality of a DVD ? That 's the whole reason in buying them .
 Ok . First , There is not a lot of content to this DVD . It would get a better rating if the directors 's cut also had the non director 's cut on the same DVD . Secound , The sound is not good . In other words you will not get good sound effects from your surround system . I got little sound out of my rear speakers which muffles the SS experience . This is a @ 9.99 DVD . Great Movie-Bad DVD
 I do n't know why people like the directors cut but having seen the first release in theaters with Harrison Fords Narration on it , to me makes more of a classic . Also , I have seen the Director 's Cut and to me the ending seems boring when Harrison Ford does n't expond on why he gets saved by the replicant . With out some of the other narration the movie seems vague on some points . I have been looking for the theater released version for awhile now . Can any one at this website help me find out if they might release the other version on vhs .
 This is a five star movie -- a classic , featured prominently in every film class I 've ever taken -- and my review score is downgraded only at the quality of the DVD , which is possibly the worst I 've ever seen . Picture quality is just fine , but sound , which is advertised on the box as Dolby Digital , is not . You 'll only get at most Pro Logic Surround with the right equipment off this disc , as it has n't been newly remastered for this release and Dolby Digital did n't exist when it was made.There are n't any new goodies on this DVD , and the generic interface/menu screens absolutely suck.You can argue that this is no big deal , but when you see the loving care that 's been put into the extras and menus of DVD 's like Alien and Aliens , and see how much it adds , you can compare and see what a terrible disservice has been done to this classic film . It does n't even come in a durable box -LRB- not many do , but the ones that do are appreciated -RRB- . Unfortunately , it 's the only game in town if you want to own this landmark work . It 's too bad that the studio wo n't remaster the sound and rerelease this DVD as it should be , with both Director 's Cut and Theatrical Release on the same disc , complete with proper menus and extras . THAT would get a five star review from me , without doubt .
 I 'm sorry this is one of my favourite movies of all time , but I bought the DVD and it is absolutely one of the worse transfers I have ever seen . The image actually wobbles back and forth like it was shot from a hand held camera . I would suggest waiting until Warner does a proper DVD release of this title . -LRB- FYI , I bought it from HMV a very reputable firm -RRB-
 Blade Runner , in either the original theatrical release OR the director 's cut , is one of the best SciFi movies ever made . And yes , the quality of the DVD is DREADFUL . BUT , INHD is showing an incredible print of the director 's cut in Hi Def with a real 5.1 surround soundtrack this month . If you have an HD Recorder , here 's where it earns its keep ! Until the definitive version comes out on DVD , if that ever happens , grab it in Hi Def off the air .
 No Extras , absolutely zero extras.Transfer from Film , one of the worst ever.After watching the original and the Directors cut 2 times each , I like the original better . It reveals more about the time , the place and mostly about Fords character . And that voice , HarrisonFord has a fantastic voice over voice . It 's like deleting the flame on the Statute of Liberty . If they ever issue a improved version , put both versions on the DVD and for heavens sake clean the picture up .
 I 'm on my 4th attempt to get a playable copy of this product . The first three times I received my order , the main wide-screen , original theatrical version of the film had scratched areas on the surface that made the disc unplayable . I did n't even bother to check the rest of the disks . The abrasions have to be occurring either in the manufacturing or packing process , because all of the disks in the set arrive properly seated in their case . Buyer beware !
 I am one of the unlucky shoppers who got a `` misprint '' . Disc one which should be the final cut is in fact a 2nd copy of disc 5 , the `` workprint '' . Based on some reviews of the final cut maybe I 'm not missing much , but it 's annoying to have to exchange this . I knew there was a problem when I put in disc one and it looked lousy in hi-def . There is a separate disc with the US and international release versions along with the director 's cut , which are all much better quality .
 99 % of the time when I buy a `` Directors Cut '' , the movie is improved and usually the added footage makes it more enjoyable if you are a big fan of the movie anyway . This is a completely different movie . It 's funny ; the one thing in the original movie that has been copied in countless movies is the narrative `` feel '' , and this has been removed in the directors cut . I am going to try to sell this because I will never watch it again .
 I saw the original theatrical release of Blade Runner and was dismayed years later to learn that the director 's cut omits Harrison Fords narrative . Why was the narrative removed ? I do n't get it ... . I want to buy a new , high quality DVD based on the original Blade Runner release where Harrison Ford narrates ... . To me , the movie just is n't the same without the narrative sound track .
 The first time I saw this movie , it was in a theater . And what a movie ! I saw it three times in a single day
 I purchased this Blu-Ray set on 10 December 2009 and this set still contains the wrong disc . Instead of the correct disc 1
 Agree with another reviewer on this . The so-called Final Cut version on disc 1 is only the Workprint version . Key point is that although the packaging says that the Final Cut has TrueHD and also French 5.1 DD , these do not even show up in the menu as options on the Final Cut disc . Have compared the 2 discs and they are identical , even down to the running time . Wondered why the quality of the picture seemed worse than my copy of the Final Cut version on DVD .
 Warner Bros. should n't have released the Director 's Cut by itself . They should have released a Criterion Collection containing the Director 's Cut , as well as the Original Trailer , the extra violence only seen overseas , the footage cut from the Workprint -LRB- such as the Holden in the Hospital scene , and Zhora 's snake dance -RRB- and maybe a Director 's Commentary since almost every other Ridley Scott DVD has one ! The fact of the matter is that there are way too many extra features never before seen to produce a DVD as bare-bones as this one is . Personally i would love to see the trailer , the hospital scene , and the extra violence but unfortunately this basic DVD is all that 's out there .
 You know , with all the information a DVD can hold , you think that Warner Brothers would have put some more into it besides
 Amazon has been met with more than 300 reviews for the DVD version of this movie . It is clear that the movie is of much concern to many people . When I first viewed it in the theaters , in the early 80 's , I was somewhat disappointed . The story seemed too subtle , despite the very original sound and visual elements of the film . Yet I found myself watching it again and again on video and now once on DVD . The more I watched it the more I learned to appreciated it , and now regard it as probably one of the most intriguing movies to come out of Hollywood ever . The essential story
 Blade Runner is one of my absolute favorite movies of all time . This was the first DVD I ever bought . To say I was disappointed with the ` Director 's Cut ' underscores my disgust . I saw the original theatrical release of this film several times back in the day . It blew me away ! The effects , the atmosphere - everything is perfect . I know a lot of people here prefer the ` Director 's Cut ' but I got ta tell ya , IT SUCKS!Give me the original any day . The narration is excellent despite Ford 's claim that he did n't even seriously try to read the lines . Put the violent scenes back in just out of principle , I am damn sick of edits ! -LRB- Read my other reviews -RRB- ... TECHNICAL : I agree with other reviews about the dated technical aspects of this film . We desperately need a ` special ' edition with dual-layer anamorphic widescreen and the choice of either ` Theater ' or ` Director Cut ' versions like on the `` Independence Day '' DVD . Better yet why not release a high bit rate edition -LRB- like Superbit -RRB- , no movie has ever been more deserving of this treatment than ` Blade Runner ' .
 This DVD is a terrible video transfer . I hope some time in the future this great movie gets the attention it really deserves - A DVD set with BOTH versions of the movie , some good extras , directors commentary , and a decent transfer . This is a very poor presentation for an extraordinary movie .
 I definitely like the Director 's Cut better than the released version ; however , the transfer quality on this DVD is really inexcuseable . The image wobbles throughout the film , the clarity and sharpness are really not up to par , and there 's no 5.1 audio . Apparently , a new `` Collector 's Edition '' is in the works ; I 'd wait for that to come out before buying this movie .
 With all the hype this movie is supposed to be like the best movie ever . It 's just okay but with such high expectations I 'm not impressed.It gets an extra star because it has a very beautiful woman and a good soundtrack .
 Although I 'm a Harrison Ford Fanatic , I simply hated this movie . Frankly I do n't know what all the fuss was about . If you 're looking to spend a few bucks buy an Indiana Jones instead . I would recommned `` the Last Crusade '' in which Sean Connery Co-stars .
 I foyted and out came this Ridley Scott dud . `` Blade Runner '' is for the unimaginative people who have nothing else better to do .
 This has to be the worst movie I ever watched ... or sorry , I should say worst movie I 've ever attempted to watch . I do n't understand how people love this movie . It 's boring and stupid . Also the acting is terrible . Harrison Ford at his worst !!!
 I find this film unbearable . The acting is very sub-par . Harrison Ford is n't good . The dialogue is forced and trite . The character development is non-existent . At no point in the film did I care what was going on . I wanted a giant asteroid to obliterate everyone so the film would end . Also ... why , oh WHY , is Rutger Hauer running around in his boxers and slamming his head through walls ?! It does n't make sense , nor is it even slightly entertaining.I have never been so angry after watching a film . It put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day . _ Blade Runner _ is probably the least entertaining film ever made . I would rather have an anvil dropped on me than be subjected to this film again . Avoid this film -LRB- as well as another horrible `` classic , '' _ Dr. Strangelove Or
 I have seen both the original cut and the final cut on the big screen . The first Blade Runner left me feeling elated , entertained and full of inspiration . This tired retread left me feeling disgusted and flat.Why disgusted ? In the first Blade Runner we witness the snapping of an important man 's neck . The one scene in the whole movie that I could have done without , but it did n't ruin the movie for me ! At least it was an instant death . This time in the film , for some godforsaken reason , the director had the replicant 's kill by pushing people 's eyeballs into their brains . It 's horrifically shown once and implied twice . Now what possibly does that add to the movie ? Is society becoming so sick that Hollywood thinks that 's entertainment ? Are we so desensitized that gruesome violence no longer revolts ? All it did was turn the bad guys -LRB- replicants -RRB- into monsters . One is left without an once of sympathy for them unlike in the original Blade Runner.Why flat ? Well the speech at the end of the film by the dying replicant leader now rings quite hollow . Who gives a hoot what wonders he 's seen . Just hurry up and die so you do n't kill anymore decent people . While those replicant designers were short sighted and a certainly terribly naive , does that warrant a death sentence ? The replicants are like spoiled children
 Harrison Ford becomes a screen legend off of Han Solo and Indiana Jones and then he does this futuristic toilet of a movie . The story did n't make any sense and it was just a bad movie , you should n't combine film noir with sc-fi , no Maltese Falcon with the Jetsons , or it just did n't work with this movie . Ridley Scott directs great films like Gladiator and Alien , then directs this wasteland of a flick that should n't be apart of the future with or without flying cars . any one who think this is better than Star Wars than get the hell off Amazon . Hollywood Homocide might treat you to better Harrison Ford films . If you want good futuristic movies rent Minority Report or I , Robot . Make a better future by getting rid of `` BAD RUNNER '' Harrison , do n't think less of you because this crap you did .
 I am not going to waste my time by reviewing this movie since this is AMAZON NOT IMDB !! DUHHH ... The image quality is ok but can be grainy in some scenes but it is FAR from being Blu Ray.THIS HOW YOU REVIEW A MOVIE ON AMAZON !!! Now others know the most important fact which is image quality !!
 i would dearly love to give this product a rave review unfortunately i am unable to do so as the dvd has failed to materialise and i am still waiting for it to be delivered .
 This cut of the film is clearly less than the original . Parts of the most beautiful poetic statements were left out and replaced with mood more mood and more mood . The marketing people have created a product where there should not have been one .
 I am a huge fan of Sci-Fi . Not to the point where I can tell you the name of the chick 's aunt who played Cordelia 's third stake in Episode 4,000,258 B of Buffy , but I like the genre just the same , and some of my all-time favourite flicks -LRB- Star Wars , Alien , The Fifth Element -RRB- are true-blue Science Fiction.Imagine my disappointment , then , upon renting this Director 's cut version of Blade Runner , and discovering that not only is it one of the most boring Sci-Fi movies ever made , it 's also pretentious and overstated to the point where you really do n't care if you never see the end.With a potentially excellent premise - the plot , on paper , is exciting and detailed -RRB- and a decent ensemble cast -LRB- with Sean Young doing what she seems to do best , playing emotionless characters -RRB- , Ridley Scott and Vangelis manage to totally negate any character sympathy we might feel through over-the-top panorama shots , long , drawn-out cityscape sequences , and the most awfully Eighties-Fantastic soundtrack ever . Cliches like the Bar sequence abound , and are we really expected to believe Daryl Hannah in her role as the grating , whiney Pris ? At least Splash was mute for a part of that movie ... One of the most annoying features of this film is the performance given by the usually excellent Harrison Ford . I can imagine Ridley Scott telling Ford to play the role as Indiana Jones-without-Humanity , and that 's exactly how he comes across . Boring and wooden , as the central character in a movie whose basic premise is the conflict between humanity and machines , his character is the major flaw in a film full of boring , OTT cliches and unengaging dialogue.One for the Vaults , may it languish there forever more . There are far , far superior examples of Science Fiction available .
 I guess I just do n't get it . I 've seen lots of cheesy 80 's sci-fi movies but I never thought to classify them as masterpieces . Aside from the out-dated effects and crappy acting , it did n't even make sense . I have a hard time sympathizing with a ROBOT . Great , it has feelings . By that standard Short Circuit is a filmmaking masterpiece too . IRobot made a statement about society , but I do n't see that here . You want to see a filmmaking masterpiece from the 80 's ? Go watch Conan the Barbarian . If you ca n't see how well that film was made then do n't tell me I 'm close minded because I ca n't see the greatness of this cheese-fest . People need to grow up . It 's a cheesy 80 's flick . Just cause you like it , does n't mean it 's the greatest movie ever made .
 I was excited to see this movie . A fan of Minority Report , the Adjustment Bureau , and Total Recall , I was sure this film -LRB- which was also famous for its time -RRB- would have been mind bending and take me to new imaginative places . Instead , it was very boring . Admittedly , the film was made in 1982 and my loss of interest may simply be that the effects and imagined future is 30 years old ; still , I expected to find the same quality of suspense and newness in this film as in others based on Dick 's writings . After the first 30 minutes , it was hard to keep interested . I hope newer dramatizations of Dick 's stories will be more entertaining .
 I had such high hopes for this release . I had never seen Bladerunner and when the HD release came out I knew it was time to experience one of the so called `` best movies of all time '' . I dont know what is going on with most of these reviewers ... This movie is simply not good . It 's dark , confusing every step of the way and nothing is resolved at the end . A purchase i wish i could take back . Obviously I am in the minority here , but IMO ... Pass on this one .
 I read that this was the greatest sci-fi movie ever made . I love sci-fi but this movie sucked ! People say it has `` intensely packed action '' . It almost put me to sleep . The themes could have made a good movie but this is a disjointed mess . It takes place where the sun does n't shine , literally , and it rains all the time . Harrison Ford and Rutger Hauer do OK with the script they 're given . The writing and directing are the problem . It 's VERY SLOW ! Wan na buy my copy ? Total Recall and iRobot draw the good points from this movie . Get those instead !
 The director 's cut does n't even compare to the theatrical version ; it lacks everything that made this move great ! Wait for the original version to be released and save your money . If I could give you my Directors cut , I would . It 's going in the trash when the theatrical version is released .
 This is not the first time a Director took a beautiful movie and chop it to pieces . When `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' was release on VHS they only release the 1980 remake of the film all chop up and ruin . You were unable to enjoy the original version of the film until the new DVD version was release . But , getting back to BR , Ridley Scott has every right to release a new Director 's Cut version but he should have also include the Theater Version which I enjoy most.There is one little mistake that some people seems to be making about both version of the film . These `` Replicant '' are neither androids nor robots they are human . They breathe and eat and feel emotions and this is what made this movie different . By removing the voice over this fact is left out in the Director 's Cut.When I first saw BR being air on TV they change the beginning clearly stating that Replicant were Robots . Yet , in the Theater version and on DVD the beginning message clearly points out that they are not androids but living creatures . `` NEXUS phase -- a being virtually identical to a human -- known as Replicants . '' What made them virtually human were their physical abilities and their life span . Why would an android burn out just because it burns twice as bright ? Why do they refer to them as being dead before the patient left the table if they were machines?For years I have been seeing some critics referring to these living people as machines . I guess it is hard to accept the idea that human would make stronger human to do their physical labor for them.Please , do not remind me of `` The Terminator ! '' In that movie they were machines.I guess some people like the film but object to the main star Harrison Ford gunning down two women . Why would Deckard say `` but it did n't make me feel any better about shooting a woman in the back '' if these replicants were androids ? Now , you can only hear this remark in the original version of the film but it clearly points out that the replicants were not machines.Do us all a favor Mr. Ridley Scott ; release both versions on DVD so people can choose for themselves .
 I have seen the original a couple of times and thought the final cut would improve on the original ... wrong.To me the most important scene was when Harrison Fords tries to come to terms with the last moment and death of the replicant Roy . Also , cutting the last scene with Rachel in a &#34; greener &#34; world was a disappointment . It was at least a 4 star in the original . Will not watch this &#34; Final Cut &#34; again .
 This has always been one of my favorite old sci-fi movies . But in the &#34; Final Cut &#34; version Ridley Scott removed almost all of Harrison Ford 's narration . This totally killed the retro film-noir vibe that the original movie had , which was one of my favorite things about it . As someone who 's seen this movie many times , I can say that that the most memorable lines in the film for me , were in the narration.So if you 're a fan of the original Blade Runner , I would n't recommend renting this version ; you 'll be disappointed .
 Obviously , the movie 's great . Classic , and with five discs of material at this price , how can you go wrong ? However , my problem 's not with the quality of the movie , the blue ray encoding , etc. , but instead the delivered product . After waiting a week due to backorder , I found a beat-up , dirty , puffy envelope in my mailbox . Upon opening , I pulled out the movie I 'd been eagerly anticipating . Blue plastic chips spilled everywhere , the case shattered at every corner . Packed in a puny bubble wrap envelope . Amazon , you can do better than this . What happened to all the comfortable , safe , brown boxes you used to send even the smallest products in ???
 I 'm a Harrison Ford fan , and was dissapointed in and depressed by this film . The plot , doalog , and action were glacial . The ceaseless rain , 2019 LA smog , gloom , hyper-stimulation , and overcrowding were depressing ; and I didnt care much whether Ford found the `` Replicants '' or not . The Hollywood formula guaranteed he would , with suitable travail . The film 's special visual effects were well done for the time , and added to my depression . I wondered if the directors / produceers meant this to be a visual morality play about our current overpopulation / media overstimulation / and ecological shifts in California . If so , it didnt make much impression on our society.I wound up skipping ahead on the downloaded CD to see what happened . I will not watch this film again or buy the CD . Ugh .
 I turned it off half-way through , waiting for it to get better . Just seemed strange with nothing to hold my interest .
 I hate when someone totally rips apart a movie `` I '' like but ... WAKE UP EVERYONE ! This movie has three things going for it :1 -RRB- Harrison Ford2 -RRB- Awesome `` visuals `` 3 -RRB- A dramatic and beautifully orchestrated endingAnd that 's about it . I ca n't believe I bought this movie . I bought it based on you people 's reviews . I found this movie to be no more than an excuse to use lots of cool sets and neon lights , and to make droves of incessant movie-going lemmings with derelict senses of filmmaking go write reviews of praise on the internet so sorry chumps like me would go by it too.Well , thanks .
 Back in December , we listed our `` 8 Coolest Sci-Fi Flicks '' and got some heat for not including `` Blade Runner '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- on the list . We remembered Ridley Scott 's adaptation of Philip K. Dick 's science fiction classic `` Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep '' as being a disappointment - as well as a bit heavy-handed . We recently revisited `` Blade Runner '' to see if the sands of time had softened our opinion of the movie . But we also wanted to see if Scott 's director 's cut version of the film would improve it.It did , but our opinion of `` Blade Runner '' remains mediocre.We agree with film critic Roger Ebert
 This is a fantastic restoration and extras package . Image quality is fantastic , as is the sound . Unfortunately it completely locked up myToshiba A1 player at the same two chapters every time . I updated myfirmware to v. 2.4 , but it did n't help . I ca n't remember buying anHD DVD disc that was more problematic . I 've had trouble with NetFlixrental HD DVD 's , but not with a brand new purchased disc.I need to return this title .
 I have been waiting for years for the original version of this movie to be released and finally it has . I prefer original cuts of movies to the do-over versions . Unfortunately Mr. Scott has screwed this up . The four disc version gives you his so called `` Final Cut '' , Pink Floyd might want to talk to him about that title . The behind the scenes gets its ' own disc , the extra footage and effects gets its ' own disc , `` The Final Cut '' gets its ' own disc . Here is where the problem comes in , the original version from 1982 , the international version also from 1982 , and the director 's cut from 1992 are all squeezed onto one disc . That is probably why it constantly freezes up when I try to play it . All I wanted was the original 1982 version but Mr. Scott 's ego forces us to buy either this set or the newer 5 disc set which includes a rough cut of the movie . This is the only way to get the original version . I will probably watch the other discs once then never again , how many times do you need to see the behind the scenes stuff . Either way I feel I still do n't have what I want because I am sure this freezing up problem is a disc problem and not a DVD player problem . On this disc , disc # 3 , all versions have freezing problems on the same scenes . Even though the price is priced for a single DVD why ca n't these directors stop being ball breakers and release single versions ? Mr. Scott does an intro for these films and when he talks about the 1982 theatrical version you get the feeling from his tone that it is here it is now choke on it . You get the impression that he hates the movie and he will grudgingly , give you barbarians it crammed onto a disc with the other two films . Why does n't Warner Brothers take back control over their property ? I have enjoyed many of Mr. Scott 's movies but what he is doing to the 1982 theatrical version is a shame . I am glad I got Alien before he decides to screw with that classic . I guess in a few years he will re-re-re-release another set of Blade Runner movies . I should send him back my copy of the 4 disc set and demand my refund from him and not Amazon .
 This 5 disc package could have been a 2 disc package . The making of Blade Runner and the HD movie . The other discs do n't add much to the value .
 Blade Runner did n't do much justice for me . There 's something missing or wrong with the theatrical and the 1991 DC versions . I will give this movie another chance when it comes out next year . I hope Mr. Scott will give its proper cut .
 is it possible to buy the original theatrical version of blade runner on dvd without buying the 5 disc set ????
 My dad bought this and I tried several different things to get this to work -LRB- put HD cord in dvd player , played on PS3/comp . / dvd player -RRB- and nothing worked . Do n't know if it 's something with my equipment or it 's the DVDs but I never could figure it out .
 Yes , there are some added sceens , but they do n't make up for the fact that the narations by Harrison Ford have been removed . Save your money . If you have the original versions , stick with them .
 I have not seen this movie in a while but I am not very happy with The final cut . When I originally saw the movie theatrical version I loved the special effects and the characters , I ca n't explain it but the characters in this movie , were not very dimensional . I believe the movie is missing some special effects the original one had.Don ' t waste your time on this version get the theatrical .
 If Dir . Scott had wanted the movie made this way he would have made it this way , no this is a farce created by the Corporation to cut back on violence and make more money off a VERY GOOD movie , Dir . Scott had nothing to do with the `` Director 's Cut '' . Just a rumor , there is supposedly a 3.5 hour version with voice over . The REAL Directors cut I assume .
 Normally when I see the words `` director 's cut `` I think `` ALL RIGHT '' , the real deal ! Well , not in this case ! Do yourself a favor and getthe original -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- . I saw thisfilm when it was originally releasedand WOW ! I loved it . I purchased the director ` scut and everytime I showed this version to afriend , they had no clue what was going on.Hey , sometimes the director is wrong .
 It 's 2010 and I 'm having the same issue as the other one starrers -- no Final Cut and two workprints . : -LRB-
 I was excited to see that the were coming out with a Limited Edition Collector 's set of this film . I was excited because this is one of my favorite films and I thought this version would be loaded with extras . Well , it is n't . Not even a single commentary . Not a `` Making of . . '' . Nothing . You do n't even get a choice of what version you want to see , the director 's cut or the original . All you get is a poster and some pictures of the film ! They want us to pay almost seventy dollars for that ! Forget it . I 'll wait for the Extra Special Super Collector 's Edition Set -LRB- If it ever comes out . -RRB- This just proves Warner Bros. is responsible for some of the worst DVD transfers ever .
 What does Ridley think he is doing here , besides ruining one of the few ` serious ' Sci-fi movies ever made . The original Blade Runner , with voiceover , creates an incredible vision of a future world in a classic Gumshoe format . The Director 's cut creates a much blacker and , unfortunately , incomprehensible future where people stumble from scene to scene with little explainable detail for the viewer to pin a story to . Try watching it as if you have never seen the movie before , and then try to work out whats going on , you probably wo n't . It 's not often that movie studios are right about artistic content , but boy did they get it right with the original Blade Runner . The Directors ending and extra scenes are better suited to the movie , it should not have had a happy ending , but the look and feel of the original have gone to be replaced by brooding silence . Unless the studio releases the original in DVD , however , this great work will be lost forever , `` like tears in the rain '' , what a waste ! If you are a Rutger fan you should also watch `` Salute Of the Jugger '' , another apocalyptic Sci-Fi classic with a black story-line , the best game scenes since Rollerball and absolutely NO Director 's Cut .
 3 things bothered me . 1 . Bad sound . This is a movie , like `` Star Wars '' in which the soundtrack plays a huge role , and my normally booming DVD player suddenly sounded like an AM radio . 2 . The whole film seemed very jumpy . You 'll notice this in the opening credits , which are fuzzy and occasionally bump up and down . Is this a film that needs to be restored ? If so , somebody please do it . 3 . Extra features - where were they ? For all its faults , `` Blade Runner '' is a work of art , and deserves DVD extras at least as impressive as those of `` Fight Club '' , perhaps even the full `` Brazil '' treatment . Where are the storyboards , the making-of , the director 's commentary ? My dream is that Criterion or somebody gets their hands on this beautiful film and gives it the DVD it deserves .
 Rated only 1 star because you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- must make it crystal clear what the user is getting here , as there are now three versions - the original , the director 's cut , and the most recent director 's final cut !!!
 I had seen Blade Runner as a teenager a while back and came away from the movie thinking it did n't really go anywhere , it did n't seem to be much of a story . I thought it was because I did n't pay much attention to the movie and I was a teenager and just did n't get it . So I bought the DVD -LRB- because I was on a DVD kick -RRB- and watched it . I came away feeling pretty much the same , but what is worse than not liking the movie is the DVD is such poor quality . The sound is horrible , and there is n't any extra features that make it worth buying . If you like the move buy the VHS version . The only thing I liked about it was laughing at some of the 80 's hairdo 's in it .
 The director did n't know what he was doing when it came to editing this film , the producers did a much better job . My problem is that I loved the original and hate with a passion this version . Why do n't they release the orginal movie so I can throw my directors cut in the trash . I would give this DVD a zero star if I could . The soul of the movie is gone . I 'm a believer that androids with this level of ability have as much right to live as humans . The fact that we think they are our slaves and property with no rights is outragous . Equal rights for machines are coming in the near future and a man-machine war for equal rights is ahead -LRB- see Terminator I/II -RRB- . The union of harision ford and the replicant in the ending of the movie is soooo significant . The beginning of the next phase of man-vs-machine .
 I bought this set from Amazon on January 1 , 2009 . Like other reviewers I too received a duplicate disc , the `` work print '' content on both discs 1 and 5 . Just contact the Warner service hotline at
 I know this has 702 reviews , but I have to put in my two -LRB- stars -RRB- cents . Blade Runner is probably my favorite movie ; but , the Director 's Cut is an abomination . The actual difference in footage amounts to something like 7 seconds - big woop . The only significant change is the loss of monologue
 Warning ... without the voice over this is just another jumbled sci-fi feature ... Harrison Ford 's narrative gives more insight into the film and the other characters ... The ending is just that an ending ... you have to use your imagination ... besides all the above the special effects are tremendous in giving us a very unflattering view of the `` future '' . Harrison Ford is good as usual but Rutger Hauer steals all the scenes he is in ... he was perfectly cast and it must have been written with him in mind . Please Please Please will someone release on DVD the original theatrical release with the voice overs !
 I thought something was missing . Now I found what they were . Without the voice-overs and the final scene in the original release , this movie is totally flat . Period .
 From the moment that I saw this film in '82 until today , it 's remained among my favorites . For the life of me , however , I can not understand why the director eliminated the narration from this film.Many of you may not know this , but there once was a movie genre called FILM NOIRE . These movies usually involved a really good , loner type detective , like `` Sam Spade '' or the like . He would walk you though the film using narration that highlighted what he was thinking while you watched him perform his investigative duties with a featureless `` poker face '' to fool the bad guys.Periodically , and most often impersonated , the detective would `` step out '' of a scene he was in and talk to the audience instead of narrating over the action . Perhaps you 've seen old Bogart films where he 'd stand under a light pole in the rain and recite a monologue to the audience about how he felt the case was going or to highlight another character 's actions , behaviors or personalities according to him . THAT is E X A C T L Y what Blade Runner was meant to depict in a futuristic setting . It worked WELL , and it is sorely missed from the director 's cut.Honestly , and many will agree , unless you 've seen the original cut of this film , you lose a LOT of information that helps you understand the story to the fullest . If I 'm `` whining '' or `` do n't understand the ` new school ' '' and you DISAGREE blindly , then do n't you EVER use the CAST/CREW COMMENTARY feature on you DVDs again . Yeah ... I THOUGHT so !!! So-perhaps those with the `` power '' can do what many of us are asking
 This is one of the worst DVDs ever put out . WB should be ashamed of themselves . To make up for it , as well as take more money out of our pockets , they are finally doing it right . They are currently doing a new BLADE RUNNER DVD . It 's set for release in 2001 . It will have Ridley Scott 's commentary as well as others . It will also have production design sketches , extra footage , etc. . . I highly doubt we 'll hear from Harrison Ford since he has yet to bury the hatchet with Ridley Scott . Save your money . DO NOT BUY THIS DVD .
 The first `` Blade Runner '' was so good , especially with the story being told by Harrison Ford . The director 's cut did not include this and much of the story is missed . Also , there was a scene with a unicorn ... quite bizarre . If you get the original motion picture in stock , let me know as soon as possible because this one -LRB- the Director 's Cut -RRB- was a waste of money .
 Not much to say except that both my husband and I enjoyed the original Blade Runner much , much more . Actually , ordered it from Amazon at Christmas not realizing it was a different cut from the original shown in theaters -LRB- so many years ago ! -RRB- Some script was changed and there was very little voice-over or ad-libbing by Harrison which for us made the original movie more interesting . Anyway , I had always said that this was one of my top-ten movies , but certainly not the Director 's Cut . How can I get the original ???
 It 's really hard giving Blade Runner just one star . I know it deserves more ... at least the movie I watched in the theater should . But this is what the Director 's Cut deserves.I remember seeing it when it first came out . I really did n't like it at all . I ended up seeing it again several months later when it was the bottom part of a double feature -LRB- they still had them in those days ! -RRB- because I went with a friend who had n't seen it . This time around , even though I knew what was going to happen , I found myself reveling in the little nuances in the movie , the performances , the strange quirks of this sci-fi/romance . It then became one of my favorite movies.When it came out in video , I got a copy . A few years later , Ridley Scott came out with his `` director 's cut . '' When I saw it , it seemed so much deader than the original release . I did n't like it and never bought the video or the DVD.One reviewer stated that Harrison Ford , when called in to read the `` narrative '' did it very poorly so the studio would n't use it . In my opinion , he was still trying to develop his own style between Star Wars and Blade Runner . He had already done two Star Wars and an Indiana Jones by this time , as well as Hanover Street , Force 10 from Navaronne , Apocolypse Now and Frisco Kid . I have n't seen the latter two but , other than the Indiana Jones movie , he seemed really wooden and had n't developed the ease in roles that began with Blade Runner and became apparent with his next non-Lucas/Spielberg movie `` Witness . `` I generally like buying `` director 's cut '' movies . I especially like the ones that add more but retain the flavor of the original release . But this DC really presents you with a clearly different and drearier movie . It feels like listening to a re-recorded hit song ; it may have one or two of the original singers but it 's certainly not the hit that I remember even though the artist may feel that it 's truer to what he originally had in mind!It seems that the LE Collector 's Edition will also be the Director 's Cut and I 'm extremely disappointed . At the least , they could have released both versions . If Scott is the reason that the only version we have now is his DC , then he ought to be ashamed of himself . It may not have been `` his movie '' that was released but for many of us the original release WAS the movie . Would I have liked his cut if that was the original release ? It 's hard to say but I really like the melancholic edge of the original which was missing in the DC . I would wager to say that it may NOT have taken on legendary status had the DC come out instead . I 'm really disappointed that there is no version of the original theatrical release out on DVD . I guess I 'm destined never to own a copy of one of my favorite movies ...
 September 2006 the 25th-anniversary edition multidisc DVD will be released . This special edition DVD will include the original theatrical cut , the expanded international theatrical cut and the 1992 director 's cut .
 We 're living in an age where it should be very simple to either burn both versions of Blade Runner - the original with voice over and the `` director 's cut '' - onto one DVD . Or , if that 's too much to ask , why not stick two DVD 's in the package?Some people like the voice over better , and others prefer the newer version of this movie . For me , the answer lies somewhere in between . There are lines of the narrative that I really enjoy , in particular when Ford * SPOILER ALERT * philosophizes at the end about why Hauer saves him.I ca n't remember much more about the first version of this film . Sometimes the producers are right and their ideas make a better movie . That 's not to say anything bad against R. Scott . The other movie is good too , just not AS good , in my memory.It 's nowhere near as bad as say ... the sequal to Conan the Barbarian . Conan the Destroyer is a movie to be avoided at all costs ... as is the second Highlander movie.Come on you big shots at the top . Give us both versions of Blade Runner in one package at a reasonable price . I wo n't buy it until that happens .
 + + + + + This movie is based on the novel `` Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- by Philip K. Dick.The plot of this movie -LRB- original theatrical release in 1982 -RRB- is simple . Rick Deckard -LRB- Harrison Ford -RRB- is a policeman , in this movie 's case a `` blade runner , '' of Los Angeles -LRB- in the year 2019 -RRB- who 's after four criminals , in this case genetically-made criminal `` replicants '' named Roy Batty -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- , Pris -LRB- Daryl Hannah -RRB- , Zhora -LRB- Joanna Cassidy -RRB- , and Leon -LRB- Brion James -RRB- . Deckard accidentally develops a romance with the more sophisticated replicant Rachael -LRB- Sean Young -RRB- . I watched this movie -LRB- `` The Director 's Cut '' -RRB- with a friend who did not see the original release that had Deckard 's voice-over narration . Guess what ? My friend could not follow the story !!!! I could since I 'd seen the original release but I found that I still missed Deckard 's voice-over . I especially missed the voice-over when the Roy Batty replicant `` dies '' at the end of the movie . This scene was not as emotionally appealing with the voice-over absent.I think I deduced the reasons why the voice-over is so important for this movie : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It allows the viewer to follow the action . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It provides the human touch to counterbalance all the technological and visually-stunning special effects . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It adds a `` retro '' feel that reminded me of old-time detective movies.The ending of the the director 's cut movie , I felt , was too abrupt . The original release gave a feeling of hope that Deckard and the replicant Rachael would have a future together.The special effects that highlight the steel-and-microchip jungle of twenty-first century L.A. and the background music provided by Vangelis are still fantastic and exhilarating.BOTTOM LINE : Without the voice-over narration , this movie -LRB- The Director 's Cut -RRB- loses its magnificence and emotional impact.RECOMMENDATION : Get the original 1982 theatrical version with Deckard 's voice-over narration on DVD . -LRB- This version is easily a five star movie . -RRB- ** 1/2 + + + + +
 Reviews of cult classics are tricky enough to begin with -LRB- never slam publicly on a cult favorite -RRB- but with the various manifestations of Blade Runner we have double the fun . That said ... I like both the original and the directors cut . The directors cut demands more of the non-sci-fi initiated and puts many off . Rent the movie first if you are unsure and decide then . Now the real reason I write
 Wo n't waste your time with movie analysis , just the DVD complaints :1 . No extras , like commentary , outtakes , etc. 2 . No 5.1 sound3 . No DTS4 . Does n't include both versions
 I am in the process of replacing all my HD-DVD 's to Blu-Ray in order to reduce my equipment rack to a single Blu-Ray player . I received my copy of the Blade Runner -LRB- Five-Disc Complete Collector 's Edition -RRB- in Blu-Ray . The packaging indicates Dolby TrueHD is the primary sound track for the `` Final Cut '' disc of the movie . However , there are only 2 sound tracks on the disc -- Dolby Digital 5.1 and a stereo sound track for director commentary ... no others ; not even foreign language tracks.The HD-DVD version of the `` Final Cut '' disc DOES include the Dolby TrueHD . This appears to be an engineering oversight on the Blu-Ray version . This is not acceptable . The manufacturer MUST be aware of this . As a result I can not recommend that anyone waste -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks on this collection . I give the video 5 stars but the audio does n't even warrant half a star so I 'm giving it the average -- 2 stars .
 I give only two stars for the Director 's Cut of Blade Runner , but five stars for the original version -- one of two of my all-time favorates -LRB- Wizard of Oz is the other -RRB- . Harrison Ford 's voice over add greatly to the atmosphere of the movie . Supposedly , Ford was not at all happy about doing the voice over and shows in his tone , or lack of , which actually ends up as the perfect narration of a down and out retired Blade Runner . Kudos for the theatrical version !
 The original theater version of this sci-fi masterpiece is , without doubt , one of the best in the genre . The director 's cut is only a tribute to the -LRB- understandable -RRB- ego of Ridley Scott . A novice viewer of the latter can only wonder about what the heck is going on . I agree with the comments of another reviewer that the death scene of Rutger Hauer is irreparably damaged by the missing voice-over . This drama definitely needs the aspect of humanity provided by Harrison Ford 's narration ; it is far too dark and brooding otherwise . His narrating words in the ending scene , with Ford driving to safety , provide emotional closure
 I saw the original theatrical release , and when I heard there was a `` director 's cut , '' I imagined that there would be lots of more scenes from the `` deleted '' ones , etc. , but definitely no what they did . The voice over adds a great deal of understanding that it is needed for a better grasp of the motives of the characters . The so called `` phony ending '' is a definite absolute requirement for psychological resolution and hope . This release at least should had offered both versions . I own the original on tape , and so hard to get , but VHS is dying . I was hopping for the DVD version , but it does not look is going to be one .
 You can pretty much see HUNDREDS of reviews regarding Blade Runner on Amazon.What I 'm adding -LRB- as are others -RRB- is to currently NOT BUY the 5 Disc Blu Ray from Amazon.com . There _ are _ production issues where the 1st disc is actually the 5th disc . It is labelled as the 1st ... but its not . It is the workprint.So ... as much as the price is enticing , I 'd consider long and hard before attempting a purchase before these issues are resolved.BTW ... the movie is 5 stars , easy . My 1 star is for the actual PRODUCT .
 Oh god , I almost fell asleep when I watched this film , perhaps my mistake was that I watched the director 's cut first . I choose rent this DVD 'cause the critics say this one is an excelent sci-fi story and the director 's cut is the best way to see it -LRB- ? -RRB- , I read that the scene of the unicorn fell over the audience 's head like a dump of freezing water , well , maybe for them that meant something special but for me it meant absolutely nothing , can anybody please explain it to me ? I know it has something to do with the question
 ... to load the ` Final Cut ' into the ` video on demand ' page?It 's one thing to send out the wrong version to physical addresses -- with 5 of them out there , I can see how packaging could get mixed up -- sort of.But how in the world can the the 2-day download version of the Final Cut be mislabeled ? It is timed at 1 hour 58 , a full 20 minutes short of the Final Cut version , so is no substitute.Baffled and really kinda ticked off . Have a guest here to watch with me , popcorn , etc. I have seen the original many times , so ... From the other reviews here , it is apparent that this movie has soundly defeated the seemingly endless resources of Amazon.com , repeatedly , with no end in sight .
 I 'm not rating Blade Runner 1 star . I 'm giving 1 star as a protest against Amazon and the reviewers who are rating this dvd set 5 months before it comes out ... They have n't even seen it in person . The set may be junk , how would they know ... Vid quality , Sound quality , packaging quality ?????????? Amazon needs to keep the Customer Review Option closed until a product has been released , to prevent biased `` people '' from commenting on products they have n't been able to evaluate in person , but want to be the first to chip in their half-cent uninformed opinions , that have no basis in reality.I rate this cookie , I 've never tasted , 5/5 stars because ... I think it may taste good and I want to be the first person to rate it . Doke !!!
 The directors cut is a nice `` flavor '' of the Blade Runner movie , but it 's the narration that gives the character Deckard human qualities . And what 's wrong with that?We can stand on a pedestal and preach how smart we are in watching a movie with no narration , but I personally like the human Deckard . I was disappointed that the `` end all to Blade Runner movie '' flavors left out the narration . If you were told that the narrated version was really the `` Director 's Cut '' , would it add less value to the present `` Director 's Cut '' ? The added goodies in the DVD are nice . The sound is great , though getting really digital does make it a little stale . One nice plus about the DVD , is you can pause it to get a look at Los Angeles 18 years from now .
 This film is one of the biggest sleep inducers I 've seen so far . I rented it , hearing it was a sci-fi classic of some sort , and found myself constantly wondering why . I first must admit that I really loved the visuals . The special effects and excellent photography are a delight . This film demostrates Scott 's trademark gloomy photography and snail pace . The film is shot almost entirely at night , and everything looks as gothic as you can get in a 21st century setting . This is all arresting at first , but as the movie settles down for it 's overlong , confusing , feckless , and totally BORING story , not even the visuals are able to save it . I had read once that Ridley Scott had originally planned to direct TOTAL RECALL , another short story by Philip K. Dick , when the screenplay was still in the works . I felt relieved that he hadde n't . It also made me wonder what Paul Verhoven would have done with this movie . That thought leaves a lot to be desired .
 I 've read so many good reviews and bad reviews of this Ridley Scott Film Noir/Science Fiction thriller that I became confused as to how good it really is . Well I finally bought it and watched it . Want the truth ? It is a slow , unnecessarily complex movie about androids and humans . It is cold , violent , and none-to-bright either . However , the movie 's architectural designs and the fact that it was based on a Philip K. Dick novel certainly make it interesting ... but it just is n't that good . Cast -LRB- especially Ford -RRB- excells . Director 's Cut does nothing to improve it either .
 I probably should have payed closer attention to what the `` directors cut '' did not include . I thought the other version with Sean Young and Harrison Ford flying off together was definitely a four star rating . And that unicorn dream sequence ? Whats up with that ? My advice ... do n't waste your money on this one .
 I give this DVD 1 star not because of the movie quality but because the DVD version , as opposed to the Video , does nothave Harrison Fords Narrative thoughts and comments.As a result there are lots of long camera shots pointed at his face . Without the narration of what he 's thinking , these long camera shots and musical breaks seem a bit silly.Until they remaster this DVD I would not recommend the purchase of it .
 This so-called classic movie is nowhere near a classic . Honestly , I did n't understand what the hell was going on in the movie half the time ... and I did n't even finish watching it . I got through an hour and seven minutes of it before I finally gave up . I will say one thing in its favour , though
 I bought a new factory selled blade runner and amazon send me a used item , on April 12 i bought a movie and amazon estimated delivered was in April 20 , what a surprise when i saw in the label of the package `` RETURNS CENTER '' . , the item condition was horrible , the case of the disc is broken , the 5 disc have a lot of fingerprints and little scratches , what happend with the excellent service of amazon.this item is used and i buy a new one , I never thought amazon would do this.Im very disapointment with this service .
 Three of the discs vibrated in the player , one so badly it would not play .
 The product details in Amazon say it has German , Hungarian , and Japanese language tracks . This is a lie . Instead it appears this false advertising merely refers to one phrase spoken by one character near the begging of the movie . If you 're thinking of bying this movie to watch it in another language , look elsewhere .
 This movie is good if you have nothing better to do than sit at home and watch TV . I read the book -LRB- Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep -RRB- and loved it . I thought the video was ` dumbed-down ' far to much and lost all origional meaning . Just sex and violence with no moral . Do n't get me wrong , sex and violence is great entertainment , but it should n't be used to butcher a excellent novel . READ THE BOOK !!!
 Having heard the buzz for many years and being a science fiction fan , I got Blade Runner . Big mistake.Some of you raving about the missing voiceover ought to take a moment and think about what the movie - to a first-time viewer - is without it
 I love this movie . It 's still a mystery to me how Leonard Maltin could give it one and a half stars -LRB- yet Gremlins 2 rates 3 stars ? -RRB- . Unfortunately this is by far the worst video transfer I 've ever seen . When I play it on my laptop , I can see the sound track ! I 'm no expert , but I know a shoddy production when I see it . It looks like they just slapped it together without even watching what they were doing . I have n't watched the full screen side -LRB- why would I ? -RRB- , but the wide screen has black not just at the top and bottom , but on the sides as well . Could n't they have made it fit?This piece of cinema history deserves mounds of extra features , and yet there 's barely even a MENU . And that looks like it was designed by a four year old . What a waste . This could have been such a treasure !
 This is not a Director 's Cut , but a half-finished edition , recovered in storage somewhere in LA and let loose on the public . Okay , the theatre version was not Ridley Scott 's vision . But neither is this . This half-baked movie started the entire Director 's Cut-madness , the greatest -LSB- cheat -RSB- the companies ever made to make us buy and watch the same movies more times.Please , let me have the original -LRB- ! -RRB- theatre version of this fine movie ? Please ?
 Just to add my opinion to the -LRB- thankfully -RRB- many others out there who apparently agree , the original version with the voice over is much better than the director 's cut . Ford 's narration adds so much to the movie . The so-called `` phony happy ending '' , though silly , makes sense to the movie . If the alternate ending for `` Stigmata '' was shown on the DVD , then both endings for Blade Runner should be shown on the DVD . I think it 's a travesty of justice in this unfair world that one can not find a copy of this version , the non-director 's cut , anywhere . Not on VHS , not on DVD , not even on Amazon.com . Please , if anyone out there in VHS land is listening , WE WANT OUR ORIGINAL BLADE RUNNER !
 I saw this version in a theater and I have to say I felt ripped off . The missing naration does n't add or detract from the movie , in fact , I kinda missed it . The `` unicorn dream '' sequence is footage Ridley Scott stole from his 1983 disaster `` Legend '' , the movie he dumped `` Dune '' to make . The only other major difference is the lack of a happy ending . The real story here is that this is not the definitve version of the film . There is another ... a friend of mine saw a sneak preview back in the day in which Deckard was a replicant -LRB- remember all those old family photos on the piano ? -RRB- . Maybe one day that version will see the light of day and we will have a real `` Director 's Cut '' . Until then I say stick to the original .
 I totally agree with one of your customers , who felt that the new `` Director 's Cut '' version of Bladerunner was inferior to the original theatrical release . I am a fan of Ridley Scott 's , and definitely am in favor of a the director being the sole source of what the final cut of a feature should be . But , that being said , I am vehemently in disagreement with Ridley Scott 's vision of what this movie `` should have been '' . When I saw the original release of Bladerunner , I felt that the voiceover narration was needed and added much clarity to the film . I saw Harrison Ford 's character as a `` Mickey Spillane '' type of detective , what with his tough , grizzled , and unshavened look . The narration reminded me of the old ,50 's movies like `` The Maltese Falcon '' , and `` The Big Easy '' . It created a film noirish feel to the film that set it apart from other science fiction films . And , regarding the `` happy ending '' , ... so what ?! I feel it was necessary to provide some type of closure to the story.Sorry , Mr.Scott , but you blew it this time ! You should have left it as it was . Now , I ca n't even find the original theatrical release of Bladerunner-on VHS or DVD!It 's as if it has been totally replaced by the director 's cut .
 Murder With Pictures , 1936 filmThe film begins with a newspaper headline . Will Neil Girard be acquitted of murder ? Will he make a statement to the press ? The reporter and the photographer compete for news . The police are searching for a girl at the party . There was a murder of Girard 's lawyer . Murdock will get the girl 's story . Meg Archer is from Oklahoma . People there were cheated out of oil rights . Murdock falls asleep after drinking with Meg . An intruder attacks Meg , then smashes all the glass photo plates . Did one negative remain ? We see a kitchen from that era , and how they toasted bread . Will Murdock 's girlfriend enter his apartment and find Meg there ? Can Meg leave in a disguise ? Where is McGoogin ? There is another death . Will someone shoot Meg next ? Who is next?Murdock goes to see Girard for a finals showdown -LRB- he believes Meg is dead -RRB- . There is another surprise when a photograph is developed and shows the people facing Girard 's lawyer . What happened to Joe Cusick ? `` You 're parked by a fire hydrant . '' And so there is a happy ending after the murders.This is a complex story with events and actions that occur with no background explanations . It seems to be created from a collection of events to surprise and amuse the audience . `` The Front Page '' set a high standard for a drama about the newspaper business .
 The Main Event is a not particularly funny star vehicle reuniting Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal as a broke perfume mogul and the hopeless boxer who is her sole remaining asset . It 's no What 's Up , Doc ? , but it 's pleasant enough , coasting on the stars ' likeability and offering just enough funny moments for you to feel you 're not entirely wasting your time . However , the vintage making of documentary on the DVD -LRB- which includes a lengthy deleted scene -RRB- really gives away how much times have changed , as O'Neal and the screenwriters make genial lighthearted jokes about wife-beating ...
 The film WHAT 'S UP , DOC ? -LRB- 1972 -RRB- starring Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal is a modern comedy classic . It had style , wit , and was hilarious . It earns five stars easily . This film , a comedy reuniting the two stars , just does n't work.Streisand stars as a business woman who 's partner has stolen all of her money and skipped the country . The only asset she has left is a down and out boxer -LRB- O'Neal -RRB- whom she has lost $ 60,000 on . Her only chance to pull herself out of the hole is to train him and convince him to fight again . They start out hating each other , but ... well , you know how these films always end.The chemistry between Streisand and O'Neal is the only thing that keeps this film out of the toliet . Streisand is sometimes brash and loud-mouthed , yet completely loveable . This film wastses her talents . O'Neal is surprisingly good in a role that requires him to parade around in nothing but silk boxers with his hair perfectly combed . It 's his easy charm that saves his dignity.But as great as the chemistry between the two stars is , this movie never gets off the ground . While it has some funny bits -LRB- mostly in the first half -RRB- the story has no freshness or appeal and the lines are awful . Howard Zieff 's shapeless and tired direction does n't help either.Streisand and O'Neal make a great pair , but most should probably just rerent WHAT 'S UP , DOC ? again instead .
 That 's a hard one to answer . I did smile once or twice , but even Barbra 's most ardent fans will struggle to like this lame effort . The trouble is that there 's nothing clever about it . So anybody who likes ` What 's Up , Doc ? ' and thinks , Great , another Streisand/O ` Neal movie I will enjoy , well , think again . Ryan O'Neal tries to be cute , but it looks like it 's hard for him . Barbra 's character is confusing
 What 's Up Doc gets funnier and funnier as the years go by . You can keep the rest of the stuff here . What we need is Peter Bogdanovich 's first three films as a box set - The Last Picture Show , What 's Up Doc and Paper Moon . Many of the same actors in repertory , all three brilliant and all quite different . How about it Amazon ?
 This interminable wannabe thriller set in Palm Beach and directed by Andy Wolk has many distinguishing features , none of them very good . Probably the best thing is Lorraine Bracco using her slow speech patterns to add character touches to her femme fatale role . However Wolk inexplicably does n't know what to do with her , and eventually she gets shunted to the side , so he can bore us with the labrynthine plot convolutions of a search for a serial killer who over-applies Yves St Laurent ruby red lipstick clown-like to his victims . Wolk miscasts James Belushi as a womanising detective , as if his bull manner and loud-voice would appeal to women , though since the victims are all women associated with Belushi , that may be motivation enough . Belushi is the kind of policeman that litters in the street and in his own home , and has a fondness for faux big band music - Dinah Washington slaughtering These Foolish Things . One wonders if making some swamp bad guys all overweight is an attempt to scale down Belushi 's own stockiness , and he pales next to Bracco in their scenes together , she making him look even more amateurish . The screenplay by Jim Piddock is full of impossible lines - `` In Palm Beach there are 3 lives
 If someone were to re-author the DVDs with the commentary tracks from the Comedy Central CD , I would buy them . Perhaps offer them on Rbay or something ... a legal risk probably , but Warner Home Video should know better.I 'd sooner pay the same amount for a re-authored set , no matter how illegal , than give one cent to Warner Home Video . I feel totally cheated , and I did n't even buy the thing . One star . Why did they even bother releasing this ? Take a look at the Simpsons releases ... they 're in the Top Ten . They 're quality products . Too bad Matt and Trey did n't stand up for their creations and hard work .
 What a waste ! Apart from a couple of music clips and the Jay Leno bit -LRB- which probably total under 10 minutes -RRB- , there is nothing in this box set that was n't already released on the original dvd 's . The honest thing to do would have been to delete this set entirely and cancel all orders . They could have then set a new release date with the REAL details regarding the dvd 's available . How many of us would have purchased this set had we known we were paying -LSB- X -RSB- for episodes we already own on dvd?To find out that I can pay another -LSB- X -RSB- for shipping and handling and get the commentaries on cd is just lame . As someone else pointed out , this requires synchronizing one 's dvd player and cd player ... and hoping that the cd tracks are actually created to synch up with the video . And what about people who have only one disc player attached to their systems -LRB- which is becoming more and more common -RRB- ? And how many people will buy this set and never realize that they can get commentaries on cd 's for free?By the way , the silly intros before the episodes ARE still there .
 I watched a couple of episodes and it was still censored.Have no idea why . I 'm really starting to hate Warner Brothers DVDs , because they are n't giving what the consumers demanding -LRB- Walk to Remember has lots of cut scenes , see IMDB.com ; and why are they holding back on Harry Potter Footage ? Why ca n't they release a special DVD cut ? Like the Lord of the Rings ? -RRB- I 'll just stick with FOX TV DVD box sets , thank you very much .
 Do n't immediantly judge me based on my star rating . I 've been a fan of South Park since 1997 . When it came out , it was actually my favorite show . However , now that I look back on some of the older episodes , I can see the huge flaws in them.The first thing I noticed was that the humor was very differant back then . The current South Park episodes revolve around meaningful plots and have some actual good and funny jokes in them . The older episodes just use lots of bad language to try to be funny . Back in 1997 , this was considered shocking and South Park immediantly became popular because of this . Then around the time period of 1999 , t.v. started crossing new borders and South Park was no longer new or shocking . It was at this time when the creators changed the show to rely less on language and more on pure humor.Anyway , if you want to get a South Park DVD set , then get Season 3 , not this .
 Ok look , South Park is one of the best animated series ever . Unfortunately I ca n't see it on tv cause i 'm from Greece ! So what do I do ? I buy the Dvd . WRONG !!! Why not ? Cause the quality totally -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! 1 -RRB- Episodes that are supposed to be on one dvd are on the next ! 2 -RRB- Worst sound quality you 'll ever get ! Clicks and pops everywere !! 3 -RRB- The image is just unacceptable for an animated series . -LRB- one would expect it to be crystal clear -RRB- !!! 4 -RRB- 13 episodes of 20 min each equals 260 min or 4 hrs and something . Too many dvd 's !!!! 5 -RRB- The extras are of no interest ! except the SP clips !!!!! Result = Do n't buy it !! I do n't know how the english version looks or sounds like but it ca n't be worst !! Save yourself trouble and money , but hey ! keep watching SP cause it 's out of this world !
 I think it is pathetic that both parties go at it here in the review section . I look to read customer reviews . Boycott outside of WB studios if you two have issues . I doubt there are really that many people distressed by the dvd 's lack of commentary !! And NO , I DON `` T WORK FOR WB OR KNOW ANYONE WHO DOES . Let consumers post the reviews !!
 THEY HAVE OLD VOICES which i dont find appealing and the graphics are not up to date . I 'm not saying it was n't funny but maybe because im so used to all our high-tech , i found saeson one old . Now if your a hardcore fan than go for it you 'll like but if it 's new to you do n't .
 Every single one of these episodes is already avialable on DVD . Give us something new !
 Okay i 'll admit this show does make me laugh , and yes the show does end on a rather phylisofical note with a final thought which resembles Jerry springers final thought , but those are the only positives I can think of.Lets face it , South park is n't clever , we ca n't relate to the characters in fact the show has almost no redeaming values . The `` Humor '' is 8 year olds swearing and acting like brats . they wind up in discusting situations because of an offensive plot and ends with the situation being resolved in some matter which I do n't agree with . The final thought is usualy debatible and wrong so I always have a bitter taste in my mouth after an episode . Cartmen is probably one of the most anoying and discusting things I have ever seen . the only character 's I like are chef -LRB- because I like Issac Hayes -RRB- and Kenny -LRB- because he dose n't talk . the animation is horrible , all the characters sound alike , the gags are repetitve and usualy are sex related or have something to do with a bodily function . Matt stone and Trey parker constantly use this show as a means to lash out at people they do n't like -LRB- Mel Gibson in a more recent episode , the Catholic church , steven speilberg , tom cruise etc -RRB- which would n't be so bad if they at least used facts to do it -LRB- they potrayed mel as a lunatic and tom as crybaby -RRB- . I could go on for days but I have stuff to do . Bottom line , South park represents alot of things wrong with television , it 's rude , offensive , hypocritical , low quality , hateful , bitter , lued and on top of that teens watch the show and ar n't offended by it . they do n't notice and ar n't moved by the things they see that are offensive , they have been decensitized to all the horrible things they are watching . Thats why things have become progressivly more offensive and violent , until the day that there are no longer standerds . Not just on TV or in other types of media , but in society itself .
 And the problem is the downward spiral after the first season . I 'd rather get my yuks watching the Love Boat .
 and disgusting ! This is the worst excuse for a `` Children 's Show '' I 've ever seen . I noticed my five year old and my eight year old watching it and assumed , since it was an animated show , it was good for my children . And sure enough , my friends told me it was a great , funny show children and adults could watch together . So , I sat down one day to watch it with my children . I was utterly horrified . The episode we watched had the following vular insults and foul `` humor '' : the fat kid called everybody a dildo and when he called his cat such his mother said `` Well , then I know a certain kitty-kitty who is sleeping with mommy tonight ... in addition , there were tons of filthy sex jokes completely innapropriate for a kid 's show . The school chef sang a song about laying a women down by the fire and making `` sweet '' love to her.Parents , I urge you to protest this show . It is intended for children but not appropriate for them . I hpe to see it destroyed and burned so our children 's inds are not warped any further.PS
 This new compilation is nothing more than a reissue of their previous compilations , only in chronological order.As reported by others , there is absolutely nothing new here , and the episodes are n't broken into chapters . However , I want to add that the video quality is atrocious . I honestly think the quality is better in the broadcast versions -LRB- on non-digital cable -RRB- . I 'd return the set if I could , and I wo n't be buying Season 2 unless they - at least - improve the video quality .
 I 'll rather give it two and half stars . When this show first aired in 1997 it was funny and cool because of its shock value and vulgarity . What it did however was make whatever alternative cartoons that were n't as fast-paced and foul-mouthed seem lame . So obviously Duckman , Beavis and Butt-head and the Simpsons could n't complete . What it also did though was make it seem okay for kids to be just as foul-mouthed and vulgar as South Park . Instead of quality programs based on good content , we would rather hear excessive swear words and see stereotypes and parodies that would make any frat boy , pre-teen and moron , laugh till they are blue . So then everyone rushed to buy the dolls and t-shirts to support this junk . I 'll give it props for being somewhat original and funny but it 's definitely not as much of a quality show compared to what was out there . Maybe the VHS versions of the first season match the quality of the episodes when they first aired .
 Let me start out by saying that if this first season of South Park were n't so great , I would have given this set 0 or 1 star.The 2 main drawbacks to this DVD are
 For such a hit show , you think they 'd do a good job on the dvd production . The audio & video are great , with some stereo effects I do n't remember being on the tv versions ... but there are a plethora of audio `` pops '' that are loud and very distracting . I felt I could n't enjoy the show because I was anticipating the next POP ! Also annoying are the intros before the episodes by Trey & Matt ... why are n't these bypassable or at the end of the disc as extras ? I could stand the intros if there were no pops , but both together are too much .
 My review of one star in no way reflects the quality of these great south park episodes . This is a review to reflect the dissapointment in warner brothers i have for not including the commentaries on these dvd 's . This is an adult show , and from what i hear , trey and matt made adult commentaries . what am i supposed to do with the cd 's ? Press play on my dvd and cd player at the same time and hope that they are in unison . hey warner brothers ! there is a reason south park is aired at 10p . m. eastern . You know why that is ? BECAUSE IT 'S NOT FOR KIDS
 I love South Park . I own all of the DVD 's already produced for the first season . I WAS going to buy this set of DVD 's as well because it included a NEW audio commentary by Trey Parker and Matt Stone -- the co-creators of South Park . However , that commentary has been removed by Warner Brothers , who are the distributers of the DVD Box set . They wanted to censor it , but Parker and Stone would not allow that . The audio commentary is available on a separate CD that you can get IF you pay extra -LRB- the box DVD set w/CD is 40 dollars at the CC site plus shipping and handling -RRB- or buy it here and pay extra for shipping and handling for the CD when you send proof of purchase to Comedy Central . Just remember that it 's Warner Bros. fault ... and let them know how you feel about , mmmkay folks ? And if you buy it HERE ... as you probably should ... remember to send your proof of purchase to Comedy Central to get the CD that YOU ARE ENTITLED TO !
 The episodes are great , but what a ripoff ! The commentaries by the series ' producers are available on CDs via a mail-in offer ! Why ? Because they are afraid children will hear some salty language ? This series is n't made or marketed for children . Am I going to watch the DVD and cue up the CD at the same time ? Are you kidding me ? Boycott this kind of consumer abuse !
 The show itself is brilliant . It 's the opposite of a children 's lullabye , a view of modern life as hell seen through the eyes of children.As to this package - it 's an incredible ripoff . The episodes ' audio tracks are full of pops and cracks that distract from the viewing . The picture is generally pretty good , but with some notable flaws.The audio flaws are completely ridiculous . I 'm not a p -LSB- erfectionist - but these are genuinely distracting . Anyone with a copy of Wave Editor could have removed them and produced something better than what 's been distributed here . You would n't think a major corporation would cynically throw a highly flawed version of these cartoons out to the public in a `` complete '' set like this . But they did it . Many consumers have returned their set to the store as defective , only to learn when they play their second copy that the discs were actually distributed in this highly defective state.The extras are far from all that . You 'll watch them once , then never again . Meanwhile it 's obvious and inevitable that someone , someday , will put this first season out correctly , and probably with some audio commentary -LRB- which Trey and Matt actually recorded for these discs , but which is not provided here -RRB- . In the meantime , this exists as a gigantic ripoff .
 Pretty -LSB- nice -RSB- box set for -LSB- price -RSB- . No library option for the episodes so you 're stuck fast forwarding through the stupid -LRB- completely un-funny -RRB- commentary at the beginning of each episode just to get to the beginning . And forget jumping ahead to a particular scene . I love the fact that no one even proofread the box versus the discs . Got it home , popped in the disk to see my favorite episode , and the box was mislabeled ! And the only good extra `` features '' are the music videos . I guess I expected a little better than this ... . Maybe they should take a lesson from the Simpson 's DVD Box Sets ... !
 Again , the censors at Warner Bros strike back at the consumers . They have deleted all the commentary by Matt & Trey , and deleted the intros to the episodes . This is a bare bones deal , censored for your viewing pleasure .
 I excitedly preordered this DVD set because like everyone , I know that the T&M commentaries would be as funny as the episodes themselves -LRB- See Cannibal
 Received in a timely manner however when received and attempted to view the dvd did not work . I had ordered this as I have been collecting all the seasons and wore out the first and needed a replacement , i was very disappointed that it would not play and could not figure out why but would not read on any dvd player ... very sad .
 It is great to have all these episodes together in one set . However , apparently Trey and Matt 's commentary was going to get edited for content . Rather than give us an edited version , they dropped the commentary from the DVDs and are offering them -LRB- unedited -RRB- on CDs through Comedy Central . See their website for more details . I saw this information at aintitcool.comSeason one has some of the greatest moments of South Park comedy . I only wish the extras had remained intact for this package deal .
 There is a unrated special edition coming in september of 2002 , so you might want hold off on getting this now . I do n't know the specs or special features but it has to be better the the bare bones disk .
 Ca n't believe how many great actors are in this film , Brad Pitt , Patricia Arquette , Tom Sizemore , Christian Slater , etc. etc. . However , the story and dialog is poorly written . Slater 's character goes from being a comic book store salesman to a premeditated killer/defender of call girls in one night -LRB- who happens to keep a loaded gun at home , really ? -RRB- . The story line was slow . The best part was Patricia Arquette 's performance as `` Alabama '' the call girl . She is a tough girl whose beautiful face and figure are not hardly damaged after a violent assault scene by one of the bad guys.I guess she would n't have been so sexy and cute if they made her realistically look beaten up . Maybe she 's just tough like Superman . The best part of the movie was the last 5 minutes . Twist turner ending , and the fact that it WAS the end . Rate this as a 2 out of 5 stars . Sorry I bought this as a gift for the hubby .
 This is an awesome movie well worth a 5 star rating - so why did I rate it 1 star?I did it to warn people that this set is supposed to have a 2nd disc that is loaded with extras like deleted and alternate scenes , storyboards and so on ... BUT!The first set I recieved had 2 discs : Disc one -LRB- which was clearly marked `` Disc 1 '' -RRB- with the movie and commentaries on itandDisc two -LRB- which was clearly marked `` Disc 2 '' -RRB- that was supposed to contain the bulk of the extra features - you know the reason you would would buy this set to start with.Here in lies the rub
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . This movie MIGHT have been great , and I know why some enjoy it , but Slater and Arquette were one of the most annoying , self-absorbed , and incredibly stupid couple in movie history . I really wanted them -LRB- of all the characters -RRB- to die all throughout the movie ! And in the end they have a son . You can tell this kid is going to end up in prison or worse by the time he is old enough to vote . But worst of all is the stupidity . Clarence , the main character , somehow manages to take $ 500,000 worth of cocaine after committing mass murder , but leaves his ID in a dead guy 's hand -- even though the ID was the reason that he blew his top in the first place ? And after his wife is almost killed , Clarence chooses to put them all in even more danger ... suddenly the `` coke '' and $ 200,000 has become more important to him than his wife 's safety or his own ... even though their `` romance '' was the supposed catalyst for his transformation from comic book geek to mass murderer ? Not to mention the title of the movie ??!? These characters are stupid , unbelievable , the embodiment of immaturity and self-absorbedness , and end up becoming the murdering drug dealers they 're supposed to be up against . And they actually concieve a child ! No actually there 's soemthing worse than all that ... its that the movie tintilates you with the possibility of one or both this nefarious couple dying as a result of their own mistakes and self-degradation as they deserve , but does n't follow through . If this movie were true it would be a serious concern about the viability of the human race . Thank goodness it is not . And thank goodness the movie is over .
 It 's not a comedy . Therefore , the plot does not make sense with all the killings . It 's not interesting either .
 The movie was so filled with filthy words that we turned it off after about 20 minutes.What a waste of money !!
 This was supposed to be a 2-disc set that includes the director 's cut . But instead I received 2 if the feature presentation -LRB- 2 of Disc 1 -RRB- . I was pretty frustrated
 This dvd was in the wrong format so I will have to travel to south africa in order to watch it . I checked out flights and they are 1600 bucks round trip from Denver so I will probably just buy another dvd sometime from a more reputible seller .
 The dvd is a UK version . It wont play on my dvd player . It was a complete waste of time and money on my part . Otherwise , it is in good shape and came on time .
 Tarantino writes the script . And everyone and their mothers are in this movie . The casting must have cost half the budget . -LRB- One wonders why Steve Buscemi was n't in on this one . -RRB- However , the casting and the script are pretty much the only reasons to watch this movie , which is about forty-five minutes too long for its plot . Christian Slater and his unknowing wife -LRB- Patricia Arquette -RRB- steal half a million dollars ' worth of cocaine from a very nasty pimp/dealer -LRB- an unrecognizable Gary Oldman , playing as great a bad guy as he did in The Professional -RRB- and head for Cali to sell it . Could 've been a high-powered action flick -LRB- the theft -RRB- , could have been a good road movie -LRB- getting to Cali -RRB- , could have been another good high-powered action flick -LRB- trying to sell the drugs to a hysterically funny Bronson Pinchot -RRB- , but when the director attempted to glue the pieces together , everything came out flat . For Tarantino completists .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** Christian Slater , Patricia Arquette , Dennis Hopper , Val Kilmer , Gary Oldman , Brad Pitt , Christopher Walken , Bronson Pinchot , Samuel L. Jackson , Chris Pennsylvania , Tom Sizemore and James Gandolfini are all in this film ! I almost missed Val Kilmer 's Mentor -LRB- aka Elvis -RRB- , just like I missed a lot about this movie.Get married to a call girl who was on the job 4 days after one night with her ? Then , not be able to breathe the same air as her pimp and kill him ? Get a suitcase of the pimp 's cocaine and run with it ? What was Christian Slater 's Clarence thinking ? He should have just kept working at the comic store and lived happily ever after with Patricia Arquette 's Alabama -LRB- interesting name for someone who `` is not Florida white trash '' -RRB- . But , then we would not get to see all these fine actors breeze in and out of scenes directed by Tony Scott and written by Quentin Tarantino.This film feels like Beverly Hills Cop meets Pulp Fiction - sorry that I can not recommend it as I expected more from all this talent .
 I purchased this DVD and was satisfied w/the delivery but the seller was in Scotland and the format was for European standards . Wasted money but lesson learned . Read the fine print .
 THE DVD IS NOT MARKED TO PLAY IN CERTAIN AREAS AND THE DVD DOES NOT WORK , WE HAVE TRIED IT IN 5 OR 6 DIFFERENT PLAYERS THAT WORK NOW JUST FINE WITH OTHER DVDS . WE CONTACTED THEM BACK AND THE PAPERWORK WAS SO LENGHTY THAT WE SAID IT IS NOT WORTH IT . I GUESS WE SHOULD NOT EXPECT MUCH FOR THE CHEAP PRICE BUT WE GOT EXACTLY WHAT WE PAID FOR . WE ARE NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THE PROCESS , AGAIN WE ONLY PAID $ 6 WITH SHIPPING .
 This is the best film ever made by Tony Scott . Actually this ai n`t much of a special film but it helped to launch Tarantinos career . His trademark , this so called `` machine-gun-dialogue '' , just did n`t got the kick at this point .
 I only watched a few minutes of this movie and quickly decided that it was a huge waste of time . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I ordered this for a friend . It had two Disc ones and no disc two ! Sent it back , got another one with the same problem !
 Love the movie and wanted it in my collection but it came from England and would n't play in my DVD player .
 This latest edition which was released in 2007 is a single disc set and the box says enhanced for widescreen.It is not enhanced though . It is an error on Warners part . If you want it enhanced you still need to buy the two disc set . The movie is great though .
 Folks , As an avid consumer of blu ray , I 'm growing sick to death of studios releasing god-awful transfers of favorite films . This transfer of True Romance is an abomination . It 's so dark you can barely see anything . Somebody should be fired over this .
 This movie is my all time favorite for no other reason than Tony Scott directing a Quentin Tarantino written script . The DVD is great ... if you read the fine print . I purchased , by accident and my fault , a Region 2 DVD . What does that mean ? I means only Region 2 players can display it . Where 's Region 2 , you ask ? Ah , well ... that would be Europe . I live in the USA which is Region 1 . So it was my bad , but still wish a more active effort was displayed by the vendor to illustrate it was not a compatible DVD . Those are the breaks ! I should 've read closely , or at least wonder why it was so cheap.Caveat emptor ! -LSB- Latin ~ beware the buyer -RSB- I felt I truly was romanced into purchasing .
 Even though I do have a tender spot for the actor CHRISTIAN SLATER as he appears in TRUE ROMANCE , I find the story itself quite repulsive . On the other hand , right from the first viewing , I found the opening music so enchanting that , no matter how unpleasant the movie was , I could n't help but develop a kind of sentimental attachment for it . All along , I thought this music was by ZIMMER as the credits said . It was only when I read one of the reviews of the Soundtrack CD , that I was made to realize that it was not by ZIMMER at all , but by no less than the great CARL ORFF . So , at least , I can thank ZIMMER for exposing me to that lovely music . I also want to thank the reviewer referred to above for informing me about the real author . - TRUE ROMANCE has another piece of very beautiful music
 I must admit I 'm not a Tarantino fan , and movie buffs mostly are n't . He gets it wrong again and again . It 's arrogance at work disguised as an adventure . He 's obviously prejudiced -LRB- your Sicilian slept around , The Compton schmeel in Res . Dogs -RRB- , ect . The close-ups of the actors , again and again . Yes , I know they are pretty/cute/important , but just because the director says someone is outta sight , does n't make it so . Oh , and how can I forget the rambling . On and on about whatever just as long as it does n't make sense . Like discussing a drug deal on a roller coaster . This is supposed to make Christian Slater hiper than hip , but let 's face it . Anyone buying 200,000 dollars worth of cocaine should be able to handle a roller coaster , right ? I 'm glad he hase n't put out any movies recently so people can get back to what a good movie should be like , such as `` Trees Lounge '' or `` The Fellowship of the Ring . ''
 The main characters are two commonplace , identifiable , likable people , who very much fall in love , and then start killing other people in an orgy of mindless violence . After his first unnecessary murder He comes back home to tell her about it , and She starry eyed finds that what he did sooo romantic . At the end of the movie She too kills people , in one case for no better reason than apparently to stop her victim from making noise.Now Pulp Fiction works because it is a parody , Natural Born Killers and Silence of Lambs works because in all their excess we understand that the killers are psychopaths . But here we are talking about normal people , and this makes True Romance incongruous through and through . It trivializes murder in a way I found deeply troubling . Sure , the actors get slapped around a bit before doing the killing , but this is such a flimsy and artificial excuse for introducing the murders that I found my intelligence insulted too . After seeing this movie I started thinking that Hollywood 's love story with violence and the way that viewers in general have been anesthetized to it , does not bespeak well of the direction our culture is taking . This is not a trivial matter and I am not moralizing here . Cinema of this caliber is an art form , and art has power.We do get a long string of recognizable actors , but I found their acting rather forced and pretentious . Technically the movie is ok , but I think that the director himself felt that something is wrong . In the specials he rather defensively claims that this movie is not about violence , but rather about true love being able to withstand violence . This does not make sense either
 why do we care about this couple ? why does a 20-something loner who has worked in a comic book shop for 4 years suddenly take up killing and drug-dealing ? why does a movie director have armed bodyguards ? why do all these big-name actors have such tiny parts ? it smacks of trying to cash in on a movie that was unnoticed on its original release . the viewer is asked to swallow an awful lot in order to keep the movie going . I did n't care a bit about what happened to these characters , or why they were doing anything . and why the stupid `` happily ever after '' ending ? if you 're trying to make a edgy movie that does n't follow Hollywood conventions , why do you tack on that ending ? I do n't get it ...
 This was just not a movie I enjoyed , however there are those out there that loved this movie . This just simply was n't for me . I would imagine that if you liked `` Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas '' or maybe even `` Natural Born Killers '' then you might like this one . Otherwise , I say pass .
 I ca n't imagine being drunk enough to find this movie interesting . It 's offensively mindless and incoherent , and some of its scenes really define `` gratuitous violence . '' Slater is nice to watch and Pitt is marginally funny ; Walken always adds a touch of class and Hopper does a good turn ; Kilmer is a voice-over out of focus in the background
 Could have been a good movie , if tarentino 's ego were kept under wraps . He inserts himself into everything and HIS actual life is terribly boring . Tarentino 's films are universally and fundamentally boring for anyone who has ever lived a real life and not just fantasized about having one . His dipictions of violence eminate from his own personal lack of sexual energy . Sadly , teenage males without girlfriends seem to like these slammed together video games that are being called brilliant , and continue to support the trash factory that generates this type of hyper garbage . It 's especially sad when a true film afficienado understands the brilliance of all of the original pictures which he doggedly ripped off and claimed the scenes for his own . If one more person calls this sad , pathetic , lack of a man a genious , I will become even more sick of him . Please get a life and buy a real movie .
 I have ordered many things from Amazon , This is my first Problem that I have incurred.This movie was advertised as brand new . The DVD was wrapped as though it was brand new , Disc 1 did not load at all , Disc 2 loads but does n't play . what a joke !! I use Amazon just exactly cuz I do n't want Walmart Quality , I pay a premium shipping fee and you send me junk , when its labeled brand new . Seller kinda asking me to try dvd in different players , I do n't have time for this . I also think is bootlegged .
 DIRTY PAIR
 I wanted to like this movie but did not.The whole movie required too much suspension of disbelief for me . While there were a few interesting moments , for the most part , the movie did not deliver . Though Barbara Hershey was easy on the eyes and Peter Falk did his usual thing , the movie was far from being zany and hilarious as advertised . Rent or borrow before buying .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I was quite prepared to like it myself -- good cast , intriguing source novel . You hope for the best , but sometimes you get the worst.This is one of those movies where you have to wonder if all involved could n't see that it was going all wrong . Barbara Hershey had been on something of a roll in the late 80s . Why I remember a time when there were THREE Hershey movies playing simultaneously playing at the local art house in Albany , NY . -LRB- For the record , the were `` A World Apart , '' `` Shy People , '' and `` The Last Temptation of Christ . '' -RRB- . In this botch , she still manages to acquit herself fairly well , but it is plainly not the prestige project she was probably hoping for . As for Peter Falk , well , he does his Peter Falk shtick as per usual . It works better here than in , say , `` Vibes , '' but he 'd have done better to stick to Columbo films and the occasional art film like `` Wings of Desire . `` The actor who comes off the best here is Keanu Reeves , believe it or not . Although this was relatively early in Keanu 's career , he was already in desparate need of a `` serious vehicle '' after `` Bill and Ted ... '' and other juvenilia had pretty much turned his name into a punch line for late night comedians . His role here is not all that demanding a one , really . He basically does the earnest , idealistic young writer bit with all the earnestness and idealism he can muster . It 's not Academy Award caliber by any means , but he pulls it off well enough.The `` art vs. life '' theme that is the core of the film is so mangled that it seems like a bad joke . Falk 's Pedro Carmichael is not an artist , but a hack , and Keanu 's Martin Loader character is untested as an artist . Hershey 's supposedly colorful Aunt Julia may be seen as something on an artist figure herself -LRB- or at least as a bohemian of sorts -RRB- , but none of these characters really offers much in the way of vision or insight . It 's mostly just craziness for craziness 's sake -LRB- check out Pedro 's inexplicable arrival in a fire truck at the movie 's close -- it seems more desparate and contrived than insprired madcap . -RRB- If you 're a Reeves , Hershey or Falk fan , of course , you 'll want to check this movie out . But to add to your collection ?? Save your money and borrow it from the public library .
 Wow ! What am amazing waste of time and money . This movie is awfull . There is a reason it only made $ 2 million . The only people who saw it were the extra 's and their families so they could point themselves out in the film .
 The reviews of this movie were so good that I bought it.What a mistake.Don ' t buy it , rent it if you want to waste 2 hours of your time .
 As with most of this type of video ... there were more questions raised than answers given ... it was sort of like the comment you read at the beginning of some fiction stories ... &#34; This is all fiction except where it is true . &#34; Who 's to know ?
 `` Along the Great Divide '' is a 1951 black and white Raoul Walsh Western starring Kirk Douglas , Virginal Mayo , Walter Brennan , and John Agar . The film is basically as `` who done it '' set against harsh terrain , and angry lynch mob , and treachery.Kirk Douglas -LRB- 1916 -RRB- plays a Marshall in his first turn in a western . He was a rising star at the time , Oscar nominated for `` Champion '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and memorable roles in `` Out of the Past '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and `` Young Man with a Horn '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- . Following this film he would be Oscar nominated for `` The Bad and the Beautiful '' in 1952 , and `` Lust for Life '' in 1957 , and win the Golden Glove for `` Lust for Life '' . He appears as # 17 on the AFI list of Top 50 Screen Legends.Douglas ' co-star is the beautiful Virginia Mayo -LRB- 1920-2005 -RRB- . She 's best remembered for her role opposite Jimmy Cagney in `` White Heat '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , one of more than 50 films she starred in . Mayo had an interesting career , often playing `` not the girl next door '' , although I liked her best in comedies like `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and `` The Princess and the Pirate '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . Walter Brennan -LRB- 1894-1974 -RRB- plays a man suspected of rustling . He won 3 Oscars for Best Supporting Actor - `` Come and Get it '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , `` Kentucky '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` The Westerner '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- - and was nominated for his work in `` Sergeant York '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . We know him best for his Emmy nominated role in the TV series `` The Real McCoys '' , and his film comedies -LRB- `` The Over the Hill Gang '' -RRB- or as the grumpy side kick Stumpy in `` Rio Bravo '' , but he was equally capable of playing the villain , as he showed in `` The Westerner '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` My Darling Clementine '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , and again In `` How the West Was Won '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . Handsome John Agar -LRB- 1921-2002 -RRB- co-stars as Douglas ' deputy . Agar is best known for his films with John Wayne in the 40s -LRB- `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' , `` Fort Apache '' , `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -RRB- , where he met his first wife , Shirley Temple.Ray Teal -LRB- 1902-76 -RRB- plays another deputy . Teal made more than 100 films but is best known for his role as the no-nonsense Sheriff in Bonanza -LRB- 1959-73 -RRB- . Stern faced Morris Ankrum -LRB- 1897-1964 -RRB- plays a wealthy rancher whose son was murdered . Ankrum played in more than 200 films , mostly westerns , but is probably best known for his role as Dr. Fleming from `` Rocketship X-M '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- and as Col. Fielding in `` Invaders from Mars '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . Raoul Walsh -LRB- 1887-1980 -RRB- directs . Though he 's probably best known for his films with Errol Flynn , he was a master of the melodrama - `` Roaring Twenties '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` High Sierra '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and `` White Heat '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- - and westerns - `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` They Died with Their Boots On '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Colorado Territory '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , `` The Lawless Breed '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , `` The Tall Men '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- . He declined noticeably in the 50s after he left Warner Brothers , but his 50 + year career made him one of Hollywood 's most memorable directors.Sid Hickox -LRB- 1895-1982 -RRB- handles the camera . Hickox made hundreds of films for Warner 's and transitioned to TV in the 50s where he worked on `` I Love Lucy '' and `` The Andy Griffith Show '' . Though never nominated for any award , his camerawork was good , and he was responsible for films such as `` God is my Co-Pilot '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , `` White Heat '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , and my Hickox favorite , `` Dark Passage '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- . Hickox worked with Walsh on several films including `` Edge of Darkness '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , `` Uncertain Glory '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- and `` Gentleman Jim '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . His work in this film is crisp and attractive , and his studio shots are well integrated into the on-location backgrounds.Bosley Crowther of The NY Times called it `` a solemn sagebrush saga '' and `` a routine western , second grade . '' He was particularly disapponted with Douglas whose performance he described as `` just a little shy of absurd . `` 1951 was a good year for films . The top grossing films were `` Quo Vadis '' , `` Alice in Wonderland '' , `` Show Boat '' , `` A Streetcar Named Desire '' , and `` David and Bathsheba '' . Oscars went to `` The Quiet Man '' -LRB- Director -RRB- , `` High Noon '' -LRB- Actor -RRB- , `` Come Back Little Sheba '' -LRB- Actress -RRB- , `` The Greatest Show on Earth '' -LRB- Picture -RRB- , and `` Viva Zapata '' -LRB- Supporting Actor -RRB- . Other notable releases that year included `` The African Queen '' , `` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' , `` Murder Inc '' , and `` A Place in the Sun '' . Bottom line - This is a pretty ordinary B western , shot mostly in the studio , and notable only as Kirk Douglas ' first western .
 It 's a plain normal western and it can not be sent to my adress . Please tell me why !!!! If their is any reason this film can not be sent to Switzerland , I 'd like to know why !!!!
 This is another Amazon rip-off , selling a DVD-R as a DVD.Amazon is doing this more and more - calling them DVD 's and often disclosing DVD-R info well down the page .
 This Dvd is terrible ... the picture quality is junk and there isnt even a menu its just one continuous loop of biggie songs , no pauses or intros it just goes right from one to the other . Quite Disappointing .
 Like most , I bought this because I enjoyed their other film , ` Trek ' . Well , ` Share the Road ' is n't even close to as good as ` Trek ' . Trek presented a clear storyline and did a good job of introducing the principle characters . Share the Road , however , does neither . For the most part ` Share the Road ' is a lot of shots of riding bikes and post trip narration about how great it is to take time off from the daily grind . There is almost no explanation of the landscape and the towns they go through , and only cursory discussion about who is part of the ride.Because I want to support the guys from Circ , I am a bit conflicted about giving this film only two stars . But it really is n't worth more . The film is short , repetitive , and not worth watching more than once . At a price tag of $ 24 it is n't value for money .
 Incredibly slow build up which manages to spoil the promising points in the movie . A waste of time !
 For the first 30 minutes I was waiting for the story to start , it never did . Then for the next 30 minutes I was waiting for at least something entertaining , anything . Nothing . Then for the last thirty minutes I hoped the movies would end soon.Pity , the movies seemed interesting .
 All the characters seems to be reading from que cards . Very disappointed with this movie . When the intimate scenes started , it was over within seconds . Feels like a PG-13 B movie . Eventully I fell asleep halfway thru . I 'm keeping this movie only for the fact that it 'll help me out during the nights that I have trouble sleeping . Do n't get burned by this stinker !
 I to have the set and when you get to this disk , in order , its like someone elsecreated it . Like what ? The music , tone , one of the 4 eps is a haloween ep that justdosent go with the hole series . Another is the wild eagle and is just so completly differentthen the first 12 eps that you eject the disk to make sure you bought the right one . Vol 4in my opinion is not worth the price for what these people are trying to get for it and is the worst disk out of the 6 . my -LRB- 1-5 -RRB- rating of each ep on this disk which there are 4 . Ep 13 The brave wild eagle -LRB- 1 -RRB- Ep 14 Fright day the 13th -LRB- 1 -RRB- Ep 15 Laon returns -LRB- 2 -RRB- Ep 16 The red rival -LRB- 5 -RRB- . DO NOT PAY THESE CRAZY PRICES for you willregret it just keep looking internet large place . Good Luck!P.S . You have been WARNED
 Any movie that STARTS with animal abuse is n't something I want to see . It was a Prime freebie so I moved on to something else quickly .
 Horrible movie ! Nothing but a bunch of mind numbing lameness ! The worst part was the ending where a little troll with tinker-bells attached to his hat runs amuck in the childs bedroom . At one point as the little girl begs the cat to make the record player -LRB- that the troll is trapped on -RRB- to ` Go faster ! ' the movie looks like a bad childs comedy . I mean seriously ? Instead of watch this movie , go volunteer to pick the lint out of your elderly neighbors belly button .
 This is NOT horror , and the effects are tacky . But it 's still an average film . Cat 's Eye tells the story of a tortoise-shell cat , who seems to be able to save everybody from monsters and other scary things.The first tale is quite creepy , and is a bout a man who tries to give up smoking . The Quit Smoking company try sinister methods to try and get the man to quit.The second part is the main NON HORROR film . It 's about a man who is forced to walk around a ledge on the top of a tall hotel . An average thriller , but not scary.The third is where the supernatural comes into it , but the monster has little bells on it 's head and is about ten centimetres tall , so this is the worst story of the lot . In places , it 's funny , but is it meant to be?There are better films out there , but watch this if you have nothing better to do .
 sstephen king can blame no one but himself for this missfire of a movie , because HE WROTE THIS JUNK ! never finds it 's feet , horror , comedy , drama , fantasy , adventure , and even thriller , it tries to be all and fails at each one !!! skip it !!!
 The movie version of Auntie Mame with Rosalind russel was just simply aweful . The acting was bad and the costumes were not accurate , Rosalind Russel was to much to watch.That only my opinion , But I would n't recommend this movie . Try lucille balls version of Mame -LSB- 1974 -RSB- its much better .
 Rosalind Russel , is truly bad in this film she over acts and dose n't act classy . This is shameful piece of crap.I would chose lucille balls version its sooooo much better you 'll enjoy lucys version alot .
 This movie was shocking . I ca n't imajine how anyone can like it.Lucille Balls version was MUCH better.This film is badly directed and badly produced.Its also very uncreative.Its a BOMB.Rosalind Russel is NOT a very good actress .
 The Lucille Ball version was sooooo much better . If you want to see a good version of this movie , get `` Mame '' with Lucille Ball , not `` Auntie Mame ! ''
 Rosalind Russell , is overly acting and her timing is off in this movie if you want a good movie with her in try ` The Women ' . The 1974 version of mame with Lucille Ball and Bea Arthur is wonderful.Lucille Balls comic talents shine in that movie.Thats alot more than I can say for Rosalind Russell ! boring performance !!
 I liked this movie as a kid , and I read the book fairly recently , which I still like ; but for some time , this movie has seemed like a fish too odd for a market -LRB- And yes , the Lucille Ball version is even worse !!! -RRB- . I am most certainly out of the pond on this one . The movie unfolds like a play , it goes to black at the end of many scenes , and Rosalind Russell plays the part with a manic energy of a drag queen on the stage of an elegant piano bar ; like there 's no one else up on stage with her , save for the pianist . There are props , and some of them are living , but Roz talks to the camera , or someone , and half the time she 's talking like Charles Pierce doing Bette Davis , lots of arm waving ; cavalier pronouncements , it 's all so ... gay . I 'd love to see this at the Castro Theater . As a movie , I just ca n't recommend it . I ca n't watch it but for wondering who let , or convinced , Rosalind Russell to act so over the top , and to become such a caricature . It 's like I want Rosalind Russell to shut up and be an actress . Maybe I just do n't see her as the star she saw her self to be ... Yet , everyone loves this film . I do n't get it . To me this is an awful movie with big stars and excellent production values . Oh well . I can hate it , and you can buy it , and maybe you 'll hate it and listen to me next time ...
 No , this is not `` Mame '' with all that music . This is a screwball comedy starring Rosalind Russell based on the stage play in which she also starred.OK , it 's funny in spots . And the kid is really cute , and the actor who plays him grown up is also quite handsome . But it 's played to such exaggerated slapstick-type laughs that I felt like nobody with a three-digit IQ should watch it.I 'm sorry ; I know this is one of Broadway 's finest , and so on so forth , but to me , it 's just pretentious . Patrick Dennis , age about 10 , is orphaned in 1928 , and goes to live with his Auntie Mame . She 's a wild avaunt-garde hedonist who says things like `` Life is a banquet and most of the dumb suckers are starving . '' I do n't get it . She has more money than sense , and is constantly redecorating her posh New York flat . She is also a fake , pretending to be what she 's not when it suits her schemes . She supposedly has sympathy and all that , but she 's just overwhelming and , in my opinion , overbearing . She 's flamboyant and amoral and ... well , to be blunt , I do n't like her much.Yes , I laughed at some of the gags , and I did enjoy seeing her give the obnoxious proto-Valley Girl that Patrick planned to marry a genuine shaking up . But it was just too over-done , with furniture that went up and down by pulling on cords -LRB- or , as happened later , the preppie girl fell against them -RRB- like a hydraulic lift in a garage . In fact , that 's probably how the set designer did it .
 I watched Mame with Lucille Ball and enjoyed it very much . Auntie Mame with Rosalind Russell was such a let down that it has been a struggle to watch the whole film . Perhaps it is because Miss Russell looks like she is acting and Miss Ball IS Mame . Or it could be that there is no music or singing in Auntie Mame , the singing in Mame made it a joy to watch over and over . I doubt that I will watch Auntie Mame a second time .
 I first viewed this movie when I was a small child and thought it was a wonderful film . I dreamed of having just such an aunt as Mame Dennis . So after watching it again recently through adult eyes , I 've come to the conclusion that this seriously dated film is highly overrated.The cast is really an excellent one and each is a fine actor in their own right but in this version of this much beloved story , they all seem to be in competition to see who can eat the most scenery . The acting style is highly stylized and overbearing with Rosalind Russell leading the way . Her attempt at portraying a warmhearted , wacky character is pretty much counteracted by her phony aristocratic accent and the very snobbish treatment of other characters in the film . The child Actor who portrays Patrick Dennis is an incessant whiner ; I really wanted Mame to spank his rear after listening to him drone on and on for most of the film.I felt the blackouts used to convey the passage of time really got old after the fourth or fifth time , and they succeed in giving the movie a kind of eerie feel . I realize that Mame is loved by many but for me , the second time around , I found it to be a major disappointment.I personally find the musical version with Lucille Ball a much more enjoyable film . The acting is n't quite so over-the-top , the sets and costumes are a far more accurate depiction of the period , and even though Lucy 's singing voice was gravelly , it is exactly the kind of voice I would expect from a woman like Mame .
 I just do n't get it . I had heard so much about this movie , that I just had to have it . Boy was I disappointed . Not funny . Not entertaining . Just a lot of `` dahling '' this , and `` dahling '' that with no substance . Rent it , but do n't buy it . I already gave my copy away .
 I found the movie Auntie Mame a huge dissapointment.If you enjoyed Auntie Mame I highly suggest that you see MAME which is a musical version of Auntie MAME and Stars Lucille Ball.MAME is one hundred million times better .
 I bought this because I have to get my occasional dose of a couple of the songs ... especially &#34; We Need a Little Christmas &#34; Well , I watched it through ... and no song . What happened ? I even watched it again , just to make sure . One other song is missing , as well .
 whats the point of asking customers to write a review if you do n't intend to show it ? I wrote a review on this movie because I thought the previous reviews were misleading . In my review I stated in not so many words how awful the movie was . Glancing through the reviews again today all I can see is reviews written by individual who thought it was pretty marvellous ... I actually bought this movie based on these reviews ... my lost of course . Money not well spent .
 I want to know about the The Chameleons -LRB- UK -RRB- music DVD , not the Russian movie the entry mixes in . 1 star because the page is useless .
 Could sombody explain me what this movie is all about.Their is no point , no moral , no comedy.I only recommend you to watch this movie to see the hidden secret of Fidel Castro .
 I am a Barbra Streisand fan and have been since I first saw her crooning CRY ME A RIVER on the Ed Sullivan show -LRB- Shows my antiquity , huh ? -RRB- . But in 1972 , Barbra had come off glossy box office hits , mainly musicals or comedies , and she evidently decided she wanted to prove what a versatile actress she can be . But UP THE SANDBOX is such a tired , dull anachronism that not even Streisand can rescue this from the cinematic could have beens . The fantasy scenes are ultimately listless and even the Fidel Castro sequence does n't reach the heights it could have . Director Irwin Kershner tries to focus on the feminist issues of this time , but he does n't give Barbra any real characters to infuse into the plot . David Selby , coming off his success on DARK SHADOWS , is her husband , but his character is so under-developed and his performance so lethargic , no verbal sparring or intensity is elicited . Jane Hoffman almost works as Barbra 's nagging mother , but again we see no real relationship at work here . The fantasy segments are so confusing one does n't know what 's real and what is n't . The ending is a real bummer , with newly pregnant Barbra riding off into the sunset in a cab.UP THE SANDBOX did not entertain me , and that 's sad , because even Barbra 's most ineffective films -LRB- Main Event , On a Clear Day -RRB- were at least enjoyable to watch . This one , which some claim is an unheralded classic , really should have been called IN THE LITTER BOX .
 I love Barbra Streisand and I could n't believe just how bad this movie was . I was very disappointed but would have bought it anyway to add to my collection .
 THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE MK2 RELEASE . HOWEVER , THE 2012 CRITERION RELEASE IS EXQUISITE . BUY THE CRITERION RELEASE.I hate to say I must echo some of the comments by a lot of the reviewers giving this the lowest ratings . I actually LIKE BOTH VERSIONS of this film , and I was delighted to see for the first time -- and I 've seen this film in many a theatre -- a copy of the 1925 version in watchable condition and with no shots missing . Unfortunately , the image quality is blown away by the recent Criterion release . The quality on this MK2 release now looks murky and out of focus . The other problem is the music ... Neil Brand 's piano music does very well to emphasize moments like gunshots and pratfalls and I like this . However , the `` Tramp Theme '' he chose is so puerile that it makes me cringe ; he also is n't anywhere nearly as funny as he could be -LRB- the great Dance of the Rolls scene is a terrible disappointment , with music that does n't even try to fit the timing of the action -RRB- , and the sound of the solo piano is just too lacking in variation to hold up for a whole hour and a half -- it becomes grating after about 20 minutes . The movie also becomes boring , largely because the piano music is so heavy and labored that the story begins to seem labored.The problem with the 1942 version is the picture . The first two-thirds or so are superb , then when Big Jim goes to the Claims Office to tell them about his `` Mountain of gold '' , a vertical flare washes out the right-hand side of the picture , and this lasts THROUGH THE REST OF THE FILM making it unwatchable.How could the Chaplin Estate let this get through ? Does n't Warner Brothers have a quality-assurance guy to watch the film all the way through before releasing it ? Jeez ! This is the film Chaplin wanted to be remembered by and his own family ca n't even release a decent print of it ! Does this amaze you ? It amazes me !! UPDATE !!! As mentioned at the top , the 2012 Criterion release of both versions of this film is the most marvelous , stupendous , wonderous film miracle I have witnessed in my lifetime . BUY IT IMMEDIATELY !!!
 Gold Rush is a one of the best movies ever so unless you really dislike silent movies , it 's a must see . Anyway , all my complaining that follows has to do with the this particular transfer to DVD . The DVD is simply awful . Do n't get it . The contrast is so messed up that almost everything in the picture is either completely black or completely white . Needless to say , a lot of information is lost . A while ago I have seen a cleaned up version of the film that was excellent so I know that it makes sense to wait for someone to do better job of transfer to DVD .
 Charlie Chaplin 's `` The Gold Rush '' is a mixed bag . The film itself is uneven as it is entertaining for certain stretches and just adequate in others . Yet the general public as a whole still owe it a measure of thanks for its contribution of the wonderful `` dancing bread rolls '' sequence to cinema lore . Playing with one 's food was never so visually amusing.The Tramp -LRB- Chaplin -RRB- tries his luck at prospecting for gold but finds himself being harassed by the nasty weather , a criminal on the loose named Black Larson -LRB- Tom Murray -RRB- , and a desperate and hungry man named Big Jim McKay -LRB- Mack Swain -RRB- . Failing to strike it rich despite his best efforts , The Tramp treks to a nearby village to start over . A village woman named Georgia -LRB- Georgia Hale -RRB- catches his eye and soon The Tramp is using all the resources at his disposal to prepare a memorable New Year 's Eve dinner for her.In the pantheon of Chaplin works , `` The Gold Rush '' ranks behind `` City Lights '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , and `` The Great Dictator '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , and is generally on par with `` Modern Times '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . In other words , this film is a serviceable Chaplin vehicle but nothing more than that . The silent comedian is his usual charming self from the moment he first appears and he marvelously displays that impeccable comic timing that made him so great at physical comedy in every routine he finds himself in . But `` The Gold Rush '' flounders because the material he is working with this time around is not that strong . The pathos and social relevance that define Chaplin 's better efforts are in short supply here and the film suffers for it .
 The tape is in really poor condition . It is an old `` silent movie '' , but the piano music which accompanies it disappears halfway through the show . You can not make out the `` writing '' the writing being the script that the actors are `` saying '' . Guess I have to wait until the DVD comes out and hopefully is in way better shape than the VCR tape . Waste of money unfortunately ! Much as I love this movie , it is in too poor shape to attempt to watch it again .
 Watching The Gold Rush , I understand why Chaplin had trouble achieving a breakthrough in Britain . The humour in the film is very unsophisticated , at times even ridiculous . Chaplin has had 4 or 5 ideas for ` funny ' situations , and has then tried to link them together to a film . A few of the situations are a bit funny , but the film as a whole is not funny at all .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . The transfer is so bad that it is virtually unwatchable . This movie is a classic and it is just a shame that the producers of this DVD obviously have no respect for it . This is the last time I buy anything from this company .
 I was really looking forward to getting this , my favorite Chaplin movie , on DVD , but now I think have to get rid of it again , I 'm afraid . The picture quality is nice enough for such an old film -LRB- hence the 2 stars -RRB- , but unfortunately this is not the original version but the lame one Chaplin re-released . Here 's what 's wrong with it
 First to the technical issues . With all the tech ppl and all the cameras on a computer screen showing multiple rooms , and all the equipment ; they never show us one thing beyond the faces of the ppl reacting . They saw something move , saw a shadow , saw a figure . GREAT ! Yet there 's never any video to show us what they saw . `` Did you hear that ? '' `` What was that sound ? '' Well gee , who knows since all we as the viewer get to hear is the scary background music they throw in.I have no doubt the crew is telling the truth as to what they see and hear , but you 'd think for a show trying to capture it would actually show us things . We see nothing . This big camera crew and all they focus on is Ryan 's face , Katrina 's face , Michelle 's face , their personal reactions etc. . I 'm intrigued by the topic of anything paranormal and this has become such a complete disappointment . There 's snipets here and there where you get a moment of excitement because they actually show something for half a second . It 's a fleeting moment that passes quickly.The biggest let down is Ryan himself . His whole reason for starting this quest and all his emotional moments of talking about his experiences as a child and how hard it was for nobody to believe him . He seems to have become very numb to this and now does the same thing to other ppl . In just about every episode , he is so eager to dismiss what the ppl pleading for help are telling him that is going on , what they 've seen , what they 've heard , and how they 've felt.In his talks with the crew , before he 's even met the clients , he makes comments that things are probably hallucinations , bad dreams they probably had , mental issues , and even lying . . the one thing he himself still talks about in an emotional way about being so difficult for him . He seems to have become very numb to the people and more interested in debunking or capturing paranormal activity as his sole purpose of being there in these ppl 's homes.He 's lost that compassion he once had in wanting to help ppl and not wanting to make others feel the way he once did in being told he did n't see what he knows he saw . That 's what made this show different and made it stand apart from others . He truly cared and wanted to make sure others knew they would finally be believed and someone would understand.This whole season 5 on every single disc , he does this to every single client by finding a multitude of reasons and excuses for why these ppl say they 've seen things instead of just believing and listening as he once did . The only time this changes is if there 's things that Ryan himself or someone on the team experiences first hand that ca n't be explained . Other than that , it 's all in their head , there 's more to the story , they 're hallucinating , having nightmares , and the list goes on . He always tells them he believes they believe what they saw , BUT it 's actually probably this this and this . How insulting.He does this at times before even speaking to the ppl he 's supposed to go help . He 's completely lost his passion and compassion to help ppl . Even when he appears to help at the end , it 's more of going through the motions of having someone come in to bless the house , bringing in a counselor , and the usual things just to make the ppl feel better.But the actual help is n't there anymore ; he 's completely lost all the reasons why he started doing this in the 1st place . Oh and if you 're a Chip Coffey fan . . Chip only makes one appearance on one short episode throughout the whole 3 disc set.I 'd recommend this for entertainment purposes only for those moments when there 's nothing on tv . But overall , it 's a huge disappointment . If you want to be scared , order ' A haunting . ' If you want real evidence of paranormal activity from ppl who truly want to show the world it exists , order ` Ghost Adventures ' . If you want to watch ppl react to things we never see , enjoy . If you 've always watched the show and been a fan as I was , at least wait til ' it 's on sale at a good price before wasting your money .
 Must say I have watched this show for the '' entertainment '' value more than anything , but with the latest release totally over it . I am not sure how dedicated the '' team '' is to helping people , if they are at all . It seems they love certain phrases and for people that do this sort of thing they seem VERY alarmed if they think they find something . Notice how the show is more and more of them blurting out and NOT of any real event or pick up , notice how they '' see '' shadows but the camera 's never catch a thing , notice how there are hot spots and they seldom watch these area 's , notice how short the '' dead '' times actually are , notice how they always do things in the dark for effect when many cases reported have daytime sightings etc. . It may also be my feeling of disappointment but in this last series there are more and more mirrors , more and more shots of Ryan looking at himself in them , surely he has earnt enough money by now to buy his own mirror or is he just vain ????? Maybe the director is possessed by mirror 's or his mother was attacked by one but something is strange here and it 's not the filmed vision presented which is after all , why one would buy this ! Maybe the most Paranormal thing is why we all still buy this stuff when ...
 Ok , I took my chances on buying this movie without seeing it first because I am an Elijah Wood fan and was interested to see him in a role that 's not Frodo . He played off his awkward character quite well , but it was almost painful to watch because I was embarrassed for the kid . Actually , most of the characters were awkward . Maybe that was the intention , but there were some VERY strange moments that I did n't expect . I just expected more from the movie , and after watching it , it seemed empty .
 I have to admit , I bought this movie because I am an Eli fan . And he was good in this but his character was very weird and frankly disturbed . The movie has very little plot or point and far too many daydream sequences . It is rather stupid and very boring . Rent it before you buy it !
 I admit , i purchased `` All I Want '' -LRB- formerly known during production as `` Try Seventeen '' -RRB- for Elijah Wood , yes , i admit . I was very excited when i heard a movie with Elijah Wood , Franka Potente , and Mandy Moore was being made because I absoluetly love them all . When I started to watch the film , it 's opening was a bit iffy , but all doors were open . As the film got rolling , I found myself becoming more and more disinterested . There were some moments I found myself cringing from the acting . At others , I felt myself doze off into a fuzzy haze of bordom . By the end I wished i had my two hours back , and cursed the writer and director for their shoddy job . The movie had great potential , but in the end , was predictable , and uninteresting . I give it one star for -LRB- * -RRB- a waste of two hours , do n't waste your time .
 This movie was so boring it was a drag to watch , it was cheezy too but I saw worst but I SURE saw better . If you are a fan of Elijah Wood or Mendy Moore I guess you will like this movie but I sure did n't !
 I watched All I want , and it was all I wanted . It 's a film with weird characters , the weirdest was Wood 's fantasy imagination . The movie goes nowhere and is a 93 minute mess .
 to be honest , i rented this movie about a year ago and do n't remember anything except that it was just okay . actually , i do n't remember it being that great at all - maybe even trying a little too hard to be artsy-fartsy . but i 'll tell you what , that frodo is a cute little guy !
 How many times now have we seen movies that feature ; * `` Troubled teen '' * Aspiring to be a writer * Flashes to sceens of `` troubled teen hero '' acting out the phony adventures he writes about . * dual ` love interest ' goodgirl vs badgirl.Yawn , someone do something original already .
 This is a pretty poor romantic comedy/coming of age film , with all the conventions that you would expect
 Rent it before you buy it . I wish someone had given me that kind of advice before I took this plunge . What a waste of two hours and twenty dollars . Mandy Moore 's adorable . I love her , but although she 's shown herself to be a talented actress in the projects that she 's done , this performance is n't going to go down in history as one of her best , at least as far as I 'm concerned . I actually thought that her part may have been a little too overacted at times . Franke Potente does an adequate job of portraying her character , and I did find it interesting how the conflict between the two girls unfolded . At first , we only know that Jane -LRB- Potente -RRB- does n't like Lisa -LRB- Moore -RRB- for some reason , and then we slowly find out why . Now , the actor who I have my real problem with is Elijah Woods . I do n't know how old he is , but despite his age , he has n't yet been able to lose that childlike , pre-pubescent face of his . Not only could I not , as an earlier reviewer commented , picture him drinking and smoking , but I also had a very hard time picturing him in sexual situations with either of the leading ladies . They possess the image of mature , grown women , and he just does n't come off as the male equivalent . And the `` Mrs. Robinson '' sequence with Deborah Harry was ridiculous . I know that the idea was too have a young , naive , inexperienced guy pitted against older , more worldly gals , but I 'm sorry . Where this one 's concerned , I may have paid for it , but I still have n't bought it .
 All I Want looked like a promising movie with fresh bright actors , but instead was a `` Teen '' plot with the same mindless drivel as many other teen movies . The seventeen year old Jones is a similar character to Igby in the movie Igby Goes Down , the only difference being Jones stays a virgin . Do n't waste your time or your money on All I Want .
 I bought this film from my work , despite never having previously heard of it , and going purely by the blurb . It grabbed my attention for some reason , so I bought it.Big mistake.I 'm shocked to read other reviews giving it the maximum amount of stars . Did we see a different film ? Cos it 's absolutely dire . There 's absolutely no plot , it 's just a series of disjointed scenes , making no sense , and just plodding along . Nothing could save this film , not even the actors . Franka Potente has an accent that appears and disappears throughout the movie , Elijah Wood is really starting to look like Daniel Radcliffe 's older brother and Mandy Moore does n't sing . For once . Debbie Harry appears only briefly , looking like a relative of Dolly Parton . Then there 's the dream sequences . I wo n't even go there . How pointless could you be ?! Then the was the whole mother/son relationship . Surely she could have had the decency to tell him more about his estranged father ? Surely she could see the character was messed up because there was no father figure in his life ? He 's writing letters to his father telling him about everything , simply because he has an old typewriter of his father 's , and he wants to be a writer , because his father wrote.I hung about for all of the whole of the film , but never really giving it my full attention , thinking it was going somewhere , and playing Solitaire on my phone at one point ! I seriously considered turning it off a number of times , and watching something relatively decent . But no , I thought it would get better . Do n't buy this movie , do n't watch this movie , do n't even think about borrowing it . You 'll never get this time back.Now what do I do with it ?
 This movie was one of Mandy Moores earliest movies . Her acting was good , she looked real good , and she gets turned down , get real directors , not likely to happen in real life . Franka Potente looks too old and too hard for this movie . The story is weak and unrealistic , Elija is ok , but plays the part of a stupid dude . Do n't waste your money , unless you just want to see how a bad script is made into a bad movie .
 This review is more about the DVD itself than the movie . The 1 star is for the quality of the DVD , I would give the movie 3.5-4 . The movie is standard Jean Rollin fare - gratuitous nudity , lots of blood , and a dreamlike atmosphere . The DVD , however ... First off , the Amazon display image is NOT the actual DVD artwork . The image shown is featured on the back of the DVD case , but the front has a nice picture of the female star naked and covered in blood . So much for the good ... This DVD has some severe strikes against it :1 -RRB- The `` widescreen '' notation on the technical specs on the back of the case is a complete and utter lie . The movie is presented `` widescreen '' in the sense that its ratio is not quite 1:33 - it looks to be about 1:64 or 1:66 - which is fine , except that the movie is presented in a non-anamorphic format , and is also slightly windowboxed inside the 4x3 frame , so it 's kinda like watching a moving postage stamp in the middle of your HD TV .2 -RRB- The DVD looks to come from a poorly converted PAL source , and the image has more combing than a salon full of ` tween girls getting ready for the homecoming dance . In fact , the combing is so bad in some scenes that characters almost look like they are leaving trails behind them as they walk . The combing can cause the whole scene , even static objects , to seem to be in motion . I would recommend dramamine before viewing . -LRB- Oddly enough , the included short subject `` Les pays loins '' , looks beautiful . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The running time listed on the back of the case -LRB- 96 minutes -RRB- is a full 10 minutes off - the movie runs a few seconds over 86 minutes .4 -RRB- The whole thing seems to have been slapped together without much regard - there are mis-spellings on the back of the case -LRB- for example
 I did n't get the dvd I ordered , I ordered the one pictured above , but the copy I got of this amazing film sucked , the image was pixelated , overall , I was very dissatified with the product I got , not the film which I think is a masterpiece .
 I was very disappointed with this movie ... i expected much more.It was painfully slow ... yes some good gore scenes ... but too few and too much dead air inbetween!Unless you want to sit down and really watch a `` movie '' , as if its some drama ... then this is notfor you ... there are so many better horrors out there ... Atmospheric yes ... cute girls . . yes ... some sex . . yes ... some blood . . yesbut sadly in a rather boring drawn out package ... You are better off going for `` Inside '' its a well paced gory French movie ... hardly a dull momentfrom start to finish ... and tons of blood ! ... That was a unique concept and worth every penny!Good luck . . gore fans !!!
 Hot French babes ! Full frontal nudity ! An axe to the head ! A person in flames ! Lots of blood ! You think that these things would add up to a pretty darn good zombie movie would n't you ? Well you would be wrong , at least in the case of this bizarre and often ridiculous story of friendship that goes beyond the grave , brought to us by the nation of France.The movie starts out with some inept Frenchmen bungling the storage of some toxic waste goo . It 's underneath a building where there happens to be a coffin containing a dead girl by the name of Catherine Valmont -LRB- Franoise Blanchard -RRB- . You know what comes next ... the waste is spilled . Oops ! And since everyone knows that toxic waste awakens the dead , bad things happen . These guys were n't the sharpest knives in the drawer.The story unfolds as Catherine makes her way back to her home , which is on the market to be sold , and gets in touch with her best friend named Helene , from her `` alive '' time . Of course Helene comes right over , only to find her friend naked and killing people . I know what you 're thinking , `` A naked zombie ? There 's no doubt I love zombies , but come on , I do n't wan na see that ! . '' Well that 's simply not the case because this zombie is one hot dead chick . She gets my vote for the Hottest Dead Babe Award.Jean Rollin decided that for this movie , dead people do n't decompose . After 2 years of death , Catherine 's still lookin ' good . Maybe they had some makeup budget problems so this was the easy way out . Actually , it was to make their illogical story seem more credible . Had Catherine looked like a Fulci creation , Helene obviously would know she 's dead . Instead , Helene just refuses to believe that her friend has risen from the dead , even after she sees Catherine feeding on the blood of humans . Helene seems to think that she 's just going through some kind of phase because she actually helps Catherine to feed by going out and murdering people . Alright , stop right here . Maybe it 's just me , but this is friendship taken way too far . You have to draw the line somewhere and in my book , killing people so your friend can feed on their blood is where the line is drawn ! I do n't care if you are `` blood '' sisters!The case can be made that THE LIVING DEAD GIRL is n't even a zombie movie at all , and you could make some very good points on why it 's not . One being the fact that Catherine 's preference is the blood of her victims , not the flesh , and we do n't get any indication that she 's into brains either . Director Jean Rollin has a history of making vampire films , so this could be just another of his offshoots on that vampire lore . The bottom line is that she 's undead either way you look at it . I prefer to put her into the zombie category for the simple fact that she 's awoken by toxic waste , an oft-used movie method of zombification.I ca n't complain about the acting on this one , it 's actually acted out generally well . The gore is in full force and they do a good job . For me , the movie would have easily been an average film , if only the story had n't fallen so short . So many things just did n't make sense and I simply was n't able to overlook them .
 Living Dead Girl is by far the worst films from Jean Rollin . It 's slow , boring , sad , and is a cheaply made gorefest .
 I was expecting more nudity being a jean rollin film . I was disappointed by the fact that it was slow paced and lacked any thrill to the horror . I suggest you not to buy this DVD and try Zombie lake !
 Well , I purchased this Blu ray for my fiancee as a gift and was very happy that i got it for such a great price . But after sitting on the shelf for a few months we picked it up last week to watch it and it would n't load . I took the disc out of my player and cleaned it and it began to play but then skipped throughout the entire movie . I suppose I have learned my lesson about buying used Blurays . I love amazon , and will continue giving them my business , but wont buy from anyone but amazon from now on .
 The movie is okay , but the box the VHS came in is really bent , wrinkled , etc. . It really bothered me . It definitely looks like messy children messed with it .
 I 'd love to be able to write a review regarding this product . However , it has been over a month since it was ordered but I have yet to receive it!I gave it one star but I 'm sure , as a Disney product , once I actually GET IT , I 'd rate it much higher.I do n't believe I will purchase from this dealer in the future.Thank You
 I had a suspicion when I saw this product that it was a pirated version , and once I received it , I 'm pretty sure it is . The quality of the dvd is poor ... after the first viewing , it pixelates constantly in the beginning or just does n't play at all . I should have trusted my first instinct and not purchased this dvd , especially considering how much it cost .
 This movie was great but when i saw the dragon with the sword in her i wanted to cry I LOVE DRAGONS and the line `` now sword of truth fly swift and shure that evil die and good indure '' makes me freak out every time i watch it . It 's really the three good faries faults because they helped the prince kill the poor drag-drag I WANT TO TEACH THOSE FAIRIES AND THE PRINCE A LESSON ! -LSB- ONE THAT THE WILL NEVER FORGET -RSB- I somtimes feel like cussing at the prince for killing her they should make a seccond movie where they relive the dragon KISS YOUR BUT GOODBYE DRAGONSLAYERS!From the violince monotor
 This - in thirty year retrospect - is a dismally poor production.The script , so to speak , is laughable and way below Disney 's norm.The artwork is terribly disappointing . Worse than CGI graphics today . Everything two-dimensional and static - like watching bad reruns of Clutch Cargo cartoons . Even the backgrounds lack depth and interest.Yes , there are colorful displays of fireworks , at times . An easy feat to accomplish.Overall - avoid this at all cost in favor his earlier works - any of them . This production shames Disney from beginning to end - and the ` extras ' are a joke .
 Thios movie is not a good adult movie . Trust me , it 's for 4 year old GIRLS . 4 year old guys wuld say it 's icky-poo-picky . And then get beat up by the 3-year-old .
 I was not impressed with this dvd at all . Even though it 's older you should not keep producing movies that stink . I could hardly sit through the entir movie . The sound for the movie is incredibly awful as well . I do not recommend this movie to any child . Parents who just watched it as a child & say that it is good . You have to know the truth !! Do n't make any kid sit through this pathetic peice of junk !!!!!! HORRIBLE I DO NOT RECOMMEND !!!!
 The DVD did n't look like the original one and it stopped working 1/2 way thought . Disapointed that it stopped working .
 Like many people in Latin America , I grew up watching some great Disney movies . I believe that what really made them such hits with Spanish-speaking audiences -LRB- back then -RRB- were the great dubs -LRB- doblajes -RRB- of the time.I was really excited when Disney started advertising this new special anniversary edition , restored and full of goodies . However , disappointment struck when watching the movie I realized that they had decided to re-dub the whole movie.Now , one of the reasons this movie was brought back is to show off the potential of a fully animated Disney classic on Blue-ray . Nevertheless , if Disney wanted to advertise tha package as fully restored , they also had to do the so for all non-English tracks -LRB- French and Spanish -RRB- . However , the classic dubs would cost too much money to be restored . Thus , Disney decided to ditch the old and bring in the new . So they just re-recoded everything in 5.1 DEHT and started advertising it as such.Maybe Disney does n't understand this , but the old dubs have become inseparable parts of their movies . To me , this is not the same movie that I grew up with and came to love . And hence , the bad grade.If you do n't mind the cheap voice-overs that come in 5,1 DEHT , then this DVD is for you . But if you appreciate good acting , good translations , or just simply want to relieve a really good movie and share it with a new generation of youngsters , then , by all means skip this one .
 I am a BIG DISNEY FAN and collector . When I saw this title here on Amazon.com , I thought , `` Oh Wow ! I can get the Disney Blu-Ray/DVD Combo pack '' . And so I went ahead and bought it . But BEWARE !!! I think someone must have photoshopped the picture which we can see from above . YES , it is the 2 - Disc Platinum Walt Disney Sleeping Beauty 50th Anniversary Blu-Ray . But there is no DVD with this title . And it is not a Blu-Ray/DVD Combo pack . As you can see in the picture the package clearly states nothing about a DVD . When Disney does put out that kind of package , it would say , `` INCLUDES BLU-RAY + DVD '' . So the picture above has a picture of 2 discs on the side of the package to mislead the public . If you do indeed want the `` 2-Disc Blu-Ray Walt Disney SLEEPING BEAUTY 50th Anniversary '' edition , then this purchase is a great buy . But do n't be mislead into believing that you 'll be recieving a DVD disc included with this package . The picture of 2 discs being a Blu-Ray and a DVD were stuck onto the side of the title package . If in doubt , always ask your seller before you buy .
 I ordered two copies of the DVD for Sleeping Beauty , one for each of my three year old granddaughters . The DVDs do not play correctly they skip a big chunk of the video and the color is off !! I will not order another DVD from amazon when the DVDs came -- on the back of the DVDs it says made in Mexico . These are not worth the money that I paid for them -- expected more from an Amazon product .
 One of my favorite Disney movies of all time . Just wish THIS WAS THE SAME PRODUCT AS DESCRIBED AND PICTURED ! Bought the DVD/Blu-Ray combo , received just the blu-ray version . Very dissapointed . Seller has no intention of changing advertised picture and description . I 'm not the only one who has had this problem . You have been warned .
 I was charged for more than USD 40 for this Blu-Ray , I was surprised to see a sticker from Best Buy for more than USD 20 , I just ca n't believe It !!!
 I understand I bought a set of used discs , but I do n't feel a disc that is scratched so badly it would n't play , is not acceptable . I know the scratch was there when we received it because it was visible when we went to play it . Very disappointing.We didnt send it back because the other disc worked fine and returning it would have been very time consuming and would have cost more in gas than the DVD was worth .
 I bought the DVD/Blu-ray combo . I never played the Blu-ray , but the DVD was unreadable on my PC and DVD player . I returned the item .
 Cant tell ... didnt see it . . My blue ray player wont recignize the first disk . Which is the movie . But does play the second disk that is the games for kids ... . So , not happy
 When I opened the video I noticed a large scratch across the disc . Videos ca n't be returned if opened so I am just stuck with a disc that wo n't play .
 I was so psyched to see this movie again -- I LOVED this when I was a little girl ! Sadly , it just is n't all that I remembered it to be -- we -LRB- the hubby , my 2 year-old and my 5 year-old -RRB- almost fell asleep on this movie . It is slow-paced and uninteresting . The music is lame ; the premise is lame . The fairies are still as fun as I remembered , but not good enough to carry an entire movie . Lest you think I am too picky , I do want to say that we all enjoyed Snow White , & Cinderella and both of these movies were made before my mother was born -LRB- I am 35 years-old -RRB- . It is NOT that this movie is old -- it 's just boring .
 This was sneaked out onto release on region 2 disc ages ago in England -LRB- minus commentary -RRB- . Although the film is visually stunning and has some nice set pieces it lacks warmth and , with some small exceptions , has no compelling characters . The extras are as dry as sticks and smack of the pompous . If you want a special edition Disney disc stick to ` The Lion King ' or ` Beauty and the Beast ' .
 I remember seeing this film in the theater , not sure what year . It was the habit of Disney to show their films in rotation , one year Sleeping Beauty , another Bambi , another Snow White , Fantasia , Alice In Wonderland , and so on . This was before the age of VCR 's . When I saw it I was very small . Maleficent , the evil witch that put a curse on Aurora , frightened me , as she did when she became the gigantic fire-breathing dragon . I had a few nightmares about this film.I would caution parents with very small children to watch the tape first without the child present to see if these images are appropriate for their child . At times , Disney was a bit too over-the-top in the earlier classic cartoons when it came to violence and death and I can recall a few other films he made where the images were too much for me to understand and frightened me instead . I remembering being very upset when Bambi 's mother was shot dead , crying through a good portion of the rest of the film . When I saw Snow White 's stepmother turn into the wicked old hag I could no longer look at the screen and wanted to leave the theater.Disney 's company was even responsible for a horrible cartoon called `` Hitler 's Children '' that was made during WWII , I believe as propaganda . -LRB- I was able to view this cartoon recently and was appalled at the images and language ! -RRB- So , even though these old cartoon films are called `` classics '' parents should take the time to view them before their children do and spare their children some unhappy moments . I wish my parent had had the same option.The rest of the film tells a good story and the art is visually interesting despite being so old . I give this film 21/2 stars
 Everything about this release is wonderful except that it has a manufacture digital flaw . Both our original and replacement had the exact same digital flaw , in the exact same location . Too bad that this dvd was released without getting the bugs out first .
 Sleeping Beauty has been a classic story for centuries and now it 's special edidtion release on DVD means more people can see this tale the way it was meant to be told and although it 's a great story with brillient animation and an excellent plot it does n't quite match up to some Disney classics like The Lion King or Beauty and the Beast . Sorry folks but this tale ai n't gettin ' a high vote fae me .
 This is another Disney `` classic '' in which almost all sense of the original fairy tale has been removed . In this case , things like rape , adultery , cannibalism and more . In place of the original story line Disney adds annoying soprano 's trilling away , an evil witch that turns into a dragon , and a 16 year slumber party at the good fairies house !?! To experience the real Sleeping Beauty I suggest reading Giambattista Basile 's `` Sole , Luna , E Talia '' , Charles Perrault 's `` The Sleeping Beauty In The Wood '' , or even the Grimm 's `` Brier Rose '' . Disney destroys real classic fairy tales and controls the minds of your children .
 This was a gift for our granddaughter and the DVD is defective . We will soon be going through the return process .
 The defect with the Sleeping Beauty DVD is that the movie only shows in the middle 3rd of the TV . We have viewed 3 separate DVD 's and the all do the same thing . Amazon sent us the 3rd movie free but it still has the same defect as the other 2 DVDs . If you have a Sleeping Beauty DVD that does not have this defect , we would like to receive a new DVD without the defect . Sandra Hurley
 It gives me nightmares , this is the most worst movie I 've ever seen . My mother did n't like this movie because of the 3 fairies in it , we do n't believe in good witches . of course the second fairy who had a blue dress was a very mean one . and the movie gave me nightmares because their is a scary fairy but that 's not the scariest part the most scariest part of this is the music . The music was so scary I got terrified . So please do n't buy this movie your children might get scared like I did also .
 The DVD i received stalled/skipped and we tried to use it in 2 different DVD players . Yes , we took it out and cleaned it and tried at least 4 times . Very disappointed !
 All packaging says it 's Sleeping Beauty , 50th Anniversary , Platinum Edition . DVD says the same , but it 's the Aladdin movie ! Needless to say , my daughter was very disappointed . How can this happen ?! How nice the seller was to let me know I can return it , but I pay for the shipping . Will NOT be using this seller again .
 I ordered the Sleeping Beauty -LRB- Two-Disc Plantinum Edition -RRB- DVD from this site and received a bootleg copy . My daughter is three and loves all of the Disney princesses . The DVD was received in original Disney packaging but right away I could tell that the quality was off . My daughter watches the video but there are technical problems when starting the movie . There is an unfamiliar icon embedded in each frame . Queen Mom -- not happy !!!
 Neither of the DVD 's in this two disc set worked at all . It arrived in a sealed package but we did n't get to see 5 seconds of the movie . There is absolutely nothing wrong with my DVD player . I use it all the time .
 Two-Disc Platinum Edition BR/DVD Combo.I own alot of BR/DVD combo and this was not like those . this case was a two disc holder -LRB- owner lost original case and try to pass this one out - placed DVD copy in a slip case and inserted in the BR Case . all discs were dirty . DVD disc has a chip at the edge and did not function properly . over all , this item was a disappointment and will be returned .
 Item was described as new , still in original plastic packaging . Item arrived in scratched box - no plastic . Embarrassed to give item as gift !
 This is easily the worst disc we have ever watched . Not because of the movie itself , which is a faithful - even gorgeous - transfer . But in the battle to get to see it.First off , this disc includes TEN ads in the beginning ! Fortunately , depending your player you can chapter skip , and so I did . Over , and over , and over . And then the screen went black , and I had to do it all again . It took almost 5 minutes just to GET to the movie!Second , and perhaps worse , is the disc does n't play for 2-3 minutes even when you DO get to the movie ! This is n't a mistake , it actually warns you of this as the disc starts . And true to it 's word , it just goes black for so long you think it 's broken . If you get to the point of the disc playing , you literally have time to go make yourself a snack!Combined , these ` features ' are so infuriating that they cast a dark pall over the entire movie that never really went away . The best word to describe it is ` abusive . ' I think Walt would roll in his grave if he knew how miserable an experience Disney has wrapped around and in front of his classic .
 Whoever `` enhanced '' the colors in this version of Sleeping Beauty ruined them . The Princess either drinks too much or spent quality time with solar radiation because her skin glows pink - when it is not disconcertingly changing color . You can see an example of the type of completely awful skin discoloration I mean in one of the pictures posted above on the listing
 I was more than thrilled to pay the $ 70 dollars to own this timeless classic , as it is one of my faves.The reason why I did n't rate my purchase 5 stars are for a few reasons . First it arrived a day later than what I was was predicted . I did n't think too much of it , however , the problem was it arrived with scuffs and scratches on the plastic housing the cover art . The case had a crack on the upper corner of the blu ray case . I was under the impression that I would be receiving something that looks new as it was deemed on the packaging . It was also just the blu ray case with the dvd sleeve taped over the case . Was it not supposed to be in some sort of box-set ? Overall , I love this movie but I 'm extremely disappointed at the condition the film arrived in . I feel as though I paid more money for something that may not have been as much as I spent . Oh well ...
 I 've long hated this film . For a long time I only owned Lethal Weapons 1,2 and 4 and only bought this because it was dirt cheap and people always moaned at me for missing it out , even though they understand that it is a rubbish film.Shane Black is gone , in fact he walked away from Lethal Weapon 2 when they refused to make it as dark as he originally wrote it . But at least Riggs and Murtaugh were still Lethal Weapons , THAT was the whole point in the films being so called right ? Lethal Weapon 3 might as well have been called ` Inoffensive Family Friendly Safety Weapon ' . There is hardly any action in this and what action there is is nothing more than very , very boring and unimaginative gunfights . There is not a drop of blood and without the not so abundant f-word there is no reason for this not to be a PG-13 . The bad guy is weak . I 'm not kidding you there . His ultimate goal is not world-domination or to seize control of the drug cartels or holding the government hostage . No , Mr Lethal Weapon 3 Bad Guy wants to ... build a housing estate . Well , if that ai n't the most vilest of all evil plans I 've heard of . Sheesh , what a bad man , he truly deserves to die.The lame plot about the stolen guns is a thin excuse for Richard Donner 's anti-NRA propaganda -LRB- he used to be a member but turned his back on them in disgust around this point -RRB- . As well-intentioned as this may be , it does n't belong in a film called Lethal Weapon , especially when you consider the gun violence in the 2 previous movies.They try to make it funny , into an action-comedy . But it 's absolutely rancid . The witless , irritating dialogue is overwritten and annoying and Joe Pesci 's character is in desperate need of a slap . What is with the blonde hair and earring ? A lot of this film could have been cut down , at 121 minutes the anorexic plot long outstays its welcome . There are just so many pointless scenes and distractions . The subplot about Murtaugh -LRB- the character is supposed to be 55 but Glover was only 44 -RRB- retiring is just done to death and it 's so slow . What is this ? Some family drama ? And am I the only one who 's noticed that EVERY character says ` sonofabitch ' about a million times in this film . Plus Danny Glover shouts ` RIGGS ' every 5 seconds . And do n't even get me started on Michael Kamen 's rubbish score . The saxophone thing totally overbears on every scene and becomes highly distracting . And when he 's not using this completely inappropriate sound he 's nicking music from his own Die Hard score.It 's because of movies like this that Last Action Hero got made.The new ` Director 's Cut ' DVD presents the film in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with a faultless picture . The Dolby/DTS 5.1 soundtrack is loud and forceful but hardly dynamic . There are no interesting features -LRB- not that I care -RRB- . The R1 DVD comes in a horrid snapper case but the R2 is a sturdy keepcase .
 Not even LW4 can compare to the stench reeking of of this turkey . While LW4 was stupid , This picture is boring and stupid . And at least the fourth entry had Jet Li playing a villan . This picture has an empty-headed brainless and boring dirty-cop played by the terribly mediocre Stuart Wilson . There is not an ounce of imagination in this whole movie . It 's like an episode of `` Hunter '' with a bigger budget . Mel is not even a lethal weapon anymore . A better title for Martin Riggs would be `` Mildly Eccentric Weapon ''
 The worst entry in the `` Lethal Weapon '' series , -LRB- the first will always be the best -RRB- , `` Lethal Weapon 3 '' suffers from too much comedy and a very uninteresting story . Richard Donner , who throws a ridiculously stupid left-wing temper tantrum throughout the film by inserting little hidden messages in scenes and dialogue , directs this film with a lack of concern for quality . It 's like he was thinking , `` Oh what the hell ! People come to see Mel Gibson and Danny Glover . Forget about an interesting story . Just make some things blow up real good and put in a couple of car chases ! '' The action is only so-so and the comedy , well ... it really is n't comedy . The story involves Mel and Danny trying to stop a criminal from putting guns in the hands of local gang members . There are other plot points as well but nothing of great interest or amusement . We also get an additional member of the team played by Rene Russo who seems to hold her own fairly well . Just rent the original .
 They add Rene Russo to this movie to help us remember that Mullet Gibson is hetero sexual or at least to make us forget that the homoerotic love fest between he and Glover is strictly buddy buddy -LRB- yeah right -RRB- . Mullet still hams it up with his tongue in cheek , wink wink , obnoxious Three Stooges gimmick and then they add Joe Pesci as a motormouth obnoxious cartoon character who actually gets on Mullets nerves though he ca n't see that his own stOOpid antics might make everybody else hate him as much as Pesci . This takes the Lethal Weapon franchise even further into funny book land and the movie suffers for it . It is more like Pesci , Gibson and Glover having a cutesy cutesy good time and letting the fans in on it than it is a good movie .
 There seems to be a problem with the 5.1 audio mastering of the disc . The score oftentimes overwhelms the dialog and in some instances sounds out of focus and is distracting . In addition , the dialog sounds muddy and is difficult to listen to at times . This probably will only be evident on a Dolby Digital home theater system with the volume turned up ...
 How far the mighty fell . The first film in this series was an amazing take on the tired cop genre , finally giving the world a protagonist cop who was not some boring stoic or wise-cracking good guy . Riggs was dark , disturbed and suicidal . By the third installment the whole tone of the films changed to this mindless dreck . If only one could excise the last two Lethal Weapon movies .
 This was damaged so it did n't play . I would not order from this seller again .
 Being a big fan of the first two Lethal movies , I was really dissapointed with this one . It took the whole mood of the first two and made it into a comedy . The first two were like action-drama . Though I love Joe Pesci , he did not help this film out , nor the story , and the bad guy sucked . Worst of all , the had the coolest scene in the movie shown at the very beginning , which tells you that from then on out , the rest of the film will not be as good . I should give it 1 and a half , but the acting between Gibson and Glover fixes that .
 Another 2pac Documentary basically . same research , same matters , some things not on other dvds/vhs . it 's worth renting first to check out . I have the vhs . Ok if your a tupac fan .
 Good footage of Pac with hair from Prison , BUT you will not learn or get anything about Pac from this Documentary . If you have seen Thug Angel and Before I Wake , that should complete your Tupac library . The parts of the script seems to be directly lifted from both Documentaries . You are really not going to miss anything with this one . It is not the worst I have every seen , but it is damn sure not one of the best.Signed Tupac Biggest Fan ...
 Why anyone would want to glamorize or idolize this very talented , very savvy , very articulate low-life is beyond me.It reminds me of the saying , `` The whole world may embrace a purveyor of nonsense , and yet his spewings are still stupidity . ''
 Let 's see if I understand ; I 'm supposed to get all choked up when a no-talent , gangbanging thug gets whacked ? Growing up listening to Sly Stone , Hendrix , Stevie Wonder and Motown , I find it appalling at how black music has decayed and pop culture praises a punk like Tupac.About fifty years ago there was a TV show called `` Amos & Andy . '' It was previously a comedic radio show about 2 black men and various black characters . The radio show was famous and was loved by both blacks and whites . When the radio show was turned into a TV show , the NAACP and other black groups were outraged at how blacks were portrayed as silly and undignified . The show was eventually taken off the air . These days , we now have a form of music that portrays black youths as nothing but gang banging , drug dealing killers who see women as nothing but bitches and `` ho 's . '' Do we see black organizations outraged ? No , rap music is defended and embraced by all.Too bad I am forced to give this -LSB- artist -RSB- one star instead of none . Giving recording contracts to gang members is like giving whiskey to the Indians .
 I have a deep and abiding respect for blacks , black culture , and the need to continue the important struggle for equal rights . The great civil rights icons are my heart-felt heros.This is why it makes me wonder drop-jawed , when I see so much of black America -LRB- it seems -RRB- embrace some clever gang member , who can couch his utter nonsense in some cute rhymes , dip & bop on stage , and then get glamorized and idolized . I see no value in his work because there is no value.It makes blacks look dumb , and they are NOT dumb .
 Another 2pac Documentary basically . same research , same matters , some things not on other dvds/vhs . it 's worth renting first to check out . I have the vhs . Ok if your a tupac fan .
 Even though The independence movement in Puerto Rico is small -LRB- 5 % -RRB- ... they are dominant in the arts . So here you have a movie that uses the Vietnam war to push it 's pro-independence , anti-american agenda.Aside from that , the movie is clumsily directed , badly acted and the dialogue is contrived , to say the least.All in all , a complete waste of time .
 This one is England 's answer to Ed Wood , the worst director of the worst movies ever made . Mind you , the Devil Girl herself is the main draw here , looking like she has that costume poured onto her . But the plot?Well , let 's see ... Alien ship breaks down and lands in some utterly remote part of the British Isles . Evil Babe spends her time wandering back and forth between the broken ship , and the only pub in town , with its three inhabitants . Her fiendish plan ? To take virile men back to Mars for mating purposes , as their own race is , well , dried up.Ooookay ... and , who 's resisting this plan ? Rather than long lines of volunteers forming to the right , we have the buffoons from the pub daring to go up against Evil Babe 's giant robot , which looks like a mail box , and likes to sadistically fry the opposition , and finally manage to blow up the space-ship that looks rather like a tea kettle , in a blaze of sparklers or something , as it takes off . End of story.This is one of those flicks that 's So Bad It 's Good , especially if the weed supply holds out , and quite frankly , suggests a really cool adult film , to my twisted way of thinking . Any producers out there ? Honest , I can make a really bad movie ...
 This is n't really a review of the movie but rather a review of the video sent out . My copy was so bad -LRB- just simply too dark -RRB- I could not see any the player in the scene . I would guess it just over copied , as besides dark hard edges in the movie -LRB- like walls of a building -RRB- were wavy . I returned the DVD and got a full refund . I will continue looking for a better copy .
 This movie had an absolutely amazing effect ! I sat down , ready and alert , expecting to see another of the all time worst science fiction movies that require special talents -LRB- and perhaps the ability to see invisible things -RRB- to appreciate . Then after perhaps 10 minutes of watching pointless dialogue set in what appeared to be an abandoned stage set from Abie 's Wild Irish Rose , I fell soundly asleep . When I next awoke , there was the devil girl and her large aluminum foil robot . Then a brief nap later , her ship was destroyed as the earthlings `` fooled her again . '' What a refreshing movie ! Get this now if you have trouble falling asleep . It will do wonders for you .
 Now obviously since these are not remastered versions for sale , you can not expect spot-free , no-imperfection movie copies . But you should expect a decent copy for your money , right ? Otherwise , how can you enjoy watching this movie ? I opened both Osiris Entertainment & Moving Picture Archive copies of Amazon Instant Videos online in two side-by-side windows on my computer . The difference was astounding ! Osiris video stream was terrible , lousy , horrible , & that is being generous ! Picture was offset to right with slim vertical bar on left of screen , the sound was muffled & relatively low , & worst of all the picture looked like someone had smeared Vaseline jelly all over the camera lens ! The picture was blurry , low contrast , & obviously the result of many-generation copies ! By comparison , the Moving Picture Archive was a night-and-day difference from Osiris version , head-and-shoulders better ! Moving Picture Archive copy was sharp , high contrast , & full width with no black vertical bar on left side -LRB- not offset to right of screen -RRB- . Everything was clear in Moving Picture Archive version , not muddy & blurry like Osiris version ! Plus , the Moving Picture Archive copy had louder , normal , sound with more bass -LRB- & no tinny sound -RRB- compared to Osiris version . So spend your money on Moving Picture Archive & get high quality ; do n't waste your money on Osiris low-quality junk !
 I saw this film in the theater as a kid and never forgot it.As far as I 'm concerned it 's a classic and a must see for any sci-fi buff.It starts out a little slow in the beginning but once the `` Devil Girl '' makes the scene the movie really gets rolling.This movie in my opinion is grossly overlooked and should be ranked right up there with the original Godzilla and Forbidden Planet .
 I 've wanted to see this film because of the intriguing title and the poster art . It sounds like a film right down my alley . I finally had the chance today when I found it as an offering for Amazon Prime members . It was obviously going to be a low budget film , but I was n't expecting it to take place in Scotland or be made in England . I was expecting a ` Cat Women of the Moon ' type American B-film . The dreary atmosphere at first brought to mind ` The Man from Planet X ' , a film I thoroughly enjoy . Unfortunately this did not turn out to be as good a movie . The plot here involves a tall , stern , not unattractive woman in leather and a short skirt with a strange hat . She 's from Mars and comes to our world in search of male specimens for breeding stock . It seems war has decimated the males of her own world and women are the dominant sex . When I see films with similar plots I imagine legions of male volunteers fighting to go of their own free will ... instead they show men having to be dragged off like victims ; they are n't willing . The movie contained too much pointless dialog for its own good and the direction was poor . On the bright side the cast gave it their best shot with what they had to work with . As might be expected the best scenes were those with the Devil Girl and those with her B-movie budget giant robot . The robot was a like a poor man 's Gort . Her spaceship was also pretty neat and the ray gun effects were n't bad . I also thought the explosion near the end was an unusual effect . I 'll give this movie a 2 out of 5 for those reasons . BTW-if you have Prime and you watch it be careful . For some reason they offer two versions . One has much better image and sound quality than the other . You 'll need to try them both to see which .
 Just a simple pulp scifi from long ago . Did n't even finish watching it . I guess if you love old campy stuff you might like it ??
 Someone in my house hold watched this - no clue who or why will not happen again stupid silly sophomoric
 This is a great film , but this is the worst most pitiful grainy shaky out of focus DVD-R it 's really unwatchable , and mine arrived completely scratched up swell
 I love old stories and regardless of the classic vampire tale of Carmilla , this movie is a joke !!!! The beginning starts out with a mysterious murder of a young couple which gives you a sense that you 've bought a unique remake of the 1800 's classic , but the film becomes more of a bad porno . Later , a potential victim - turned vampire is missing and when she reappears in the story , she speaks as if she has smoked most of her young life . I do n't care about the attempt for a struggling actor in this flick and I think I would have offered to burn the script rather than release it . Attractive people but STUPID !!!!! I through my copy away after a friend gave it to me a long time ago ... no wonder nobody wanted the tape . Believe me , if you are a fan of Bram Stoker 's Dracula and the original story of Carmilla 's character played by Ingrid Pitt and Annette Vadim in two versions in the Sixties ... do n't waste your time on the 1999 version featured here . Stick to Hammer films or better directors than this attempt .
 The tape was in bad condition . Mainly the first part was very difficult to watch . I hope that I will be able ta rate better other tapes.Umbert
 The only thing good about this movie is how beautiful it LOOKS ! It looks like a moving painting , but it is a disapointment with the acting ! Fairy tales , at their best , are able to draw in both the young and the old , but this production failed to do that . I could see how childhood innocence was apart of the spirit of the movie , but there was something sooooooo cheesy about the acting , that I 'm afraid only preschoolers would find no fault with this film !
 I 'm glad we did n't pay much for this because it is really awful !! My kids did n't even manage to get through it one time ...
 This is an older version of this movie . There was very little talking through the whole movie . Picture quality is poor . Very poor movie in my opinion .
 So , my daughter and I settled in to watch this film the other night , and I have to admit I was excited . It looked really cute and colorful and vibrant and energetic and just a total distraction , which is what I was hoping for . Instead , I got something remarkably bland in moments , boring almost , that did n't add enough variance to create something special . This is sad , because this really could have become something truly epic ; instead it settled for mediocre . That is n't to say that the film does n't have some merit . The voice work is nicely played by the entire cast , and that Elton John/Lady Gaga original song -LRB- Hello , Hello -RRB- is fun and plays at the right moment to create a dash of charisma , but in the end this film fails to live up to my expectations -LRB- which were , arguably , too high -RRB- . The age old tale of Romeo and Juliet has been tampered with numerous times ; countless times to be honest . Maybe it 's time we let it be .
 The DVDs and Blu ray are great BUT the only reason I bought this version is because it includes a digital copy . But it will not work in Canada , ITunes says it is not available to non-US customers , which is NOT mentioned anywhere in the description , so obviously I fell a little ripped off .
 My tween daughter who loves all kinds of movies , including the young stuff said , `` It was n't good . The ending was too happy - I mean OVERLY happy '' !
 This is the standard Romeo and Juliete story minus the deaths , the tragedy and basically all the interest . My husband said it was a complete waste of time , but I feel it would 've been okay to watch on cable or if you had a chance to watch it for free . Any type of charge to watch this would be money lost . The music has all been heard before and even though I love Sir Elton John , I was n't impressed with the soundtrack . Visually it 's appealing with lots of bright colors and the voice acting is pretty good . The storyline falls flat though and I feel like I just threw money down the toilet buying the blu ray with all the additional disks and digital files . If you 're looking for a good family film or something entertaining then I recommend you skip this .
 Always looking for a good family flick for Saturday night to entertain our 6 year old and not bore the parents to tears . There are so many awesome kid movies out there . Do n't mistake this one for one of those . I kept wondering why it played so much Elton John music . Really , what does that have to do with a gnome or the storyline ? Turns out Elton John 's partner produced the flick . Characters are just plain stupid . Would rather have watched Beauty and the Beast or Monsters Inc. for the thousandth time . I honestly could not wait for this movie to end .
 I watched the short -LRB- two minute -RRB- preview offered by Amazon , and thought it was not bad . So , I rented the movie despite a mixed review that I heard on the radio . The movie , rated PG for the unnecessary innuendo -LRB- `` you 're tulips are limp ... '' -RRB- especially for young children . After ten minutes of sub-standard CGI technology , and worse script , I had to turn it off . Gnomeo and Juliet turned Shakespeare 's masterpiece into drivel . I want my money back .
 The title sums it up . Before the movie made it to the mid point our daughter was board and asking for another viewing of Tangled . At no point did I even crack a smile at the humor . Simply put , this is a bad movie for all ages .
 In this movie , whenever the owners leave their home , the gnomes in the front yard would come to life and have fun . The idea sounds good , but this movie did not work for me.It is not that the movie did not follow the original story . I can not tell you exactly what the problem was , but after maybe about half an hour , I stopped watching and so did my five year old daughter . Maybe the problem was with animation , maybe it was the script , maybe it was the story . Some of the children movies are appealing to adults as well as the children . As an adult , this movie for me was just boring and lame , really lame.Sooo hit me , kick me , or spit on me if you want . I am giving this movie one star . : -RRB-
 There are a few inappropriate scenes in the film , for instance a very busty gnome girl calling out the rules of a race in a racy manner and wearing a blouse with a lot of cleavage . Other scenes with a male gnome in a very tiny spandex outfit that is meant to be funny but seemed a bit obnoxious in reality . We were a bit uncomfortable at times watching this with the kids . I do n't recommend it for kids under 13 , and if you 're much older than 13 I have difficulty in seeing how you can like this film . My wife and I both could n't wait for it to be over !
 once the movie plays it ok , but for some reason when you put it in the dvd player it has an extremly hard time trying to read it . my dvd plays any other dvd just fine , when you look at the back of gnomeo and juliet it doesnt appear to have any scatches , it just for some reason doesnt read good .
 I thought this movie would be good but for some reason I just could n't get into it . Maybe it 's bc the story of Romeo and Juliet simply does n't translate well into a kids movie .
 I just ordered this item and no where does it state that the dvd is missing it specifically notes that it is a blu ray & dvd combo pack as well as on the front it has where it said `` blu ray + dvd '' the + dvd is taken out . It should just say Blu ray since i got this so my daughter is able to watch it in our car as well in the house ... which now i can not , the movie is great but the fact that the title is misleading and im not getting all thats in it is upsetting .
 It 's a fun premise , but the jokes in the story seem to fall flat and lifeless . One of the few movies I 've started and did n't care to finish .
 Good movie ! ... reminds one of a Toy Story movie.Fun movie with a cute love story . . If you like Elton John music , you 'll love this movie , if not do n't watch.All the music is Elton John.The 3D in this movie was forgotten ! . . This is the 1st 3D movie in which i did n't feel more involved ... no wow factors , i checked to see if my glasses where on a couple of times , some parts in the grass look good , but thats it ... The 2D is just as good as the 3D ... I give the movie 4 stars and the 3D 2 stars.SEE ALL MY 3D REVIEWS : THANKS !
 The dvd was in perfect condition , but did not realize it was a copy of the original . That was not revealed in the discription of the DVD . I wouldnt play in all the DVD players .
 All the jokes from the commerical were in the last 10 minutes of the movie . They 've definately produced better , although the songs were catchy .
 even my twin 3 year old girls and 7 year old son got off the couch and walked away from this movie . just awful ...
 I wanted to like this movie . I liked the idea a lot . Cute and odd garden gnomes come to life when people are n't looking and they have a -LRB- familiar -RRB- feud wherein two gnomes on opposite sides fall in love . Of course , it could n't end like the tragic original tale ... but it could have been done better . Way better.The animation was good , but the plot was ho-hum . And it was n't all because they had to give it a happy ending . I usually enjoy animated kid 's movies , but this one fell flat . There were n't enough funny parts , the action was obvious , and I could n't care about the characters . Juliet was marginally cool when she was taking charge of her life , but Gnomeo was pretty unlikeable all round . The best character was the sad pink flamingo and even that became annoying by the end.The movie could have been given more of an edge and yet not gone over the edge . What about the human owners of the two gardens -- why was there no focus on how that reflected on the battle between the gnomes of the two gardens . Perhaps , they could have been former sweethearts or fell in love as Gnomeo & Juliet did ? A tragic death scene that reflects the original could have been done ... with a twist . The writers seems rather underinspired , or perhaps they think that kids do n't deserve more?This movie does n't hold a candle to great kid 's movies like The Incredibles , Monsters Inc , Toy Story , and Shrek . Maybe worth watching once , but not really worth owning .
 ... at least then I 'd have been productiveDid the film make me suffer in agony ? No.Did I enjoy it ? No.My one word description of it is `` Bleh . '' I did , however , appreciate that it was clean . I hate it when kids movie sneak smutty references into them . We have no kids , so I ca n't say whether or not kids would enjoy it , but I felt like it was one of those movies that are a little too dumbed down for kids.Plot
 I really wanted to like this movie . I was so excited when it finally made it to the Video On Demand and I could rent it . I popped my bowl of popcorn . Got my favorite beverage ready . I even opened a bottle of wine about half way through ... but the bottle of wine was to help me endure the remaining half of the movie.It was hokey . The graphics were great but I felt that all the jokes were forced and the story line made me wish . I was so dissapointed . I was excited when I found out that it was from one of the creators of Shrek ... I had such high expectations . But it was just not my cup of tea ... and it severly ruined my glass of wine.I realize that we each have our own preferences . I am not saying this is a absolute NO for everyone . It was just not for me ... and I really like movies like this . The movie did not deliever what I was expecting . ~ TMM007 .
 You know how SOME animated films are enjoyable for the little kids in the audience but still keeps some elements in the film to also entertain the adults too ? `` Gnomeo & Juliet '' absolutely , unequivocally , definitely , comprehensively , assuredly , exhaustively , concretely is NOT one of those . Even if you know the Shakespeare story of the Montagues versus the Capulets and how Romeo and Juliet 's forbidden love ended tragically , the different ending on this latest animated re-interpretation wo n't entertain you as an adult . Jason Statham is one of the familiar voices , whereas James McAvoy -LRB- Gnomeo -RRB- and Emily Blunt -LRB- Juliet -RRB- are not so familiar . The film has many Shakespeare references beyond the immediate theme , and other voices familiar include Michael Caine , Maggie Smith , and Patrick Stewart . Elton John being the executive producer , it then is no surprise the soundtrack has several Elton John songs . Hulk Hogan 's voice is given to a lawn mower , Ozzie Osbourne is the voice for a fawn -LRB- young forest ruminant -RRB- , and a handful of other Hollywood notables lend their voices as well - yet it does n't redeem this film beyond the juvenile marketing theme throughout the picture . On the other hand , on opening weekend -LRB- mid Feb 2011 -RRB- the box office take was over $ 25M , and by June 2011 this movie had earned $ 99.7 M at the box office . Now it has been released on DVD . If you have kids , some of the really younger under 4 children may be frightened by the lawnmower race and then later in the show there is an even more intimidating `` Terrafirminator '' that at first is thought to have killed two of the gnomes in a rip roaring path of wanton destruction . The rest of the film is like caramel topping on ice cream , with honey added . Touchstone , Rocket , and Miramax are the companies behind this animated piece , but Walt Disney would n't have changed a thing . Look for two elements most people miss - the laptop computer is not an Apple , but has a banana logo on it ; and , on the bus that goes by the bus stop in front of Gnomeo and the flamingo character , the placard on the side of the bus says `` Stratford-Upon-Avon '' which was the home of William Shakespeare -LRB- the famous playwright whose story this film is based on -RRB- . I can only recommend this film if you have at least one child in the home under 10 years old . As an adult , you are n't given anything to enjoy . The hidden humor and suggestive tones just do n't exist in this film . Hopefully the movie coming out July 29 , 2011 titled , `` The Smurfs '' will offer more to the adults who try to sit and watch animated movies with their kids and grandkids .
 What a horrible movie ! I turned it off half way through when I decided we 'd had enough of Juliette lying to her father , sneaking out of the yard to rendezvous with a boy , etc. . Not appropriate for young kids . Language is a little too rough also . I do n't like to hear `` idiots '' , etc from a kids movie . Do n't be fooled by the charming graphics and cute concept .
 Did not follow the Romeo and Juliet story . Was a waste of my time ! Do n't waste your time with this movie !!!
 When I saw the posters for Gnomeo & Juliet , before the movie came out in theaters , I was excited ! I thought the movie would be cute and something unique , since nobody has created a video on the Shakespearian play , with gnomes before . I came out of the theater highly disappointed . The movie was very cheesy , it was corny through out the whole film and boring . If you watch the movie you will see what I 'm talking about !
 This DVD does not work ! I want to return it ... will never order a DVD again from Amazon.com ... bad experience . I ordered this for my granddaughter ... very disappointing result !
 i was very disappointed with this movie it does n't work and i threw all the papers away becuse i 've never had trouble with ne thing i have bought now i have a movie that does n't work and do n't remember who i got it from
 This was a complete waste of time and money . The 3D was non-existant and the story was dull and boring . It makes you appreciate what they do at Pixar , Disney and Dreamworks . I could n't wait for it to end and wish I could give it 0 stars . Paying extra for 3D was a joke as there is hardly any to speak of . No one in the theater laughed cept for this one girl who laughed at any and everything . When the scene changed she laughed at that . Ugh .
 Tragedy -- if Gnomeo and Juliet was to be described in one definitive word , that would be it . Tragedy , for presuming that the western mind is no longer capable of an inkling of thought . Tragedy , for poking senselessly at the greatest playwright in history . And tragedy , great and awful tragedy , for denying its viewers a glimpse at the deaths of two of art 's most famous lovers . Even though I be subject to the ridiculous plot , to the tired jokes , and to another verse of the Crocodile Rock -LRB- Why God , why ... -RRB- , I might be merciful if Ms. Asbury had only killed the star-crossed couple . But , no , it was not to be . For , in that bleakest of moments , that time when death had met the Capulets and the Montagues , had revealed to them the senselessness of their violence , their rage and the lovers ' rashness fell to the backseat , and the audience was `` rewarded '' with an entirely un-Shakespearean resurrection.And so it is that Gnomeo and Juliet decides to pander to an audience unwilling to admit that death comes all too often by our own devices . It shucks falsified Hollywood-style romance in our faces and expects us to eat it up -LRB- `` I like this ending way more ! '' Gnomeo proudly exclaims in the ultimate scene -RRB- . Issues of the human experience , the natures of suicide , love , and hatred , are entirely neglected . And poor Tybalt ! Yes , he is violent , but did he really have to look and act like an over-weight gorilla ? Of course ! Otherwise , who would play the villain ? Also , where is Friar Laurence ? Oh poor mind , how you forget that in this world of humanized ideology , he can not exist . No , it is better that a flamingo with a Spanish -LRB- ? -RRB- accent invite Gnomeo and Juliet to indulge in the wants of marriage without actually coming together in marriage . It is also better that this flamingo force feed one issue of the story down our throats -LRB- assisted by a sappy cut-scene detailing his separation from Ms. Flamingo -RRB- . `` But its a kid 's movie , '' they say . And certainly , this is a children 's screenplay ; which is all the more reason not to excuse Ms. Asbury from reducing the entire point of the play to mindless entertainment . The minds behind superior stories like Wall-E , Up , and The Secret of Kells -LRB- all recent -RRB- realized that children are more than capable of appreciating artistic story-telling -LRB- in Wall-E 's case , the children moreso than their parents ! -RRB- . The creators of Gnomeo and Juliet , however , decided it would be more worthwhile to cash in on mere emotionalism and frenzied narrative . And so I say , `` shame on them for stripping away the catharsis experienced by a tragic death . Shame on them for reducing violence to a child 's game . And shame on us for giving them the money for doing so .
 Surprisingly violent and not a good story . Saw this one at a drive in and it was the 3rd in a triple feature of kids movies and even with 2 little ones we left . Not well thought out . Not likable characters . Poor 3-d . Overall a loser ! Even good music ca n't make up for a lack of story line .
 When I saw this movie I thought , `` How could anybody think this is good ? '' This movie has almost no plot and the movie was released like nobody has edited this . If Pixar were to do a remake of this , I bet everything would be different and the movie would at least earn a B. From some of what I saw in the movie , it almost feels like the movie should have been rated PG . Reason is because in a G rated movie , most of the time the characters do n't get destroyed or killed . In conclusion , I say , `` Nice start , but let another movie company redo this movie .
 Bought movie to find out that the digital download does n't work if you live in Canada only can be done in us . What a joke ! Last purchase ever !
 I bought this movie for my grandchildren and was disappointed . I 'm not sure why , but they did n't care much for this movie . They lost interest in it after only a few minutes . This movie , in my opinion , will not become one of Disney 's `` classics '' .
 This movie may be worth watching for its two stars , Judi Dench and Jeremy Irons . The story was slow and difficult to understand , though . Scenes appeared disconnected and the audience was given far too much responsibility to figure out the connection . I never did .
 really bad video , chopped up picture and then sound.sound would work and then the picture would freeze.been a customer for years and the steaming video just does n't work up to your normal standards
 Did not like this movie . It might have some juvenile appeal but certainly not for someone in touch with reality . lol , lol , lol !
 Ok , I had high hopes for this movie , especially being a cool plot idea where Allied spies infiltrate a hard-to-reach German stronghold . Starring Clint Eastwood also added to this hope . In reality , this hope was dashed by annoying acting performance from both Clint Eastwood and most especially Richard Burton , who now is top of my list of most annoying actors ever -LRB- alongside Hayden Christensen -RRB- . The problem here , is that Burton takes the lead in a condescending `` father-knows-best '' style , and is n't even cooperative with Eastwood in the movie . For 2 guys that are supposed to be on the same side , I found myself asking through the entire movie what Eastwood was even doing there.Pros : - Breathtaking scenery - Cool ideaCons : - Poorly executed - Major historical inaccuracies -LRB- this is more forgivable since , afterall , it * is * a movie -RRB- - No actual German spoken in the movie . Subtitles are fine . Why not use them ? - Eastwood hardly speaks in this movie , is portrayed as woussy second-fiddle to Burton , which is not Eastwood at all . Eastwood should be the alpha male here . Who knows why he took a backseat role in this movie . - Burton = Stilted wooden vacuous acting . To even call it acting is bequeathing Burton a glorious compliment that I do n't wish to gift to him . Annoying acting and voice . The lines he utters when walking into the German training camp make me shake my head in disbelief that people like him can be regarded as quality by anyone of reasonable or greater intelligence and standards.Overall , there 's far better WWII movies out there -LRB- such as Saving Private Ryan , Kelly 's Heros , The Dirty Dozen , and the Band of Brothers series -RRB- , so I do n't see any point wasting time with this one .
 When I order this product , I could not find a `` Full Screen '' one for this particular movie.I HATE WIDE SCREEN !! Wish you would have more Full Screen DVDs/Videos .
 Where Eagles Dare is preposterous and stupid -LRB- like so many Aleister Maclean works -RRB- , but it is a great deal of fun if you have a few beers and get into a light-headed mood . Burton is pretty good in his role , but Clint surprisingly does n't register much . He just does n't seem to play that well off of Burton . They are from two different words.On the positive side , Clint must kill more Germans in the last 45 minutes of this movie than Patton 's entire Third Army did during the entire war . That and a memorable struggle aboard an aerial cable car are two reasons to watch this mindless festival of violence .
 With the exception of `` Das Boot '' I ca n't recall ever watching a film set in World War II and wanting the Nazis to win . But by the end of this sickening , cold-blooded exercise in casual slaughter , I was practically ready to join the Party . Possibly I have a naive sense of fair-play and a respect for at least a semblance of realism in my war movies , but I simply did not enjoy a film , even an action film , where the majority of the `` action '' consists of watching the `` good guys '' slip behind unsuspecting Germans to slit their throats , shoot them in the back or , in what may be the single most needlessly gratutiious scene in film history , boot one of them to his death from a cable car after listening to him beg and plead for mercy for what seems like fifteen minutes . What really sucks about `` Eagles '' is that the production values -LRB- lush , with excellent attention to costume detail and equipment -RRB- , actors -LRB- Burton and Eastwood , no more need be said , plus solid support -RRB- and plot -LRB- twists until the last scene -RRB- are all quite good . It 's the characters that stink . Burton -LRB- `` Smith '' -RRB- and Eastwood -LRB- `` Schiffer '' -RRB- are one-dimensional killers with all the charm of that knife they keep usuing to cut windpipes . An action flick should never allow you to identify with the enemy -- especially in the film like this , where the body count is in the low hundreds , but many of the kill scenes look more like Jason Voorhees at work at Camp Crystal Lake than `` The Longest Day . '' When they lure the hapless , unsuspecting German helicopter pilot into the shed and slit his throat , I felt like I was watching a murder . Furthermore , the battle scenes have all the realism of a Tom and Jerry cartoon . Honestly , the Cylons on `` Battlestar Galactica '' were smarter than the German soldiers in this film . It does zero justice to the 450,000 Americans who died in the war to make it look like all we needed was Eastwood and Burton . If you like slam-bang action that defies logic , watch `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' or `` The Magnificent Seven . '' If you like cartoon violence in war films , watch `` Bataan . '' If you like this kind of crap , just go rent `` Faces of Death '' and be done with it .
 I hate to interrupt the Amazon.com meeting of the `` Where Eagles Dare '' fan club , but this movie is BUMF . Yeah , you heard me . DRIVEL . Sadistic , cold-blooded , silly , irresponsible BOSH . I was horrified to read a post by one fellow who said this was the first WW2 movie he had ever seen . This is most certainly not a war movie . `` Die Brucke '' is a war movie ; `` The Longest Day '' is a war movie ; `` Saving Private Ryan '' is a war movie . This is a British revenge fantasy , in which the Germans are portrayed as human targets who ca n't hit a target as wide as Richard Burton even at point-blank range . I can practically hear my relatives killed in The Big One turning over in their graves at this silly revisionist history , which is sort of like `` Hogans Heroes '' with a lot more killing.For starters , the gratuitous cruelty of this film has no place given the otherwise cartoon-like atmosphere . Graphic shots of people having their throats cut or begging for mercy before being killed should be saved for real war movies and not cheap entertainment . Soldiers are expected to have at least a modicum of respect for their enemy , especially soldiers who must have lived for many years in the enemy country before the war -LRB- how else could they pass as Germans ? -RRB- and must have had German friends or relatives , especially Eastwood 's `` Schiffer '' -- a German name . Eastwood and Burton kill brutally , mercilessly , and without a flicker of human feeling , not even hate -LRB- which would have made their actions more understandable -RRB- . The Germans are subhuman cockroaches , period , and even the quasi-sympathetic ones , such as the harmless helicopter pilot , are brutally knocked off . The only emotion Eastwood shows in the whole film is a smirk right before -LRB- or immediately after -RRB- he kills some hapless , unsuspecting German clerk or radio operator . Clearly his character gets a kick out of killing people . It ai n't a job if you enjoy it ! This is the type of film that could have only been written by a man with no grasp of what real warfare or violence are like , who also possesses more than a bit of neurotic cruelty . The Germans are n't just beaten in this film , they are annihilated . And the cable car scene is unforgivable . That silenced pistol magically never has to be reloaded when Eastwood or Burton has it , but it runs out of ammo just when the bad guy gets it ? And why was it necessary to listen to the double-agent beg for his life for ten minutes before killing him ? The entire scene was written for that purpose . That final `` pleeeeeeeeease '' just before Burton kicks him to his death -LRB- with one last , lingering close-up on his terror-crazed face -RRB- is sheer cowardly sadism , not to mention a false note . This double-agent was the same sort of guy as Burton 's Maj. Smith . He should have been a more worthy adversary , not a man who spent most of the movie screaming for mercy . Do people really find this kind of thing entertaining ? Has anybody who gave this film five stars ever actually seen combat , or seen a person who has had his throat cut?This kind of film sets me off primarily because it reinforces the ridiculous , revisionist-historical notion set forth in about 2,000 other war movies that the Germans were robotic clods in battle , easily mowed down by tough , heroic Allied soldiers . Bumf ! Between 1939 and 1942 the British army did not win one , as in zero , battles against the Germans . That 's three whole years without a win ! If anyone in the war deserved the bumbling , hapless reputation besides the early USSR it was the British Army prior to 1943 . Naturally , after the war , history was re-written so that the Germans were at once portrayed as , on the one hand , this monsterous force threatening the whole world , and on the other , as complete boobs who could n't help jumping into machine gun fire given half a chance . Twaddle ! Either they were a world-threatening menace , in which case they should be respected as the tough opponents they were , or they were witless clods , in which case killing them was not heroic but simply a matter of taking out the trash . To take both views is intellectual cowardice of the highest order . One does not have to be sympathetic to Germany or Nazism to demand that they get their due as soldiers.The name of the movie irks me further . `` Where Eagles Dare '' implies heroism of the first order . Is sneaking up behind a man who thinks you are on his side because you are in his uniform -LRB- a war crime -RRB- clamping your hand over his mouth to prevent him from screaming , and then slicing open his windpipe and jugular so he chokes to death on his own blood your definition of heroic behavior ? And if you must show it , show it for what it is -- ugly , vicious , nasty , soul-damaging -- not as casual as a minor surgical operation . Do not exploit it for cheap entertainment ... as if it were fun and relatively painless . Getting killed hurts , even for the Germans . Eagles ? I do n't think so . Truth be told , if this film were properly named , it would be known as `` Where Vultures Dare . ''
 This movie is why all of the WWII vets cheered Saving Private Ryan for it 's realism . Eagles Dare has not one shread of realism . Clint and Burton kill everything that moves without a scratch or reload . The Germans are potrayed like complete idiots falling over like bowling pins . Basically the plot goes like this : Burton tells Clint `` See that iron fortress on the cliff with the 4000 Germans . Where going to sneak in , rescue a hostage and kill at least 500 guards . Here is an extra magazine in case you need to reload . Oh yeah , see these 4 British agents who are going in with us . They are actually German agents who are trying to kill us too . `` If your looking for realism , good acting , or just a good movie do n't go here . Even true Eastwood fans will have a difficult time with this one .
 `` Where Eagles Dare '' does n't mean that you should . Richard Burton is hard to believe as a British special operations officer/agent because he looks so out of shape . He must have been in it for the money to take a script with strong teenage appeal . He and his team which includes a minor role for Clint Eastwood -LRB- who should have been called Major Minor -RRB- plays an American Army Ranger , Lieutenant Shaeffer . -LRB- That sounds American enough -RRB- . Of course , they both speak German except they never use any even when speaking to Germans , not even a simple `` Gesundheit '' after a sneeze . Someone in their very British looking team is a double agent who they have to identify while breaking into a heavily-defended schloss to rescue an American actor playing the part of a general before the Germans find out that he 's just a corporal and an actor . -LRB- That 's surely worth a 10-man firing squad ! Oh yes , they then have to break out of the schloss , get to an airfield , and of course , get back to England . Look for a goofy-looking , bad-acting , curly blonde haired , blue-eyed SS officer odd-ball who speaks English as a good `` Cherman '' would saying `` I sinks '' -LRB- I think -RRB- , and a beautiful blonde in a 60 's style hair coif constantly blinking her eyes as she fires her submachine gun -LRB- and they were blanks -RRB- . Look for a generous amount of Germans unable to shoot an elephant in a telephone booth , an allied team that conceives of every possible German move , bad acting and overacting -- `` What now , Major ? '' Wow ! That was drama!How about a nice game of solitaire ?
 When I was a kid I thought I really liked this movie . But in today 's standards and acting quality , the premise is good but I realize the acting and dialogue are just terrible . Why in the world is Richard Burton 's face always clean and made up ? Terrible acting , lack of expression especially the women . Too much left to the imagination . On a scale of 10 , I would rate it a 3 . Such a waste of resources considering the location of the film shooting . They should remake this movie .
 Typical blockbuster war flick from the mid-60s . A couple of big-buck movie stars -LRB- Richard Burton & Clint Eastwood , -RRB- exotic foreign locales , lots of big explosions , and a roach nest of enemy soldiers who , conveniently , seem incapable of hitting the broad side of a barn . From ten feet . With a 100-round sub-machine gun on a tripod . With a back wind.The set-up 's fairly intriguing
 It 's a shame the screen format with the two black strips all across the display of your TV . That should be improved.The film contents is excellent .
 Overall the movie had a bit of a cheesy quality , but the banter between Robert Downey Jr. and Mel Gibson is pretty good . Do n't go out of your way to rent this unless you are a diehard fan of either star . I went out of my way to see it simply because I ca n't resist the boyish , irresistable charm of Robert Downey Jr. . In that respect , I was n't disappointed .
 Great movie , unfortunatly it only plays in monotone not stereo Dolby like it says on the case . I played it on 3 different DVD players with the same result . Rather distracting .
 It starts off pretty well , then decides it does n't want to be a Mash type of film but wants to be a big buddy buddy action flick . Yet it 's not that either.It winds up being a mess of uninspired satire , that has Mel Gibson spouting off a series of trying too hard to be funny one liners . The story is about the CIA 's secret drug smuggling for cooperation and arms in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war . It can never decide if it 's just a glib buddy buddy action film or satire with an edge and winds up being a crass over-produced failure . Robert Downey Jr. is enjoyable for a while but no one is given anything resembling a real character to play . And the parade of stereotypical characters , ethnic insults and missed opportunities becomes numbing after a while.Chris Jarmick , Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder Available End of January 2001 ...
 AIR AMERICA -LRB- 1990 -RRB- Directed by Robert Spottiswoode.Starring Mel Gibson , Burt Kwouk , Lane Smith , Nancy Travis and Robert Downey Jr.In 1969 Laos , the CIA ran a covert air fleet that dropped much needed supplies to our allies in the fight against the Communist aggression in Indochina.According to this film what it ACTUALLY was was an EVIL conspiracy by the EVIL Nixon administration , the EVIL CIA , the Mafia and the EVIL South Vietnamese to supply cocaine to our troops fighting in neighboring Vietnam.Meanwhile the pilots of said fleet ... being drunken and incompetent ... engage in much MASH/ANIMAL HOUSE type hyjinks before being taught a moral lesson by Liberals Robert Downey Jr and Nancy Travis.Meant to be an `` action comedy '' in the style of the two aforementioned films including the HYSTERICAL final blutbs telling the viewer what happened to the characters after the film ended ... mostly being about Iran Contra and potshots against Thailand presumably in payback for not going Red when the dominos started falling in 1975 , the film , yet another attempt to repair the damage done to the standard propaganda line about the Vietnam War by the Rambo films , has wretched action consistently mostly of endless and dull plane wrecks and the worst non-comedy it is impossible to imagine . For example when caught in a violent storm , two characters pull out crayons and start working on a coloring book.Oh the side splitting wit.Obviously what the film is a trojan horse pretending to be an `` action comedy '' merely to lure the suckers in so Spottiswoode ... the man who gave us one of the worst James Bond movies TOMORROW NEVER DIES ... . can hit them upside their heads with commie prop so purile and moronic that it makes Oliver Stone and George Clooney look subtle and honest . The core retardedness of the above described EVIL CIA plot needs no comment and Spottiswoode follows it up with a speech shoved in poor Gibson 's mouth about how he became dillusioned with the Cold War when he found out that the Russians are party animals on Saturday night . I played the speech three times to be sure I was understanding it correctly . It staggers that ANYONE ... even a liberal . . not only wrote such dribble but then thought it worthy of a major motion picture !! The rest is the standard boilerplate . The film 's two CIA agents are basically a cross between Major Burns in MASH and Dean Wormer in ANIMAL HOUSE and about as real . The supposed real enemies in the Vietnam War are shown to be the South Vietnamese and the American govt and to shovel this , of course , requires the noticable absence of any inconvenient Communist troops . So we get an action comedy about the Vietnam War without any action , comedy or the Vietnam War.The `` comedy '' sections , as indicated are grueling and badly done . The dialogue consists mostly of people shouting MY ASS over and over again . Travis plays the same thankless shrill liberal harridan that seems to be her lot in life . Her character is annoying . Downey plays a `` rebel '' in the style of Bill Murray or John Belushi . His character is annoying . And both annoying characters exist to preach to stupid American Gibson cast in a painful propped up support part that is impossible to make work on any level . Kwouk , as the EVIL South Vietnames general -LRB- He loves America and wants to move their someday , you see -RRB- gives the best performance in the film and steals every scene he is in.Spottiswoode really does not give a damn about his main cast in any case prefering to spend the majority of his time with his commie prop . Consequently the two sections of the film never really mesh and it is like watch two seperate but equally crappy movies.A very bad film.It is difficult to imagine even a liberal liking it.But I am probably wrong there .
 Not the best movie . I am a movie fanatic and this played no high role in the cinema recommendations . Thanks .
 Released as `` ffolkes '' outside the United Kingdom , `` North Sea Hijack '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- provides Roger Moore with a surprisingly good character role . However , one wishes this action thriller was more effective . Director Andrew V. McLaglen can not salvage a formulaic script and lackluster production values . The solid cast -LRB- including James Mason and Anthony Perkins -RRB- makes for an OK time-filler . McLaglen and Moore fared better with `` The Wild Geese '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- .
 In ffolkes , Roger Moore plays a James Bond-type of role . He is the head of a specialized , anti-terror type group that is contracted by the British government to rescue a massive oil rig platform that is being held for a hefty , king 's ransom . The head of the crew holding the platform for ransom , played by Anthony Perkins , is probably miscast . I still just see him as Tony Perkins from PSYCHO.A mild-adventure film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen , who did a superb job with Moore , Richard Burton and Richard Harris in THE WILD GEESE -LRB- A DEFINITE must-see and must-have for any video collection -RRB- , ffolkes is a race against the clock for his crack underwater demolitions crew to find the explosives and then conduct their assault on the oil derrick before it gets blown to pieces . Moore 's character as ffolkes does not like women or rewards or medals , but has a big fondness for cats .
 The VHS copy was less than 1/3 the quality of the copy I made from TV . It is a great film , but the copy being distributed must be a pirate copy .
 Always a favorite , albiet obscure , film for action lovers , Ffolkes delivers great action with the wit and charm of Roger Moore . Anthony Perkins is spectacular as a psychopath -LRB- no suprise here -RRB- . Rated simply on the merits of content , Ffolkes is a five star film all the way ! However , if you 're wondering about the massive price differential between the two offered versions of the film , here is some insight . I purchased the less expensive version and recieved what amounted to a terrible quality pirated video . I expect you could get the same quality by setting up the camcorder in front of your TV .
 I am not in the habit of giving bad reviews , but this one deserves it . Watching the movie made me wonder if Roger Moore was going to actually say `` I 'm only doing this for the money '' . There are better action movies , better thrillers , and better political commentaries.Catch this some late night on an obscure cable channel , save your money .
 I remember this movie from the early ' 80 's and loved it them . The edition which I received was an edited version and was not as good as I remember .
 never got this item . was not told until after the it was passed due that i would not recieve . have not gotten refund yet .
 Yes , I bought this flick because of other named `` La Marge '' -- what a huge gap . Title is misleading as word love could be interpreted in numerous ways and in this opus the producer just put together pieces to make something . I have to admit we see Paris , streets , subway and people at specific moments but so what . I need movie , ideas , imagination and if title says love give me love . Some skin but no private parts , female actors below average looking.For no reason I remember `` Seven beauties '' where females are really ugly but it didnt stop me from considering said movie to be best.Avoid .
 Another melodrama , which seemed to be a typical requirement of the era . It 's too sweet at times , too artificially tragic and too non-believable , all leading to a happy-end . Still a `` watchable '' film , but one wo n't miss much by skipping it . For completists only .
 I HAVE RETURNED THIS OVER A WEEK AGO . I THOUGHT THAT THIS WAS THE ORINGINAL JANUS FILMS RELEASE IN VHS , BUT THIS IS A KNOCK OFF VERY POOR , EXTEMELY POOR COPY MADE FROM WHAT LOOKS LIKE POINTING A CONSMER VHS CAMERA AT A SCREEN USING AN OLD 16MM PRINT OF SUCH VERY POOR QUALITY THAT IT IS HAD TO SEE THAT IS WHY IT WAS RETURNED FOR FULL REFUND . IF FOR SOME REASON THAT THE REFUND DOES NOT COME I WILL MAKE A CLAIM WITH MY CREDIT CARD COMPANY . DENNIS PIES
 Who knew demonic possession could be so boring ? In `` Beyond Evil '' Larry -LRB- John Saxon -RRB- and Barbara -LRB- Lynda Day George -RRB- are newlyweds who have come to live on a very small island so Larry can oversee the construction of some luxury condominiums . The improbable plot has Larry 's friend and business associate , Del Giorgio -LRB- Michael Dante , -RRB- buying Larry and Barbara a giant house as a goodwill gesture . Several things just do n't make sense , starting with the plotpoint that Del is not only a friend of Larry but a former love of Barbara -LRB- this normally does n't bode well . -RRB- Del is also a schemer who is n't especially reliable . There are lots of other characters pretending to cause a plot to happen , but they do n't matter . What does matter is that the house that Del bought is haunted , and the ghost promptly possesses Barbara , who chews the scenery without mercy.There are subplots about banking , psychic surgery , and crypt destruction -LRB- among others -RRB- but despite all this , director Herb Freed ca n't make a silk purse out of a sow 's ear . None of the characters are likeable , and when widespread mayhem is visited upon people in the film , it elicits no emotional response from the audience . The whole possession theme was hot in the late 1970s and early 1980s
 The only thing scary about Beyond Evil is the fact that one professional reviewer called it `` shamelessly bloodthirsty '' at the time of its release . The film was reportedly a big hit at drive-ins in 1980 ; this does a lot to explain why the drive-in movie business crashed and burned in the early 1980s , I think . The plot summary sounds unoriginal but promising
 A friend told me about this movie and sugested I watch it , but in all honesty I didnt enjoy the movie what so everdidnt find it any good : -LRB-
 Beyond Evil -LRB- Herb Freed , 1980 -RRB- Wow -- what a thoroughly awful movie this is . It 's got some interesting ideas , but they are completely buried under an awful script , bad acting , and some of the worst special effects imaginable -- this is another of those no-budget Z-grade pics where green beams actually shoot out of the bad guy 's eyes . Yes , literally . It should be some sort of rule that green beams shooting out of the bad guy 's eyes means you 're guaranteed an awful movie . On top of that , you can pile bad new age-y philosophical crap , some really bad stuntwork , and , oh , did I mention the bad acting and awful script already ? *
 While your watching the movie , just keep repeating to yourself
 Strong visual values mark this film , and the camera 's capture of that splendrous quality of light distinctive to sub-Saharan Africa nearly gives one the perception of a travelogue for Kenya at its most captivating ; however , an unfortunate inclusion of a weak storyline drops the work to a juvenile level appropriate to its targeted audience . The opening scene shows poachers dispatching an elephant cow and an unsuccessful attempt to seize her calf -LRB- that becomes a featured performer here -RRB- , and during the next scene an American divorcee , Beverly -LRB- Stephanie Zimbalist -RRB- and her pre-teen son deplane , prepared to vacation at a ranch managed by a reformed hunter , Clive Potter -LRB- Julian Sands -RRB- who has founded an animal orphanage upon his land . The boy promptly makes a friend with a local youngster of about the same age , and the two become involved in an endeavour to regain the mentioned elephant orphan , `` Ellie '' , from her new owner , Etheridge , an American whose acquisition of the beast for his plantation in Florida will fiscally support Clive 's animal sanctuary for a year and more . The film then focusses upon an attempt by Etheridge to retrieve his pachyderm from the two boys , and the escape of the title ensues , with the animal 's new master being assisted by the same poachers who killed Ellie 's parent , all this while Clive and Beverly become enamoured of each other , and participants romp through an encampment of bemused Masai and evade various aggressive fauna , including a lion , elephants and hyenas . Obviously not produced with artistic aspirations , this movie is nonetheless handicapped with its continually predictable script and often inane dialogue , leaving only sublime scenery to support one 's interest , and there is too little footage of Kenya 's animal kingdom , other than the baby elephant . Sands , a resourceful actor , has little to do , merely walking through what must be a pleasant payday while Zimbalist is decorative , and composed . The two youngsters do a bit of ad libbing , but not enough to rescue this tepid piece .
 this movie dose n't show the true meaning of the sport of surfing . . it was 1 of the worst surf want to be movies ever . .
 This is a relatively fast-paced , no-brainer action flick . The trouble is in the details . Many , many details.The 1st & biggest problem in my view is where are they ? Oh sure , the script says Southern California , but I lived in SoCal for over 25 years -LRB- I was living there when this was released to theatres -RRB- & I can tell you that there are NO beaches like that anywhere in California . The waves are large & tubular . There are very few surfers on them . The sand is empty of onlookers . There is vegetation nearly to the water . The movie supposedly takes place during August & September -LRB- the hottest months in SoCal -RRB- , yet the surfers are all wearing wetsuits . Trust me , NO surfers would wear wetsuits at that time of year.Bodhi -LRB- Patrick Swayze -RRB- lives on the beach in a rather large cottage . With no neighbors . Assuming -LRB- as a bank robber -RRB- he could afford a beach house , believe me , there are simply no isolated ` shacks ' anywhere in SoCal . Another ` little ' detail gone wrong.It was nice seeing Anthony Keidis -LRB- lead singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers -RRB- in a cameo role as a hot-headed surf nazi beating up on Keanu Reeves ' character , but Keanu himself runs the gamut of emotions from A to B. Just like all his other films . Patrick Swayze does what he can with Bodhi , but the mis-casting is obvious from the start.Final verdict ? If you must see this film , rent it first . Trust me on this .
 The dvd did not ever work after 2 returns and a replacement . What was even more ironic , I was charged for the shipping . I will never purchase another dvd and/or cd from you , unless , maybe it is something I just can not locate in my local area .
 This movie is so freakin ' lame ! Keanu continues his streak of forgettable and unbelievable roles as FBI agent Johnny Utah . Besides the stupidity of that name , his acting is so reminiscient of his role in `` Bill and Ted 's '' that I actually watch it when it 's on TV just to laugh at the plot lines and dialogue . Are we really supposed to believe that he ended his career as the Ohio St. QB , went to law school and finished at Quantico within the time frame they purport in the movie ? Uh , no . When they 're surfing at night after that really great football game on the beach -LRB- ... yeah , it really looks like he was a college QB in those scenes ! -RRB- there are at least two sequences where you can see the sun on the horizon , yet this was supposed to be at night ? Poor . Oh , and he followed Swayze all over Mexico , Sumatra and Fiji , but still found time to surf `` every day ? '' Come on ! `` Vaya con Dios , '' Keanu . Your acting stinks and so does this movie ! Good thing the movie also had Anthony Kiedis of Red Hot Chili Pepper fame , too . He did a good job of making faces like he was either constipated or stupid .
 I 'll go out on a limb here as probably the ONLY person who totally loathed this movie . Let 's see ... it was annoyingly predictable from beginning to end , poorly acted -- and that 's saying something for Keanu Reeves , and the `` action '' sequences , if they can be called that , were uninspiring at best . I 'm not sure where all the described adrenalin rushes were coming from , but you 'd have to be painfully wound up already to get them from this flick . About the only redeeming thing about his picture -LRB- if you 're a woman , anyway -RRB- is seeing Mr. Reeves looking fairly buff . The only reason I give this a star at all is because you ca n't get out of the review field without one . This is n't a good `` bad '' movie , it 's just plain bad .
 This was a horrible movie to say the least . I was greatly disappointed . It was highly immoral and most of the people hardly had any clothes on . Besides that kind of stuff , the movie portrayed the rebellious , thieving bad guys as the good guys . By the end of the movie , you actually started to feel sorry for the bad guys.Not worth anyone 's time .
 I loved `` Piont Break '' ever since the day it came out in theatres . I own it on the VHS but it was not Widescreen . When the DVD came out I thought how great it would be to finally see this film the way it was meant to be seen , Widescreen . But when I got the DVD I noticed the horror of what has been done to it . This version is NOT Widescreen , it is not even the cropped version we saw on the VHS . The picture is just CUT even further and added with `` black bulks '' on top and bottom to CHEAT the Widescreen effect . The picture is so much CUT DOWN that sometimes it 's not even clear what is going on . Buying this DVD is like paying to watch only 40 % of the film . This is bad , SHAME on the people at FOX HOME VIDEO . Do n't buy this DVD ... seeing it like this is going to ruin the experience and this great film . They should make a real Widescreen/Especial edition to do the justice that this great action film deserves .
 I 'm a die hard fan of Ms. Bigelow 's films , specially this one . I 've been expecting it 's release ever since DVD 's been out ! , but for starters
 It was n't a good movie . It is n't for kids . The movie had a lot of things that did n't need to be show and played .
 Do n't get me wrong ... I like Keanu , I like Patrick , but this is one of the worst movies ... EVER . I know Keanu can act - I 've seen him do it , I just do n't know why he did n't in this movie . I also know Lori Petty can act , but again ... she chose not to . Worst dialogue ever , worst portrayal of surfers ever ... many , many `` worst ever '' trophies go to this movie . If you want to see Keanu in action , watch Constantine , and skip this aweful movie .
 I bought this dvd at a local store because I do like the film.unfortunatly the video hangs up at the layer change.I exchanged it twice for a grand total of three copies and always had the same problem ... So I cant recommend it till its remastered , -LRB- SE etc. . . -RRB-
 Not impressed with the picture quality at all . Unfocused , grainy , just not what I expected . I have a lot of old movies on blu-ray so I know what a good one should look like . Better than DVD quality but not by much . Disappointing .
 This film is very , very silly . Fair enough if the viewer wishes to see a film that has not even a tenuous link to reality . Poorly made , poor attention to detail -LRB- real life representation -RRB- and sloppy continuity that is inexcusable in a movie of this budget.My advice to those that go gooey at the mention of Swayze and Reaves ... . Do your self a favour and buy a poster , and watch that for a couple of hours instead .
 all the dvd is , is the vhs version with the top and bottom cut off on the screen.i rented the vhs and dvd together one day and found once you get passed the widescreen intro that the vhs version actually shows more of the movie . the dvd is the full screen version with the top and bottom removed!this is ridiculous . go rent it yourself and see .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! Waited for it to come out on Blu-ray and was really looking forward to seeing this in HD , but unfortunately the quality is only DVD quality , so a waste to buy it on Blu-ray if you already have it on DVD . -LRB- viewed on a 60 '' HDTV -RRB-
 I 'm a Point Break fan . It 's one of the best `` bad '' movies out there , so I was pumped when it finally came out on DVD . Unfortunately , it is a total ... . Everyone loves to watch their favorite movies in letterbox , because it gives you the opportunity to view the full movie as opposed to the scan made to fit the VHS format . In the case of Point Break however the letterbox format was achieved by cropping the top and bottom off of the vhs scan . So , not only do you not get the full feature film , you do n't even get the VHS view of the film . It 's claustrophobic . There are scenes in this DVD that do n't even makes sense , parts of people 's faces are cut off . DO NOT BUY THIS -LSB- junk -RSB- !!! The picture is sharp , but it 's like watching the movie through a keyhole !!!
 Fox Home Video messed up again ... Like they did with their European release of Point Break released a year ago . I am a huge Point Break fan and I know this movie by heart . . I know every detail . So when I bought the DVD I thought something was missing , so I dug out my old Point Break on VHS -LRB- 4:3 format -RRB- ... NOOOO !! WHAT HAVE THEY DONE !!! THOSE INCOMPETENT ... . They had actually cut approx . 1/3 of the movie format by adding black lines to make it look like Wide screen enhanced ... Again ... Like they did with the European version . Do NOT buy this crap !!! If somebody at FOX reads this , Can I please have my money back ?
 Just like Arie Socorro , I had the same problem on the picture freezing on that particular chapter . You have to skip to the next chapter to get it going . Other than that this movie is great
 I love this film , and I just recently picked up a PS3 to enjoy BLURAY movies and such . However due to the quality of -LRB- wink wink -RRB- digitally remastered transfers only HALF of the SMALL amount of films I want to watch on BR are worth seeing , this is NOT one of them sadly . This looks no better than the last DVD release . Ive seen MUCH older and cheaper made movies come out looking better on BR ... me sad
 America is fighting an unpopular war ; the President is trying to shift the balance of the Supreme Court with his judicial nominee ; the front line of political debate is an out-of-control press , and there 's a wild man running around who looks rather disturbingly like Howard Dean . No , I 'm not talking about the state of affairs in 2005 ; I 'm talking about Werewolf of Washington , an undeniably unique 1973 film that combines horror , comedy , and political parody in ways I would never have imagined on my own . I 'm going to go ahead and slap a `` you 've got to see it to believe it '' sticker on this one . This is clearly a very weird product of its times - it is , in a word , kooky.Dean Stockwell plays Jack Whittier , a hotshot young reporter with a close connection to the White House -LRB- in the form of the First Daughter -RRB- ; his idea of ending the relationship involved getting a transfer to Hungary , of all places , and making it look like his newspaper sent him there as some kind of punishment . The President -LRB- Biff McGuire -RRB- thinks he was banished for his favorable articles on the White House , so he snatches Jack up as his new press agent . Before Jack can get out of Budapest , however , he goes and gets himself bitten by a werewolf . After his return to Washington , he starts seeing pentagrams on select people 's hands and experiencing blackouts during the times those people are killed . -LRB- The writers work in not one but two pentagram-Pentagon confusion jokes , which gives you a pretty good idea of the comedic effectiveness of this whole film . -RRB- Eventually , Jack figures out that he has indeed been cursed , but no one really believes his claims that he is a werewolf - certainly not the President , who becomes thicker and thicker in the head as the story progresses . The transformations are interesting - it 's just your standard time-lapse photography , but the early phase has Jack scrunching his face all over the place , and I swear he looks exactly like Howard Dean when he pushes his jaw out and gets that `` Yeeeoooooow '' look in his eyes . Once the transformation is complete , though , Jack just looks like an idiot - this may be the stupidest-looking werewolf in the history of cinema.Once the whole werewolf setup is complete , the movie gets down to some serious -LRB- and seriously bad -RRB- political parody work . You 've got hippies and other subversives for the Attorney General and FBI to keep their eye on , you 've got the Watergate Hotel , you 've got the President `` cleverly '' sidestepping questions he does n't want to answer , and you 've even got a little Agnew humor thrown in for good measure . The President 's a dunderhead who gets stranger as his political support erodes , but the Attorney General is the real piece of work on display here . He 's too honest for his own good , according to the President , and he 's a master at speaking without thinking -LRB- just see how quickly he jumps from werewolf to Black Panther when it comes to a murder suspect -RRB- . Then there 's the war room meeting - I ca n't even begin to describe that scene . Toss in a `` you wo n't have Jack Whittier to kick around anymore '' line at the end , wrap it all up , and you 've got the most unique werewolf film I 've ever seen.The political satire bit -LRB- which you 've really got to see for yourself to appreciate - or not -RRB- is the only thing that makes this hairy dog of a movie remotely interesting . As horror , it 's a total bomb . It basically strikes out when it comes to the comedy thing , too - but at least it 's a weird , interesting kind of bomb in that regard .
 Wow -- where to start ? Well , the picture quality is awul , the acting is equally awful , the plot is -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- awful , the dialogue was apparently written by a kindergartner , the continuity is non-existent -- shall I go on ? I think not -- you get the idea . It was actually so bad that it was funny , and we became eager to continue watching it so that we could see what farce they 'd perpetrate on us next . I did enjoy the change-to-werewolf sequences . No earth shattering special effects , but I still liked it . Very much like the old Lon Chaney Jr. version with regard to the transformation effects . This movie contained so much unlikely shenanigans , politically incorrect dialogue , and non-sequitirs that it boggled the mind . Four of us watched it , and three of us enjoyed it just for the ridiculous value . The fourth completely didn ; t get it and just thought it was awful . This would be great to have friends over to watch , complete with adult beverages and Mystery Science Theater-ish commentary by the peanut gallery .
 As a means of avoiding a recent affair with the President 's daughter , Dean Stockwell arranges an entirely different reason to be transferred to Budapest , Hungary to continue his government work . However , when the President requests him to come back and take the position of Assistant Press Secretary , Dean 's trip to the airport is thwarted by ... well ... we 'll just say a really hairy Gypsy . Those silver tipped canes really come in handy , but they can not prevent the recieved bite from transforming our political protagonist into a low grade variation of the Lon Chaney Jr.-esque wolfman . The attempts at comedy are weakly cute at best -LRB- pentagram is mistaken for Pentagon more than once -RRB- and the only times I recall laughing were during scenes when the humor seemed more unintentional . More entertaining than , say , standing in line waiting to vote on Election Day , but the polling results on the news that evening might be a preferable viewing option to this weak werewolf entry . 3.75 / 10
 Where to start with train wreck?First , the filmmakers had little idea of what the White House is like . Particularly after seeing a few seasons of West Wing , it is hard to ignore that it seems only slightly bigger than my parent 's house in Iowa and that there is only three or four people in it aside from the president . The room the Joint Chiefs of Staff meet in looks like our local VFW . The president has a staff of two or three guys and no bodyguards whatsoever and does n't seem to have much to do with himself other than attend parties and bowl . In the second to last scene when the president is talking with the Chinese prime minister -LRB- the country has a president , but the filmmakers did n't check that one -RRB- , the plane is a small puddle jumper , there are no staff present on either the Chinese or the American side , and the area they are sitting in the plane is no bigger than the backseat of a taxi . This is real Ed Wood level production values , but old Ed at least imparted some personality to his movies.Second , all of this would n't matter so much if the story was n't so plodding . The problem with many horror movies is the filmmakers have a cool title , but not much idea of what else to do with the movie -LRB- think Lunchmeat , Redneck Zombies , and Doctor Butcher , MD -LSB- Medical Deviate -RSB- -RRB- . Indeed , the nimrods behind this clunker did n't think much beyond the idea of the press secretary of being a werewolf . In the world of this 1973 toilet raft , full moons are evidently a nightly occurrence in DC , as there is little continuity from scene to scene of Dean Stockwell turning into a werewolf and then wasting some or other Beltway insider in poorly lit night scenes -LRB- note to director-film the night scenes during the day with tinted lenses from now on -RRB- . I suppose you could conceivably figure out how much time elapsed in the movie if you count murders , but generally between them , the president and press secretary are generally kickin ' back with a gin & tonic , so I found my attention flagging.Which brings me to my third point , the poor quality of this video . This is one murky , scratched up print that Alpha Video put out . It is pan and scan , and the picture definitely feels clipped . I am a big fan of public domain stuff , but the DVD company really lowered the bar with this one.For 70s completists only .
 I could give a care for the movie . I remember it as a lame piece of dribble that was made watchable only because Elvira hosted it . All of the movies that were featured on her show were awful and I 'm glad . All the better to make fun of.Elvira 's Movie Macabre is the draw here . This show was not to be missed weekends here in the Los Angeles area in the eighties.I for one will happily purchase every volume that is released as long as it comes with Elvira 's great one liners , hysterical bits and dead on comic timing . Great to see Elvira back in the limelight were she belongs ! You go Cassie !
 Mr. Stockwell obviously did this film for the money . The film begins with Mr. Stockwell requesting a transfer from the Washington press core due to the president 's daughters ' infatuation with him . While in Romania he is involved in a motor vehicle accident , which disables his car . The scene moves on to a very reminicent The Wolf Man , where Mr. Stockwell kills a wolf with his cane . This is where the intrest ends . Mr. Stockwell is bitten and becomes a werewolf that stalks and kills the wives of some of Washington 's polititions . The most rediculous scene is when one of the Senetors wives drives up to the gas pumps and the werewolf is clinging to to the rooftop of her car . Like she did n't here it jump up there or did n't see it when she got into the car . She gets out of the car and then sees the werewolf ... ? The other scene was when the werewolf wanders into the scientists lab and allows the scientist , played by Michael Dunn , pet him as though he were a puppy ... ? This is where I turned the movie off . Save your money folks ; this is one bad movie .
 I just ca n't think of anything worse to say .
 These cartoons are terrible . The graphic quality is bad , the story lines are bad , the He-Man character does NOT look , sound , or act like He-Man . My 7-year-old , who generally will like even bad cartoons , found these almost disturbing .
 When I first saw this show as a kid in Highschool , -LRB- 1990/1991 -RRB- I hated it . They had taken one of my favorite childhood characters , and basically ruined him . Sending He-Man and his arch nemesis Skeletor to a different time , and completely new world . This show was more sci-fi whereas the classic was more fantasy . The animation seemed cheap as did many of the stories . Years later however I see that the majority of the MOTU fandom has embraced this quirky time in He-Man 's existence . I 'll admit , this will be the first time I 've seen the show since it went off the air in 1991 , unlike the classic MOTU which I had VHS copies of al the way until the DVD 's were released . I 'm hoping that I 'll see some redeemable quiality in this show since the voice actors & cast used are now renowned as some of the best in the animation business . If you are a diehard fan of the classic MOTU series , and have never seen this show , prepare for a shock , it is not pleasant . However if you are familiar with the entire history of He-Man , including his attempted return in the early 90 's then as an animation completist , this set will no doubt be a welcome addition to any DVD collection . One other upside is that BCI/Eclipse has but forth considerable effort to release many great shows that were almost forgotten by time . I really hope they get the 2nd set from this series out quickly so that they , or some other company can then release the much improved re-invisioned MOTU series from 2002-2003
 I am a child of the 80 's who grew up watching both He-Man and She-Ra 's cartoon adventures . Sure , some plots were fantastic , but the writers and producers had always remembered that they wanted their product to make lots of money . They understood that little kids are n't going to gravitate towards the truly horrible . A product without customer support ultimately ca n't make any money.It can be argued that the original series itself largely was one big toy advertisement , but this ` update ' accomplishes the previously unheard of
 This is the worst cartoon I have ever seen . He-Man is summoned to the future to protect humanity from Mutants . Skeletor follows him . Nothing else of the original Masters of the Universe was kept.The plots range from rather good -LRB- eps , 1 , 6 , 11-15 -RRB- to just awful -LRB- pretty much everything else -RRB- . Plots are generally like this . The mutants say they want peace . The humans believe them . It 's all a massive deception . Skeletor has a plan that will lead He-Man away from the others . Surprise , the mutants attack . The people of Primus wonder how they were fooled . The forget this the next time . The characters are bland . The mutants are never really given personalities besides evil . We never find out why they are attacking . Do they want to kill the humans ? Want the planet ? Just like destruction ? We never find out . The new human characters are boring . They continually whine about wanting peace and fall for the same scheme over and over again . Not to mention four scientist characters who make you wish for Orko . At least he actually did something once in a while . I found myself rooting for the villains , hoping they would murder the other characters and this horrible show would be over.He-Man has been turned into a 1990 's Chippendale model . Any personality he has in the original series has been taken away . He loses his snappy come back lines and gains even more boring . He goes on about the `` power of the good and the way of the magic . '' WTF . This is the stupidest phrase I have ever heard . He mentions it about 30 times an episode . He does communicate with the Sorceress , but she too has come under an attack of the bland . Prince Adam on the other hand , talks with a lisp which makes him seem gayer than in the original . -LRB- If that is even possible . -RRB- He also dresses like an extra from the 10 Commandments.Skeletor is no longer the cunning , cruel , warlord of the past . He has become a complete buffoon . With googly eyes . He seems more like the Joker than an actual overlord of destruction . I have no idea why he was used . I miss old Skeletor.The animation has that vague anime feel that I personally dislike . The backgrounds seem washed out and dull , lacking the color and wonder of Eternia . The voice acting is bland and uninspired . The music is n't nearly as catchy as the original.I have no idea how this was given 65 episodes . Someone was asleep , Skip it .
 I purchased the New Adventures of He-Man , Vol . 1 because I am a rabid He-Man Fan , -LRB- or He-Fan , :P -RRB- However I had tried to avoid this series because I never saw it as a child , nor did I upon attempts to watch it via Netflix or the internet , enjoy it at all.Recently I decided that I had to fill this portion of my collection , whether I liked it or not.After watching the series , I can still say that for someone with zero nostalgia for this show , it is still terrible in the utmost . Many of the voices are compete rubbish , the link to He-Man is basically non-existant , and the character designs are bad to inconsistant.That being said , however , I see in this series , and specific moments of many episodes , the inkling of something great . Much of the series has strange , yet compelling music , augmenting certain scenes wonderfully . The writing , while basically terrible , is less bad in reality than execution . I can see some great stories in here . While the animators & voice actors miss the mark almost every time , if you watch it with a critical eye , the stories can be very moving , funny , or especially exciting.The DVD set is one of two , and upon purchase of the entire He-Man series , from Filmation He-Man & She-Ra , to the 2002 Mike Young Productions version , including the first and second volume of New Adventurs there is a beautiful mural created from the spines.As in all the BCI releases of the many Masters of the Universe dvd 's , the cd 's themselves are beautiful , featuring a character on each one who is a part of a mural on the inside of the collection when folded out . There are 2 original art cards , part of a complete collection spread across all of the MOTU properties , and a nice well written and useful book insert.Ultimately I am not completely saddened about the purchase of this terrible show with a nugget of something greater . If you have a nostalgia for this show , or it 's accompanying toyline , this is a beautiful first entry -LRB- followed by the second volume , must have as a set -RRB- is definately worth the buy.If you are a Masters fan , this is not neccesarily a great buy , but for the completeist you could do worst.Even if like me , you just kinda want to finally see that missing piece of MOTU lore , it 's worth it . Sure it 's substandard in many ways , but it 's also supprising . It 's like pulling teeth watching it at times , but it does show you enough of what people who swear by this series does exist and perhaps if these stories are utilized in the new Masters of the Universe Classics toyline , it 's not such a bad thing.It was the source matierial that was so bad
 To be clear , there are actually THREE animated series involving He-Man that have graced the airwaves :1 . He-Man and the Masters of the Universe -LRB- 1983-85 -RRB- 2 . The New Adventures of He-Man -LRB- 1990 -RRB- 3 . He-Man and the Masters of the Universe -LRB- 2002 -RRB- The first of these above has character and longevity as its a classic . Sure , the animation is shoddy , but that 's part of what makes it so endearing.This DVD sports the second show , which was completely different then its predeccessor . He-Man is on another planet , Primus , and looks very different then he did in the original show . The story lines and characters are so different from their predecessors , that you almost would n't recognize them at all . It just does n't have the same appeal . I do n't recommend this show at all.The final show was a remake produced by Cartoon Network most recently . It actually had a fully developed story and quite excellent animation . This show truly paid tribute to its predeccesor and is well worth the watch . Alas , its not yet out on DVD . You 'll have to wait until Jan 8 , 2008 and get it then . And get it you should . Its fantastic !
 ... that 's the best way to describe this series . This is one of those , if it had n't been associated with the He-man universe , the concept could have stood alone as its own series . I will admit , the animation is good and the writing is ok , but the bottom line that will always hurt this series is that it 's not He-man and should never have carried the title .
 Coldplay just is n't a band that needs a live album . No surprises here . Every song is the same as it was recorded in the studio . The DVD has great quality as far as picture and sound go , but the songs are a yawner ... that makes the audio cd very boring .
 The DVD is great in quality for picture and sound . The CD does not have near as good quality . There are no suprises here and a live cd should not be made by Coldplay ... why ? because the songs are the exact same as they are on the album . All of their songs follow the same structure , same chord progression , same repetative beat . Yellow is to Politik as The Scientist is to Amsterdam . The worst song on the album would have to be In My Place , where he clearly does n't want to sing the chorus because he probably is scared of going flat and allows the crowd to do it for him . The song is not as powerful as it is on the album . Just buy a Rush of Blood to the Head and you 'll be more satisfied . A reviewer referenced Oasis copying the Beatles ... well Coldplay copies U2 .
 I loved Coldplay 's other two albums , but I have never heard such crap ! I am ashamed to say that it is not worth the money . He sings out of tune and ca n't harmonize for crap ! Five stars come on people ... rate the CD not the Band !
 bob dole knows crap when bob dole sees it .
 I was looking forward to Coldplay live , popped in the DVD , and took it out after 10 minutes because the sound quality was so poor . This would n't be such a problem if all of the same songs were on the CD , but not all the DVD songs are on the CD . I thought it was two audio discs when I picked it up ... talk about misleading advertising . Why do I want to be near my TV to listen to it ? Although I love Coldplay , I 'm very disappointed in this release and would have avoided it had I known how shoddy the quality is , and that I was really buying a DVD with bonus CD .
 because it sucks so bad i give it one star.the cranky reviewer knows exactly what he 's talking about . i was AT the show on the 21st and it sucked so bad i vomited all over my girlfriend . and she had on this great red tight new shirt that i 'd bought her just so we could go to the show together . man she was smoking . anyway , she broke up with me that night cause i threw up on her . man that sucks . because of this band the love of my life is gone . AND her smoking body.while i may not agree with his assertions that duran duran are the best band ever - i think that it 's whitesnake - he raises some very valid points about many of his very well-intentioned and well-researched opinions . mike and dan , get a life - stop playing D&D !!!
 Coldplay , like most English bands , does n't really deviate from the studio version when playing live . This makes for a predictably likable set . With only two CDs it 's too early for Coldplay to release a live recording . In the documentary -LRB- included on the DVD -RRB- you get the feeling that Chris Martin does n't think his band will last . The U2 influence is undeniable especially considering how far the band has come in America in such a short time . It 's also a testament to how bad the music scene is today.The bonus CD is tracks from the same concert as the DVD and offers noting new.For completists only . -LSB- DW -RSB-
 If you think you 'll be watching a concert , you 'll be disappointed . This is not a concert . This is the result of an MTV era . It 's the classic cut and cut until you see nothing . The typical lack of talent for filming a concert . It seems nowadays they do n't know how to film a concert anymore . The band is great as usual but a concert on DVD is supposed to be just that . A concert ! Not a video-clip ! Why would I watch that ? I just play the CD .
 The rate would be a good 4,5 ... but the DVD does n't play in Europe ... So do n't buy it if not American ... otherwise music is neat , enjoy it , America.Marko Smolej , Slovenia
 For the sake of avoiding getting this review tagged as unhelpful , my comments are geared specifically towards `` audiophile '' - types who are very concerned with the quality of sound reproduction . If that is n't your thing , feel free to ignore my comments.I really enjoy Coldplay , but the sound quality here is unforgivable . I could n't bring myself to listen to much of it on my high-end system . For Coldplay fans who are also audio freaks , this album is not for you .
 I bought this and when I got it , I found it would only work in my computer , I tried different dvd players and it was not supported .
 I bought this product thinking it was about modern jets . It was from the late '80s or early '90s , so I feel it was a misrepresentation . It is well-done for that era , but not modern fighter jets .
 Not much information about the jets or the missions . Commentry and Music is boring , coudl n't watch for more than 10 mins
 I could n't help but compare this movie to `` My One and Only '' , George Hamilton 's autobiographical movie about his adolescence . Both are stories of growing up weird , with mothers who are neurotic , to say the least.Unfortunately , having colorful characters does not a movie make . I think actually watching someone run with scissors would be more interesting than this movie.Critics have recommended Annette Bening for her tour de force -- but a much better example is in the overlooked `` Julia '' . Now there 's something worth watching.To me , the problem is one of simple unpleasantness . -LRB- It 's common in movies today that there 's no real protagonist -- no one to really sympathize with or care about at all . -RRB- About 40 minutes into this movie , I was hoping they 'd all get carried off in straitjackets . Sadly , that does not happen.I suppose if you 've had a really boring , empty life , you might find a story like this engaging . Too bad .
 Before watching the movie , I had read the book . Consequently , I was looking forward to seeing the story come to life on the silver screen . Unfortunately , the story did n't survive its on-screen adaptation . Although many of the events were similar , the film lost much of the hideous reality of Augustine Burrough 's childhood . Reading the book , I could see how something like this could happen in real life . However , the movie Hollywood-ized the original story to make it palatable to the common movie-goer , who seems to like things tidy . The Finch home in the story bristled with life . Its messiness seemed to leap from the page . The movie killed that life . I felt distanced from the mess . I did n't live with it like I did when reading the book . I wanted to see the remains of last month 's meal lying on top of the television . I wanted to see the roaches crawling across the unwashed dishes in the kitchen . Instead , we got long shots of the mess that did n't allow us to really look at it.I was also displeased with the changes to the story itself . Instead of many children , Dr. Finch had only two . In real life , a man like that would have more than two children . It just makes sense because of his philosophy on life being less than conservative . In addition , the extra children made the family seem larger and crazier . As I was reading , I could hardly keep everyone straight . Also , Agnes in the movie was transformed into a foil for Augustine 's mother . Although Agnes was n't a perfect mother in the movie , she was better than Deidre . She gave Augustine a small piece of sanity in an otherwise chaotic world . In the book Augustine did n't seem to have that . Agnes certainly was n't put together enough to be a mother to him . Instead , she seemed to me to be an embodiment of the house -- broken and in need of repair . But Hollywood seems to need things neat and tidy . It needs to give Augustine a mother when he needs one.However , real life is n't like that . In real life it can happen that a child like Augustine could be left adrift without anyone at all . The Augustine of the memoir did n't seem to have anyone to turn to , unless you count Neil Bookman , the disturbed older man who practically raped Augustine during their first sexual encounter , or Natalie , who was just as lost as Augustine was , if not more so.As for Natalie herself ... in the book , she was very self-conscious about her weight . She and Augustine would eat at McDonald 's , and she 'd call herself a cow . In the movie , she was thin and , despite the heavy makeup , almost model-worthy . Again , the movie took a real life person and shaped her into a Hollywood version of herself . And Hope was even more of a stereotype than a real person . She was just crazy and frigid . We did n't see the side of her that was a friend to Augustine in the early years.In short , the movie sucked the life out of the book and created a bland , un-entertaining cliche of a film that was n't even interesting in its own right , let alone when being compared to the book . My two friends who 'd never read the book did n't like it any more than I did.I just want to yell at Hollywood to stop imitating itself . It 's like the execs have found a formula , and they are afraid to deviate from it , even for something more interesting . If they 'd have stuck to the book a little more closely and been more true to life , people would have wanted to watch because of how real it was -- and how surreal . What kept me reading was that I knew that Augustine 's kind of life was being lived right now . I 'm an English teacher , and I often wonder what kinds of homes my students go to . The book opened that world up to me , and although I did n't like what I saw , I could understand it better having read about it . Sadly , the movie took all that poignancy away and left a hollow shell . The only redeeming part of the movie was its soundtrack , which somehow made the film more tolerable . Overall , I would not recommend this movie to anyone . I would , however , recommend the book . It was an interesting read about an interesting life , and the movie did n't even come close to doing it justice .
 I like dark hunor , but this movie was just depressing . Not funny at all .
 I checked out this unpleasant little film from the library . You can thank me for that , since now you do n't have to watch it . Based on the popular Augusten Burroughs memoir and marketed as a comedy , `` Running with Scissors '' is a rambling , grueling portrait of an unlikeable , dysfunctional band of narcissistic crazies who relentlessly and cruelly abuse themselves and each other . It 's a catalog of over-the-top stereotypes about mental illness , a waste of good acting talent , a thoroughly exhausting experience , and two hours of my time down the dumper . The original memoir , which I have n't read , may be a good book , but if so , it 's been utterly butchered in the process of adaptation . I ca n't even imagine sitting through this mess again , much less paying for the DVD !
 Nicely acted , nicely photographed . The script , however , is confusing , pretentious and self-indulgent . The screenwriting is just awful . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up .
 Amazon 's review reads
 Definitely a waste of time . I expected more from top actors and actresses but they had no substance to work from . I expected a comedy . NOT . Very dark and depressing . The book was worse ; do n't waste your time on either .
 the movie is so pretentious that almost made me puke on the back of the guy who sat in front of me . i 'm a male , but after watched this movie about 20 minutes , i suddenly felt like a pregnant female got the regular morning sickness . so i just ran out the theater to get some fresh air . wow , what a bomber ! this movie sucks big time ! so pretentiously pathetic . dark comedy ? yeah , right , go figure for another 10 years . i just could n't believe this screenplay would be passed for production and involved some talented veteran actors to sign up . stay away from it and do n't try to bring scissors into the airport .
 This movie has a great number of laughable moments , but underlying the story is a great antipathy to humanity and decency . Burroughs has sold out to the cheap , scatological laugh , and we are all diminished by it.The story , `` a memoir '' is so patently false that it is no wonder that the family portrayed has sued the author , publisher , and Sony , and has collected.I will not read -LRB- or watch -RRB- anything from Burroughs again . I am surprised that the artists stooped to this .
 To any of you interested in this film , I highly recommend reading the book instead . It seems that the movie just could n't cover any of the erotic detail that add to the book 's highly intriguing , eccentricity . I was very disappointed after watching the film , although Joseph Cross did play Augusten well . And Annette Benning did play the mother ... They just played this one way too safe in comparison to the book . It sucks that greatness can be so censored .
 The film is a travesty compared to the book . I do not make the trite argument of whether or not the book is better than the film . That has nothing to do whatsoever with my review of this exploitation film.My family has twice been through this sort of life-altering series of events , and after seeing the film in the theater with great expectations , i wanted to gouge my eyes out . The treatment of mental illness was handled in a criminal manner , and I can only guess that this was done out of sheer stupidity or ignorance on the director 's part.For people who have been through these tragedies before , this movie is merely a painful drudging up of the greatest sorrows and angers . -LRB- Do n't see this movie . -RRB- And for those who are unfamiliar with people in this condition , you should not be there at all . I only say this because the audience surrounding us in the theater laughed uproariosly during scenes in which we were crying . This is not the film to see for the average movie-goer with no background in severe mental illness . You would only become more ignorant for absorbing this film.SIMPLE FACT
 Some of my favorite movies include
 By far one of the worst movies I have ever watched , and I have viewed some losers . After 45 minutes of `` pain '' waiting for it to improve , I stopped the DVD and put it in the trash .
 Extremely good cast and acting , but of course not as good as the book . Definitely not a comedy as some have described , and is a slow goer .
 I expected something , anything , from such a strong cast , but this movie failed on all counts . The group of us here made it through about an hour of unadulterated boredom before we ran out of Fritos , reasons to use the bathroom , and small talk.I wo n't even bother to go into detail . This movie belongs in the recycling bin -LRB- where my husband just threw it -RRB- . Do n't bother !
 If there was an option to rate this film 0 stars I would have !!! This is literally the worst piece of melodramatic drivel that I have ever seen ! I am so sad that I wasted 2 hours of my life trying to like any of these demented characters who are trying to be interesting . Save your money and your time and trust this reviewer !
 Of course , we all know that books are better movie adaptations . However , most movies , adapted from books , can still be enjoyed . `` Running With Scissors '' is one movie that you should avoid watching at all cost and just stick with the book.With the book , I laughed so hard at some of Burroughs ' childhood memories with his mother 's psychiatrist 's dysfunctional family . And ` dysfunctional ' does n't even describe this kooky family accurately . I 'm surprised Burroughs came out of this experience sane instead of lying in a white padded cell with nothing on but a straightjacket.This movie is just simply about Burroughs ' over-extended stay with his mother 's psychiatrist 's family . Burroughs ' mother is a poetress ... however , an unsuccessful one . Her failure to establish herself as a recognized poetress has affected her mental health . With his father out of the picture , his mother can not handle taking care of Burroughs while dealing with personal issues . So , with a secret deal with her doctor , she dumps Burroughs and takes off . Burroughs has not choice but to make do with a strange family and their strange house.There was nothing funny in the movie . There was nothing dark humor/comedy about it . It was just dry . Several times I wanted to stop the movie and give up . However , I kept hoping that the movie would redeem itself . Unfortunately , it did not .
 The back of the DVD case called the movie a `` wickedly funny '' tale . Not true at all . It is one of those very warped movies , true or not , that makes you feel sick to your stomach . I tend to like the more unusual , moving films , but this is over the line . Reminds me of the Squid and the Whale . I feel very sorry for the author if this truly is based on his life .
 I had high expectations for this movie - I had read the book and knew that the cast had great potential . The actors were great in portraying their roles - from Annette Bening as the eccentric mother to Gwenyth Paltrow as the obedient daughter , but the plot of the movie missed the biting dark humor that had put the novel in the top 10 of my collection . I 'm afraid that , if I had seen the movie before reading the book , I might not have read the book .
 This has to be one the the biggest -LRB- if not THE biggest -RRB- examples of a film pretending it 's something it is n't in the trailer -LRB- call itself a comedy -RRB- just to sucker the masses -LRB- including me -RRB- unfamiliar with the book of the same title -LRB- or its author -RRB- into paying money for 2 hours of seemingly endless doom , gloom & misery . Contrast the trailer to the film
 Make no mistake
 I watched this movied after reading the book and the movie was a horrible disapointment . the book was amazing and a great read , i was looking forward to watching the movie . the movie was such a let down . it left out most of the book and i am not sure how someone could follow the movie if they havent read the book . this is definitly a book that shouldnt have been made into a movie
 I like this movie alot ive seen it before I got it so my brother could watch it I have an Xbox 360 it said the reigional code was wrong so I put it in my brothers DVD player and it said the reoginal code was wrong I got to looking at it and it sai it was for like Britan or somthing
 We bought this DVD because of the promises on the case , which made it sound like a hilarious comedy with a wonderful cast . Unfortunately , neither my wife nor I were able to find anything funny about it . This is a movie about characters who use and manipulate each other , hurting each other greatly in the process . The script is simply awful , giving us no reason to care for or about any of the characters at all . While the actors seemed to be able to convey their characters ' quirks and personalities quite well , almost nothing works together , and the film just gets more and more depressing as it goes . This is definitely one to pass on if you have anything else to choose from at all . There was no feeling of `` I 've just watched something important , '' not even `` I 've just been entertained well . '' It 's simply a dark and dreary story of dreary characters who arouse no sympathy on the part of the viewer . These were two wasted hours .
 If you want to watch a depressing movie about a crazy family then this is the movie for you . Yes , anyone who can survive this is truly remarkable but was marketed wrong as a comedy . I found nothing funny about it . The acting was good , but not what I expected .
 I read the book and thought the movie would be good . I was disappointed . I tried twice to watch the movie . After the second try I decided that the movie was not watchable . Wish I had rented it instead of buying .
 I should have looked at the reviews before I subjected myself to what I thought would be a good movie . I watched the entire movie then removed it from the DVD player opened the back door and threw it across the yard . It will remain there until trash day and then it will reside in a land fill with all the other garbage .
 This is a terrible waste of a talented cast . I rented it thinking how can you go wrong with Annette Bening , Evan Rachel Wood , Alec Baldwin , Joseph Fiennes , Jill Clayburgh , Gwyneth Paltrow ? Well , this flick is how . It 's awful.The film is disjointed , no plot or character development . The jokes are heavy-handed , un-funny , and repeated and milked ad nauseum . This review is for the first 1/2 hour of the film . That is all I could sit through.Have this DVD in your medicine cabinet in case you ever need an emetic . That 's the only use I can think of for it .
 I have n't read the book , so I 'm not sure how faithful this film adaptation is . However , what I observed , were really great actors in cardboard roles . I read about Burroughs ' legal problems with the real family `` Scissors '' is based upon , in a Vanity Fair article . No way could all of this be real . To say he exaggerated has to be an understatement . Obviously , his mother was either bipolar or a borderline personality , or a combination of both . Her narcissism and self-absorption took dysfunction to new heights . Even humor is mean-spirited , such as the wisecrack about looking like `` someone with Down 's syndrome . `` There is ZILCH human tenderness or depth in this movie -LRB- perhaps nor the book -RRB- . The only character who remotely comes close to humanity is Jill Clayburgh 's victimized mother role , and here , she is reviled as a dog food-eating imbecile , incapable of standing up to her egomaniacal , insane psychiatrist husband . Hollywood and the gay culture often revere aesthetic qualities , like beauty , sophistication and creativity . In this movie , those qualities supercede more meaningful traits , such as decency and responsibility.Clayburgh 's character attempts to be maternal , but this is subject to ridicule . She prepares `` Hamburger Helper , '' and Augusten the troubled teenager eats it . What is the underlying message of contempt ? That Middle Class America eats Hamburger Helper from our trough , while the two coasts , particularly L.A. , dine on caviar , and that we , ordinary citizens , should kiss the ground for these pearl of wisdoms our entertainment industry tosses to us?Clayburgh removes the psychiatrist 's stool from the toilet , as further proof of her absolute `` dog-like '' mentality . Yet , it is Clayburgh 's character who tries to reassure the Burroughs character in the end , at the bus stop . So , he could n't admire her for her kindness , because she scooped up ` crap , ' and ate dog food . She was ugly . He could n't see that in this nutcracker suite of psychiatric case studies , that her -LRB- Clayburgh 's -RRB- qualities were the only human ones.I wonder what Burroughs relationship was like with the `` real mom '' who tried to foster him . Perhaps he aligned himself more closely with his narcissistic biological mother , while admitting she was a monster , at least she was ` beautiful ' and artistic . Also , she projected ` strength ' because she screamed and acted like a diva . Comparatively , the Jill Clayburgh character was just a homely , timid mom.In a voiceover , the Burroughs teen confesses a longing for ` rules ' and curfews . What he really craves , is that someone cares about him enough to restrict him . His mother is indifferent to his needs , she does n't even care that he 's being seduced by an unstable schizophrenic . She 's grateful and relieved , because it means she does n't have to assume responsibility for her own son . And she can only relate to Augusten in how he cares for her.I find it sickening that the only glimmer of decency in this entire torturous , cartoon-like film ... was still subject to haughty , snotty ridicule . -LRB- Thanks , `` Nip/Tuck '' director ! -RRB- The Clayburgh mom was the only adult who did not abandon this child , -LRB- Burroughs -RRB- , or was n't so totally blinded by her own needs , but thought of others ... -LRB- think of how she was in the car/rain scene , pleading with Annette Bening 's character to leave her husband alone , and to let her `` keep Augusten , '' because he was a part of the family . Instead , Clayburgh was depicted as a dog food eating idiot who let her children dismiss her in a cruel and snide manner . Even in the end , she simpers , saying she 'll get rid of the Christmas tree . Hats off to Jill Clayburgh , for shining her light through the homely appearance the film / book demanded of her ... yet still being the only ray of hope.This is a bleak , profoundly cynical film , with exaggerations so outrageous that one questions their credibility and truth . Even the humor and attempts to be clever ca n't save it ... the insults , put-downs , and toilet references.Thanks though , for the reminder of how precious a healthy family really is , especially toward the creation of productive people who do n't have to wallow in therapy for years , treat others cruelly or make excuses for their train wreck lives . Also , the film is a warning . It 's dangerous it is to put psychology professionals or Hollywood on a pedestal . Often , they are more crazy than us - and certainly , a lot more pretentious.In the end , I do n't care how clever , rich or attractive you are . I want to know if you have a soul .
 Polarizing performance by Annette Benning . Great cast that followed the story-line as true to the acclaimed novel as possible . An abstract story , entertaining in nature but drags its feet .
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading `` Running With Scissors '' and was thrilled to learn that they were going to make a movie of it . Sadly , the movie was a big disappointment . Yes it follows the plot-lines of the book , but Augusten Burroughs 's wry , entertaining voice is completely lost in the translation . The movie plods along , and although Annette Benning is terrific , and Evan Rachel Wood good also , they ca n't save this one . The worst thing about it is actually the soundtrack -- not the music itself , which is a grab-bag of unremarkable 1970s songs -- but it 's loud , intrusive , and badly placed . Again and again the characters are talking OVER a song and you ca n't even hear them.Save your money . Buy Augusten Burroughs 's next book instead .
 Like others , I decided to see `` Running With Scissors '' based on a trailer I saw that presented it as a dark , eccentric comedy . The cast looked more than promising , and I love quirky movies , but I shut this one off after watching an hour of venom-filled yelling and swearing . It 's very unusual for me to not watch a film in its entirety , but I felt I was completely wasting my time and turned it off . I did n't like any of the characters , although I felt some degree of sympathy for the boy -LRB- not enough to see how he fared , however -RRB- . This was the most disappointing film I 've seen in a very long time .
 I read the book , and for some reason had very high expectations . The book was quirky , sad , eccentric , horrific , and redeeming all at once . But the movie was just horrific from the very start . The character depth was nonesxistent , the plot was dismal , and the script was , for a lack of a better word , atrocious . Even though the adaptation tried to remain faithful to the book , all the scenes seemed to be lacking the spark and charisma that Burroughs had in his writing . I pictured the characters differently , and seeing them on screen as three dimensional figures , I realized they were better off on paper . The book is definitely worth the read , but the movie should be forgotten quickly . When will authors learn ?
 Based on the memoirs of Augusten Burroughs , `` Running with Scissors '' was a film that I did n't know much about and was n't truly interested in seeing in the first place . I had caught glimpses of it here and there , but never actually took the time to sit down and watch it . Well , curiousity got the better of me . After all , any film that stars Annette Bening -LRB- `` American Beauty '' -RRB- , Brian Cox -LRB- `` Manhunter , `` Zodiac '' -RRB- , Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- `` Se7en '' -RRB- , Joseph Fiennes -LRB- `` Shakespeare in Love , '' `` Enemy at the Gates '' -RRB- , and Alec Baldwin -LRB- `` The Departed -RRB- ca n't be that bad . Well , folks , it can be.The film revolves around the life of Augusten Burroughs in the 70 's . As a child , he 's raised by his bipolar , poet mother , Deirdre -LRB- Annette Bening -RRB- and his hard-working father -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- . Towards the beginning of his teenage years , Augusten -LRB- Joseph Cross -RRB- copes with his parents divorcing and then taking care of his mother , who knows she 'll make it big in the poetry business someday . Deirdre begins to see a psychiatrist , Dr. Finch -LRB- Brian Cox -RRB- , to help her with her problems . Eventually , it comes to the conclusion that she needs Augusten out of her life if she ever wants to succeed with her dreams . The solution is to hand him over to live with Dr. Finch and his family , who consist of the loving , but quirky matriarch Agnes -LRB- Jill Clayburgh -RRB- , the hot-headed Natalie -LRB- Evan Rachel Wood -RRB- , the spiritual Hope -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- , and the gay , adopted son , Neil -LRB- Joseph Fiennes -RRB- , who Augusten begins to have feelings for . As years pass , Augusten begins to move past supporting his own mom and learns to start having to deal with his new family.I 've never walked out of a movie in my entire life . Even if I hate what 's happening on the screen and ca n't stand it anymore , I still stay , hoping for some good to happen . `` Running with Scissors '' is a film that I almost stopped , mainly because of how much I disliked it . It 's about as interesting as watching paint dry while the only sound you can hear are people yelling and cursing obscenities at each other . If I had stopped watching this film , not only would I have not missed out on anything great , but I would have been better off.The film tries to be too quirky , but then tries to be too dramatic as well . There 's no balance whatsoever . There is humor in the film , but it 's quite dark . For instance , a character feels that her cat is going to die . She feels that she can speak to the cat and that the cat wants to die quickly . So what does she do ? She puts a laundry basket over it so it ca n't move and it eventually dies from lack of water and food and the filmmakers play it off as a joke . Hilarious ... no , sick and twisted . I did n't laugh once in the film , well , at least , not in the right spot -LRB- more on this later -RRB- . Even though the Finch family is weird , there was no real reason to laugh at the situations they got themselves into because there was no purpose for them being weird . They 're just weird . The dramatic aspect of the film did n't fare any better . I did n't understand any character choices whatsoever and no relationships were developed well enough to make me care about them . Again , the Finch family did n't feel like a family unit , but just a group of individuals living under the same roof . The film tried to be a drama with comedic bits , but it failed in that regard.Before I begin this part of the review , I want to say that the acting is fairly good in the film and not terrible by any means . The main problem with the entire film is the characters , who are so poorly written , that it 's criminal . Annette Bening 's character was the worst of the bunch , which is unfortunate , because she 's a great actress in the first place -LRB- `` American Beauty '' rules -RRB- . If there 's ever been a person I 've wanted to slap in a film , it would be her character . Everytime she appeared on screen , I wanted to skip past it . The character is one-dimensional throughout the entire film . She 's either angry , depressed , or drugged and that 's it . I had no idea why Augusten still wanted to be with her , which made me care less about the story . Natalie , the chain-smoking , foul-mouthed daughter of Dr. Finch , also suffers from bad writing . She 's annoying and complains about wanting to go to college , but talks about how she does n't have money and other reasons hinder her . If we wanted to fall in love with her character , give her some drive and determination . Anyone can complain and moan about their situation . Big deal . Get over it and move on -LRB- this would be a good tagline for the film -RRB- . Then , she tries to make the audience pity her in one scene and all I could do was laugh . And that laugh was the only one that came from me while I watched the entire film . I could go on and on about how much I loathed most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the characters , but I do n't want to waste that much more time on the film.Another issue I had with the film was the profanity . Now , I can handle large portions of bad language only if it serves the story and the situations that the characters have to deal with , but in `` Running with Scissors '' it just felt so overdone and unnecessary . It became mind-numbing and tedious after awhile that I wished I could just gag all of the actors ' mouths . I do n't know if the filmmakers were aiming for humor at those points , but they just came off as being dirty and not needed at all.The only reason I actually continued watching the film was Jill Clayburgh , the actress who played Agnes . As the mother of the household , she tries to keep everything together and everyone happy . Agnes is the most sympathetic character of the bunch and when she would get sad or angry , I felt that emotion due to the great acting by Clayburgh . In a film filled with unlikeable characters , I truly loved Clayburgh 's performance and felt that it belonged in a better film . The final scene of the film with her and Joseph Cross was the best part of the film -LRB- not saying much -RRB- , because of the character and the actress who portrayed her.Overall , `` Running with Scissors '' is not a good nor enjoyable film at all . It 's not a comedy nor a drama either . The characters are terribly written and unlikeable and the story as a whole does n't work well either . The only person that comes out of the rubble unscathed is Jill Clayburgh , who turns in a fine performance . Besides that , there 's nothing great to write home about . I really wish I had just turned it off in the first place .
 Ridiculous and atrocious . Does a disservice to a mediocre book . And all backed by a soundtrack that 's unnecessary and completely out of place . Avoid .
 I just could n't get into it , no matter how hard I tried . It had some funny stuff going on but things just did n't come together . Haphazard ! Nothing gelled . Too much senseless nonsense .
 While this review wo n't be very detailed , I think the point will be quite clear : read the book , skip the movie .
 If you 've read the book , this movie adaptation will disappoint you . It barely resembles the book and really cheats the Borroughs fan who views it expecting the story in dramatization form . The movie gives little of the background circumstances that lead to the events of the premise . The story is oddly weighted to generically display a cast of characters in farce with none of the underlying sadness that the book had to propel the reader through . The characters are simply quirky and odd , not three dimensional and believable . The character of Augusten is played by an actor too old for the story and his naivete is absurd because of it . The sexual awakening in frightening and odd circumstances is watered down in the few minutes that it is even presented in this lackluster flop . Such a ridiculous rendering of what is a funny , sad , and provocative story . Take your scissors and run far far away from this movie !
 like i said in the title the book was awesome . i loved the dark humor and if you have read the book ... I absolutely loved augustens personality in the book . his ideas of doctors and how they should be ... the way he describes himself and his love for shiny things ... just his whole personality as a child in general was HILARIOUS but I didnt see much of any of that in the movie . also , I HATE how hollywood adds so many scenes that were NOT in the book ... that book had more than enough crazy messed up GOOD scenes in it that it by no means needed more that didnt even exist for the movie . overall , i would recommend watching the movie if you HAVE read the book because its cool to see a book come to life on the big screen .
 no wait , this movie is a demo of what it feels like to take a valium . Jill Clayburgh is the one bright spot in this snoozer .
 What a disappointment . Every single character in this film is depressed , mentally ill , and self-absorbed . No one is sane or sympathetic . Therefore , there 's no one to identify with or root for . No one gets better or grows as a person . So what 's the point ? Annette Benning gives a strong performance , but her character is vapid and self-pitying . Not worth two hours of your life .
 After reading the book , the movie struck me as empty , which is an odd feeling to come away with , considering how much was crammed into it . The director managed to stuff in just about everything Burroughs described -- his mother 's delusions , his father 's alcholism , Dr. Finch 's overstuffed house and overstuffed life -- but it felt very untrue to the book . What is missing is Augusten Burroughs ' wry , ironic wit and utter lack of self pity . Without his unique perspective , the portrayals seemed rather one-dimensional , almost typecast . His mother , for instance , was lacking in both humor and Southern eccentricity -LRB- `` What shall I say to my press ? '' she asked when informed of her son 's impending movie . -RRB- Finch was played far too straight as well . -LRB- As a real person he did indeed dress as Santa Claus -- without pants . -RRB- The Finch house in the movie looked like a carefully arranged set , not the quirky , pack-rat chaos which Burroughs described and which can still be found in this neck of the woods . Also missing was the feeling of the Northampton area , which I believe is essential to a real understanding of the life and times of the Turcotte -LRB- Finch -RRB- family , whose `` eccentricities '' were well known . The `` pink house '' looked like something out of Hollywood , not the section of town adjacent to downtown Northampton where the Turcotte family actually lived . Given the local obsession with psychotic poetesses , I think that preserving more of the New England flavor which was so skillfully conveyed by the book would have enhanced the movie and made it fell less generic . With Burroughs ' enormous talent , and the rich subject matter of all his books , I can only hope that if and when his other memoirs are made into films , he chooses a director who is less concerned with `` visuals '' and more faithful to the true intent of the author .
 I have read Augusten 's book which was witty despite it being somewhat ` shocking ' the bunch of dysfunctional weirdo 's in the mix.I watched the movie in agony . Excrutiating . All the humour was missing , although if they wanted to portray all the agony and discord , they did get it right x 100 % There was one laugh out loud bit , rather amusing , the poetry reading by Neel ... The cover I saw had on it ` hilarious , amusing ' It is anything but . Not for the light hearted .
 Running with Scissors is a slice of life movie which spends time leering into the lives of eccentrics and then ends with no revelations or culminating event . Unfortunately what comes before the movie fails to culminate is not very profound or insightful . It is marginally entertaining and somewhat troubling.The lead character in the movie is a 15-year old . His parents divorce , and his selfish mother sends him to live with her charlatan psychoanalyst and his similarly-acquired family . Lead is on course to become a writer -LRB- who eventually writes the non-fiction account upon which this movie is based -RRB- , but we see little of his efforts to develop himself as a writer.All the performances were serviceable , save for Gwyneth Paltrow , who lazily regurgitates a role she played previously . Annette Benning is also essentially revisiting a role she played in a better movie . Mrs. Benning performed excellently and selflessly , but the similarity of the roles intruded on my view of the movie . It is a sure sign that Hollywood is producing too many dysfunctional family flicks when all actors have been consigned to act in them and some actors are serving a second term . Also growing tiresome is the treatment of gays in movies . The presence of one or more characters has become a requirement in films that explore a set of quirky characters . Furthermore , the gays are stereotypically endowed with greater passion and depth of emotion , and are put-upon or stifled by the stodgy straights . The most promising characters are the psychoanalyst 's wife and adopted daughter.The movie has some colorful and funny scenes , but these are not enough to justify a viewing .
 I read Running with Scissors recently and was highly anticipating the film adaptation -- I was VERY disappointed in this poorly contructed rendering of Burroughs ' book . The film entirely lacks Burroughs ' dark wit -- it 's as if the director misinterpreted the author 's tone . The over-abundant scenes of the characters weeping over their tragic lives left me bored.The movie is certainly well-cast -LRB- excluding the roles of Augusten and Nathalie , which bothered me somewhat -RRB- , but even Gwenyth Paltrow seemed to lack direction in her portrayal of Hope , which was as dull and colorless as a block of wood . However , I do have to admit , Annette Benning and Joseph Fiennes ' stellar performances did stand out in this otherwise lacking adaptation . I also thought the script was poorly written -- I can understand the necessity for some creative license , but the script strayed too far from the book in my opinion . I think perhaps that 's why the film is such a mess .
 Do n't watch the movie !! The movie puts the book to shame ! As funny and entertaining as the book was , the movie is the exact opposite !! Terrible adaptation !
 i do n't understand on how this is a comedy it 's more of a drama . who ever said the funniest movie of the year was trippin ' . it 's not funny at all on what happens to the main character . i gave it two stars for effort , but it 's something i wao n't watch again .
 I can certainly understand some of the issues driving the story , but I ca n't relate to this film . I feel nothing for any of the characters . Visually and performance-wise , it 's terrific . Storywise , I guess I prefer more sober approaches to telling a story . I understand that this script is based on fact , however , if that 's the case , they are people toward whom I shrug with a `` so what ? '' I can appreciate off-the-wall humor ; I loved `` The Royal Tenenbaums '' for instance but `` Running With Scissors '' does n't work . Sometimes it 's just that strange x-factor which , for me , is in play here . I ca n't recommend this film at all .
 OK , if you are into John Wayne nostalgia , but does n't stand up well to contemporary film action , adventure or historical movies
 I sold this DVD version of Wayne 's Alamo on Ebay after I watched the CUT documentary . And where was the documentary cut at ? All the interviews with the Mexican actors , or participants of the film were deleted from it !!!! When I watched it a few years ago , I noticed something wrong with it , and I soon realized the parts where the Mexicans were interviewed were cut out of the documentary ! A trip , indeed . This is a piece of crappola , and MGM s/be ashamed of itself ... but , knowing its past history , I know it is n't ashamed of itself in this racist cut of a documentary ! It just was n't the same without those Mexican participants somehow ! It was lacking spirit because of their slanted cut of those Mexican participants in the film , shame on you MGM !!!
 Having seen the Alamo many times -LRB- at least 25 -RRB- I was glad to see it out on DVD . Since am upgrading from VHS , I bought it . Put it in and soon realized that they had put the basic version on the disc . I took it out and have n't touched it since . Keep hoping they will release the good -LRB- Director 's Cut -RCB- Version soon .
 Such a great movie completely ruined by Warner/MGM issuing a badly cut version of this classic film . Originally running at 196 minutes with Overture and Intermission plus 26 minutes of footage . This full version has already been issued on both VHS and Laserdisc so why do we have to put up with a cut version on DVD . The breaks in narrative ruin the continuity of the movie completely . Ever since this DVD was released I have been hoping for a `` Director 's Cut '' but this does not appear to be in the forseeable future . The releas of the new version with Billy Bob Thornton would have been an ideal time for Warner to bring out THE ORIGINAL .
 John Wayne so firmly believed in `` The Alamo '' that he went out on his own to direct this lumbering fictional account of the slaughter of 187 men at the Texas landmark . The film is a sprawling and unabashed flag waver that quite simply fails to get the patriotic juices flowing . Wayne plays Davy Crockett as something of a Disney-fied fun-loving frontiersman . Laurence Harvey needs less starch in his britches as the rigid Col. William Travis . Ricahrd Widmark as Jim Bowie is left to veer between Wayne and Harvey in a performance that can only be described as unsympathetic . Richard Boone , Chill Wills and -LRB- oh , you got ta be kiddin ' me -RRB- Frankie Avalon are in it too . Frankie does n't sing . No expense was spared in this literal brick-by-brick recreation of the Alamo . One would do well to remember that!THE TRANFER
 John Wayne as Davey Crockett ? I rest my case . I gave it 2 stars because it is ~ not ~ as terrible as watching the Duke as a Roman Soldier or Genghis Kahn . Those 2 roles were beyond funny/bad . This is a bad movie with `` Hollywood-1950 's - I hate commies '' written all over it . Stinks .
 John Wayne , Richard Widmark , Laurence Harvey and the rest of the cast that portrayed the men who sacrificed their lives at the Alamo deserve the director 's cut of this great American epic . This is an unforgettable movie but this version is very forgettable . Get the director 's cut on VHS .
 This version of John Wayne 's The Alamo is 2 hr and 40 minutes from MGM . This is disappointing as MGM released the 3 hr and 20 minutes version on VHS several years ago . Missing from the DVD version are the `` Jeffersoian speech '' between Col. Travis and Capt. Dickinson , the `` death of Emil Sand '' , `` conversation between Col. Travis and Col. Bowie regarding Col. Fannin '' , the `` death of the parson '' and `` the Alamo defenders talking about God '' to name a few . The `` collectible booklet '' advertised is a two page fold out . I recommend anybody wanting to see The Alamo buy a copy of the restored orignial director 's cut on VHS .
 For all those who have yet to buy this movie , WAIT !!! I know many have criticized the DVD release as it is the shorter , general release and NOT the memorable `` Roadshow '' edition complete with Overture , Intermission , and over 25 minutes of deleted scenes.The film is currently being worked on up in Canade . It is one of the last surviving prints left in existence . Supposedly , it will be released sometime next year on DVD and Blu-Ray . GOOGLE IT !!! In the meantime , add a couple other John Wayne films to your list until the NEW and IMPROVED version arrives .
 Not to belabor the obvious , but what dummy decided to put the short version of this movie out on disc , when the full version is availible on lousy VHS from the same company ? Gim me a break !
 Hey everyone , this VHS copy of John Wayne 's `` THE ALAMO '' is listed as 202 minutes , which would be the restored roadshow version . However , after buying it I discoverd it is only the cut 161 minute version of the film !!!!
 I do n't even remember where I purchased the DVD version - but , I too noted the absence of the Overture , Entre Acte , Intermission and Exit Music . I do n't remember if I ever owned the VHS version - but , may have sold it after I purchased DVD - believing I was getting a 1:1 replacement . I recently - this month being the anniversary of the actual battle - set out to purchase it on Blu-ray - and was shocked to find it was n't available ! Given the number of much lesser films that have been released on Blu-ray , does anyone have any idea why this one has n't ?? Is this possibly a carry-over from the original biased treatment following it 's initial production/release -LRB- e.g. , winning only one of seven oscar nominations -RRB- ???
 Having seen the wide-screen version , this video was very disappointing . I expected the same movie . I could n't even sit through the first hour because they kept on cutting out parts that I remember from the full-length wide-screen version . Very disappointing considering you ca n't return videos that are viewed .
 If I may commit treason in the eyes of all John Wayne fans -- this was NOT the movie for him ! Most of his roles -LRB- most notably `` True Grit '' -RRB- he just fits into , as though they were written with him in mind -LRB- and most probably were -RRB- . This one just does n't work for him . John Wayne is NOT Davy Crockett ; he just says the lines and valiantly dies when the script says the time is right .
 If you want to waste 2-1/2 hours go ahead . Not worth watching it , slow and boring with a horrid ending .
 This `` widescreen '' version has been severely cropped from the original theatrical version , and much of Wayne 's widescreen composition is compromised . Although ponderous , it was a beautifully framed and shot film . Much of that is lost in an effort to keep it `` widescreen '' yet keep the image as tall as possible .
 If you like your history glossy or very watered down , this is the movie for you . Hey , loved Wayne in many , many movies BUT , as history buff and Texan , -LRB- San Antonio - no less -RRB- this is the most atrocious conveyance of history ever . After viewing this movie , one is lucky to know that there was a ` real ' place called the Alamo and that somewhere along the way there was some battle in someplace called Texas . Umm , lem me see , the attack after sunrise , Bowie actually not bed-ridden , Travis dying by the sword and then breaking it ? Yes , it 's spectacle , it is wordy but historical IT IS NOT . Please save your money and buy a book on the Alamo by Walter Lord , `` A Time To Stand '' .
 Maybe the most influential moive of my life -LRB- I saw it when it came in in 1960 when I was 10 -RRB- I have since viewed it numerous times . The best part of the movie is the wonderful set and the music . But after learning what one can learn of this fight , it is almost too sad to see this movie as a typical 1950 's flick . Terrible screenplay which lessens the grit that we want to bestow on the heroic dfenders . The `` Travis-Bowie '' conflict is tense , but historically misses the fact
 HELP NEEDED FROM ALL YOU ALAMO FANSCan anyone let me know where I can get hold of a copy of the book titled `` John Wayne 's the Alamo
 It is one of the worst movies on the alamo i have ever seen and it does n't really show the alamo and the 187 men that were massacered there . It is totally inacurate and unrealistic . I like John Wayne and everything but this movie really sucks . If you want to see the real story try watching The Alamo
 Now that the cold war is over , America should take a cold shower and re-examine this fascinating -LRB- if overblown -RRB- episode in its history and once more dare to interpret it -LRB- perhaps even objectively -RRB- for the silver screen . John Wayne 's embarassing rendering ages badly - unless , of course , you are a John Wayne fan . Wayne is less interested in history than in a make-believe story of what he thinks history is . As a proud liberal and American I will state it loud and clear
 `` The Alamo '' was a vanity project for Wayne that he spent nearly fourteen years trying to get made . Unfortunately , he was so busy trying to push his conservative political agenda that he failed to make an effective movie . At over three hours long , it is meant to be an epic . Unfortunately the climatic battle lasted only an hour in real life and what led up to it was a long slow siege . The film might have been more effective if Wayne had built up the tension during the siege . Instead , his characters are too busy gving windy speaches and otherwise just occupying screen time . And as a villian , Santa Anna is completely colorless rather than being the classic movie bad guy that he should be . Overall , a would be classic that fell well short of the mark . Nice cinematography , though .
 You know , you would think that a guy like John Wayne who wanted to make the Alamo movie for 13 years would have at least researched what went on there . But no , he just made up his own reality on the subject . And is n't that , in reality , disrespect to the place and its defenders ? Anyway , anybody who has read the history of the Alamo will reject this mess of fantasy nonsense real quick . An example that even those who do n't know Alamo history can laugh at -- in the movie San Antonio is located on the Rio Grande River , when it is actually 150 miles away . Total drivel , and a waste of time . This movie is horrible . But hey , it has the required number of colorful sidekicks typical of John Wayne 's western movies , does n't that save it ? NO . This movie is as phony as John Wayne himself .
 This unapologetic piece of flag waiving patriotism has to be John Wayne 's worst film ... and this is from someone who believes that John Wayne is one of the worst actors in Hollywood history . I 'm sorry to slaughter your sacred cows , if this offends anyone , but I really dislike John Wayne . Regardless , this film would not be any better if Gregory Peck or Marlon Brando starred in it . It is just filled with too many historical inaccuracies to be taken seriously.If you want to view it as a piece of fiction , maybe you 'll enjoy it ... but I was unable to suspend my disbelief . Please , if you are interested in the real history behind the Alamo , do n't depend on this film or the washed up rehtoric the Alamo guides feed you . Do a bit of research . I ca n't think many events in American history that are as misrepresented as the Alamo . To portray the Alamo defenders as reedom fighters , as this film does , would be to portray the Confederacy as a freedom movement as well . The truth has more gray areas than the black/white this film tries to sell . I 'd like to say that Hollywood has improved since by being more critical of historical events , but looking at the previews of the new Alamo film I would venture to say it 's still not the case .
 This shortened version leaves out some critical scenes that were on the original that was on VHS . The originial had the most beautiful music before , in between , and after . But this version falls way too flat on all accounts . Why ruin a great movie that was a classic western ?
 I want to warn others not to make the mistake I did . This is not that beautiful director 's cut which was issued on Laser and VHS . If that is what you are looking for , WAIT.I am completely in awe why the studio would release the trimmed down version of this film on DVD!Please please release the 202 minute version .
 Having the VHS version of this wonderful movie with surround sound and the director 's cut I looked forward to the DVD being released . Unfortunately , the distributors have short changed all of us here by releasing the short version of the film with 2 Channel Stereo and no Overture , Intermission or Exit Music . Come on guys , look at what the VHS offers in content . Surely the DVD should be just as good or better !!!!!
 Have to say I was totally appalled by the way MGM UA released this classic movie on DVD . Have the Director 's Cut on VHS and it 's a completely different experience , fleshing out many scenes which appear abrupt in the edited version , especially between Flaca and Crockett , Bowie and Travis - and relating to Travis himself . The death of The Parson -LRB- Hank Warden -RRB- which is a very moving scene , does not appear , and the viewer especially misses out on Dimitri Tiomkin 's Overture , Entre Acte , Intermission and Exit Music . Also missing is the birthday sequence , the fight in the Church over gunpowder does n't make any sense , and Flaca seems to make a very sudden exit . Even the TV versions run longer than this!Of course , even with these unacceptable drawbacks , the movie remains Duke 's immortal homage to freedom and The Republic.The DVD also includes a featurette `` John Wayne 's The Alamo '' , which will be very interesting to all students of Wayneasia and of this movie in particular.I would suggest that John Wayne fans and Clubs should petition MGM to release this classic properly as it was meant to be seen , perhaps even with the addition of `` Spirit of the Alamo '' , which Duke also did that year , and give us , the viewing public what we are entitled to - complete versions of all our beloved movies , and not a cut rate edition . Surely the studio could come up with some archival footage re the Premiere of the Picture , maybe even an expanded two disk set - just like they have with other notable Hollywood epics.The Director 's cut on VHS is the one with five stars
 This DVD of `` The Alamo '' is not the `` Director 's Cut '' that was shown at the LA premiere and issued on Laser Disc and VHS . It is the edited version that was issued for general release . It is missing at least 26 minutes of footage . It also does not contain the Overture or Intermission . I do not know if it contains the Exit music because I turned it off after the part where the Intermission should have been . `` The Alamo '' is one of my top 10 favorite movies of all time . This DVD version broke my heart . Anybody who loves films knows how I feel . MGM has been having experiencing numerous problems with their DVD division this year . This latest DVD of `` The Alamo '' is just one more example of their proliferation into the abyss of non-existent quality assurance at their facilities . For example , on the opening credits they ca n't even keep control of horizontal movement as the frame moves up and down . This film deserves better . The Alamo is one of America 's greatest icons . Through word , song and picture the legend of the Alamo was handed down and stills lives today . Men and women of different religious , ethnic and social backgrounds came together and died or lost loved ones at the Alamo in a noble effort to overcome tyranny and preserve basic human freedoms . John Wayne preserved that legend on film . `` The Alamo '' is one of America 's greatest films . Like I said , this DVD version is a real heartbreaker .
 It said it was about girls going to a nudist beach.They went the beach for about five minutes and it was a topless beach.Iam trying to add to my nudist movies and these set backs do n't help
 Whatever happened to the glory days of French cinema like Truffaut , Godard etc , now replaced by unimaginative `` realists '' of the type represented in this movie . From the cardboard cutout characters to the inane `` plot '' this is a film that only teenage girls of 17 and a half could empathize with . This film does n't tell you anything you have n't seen before in the `` coming of age '' category ... oh , the confusion , the tears , the lousy sex , the intolerant parents etc etc. . The only redeeming feature is the actresses who do a brave job with the atrocious screenplay .
 I do n't remember seeing Isild Le Besco in any other films , but she does look a bit familiar . If I have seen her elsewhere , it must have been in a role that she performed with much greater insight and finesse than Gwen from ` Girl 's Ca n't Swim ' , or I definitely would remember . I 'm still not sure what the title actually means ... something about young women struggling to find their way ... blah blah blah ... but , it actually was n't a terrible film . Nevertheless , Le Besco 's performance is one of the most irritating I 've seen in years . I was reminded of Dorothy Parker 's cutting remark when critiquing a Katherine Hepburn film
 This movie epitomizes the sub-genre of `` French films '' . Which is to say it engenders every tired stereotype of what makes some French films either unwatchable or unenjoyable -LRB- the other type of films from France or by French directors , including Jean-Pierre Juinet/Luc Besson / etc , who have a good sense of pacing and action and frenetic mood -RRB- . To explain my statement about stereotypical French films , the movies in question consistently consist of stilted arthouse drama with unlikable characters who do not have much use for the concept of understatement or indoor voice , whose lives are always immersed in melodrama , whether or not circumstances warrant it . These films also do not seem to place much value in pacing , and indeed regard a slow and plodding progression as an indication of depth and thought , even if such elements are not evident . Something else that seems troubling about this kind of French film -LRB- if not the culture itself -RRB- is the seemingly nonchalant attitude about physical coercion in sexual encounters . In more than one interview , Gerard Depardieu has cavalierly waxed nostalgic about participating in gang rapes during his teen years . Correspondingly , this film has more than one occasion of where a teenage girl is assaulted , and in each case the matter is regarded with minor -LRB- if any -RRB- attention at best.There is also the inveterately disfunctional interactions between all parties in this film , as is so common . As it turns out , hardly of the characters are particularly likable or sympathetic . The father was conveyed as a marginally sympathetic character at the end , until his encounter with Lise . One thing I will give the French credit for is that they do not feel compelled towards using formulaic , predictable happy endings.Aside from this , the title has an apt metaphor in the plot that has been mentioned in other reviews . However , I was not very impressed with the film , for the plodding execution and other reasons listed . I did n't think the movie was completely terrible , but I also think it was n't very strong -LRB- barely 2 stars -RRB- . Additionally , both the film 's synopsis and several other sources are guilty of misleading descriptions regarding the so-called erotic/sensual nature of the girls ' relationship . If this is why you are renting it , you will be very disappointed . Otherwise , if you are an unremitting Francophile or praiser of foreign films , you will find some excuse to laud this film , if for no other reason than your need to .
 My child is a fan of Charlie and Lola but this dvd do n't like too much .
 This is one of the worst Hindi movies , I have seen in my life . There is nothing good about this movie except for a few songs . The direction is very bad . How can someone dance with a fractured leg ? Some people may find the romance and drama very entertaining , however , I like movies that are more realistic . Shahrukh Khan is not as good an actor as people feel about him . In fact , he is one of the worst actors ever born on the planet earth . The only meaningful film , I ever saw of Shahrukh Khan was Swadesh .
 I just finished watching this DVD . I can only compare my present stateto that of one who has been locked in a room full of crying , indecisive womenfor four hours and forced to eat a ten pound bag of sugar before he could leave .
 I 'm sure the movie was good but it would not play no matter what I tried . It kept telling me the content was in error and we only saw about 10 minutes of the entire movie .
 I am disappointed w / this DVD , the movie was shortened on this version . Having seen the original movie twice before , this alteration was quite obivious . Wo n't purchase this type of item in the future , how will you know you are getting the complete film or not ?
 The standard DVD edition of the 45th Anniversary Edition of `` Doctor Zhivago '' is a work of sacrilege . For some ungodly reason , the movie is spread out over both sides of Disc 1 , rather than being spread out over 2 discs -LRB- ala GWTW , etc. -RRB- . Since I 've never had a double-sided disc that did n't arrive damaged , you 're wasting your money if you buy this one . Releasing a DVD of one of the greatest movies of all time in this condition is unforgivable .
 A lot of people clearly loved this movie , but here is a minority report . _ Dr Zhivago _ is a film in which a lot of very talented people did some of their worst work . David Lean seems to have forgotten the `` motion '' part of the term `` motion pictures '' . Robert Bolt provided a stilted , occasionally ludicrous script
 This film follows the unhappy life of doctor and poet Yuri Zhivago -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- and his doomed love affair with the beautiful Lara -LRB- Julie Christie -RRB- during the years of the Russian Revolution . Although technically brilliant , the story is a romantic muddle full of coincidence and unexplained changes in character . Sharif and Christie generate little chemistry on the screen . Sharif 's portrayal is bland and the character of Zhivago is unsympathetic ; his treatment of his unbelievably saintly first wife -LRB- Geraldine Chaplin -RRB- is unforgivable . Rod Steiger 's Komarovsky goes from villainous cretin to would-be benefactor with little rationale.As I mentioned above , the production values are excellent and director David Lean certainly knows how to frame a shot . If the film were shorter , these merits would elevate it to three stars in my eyes . However , such expense , effort and time wasted on such threadbare material simply emphasizes how lightweight the story is .
 I consider David Lean to be one of the greatest filmmakers ever -- but this is far from his best film . The cinematography is sweeping in it beauty -LRB- not unlike other films from its day such as the Sound of Music -RRB- and the actors were talented but the love story was so simplified that it lacked the emotional depth needed to give the characters arcs or even elicit sympathy . Such is the stuff that fluff is made.Another disappointing aspect of this film was it 's award winning score . The short dominating theme -LRB- which can be heard in its entirety as the DVD menu music -RRB- reoccurs every time the star crossed lovers met or are about to meet . The variations on the theme are not well developed so we hear the same 30 seconds of mandolin music again , and again and again . Out of all of the Academy 's nominations in 1965 for Substantially Original Musical Score -LRB- which included Alex North 's brilliant work Agony and the Ecstasy -- Alfred Newman 's awe-inspiring Greatest Story Ever Told and what many consider to be the finest musical ever filmed
 It 's unfortunate that such a grand effort ended in such a convoluted mess . Amazing sets and costumes will only carry you so far . I 'm amazed that this movie is so highly regarded . Purchase at your own risk . Just be prepared to be bored and/or irritated .
 Hammy acting all-around , a repetetive score , unlikeable characters -LRB- especially the protagonists -RRB- all wrapped in widescreen eye candy scenery . An airy bon bon disguised as amomentous drama .
 You have to love a company that puts over one hundred reviews of a DVD that has yet to be released on its website . Amazonoids apparently do n't understand one simple fact
 The movie is great . That is not an issue . I ca n't get it to play if full blu-ray with surround sound in the English version just the other 5-6 languages . I 've tried different receiver settings and moved through the choices on the movies menu but ca n't figure put how to change it to the correct setting for English . Picture is good but sound is n't -LRB- except on the foreign language settings .
 I Ordered Dr. Zhivago , from GFMedia in 2010 and did not have a chance to watch it until yesterday . The sound was nonexistent in places and volume was not consistent . What should have been the second part after the Interlude was a repeat of the first part of the movie ! I realize the warranty ran out long ago but something this defective should have been replaced . When contacted the seller just said , `` Sorry , it is no longer in warranty '' . Do not buy from GFMedia !
 We liked this movie and purchased it to become a part of our movie collection . This is a long movie and comes on two DVDs . The first part was great ! However , when we played the second part the DVD disk was bad and we were unable to see the second part . Because we opened the case we were unable to return it as the paperwork we received stated we could not return it if it had been opened . Unfortunately , there was no way of knowing if the DVDs worked unless it had been opened . Therefore , we go stuck with buying a DVD that would not play and we could not return it . We chalk this up as a loss for us and we will not be purchasing DVDs from Amazon in the future unless there is a return policy allowing us to return an unplayable DVD .
 I like the movie , and the dvd set is fine , but I prefer to watch movies with the words and the mouth movements in sync . Amazon has sent me two of the two-disc special edition , and they 're both out of sync .
 I bought this DVD two weeks ago in Amazon , but unfortunately it did n't meet my expectations . First , I realized it was made in Mexico , and the disc quality was very bad , too fragile , and it seems like it was a pirate copy because everything , including the print in the DVD seems fake.Next , the quality of the movie was bad also , when I saw this movie in cable TV a few months ago , I thought the quality of the movie was very good , but in this DVD is very bad ; it has bad resolution.Finally , in the characteristics of the product , it says it was in English with subtitles in Spanish and English , but that is not true . It comes in English , French , and Spanish with subtitles in the same languages.Now I understand why the price was lowered . Definitively , I would take more care , when I buy something at Amazon .
 This is the 2nd CD set I have received for this film . In both sets the 2nd CD is defective . I returned the first one and received a replacement from Amazon . However I am having trouble completing the return process online for this 2nd CD in order to get a replacement . When I am at the page to submit and print labels it freezes up and will not go to the next page and complete my return/replacement order . I have tried numerous times on 2 different computers but it always does the same thing . I would like to have a good version of this film but do n't want to be charged every time I send back a bad CD . Please advise on how I can resolve this problem . I still have this set , have not yet returned it to Amazon .
 I 'd previously seen and loved `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' and when `` Doctor Zhivago '' came out on DVD , I bought it having never seen it.It pains me to say this -LRB- because it means I wasted my money ! -RRB- , but boy , this is NOT a great movie . The sets are fantastic , and many of the shots LOOK really good ... but there really is n't much of a story here at all -LRB- I do n't care what the author was nominated for -RRB- , and the characters -LRB- aside from Rod Steiger 's and Klaus Kinski 's -RRB- are about as one-dimensional as you can get . For instance , Zhivago spends the majority of the movie being unfaithful to his wife , but we never once get the impression that he has ANY feelings of remorse or guilt whatsoever . And the end of the film completely ignores the fate of his wife altogether , as if we 're supposed to just forget about her too . Zhivago seems to daydream his way through the film , his eyes glazing over anytime anything of interest happens to him -LRB- and I 'm led to believe that Lean WANTED Sharif to act like that for some reason -RRB- . So Zhivago comes off like a non-entity ... boring and possibly even stupid . I liked Sharif in `` Lawrence '' but he 's hopelessly miscast here ... imagine if the immortal Klaus Kinski had been given the title role instead !! Now THAT would have been an exciting , passionate portrayal.Summary
 I have loved Dr. Zhivago from the moment it hit the big screen but this DVD copy is of poor quality . It is cheaply produced and you discover that the movie is on both sides of the DVD . It is just disappointing . The lesson is that often when you buy cheap you get a substandard product ... lesson learned . I 'm going to find an old VHS copy to watch .
 I feel ripped off and will keep my eyes open for this vendor . I will not purchase from this vendor again . Not a good review .
 David Lean 's `` Doctor Zhivago '' is the epic that will cure your insomnia . It suffers from a fatal overdose of melodrama and a running time that will wear down the resolve of even the most resilient filmwatcher.Russian poet-doctor Yuri Zhivago -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- weds Tonya Gromeko -LRB- Geraldine Chaplin -RRB- but continuously finds himself separated from her because of war . Into his life enters Lara Antipova -LRB- Julie Christie -RRB- , a woman worn down by her relationships with the politician Viktor Komarovsky -LRB- Rod Steiger -RRB- and the revolutionary Pasha -LRB- Tom Courtenay -RRB- . Despite his love for his wife , Yuri can not deny his passionate feelings for Lara.The production design of `` Doctor Zhivago '' is tremendous and Omar Sharif turns in a magnificent performance as the soulful doctor . However , these high points are undone by a saccharine love story , an annoying musical score , and Lean 's determination to prolong his film as long as possible . Watching `` Doctor Zhivago '' is such a taxing experience that there should be warning labels attached to all copies of it to alert new viewers of the anguish that awaits them . A lot of editing and a lot less soap opera moments would have done wonders for `` Doctor Zhivago . '' Lean has been responsible for some terrific films in his career , but this outing is certainly not one of his finer efforts .
 David Lean has directed one of the greatest love stories in movie history , which is found in the background of a much greater story
 Doctor Zhivago , to put it mildly , is simply the most overrated film of all time . Dull does n't even begin to describe this unbelievably tedious and overinflated film . Besides some admittedly beautiful photography and the always luminous Julie Christie , this one 's a dud with a capital D.Dr . Z is filmed against the backdrop of a monumental event in world history -- the Russian Revolution . Yet the film -LRB- and the book , for that matter -RRB- misses a golden opportunity to involve the characters in that event . To be blunt , all Zhivago and Lara are interested in doing is performing the horizontal hokey-pokey . It 's meaningless when their lives are affected by the revolution because they care only about their own self-interest . The Russian Revolution is basically reduced to a plot device that separates the two lovers . I did n't care one bit about any of the characters.The failure of the film is even more glaring considering the talent involved
 This movie version of Boris Pasternak 's novel is so far removed from that novel as to be virtually another entity . The characters have little relation to Paternak 's descriptions or his insights into the inner lives of Lara and Yuri . Sharif is very poor as a Russian poet , and his sparkling eyes are bad substitutes for good acting . Jukie Christie is woinderful , she can muster through , but she is too British , and there is also Ralph Richradson and Tom Courtney and G. Chaplin and Siobahn McKenna ... too western by far . And that script by Bolt is atrocious ! Read P -LCB- asternak and pray the Russians re film it as it should be filmed.The score is pleasant , but stereotypical and syrupy . Not Lean 's best . His best and greatest is Lawrence of Arabia . See this and know how hampered hje was by Ponti and Metro Goldwyn Mayer and Bolt 's total lack of understanding of the novel !! Avoid this campy movie ...
 This is an overblown , pretentious Hollywood adaptation of an uninsipiring novel by an outcast author from Russia . This film demonstrates that Hollywood and the West can not make a plausible film about Russia . Instead of watching this , it is recommended to watch movies about Russia by Russian directors.In the 1950s , Pasternak underwent a profound crisis , as shown by his novel `` Doctor Zhivago . '' Dr Zhivago is just one more novel of petty-bourgeois intellectual disillusion with life in the world as it is . This book expresses a negative attitude toward the Russian people and their Revolution , as well as a total lack of faith in social transformation . The viewer of this film sees the Revolution not from the perspective of the working class and their political organizations but from that of the self-indulgent petit-bourgeoisie . Working-class people and their leaders in this film are depicted as crude caricatures . The central character Zhivago is a failure
 The first dvd I tried to watch in this series was not clear enough to watch . It was like it was scrambled , very distorted . I have not tried to watch the other dvd 's in that series yet . Do you replace just one dvd or do I send back the whole set ??? Also , who pays for the returned dvd 's ??
 If you are a man , start running now ! Although this movie is so slow that you could probably slither on your belly and still escape it.If you are a woman you may be able to sit through this seemingly unending saga of Soviet slush . But you better have plenty of patience . A good test might be to see `` Dances with Wolves '' first . If you can watch that without wishing that 90 minutes had been left on the cutting room floor , you MIGHT have the grit for Zhivago.I gave it 2 stars on the assumption that somewhere out there exists a movie which is even more torturous than this one .
 David Lean was in over his head with this film adaptation of the historic book by Pasternak . There is absolutely no justification for this movie to be so long since it hardly touches the complexities of its source . When I saw the film during its original release , I wondered why it was taking so long to get to the point . I never did get the `` point '' . Then again I do n't understand all the fuss around `` Gone With the Wind '' either.The performances by Shariff and Christie were amazing . By that I mean that it appeared that they were filmed separately performing their roles , then the results were edited together . Talk about no chemistry!Yes the cinematography is grand , however , the music score is minimalistic.If you enjoy daytime soap operas , then you might enjoy this film .
 Many scenes have been cut out . I saw the origninal movie when it originaly came out and this is NOT original.Do not buy this version if you want the original version . I wish I knew where to get the original.Please advise .
 The reason this version of this wonderful film only merits two stars from me is due to the multiple jumps and freezes on the discs . Yes , that 's plural . The second DVD I ordered to replace the first one also had the same problems but in different places on the disc . Do n't know what 's going on here , but the quality control for this edition is horrible . David Lean would be scandalized that his epic film is being so shoddily reproduced . I 've now had to return this second DVD and am asking for a refund this time . I mean , what are the odds that the third one I 'd get would also be defective ? I 'm going to try the two-disc set , see if it 's got the same problems . Very annoying and totally unnecessary to have to jump through these hoops in 2011 to get a decently produced DVD .
 While it has some stunning cinematography this movie is horribly dated and the romance falls flat . I would much rather watch The english patient , summer of 42 or Titanic over a hundred times than watch this once more . Where is the plot ? It 's all melodrama and no content , just not for me .
 This simplified version of the revolution in Russia just does n't hold up over time . Where 's the revolution ? Why do we care that Zhivago and Lara want each other ? Is n't Geraldine Chaplin ten times classier than Julie Christie ? Worse , the absurdity of seeing English actors with an Egyptian lead playing Russians feels very 1960s . The movie sports a tediously repetitive score and a made-for-TV script , making for a long sit at three-and-a-half hours . In the IMDb trivia notes it says that Lean suffered at the hands of the critics , though the film was popular and won so many Oscars . I can see why the critics howled , and not with glee . Watch this one only if you have a particular interest in any of the actors . SPOILER ALERT . By the end of it I was yelling at the screen `` Zhivago , you wimp ! Do n't just stand there with your suitcases and that long face . Go after her ! '' He acts like a passive twit who deserves to lose the girl . They say that director Lean wanted 1960s-yummy Peter O'Toole for the role , but I ca n't quite see him playing such a weak man . Sharif is also sexy , and surely more powerful than this flaccid lead would suggest . He has zero , and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie , who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction .
 I had always wanted to see this movie , considering the hype around it . Never got to see it on free TV and wish I had now , so I 'd save the money I spent on the video . This film is a bore , to say the least . It seems to be more a tale of sexual license , rather than a expansive drama of a few characters against the backdrop of a revolution . The characters you care little about , `` Lara 's Theme '' gets to be grating after a while , the city of Moscow seems to be one street with bleak looking buildings around it and the train ride is tedious . I like Julie Christie , but if you want to see her in a long , romantic drama that has a better score and is much more involving , see `` Far from the Madding Crowd '' , from just a few years later after this . If you want to see a better David Lean film , watch `` Ryan 's Daughter '' .
 I am writing this review for my film appreciation class at Lowry High School in Winnemucca Nevada.Doctor Zhivago was a very long an boring movie -LRB- 3 hours-17 minutes -RRB- ! I just kept on going without having any exciting parts to it . At times it was hard to understand what was going on . I do n't even know what the point of it was.The only good part about this movie was some of the scenery . The snow , trees and mountains looked pretty good . The photography was exceptional The movie needs to have a better plot to it.The only part i really understood about the movie was that Lara -LRB- Julie Christie -RRB- was Doctor Zhivago 's -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- mistress.I would n't recommend watching this movie . Rent or buy some other movie instead .
 I am writing this review for my film appreciation class at Lowry High School in Winnemucca Nevada.Doctor Zhivago was a very long an boring movie -LRB- 3 hours-17 minutes -RRB- ! I just kept on going without having any exciting parts to it . At times it was hard to understand what was going on . I do n't even know what the point of it was.The only good part about this movie was some of the scenery . The snow , trees and mountains looked pretty good . The photography was exceptional The movie needs to have a better plot to it.The only part i really understood about the movie was that Lara -LRB- Julie Christie -RRB- was Doctor Zhivago 's -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- mistress.I would n't recommend watching this movie . Rent or buy some other movie instead .
 The Bluray disk u sent me wo n't play . Amazon is now in my spam list .
 If you 're the kind of person who loves the TV show , you will be the kind of person who hates this god awful movie .
 On it 's own , this movie is OK . It is certainly not a great movie , but if you are up late or bored , it might be enjoyable . However , if you are a fan of the show , as I am , then this movie provides little drug for your `` Buffy '' fix and fails to provide any significant history to a fan of the show . Also , do n't watch the movie and expect to see the same level of drama/comedy/romance and depth of the characters as you see on television each week . If you are a fan of the tv show , watch/buy the series premiere `` Welcome to the Hellmouth/The Harvest '' as a starting point . Finally , while I like Kristy Swanson , she is no Sarah Michelle Geller who is the `` real '' Buffy -LRB- despite not being the original -RRB- .
 I 'd recommend getting this DVD if you 're a big Buffy fan like myself and need it for your collection . However , if you 've never seen Buffy the series , do n't watch this first . Kristy does a great job portraying Buffy -LRB- she 's 18 in the movie but in the series the character was aged down to 15 when it began -RRB- . But as far as the rest of the cast ... yikes . Luke Perry 's presence is just too big for this film . I 'm not a big fan of his which might be why I did n't really enjoy this movie . Plus , this is the early stages of Buffy in development by Joss Whedon and it was geared to be more of a SPOOF on horror rather than what the show is today . He 's truly grown as a writer now , and you can see bits of his brilliance in this film , but not enough to fall in love with it . This movie is why I was scared to watch the series when it first came out because I thought it would be just as bad as this movie . If you want to see why Buffy is popular , just jump ahead to 1997 and get the first season on DVD . Watch that first and when you fall in love with it , then go and check this out .
 Man , oh man , is this movie ever a disappointment ! I started watching Buffy the Series towards the middle of its 7-year run , completely drawn-in by the show 's charming mix of drama , horror , and comedy . Unfortunately , this movie has little to offer a fan of the series . The acting is TOTALLY HORRENDOUS -LRB- read
 I thought this was a really bad movie ! I LOVE Buffy but I thought this was soooooo bad it was boring . The frist time I wach this I have to turn it off but then I thought if I love buffy so much how bad could it be well let me tell you really bad !
 After watching the outstanding television series , you 'd be forgiven if you had high expectations of the movie of which it is a spin-off . The story has popular cheerleader Buffy -LRB- Swanson -RRB- find out that she is in fact the Chosen One , the vampire slayer . Now she has to choose between pom-poms and stakes , best friends or vampires.Unfortunately , the central premise and witty script by Joss Whedon are almost completely ruined by Kazui 's camp direction . Thankfully at least we have the TV show to know that this was actually a well-conceived idea that works well . Here we have shots of Swanson -LRB- not a patch on Sarah Michelle Gellar , whose acting ability , alongside the rest of the cast , is a key element to the TV series -RRB- backflipping and performing flying somersaults . This high camp element is n't best helped by the casting of Haur as the villain , as he just does n't fit , no matter how much he tries to look sinister in the shadows.However , the show is n't a total loss . Whedon 's script and its supporting cast - including Pee Wee Herman , David Arquette and Hilary Swank - make it an interesting movie that is probably worth seeing for fans of the TV series . Still , next to that this is just a good idea ruined by an amateurish director .
 I am an avid follower of the TV Series of Buffy -LRB- which I can not recommend highly enough -RRB- . I heard that the movie was weak compared to the series , but I thought I ought to see it - if nothing else for posterity 's sake.Sitting through this film was painful . The intention of the film was to embody `` CAMP '' . -LRB- over the whit that Whedon founded the humor of the series on later . -RRB- The acting is so poor you feel as though the actors are cut from cardboard . The lines drop stiffly from their mouths . The effects are embarrassing . -LRB- I am so glad the vampires in the series do n't float and fly . You can literally feel the wires tugging them upward here . -RRB- My husband who is a staunch Buffy fan got up and left halfway through because he just could n't endure it anymore.One quirk - look for a cameo of a very adolescent Ben Affleck during the basketball game.This movie did give me one thing - a deeper appreciation of Joss Whedon for rising above the failure of the original movie , starting over fresh , and creating an amazing series .
 Well I thought that the Movie was a bit on the cheesy side , nothing like the series at all ! Series was the BEST !
 I 've never been a great fan of teen comedies and this is no exception . I find it hard to believe the highly acclaimed TV series came from this daft film . Kristy Swanson sure is cute although perhaps as irritating as Sarah Michelle Gellar !? Anyway , this movie may prove TOO camp for fans of the series . I was hoping this would be better , but the vamps are just idiotic and the whole thing becomes rather tiresome.I suppose I could recommend it to fans of the series , but I 'll bet you 'll shun it , and I would n't blame you .
 If you like things about vampires , just watch the series `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' staring Sarah Michelle Gellar .
 i ordered this movie and it was damaged it stopped and started and the voices were out of sync so instead of replacing the damaged goods all i got was a refund
 This is not a good film . My wife and I , who are recent converts to the Buffy TV phenomenon , rented this to see how the whole series had gotten started . As it turns out , this film is a completely different animal than the series , the result of what Joss Wheden later described as interference from the studio . This is not well acted , directed , or written , and the special effects are second-rate . If more people had bothered to go out to see this turkey in 1992 , they would have never wanted to see the series when it came out.The plot is essentially the same as during the series ; Buffy Summers , a teenager going through high school , finds out that she is The Slayer , a supernatural being whose destiny is to fight vampires . However , much of the detail is different . Donald Sutherland plays the Watcher , who in this case is named Merrick . This Buffy , played by Kristy Swanson , is the cool girl at school instead of Sara Michelle Gellar 's outcast . Vampires can fly , are n't intimidated by crosses , and do n't turn to dust when staked through the heart . In other words , for fans of Buffy the series , this is an alien universe.Regardless of what you think of the series , this is not a good film . Swanson is not particularly engaging , and Sutherland and Rutger Hauer , who plays the main vampire , were apparently directed to over-act and spend most of the film trying to be intentionally campy but generally failing to even reach the low level of Snakes on a Plane . Some other big-name actors have bit parts in this film , including Hilary Swank , David Arquette , Stephen Root , and a walk-on role for Ben Affleck . Luke Perry of 90210 fame has a larger role which allows him to show off the talent that has made him a has-been . How bad is the acting ? Paul Reubens , better known as Pee Wee Herman , is the standout of the cast.If you are a fan of Buffy the series and are more than idly curious how the whole thing got started , this may be worth the rental -LRB- I would n't purchase it unless Buffy is your life -RRB- . Otherwise , I would n't even waste the 86 minutes on it , much less any actual money .
 this film is nothing compaired to the tv show sarah mischelle gellar is much better .
 Largely a waste of time unless you really , really want to see the prototype for the superior TV Buffy.Unexceptional picture and sound .
 This is a ok movie it is not as good as the show . The acctress Kristie Swanson is a ok acctress but Sharah Michelle Geller is a better buffy .
 Having come late to the Buffy party as it was -LRB- I discovered the show midway through season 7 -RRB- , I have since devoured all things Slayer-related , but until last night , had never seen the movie that started it all . Like most fans , I knew that Joss felt the movie was a complete letdown and had been ruined by the studio and the director , but I figured , `` How bad could it be ? I mean , if he wrote it , there 'll be humor and pathos and great backgrounding and fun dialogue . And I 'll finally get to see how Buffy first felt about being chosen , see her burn down the gym , maybe see her old buddy Ford in his first incarnation . '' NOT!Having now forced myself to sit through the movie I can not believe that a -RRB- Joss wrote this thing , and b -RRB- that someone had the daft idea to adapt it for TV . There are moments , of course , but the worst part about those moments is that I could hear how Sarah Michelle or Nick Brandon or Tony Head or James Marsters might have read those same lines in my head ; could see the way they would look saying them , and what was on screen paled sharply in comparison . The mother ... yikes ! Kristine Sutherland I salute you for never playing Joyce like that!Swanson , Sutherland , Hauer , Reubens , Perry , Swank and so many others who appear in this movie all have talent . We 've seen it . Swank has two Oscars for heavens ' sake ! But you 'd never guess it from what is on screen here . These actors in these roles not only lack even one iota of their tv counterparts ' style , grace or depth , but they do n't even seem to be trying to be good . It does n't help that the script lacks the style , grace and depth of even the worst episode of the tv series , but that 's not Joss ' fault since he had no control over the movie , and does n't begin to excuse lazy acting.The lack of all the trademarks we 've come to know and love about Whedonverse vamps -- `` dusting , '' `` wrinklies , '' genuine scariness , existential confusion -- was off-putting . Why was Hauer dressed like a Halloween costume version of Dracula ? Why could they fly ? Why did the vamps seem like they were on acid rather than hungry demons looking for a feed ? The things that made us love Angel and Spike , Darla and Dru were the depth and `` reality '' of the vampire culture to which they belonged . It felt real . The vamp culture in this film feels like `` Love at First Bite . '' Even the flashbacks from Buffy 's perspective into the lives of former slayers -- something it 's too bad they could n't incorporate into the series at some point -- lacked the pathos , style , and beauty of a `` Lies My Parents Told Me '' or `` Fool for love . `` In the end , I did n't care about a single character in this film , and I did n't for one moment believe in Buffy 's conversion from Cordelia-type vacuous cheerleader to caring , lumberjack outfit wearing slayer . The thing is a mess . Thank God for the series . After watching the move , I popped in `` School Hard '' to cleanse the palate and remind myself of how good/scary Whedonverse vamps were meant to be.If you have n't seen this movie and love the show , do n't waste your time . It truly doens ' t add anything to the Buffyveerse you ca n't get -LRB- much better -RRB- from the series . If you have n't seen the show or the movie ... you make the call , but I 'd advise you to skip this and start with Season One of the series .
 I really , really hated this movie , and there are few movies I truely hate , and this , as you have heard , was one of them . In fact , the only reason I am not totally outraged is because y' know , its the first try , an ' everything . But if you 've tasted the show , do n't even see this . Buffy the show is like a bug to a light , but the movie is like a BUG-B-GONE candle .
 I 'm a huge fan of the TV show but this movie is easily the worst movie I have ever seen . I ca n't believe Joss Wheden actually wrote this piece of trash . It 's impossible to understand because none of the characters have any background information and I honestly ca n't tell if it 's supposed to be a comedy , horror , or action movie . It does n't succeed in any of these . The acting is absolutely terrible and the lines said are things nobody would ever say and , god , I 'm not even going to mention the clothing . The villians are incredibly lame and it takes each one of them three hours -LRB- and a speech -RRB- to die . Plus , Buffy begins the movie as a real mean character and then suddenly transforms into some wonderfully emotional woman and we are given no information on how this happened . Her watcher , who is equally embarrasing , always wears a Sherlock Holmes outfit and stocks Buffy -LRB- even in her locker room `` the naked place '' -RRB- If you watch this movie , do n't come into it with high hopes . It 's best to think that it never happened and laugh at its stupidity and lack of any redeeming values . It looks like it was made by a second grader .
 When I saw this movie the first time I was 4 I loved it then ! But then the show came out witch I LOve Love LOve ! and I saw the movie again I hated it !! The comedy was dull and stupid and you would catch me laughing once witch is bad since it was a comedy ! if I could I would give this movei a -9 it was really bad ! The `` big vamp '' was dull and unsacry , buffy 's acting was bad , and the so call `` thrilling '' scenes swere about as thrilling as watching a dead movie scean !! The only scene worth seeing is the one where the vamp takes 5 minetes to die the rest of the scenes should have been on the cutting room floor ! if you want entertainment see the show ! if you want something for your 4 year old daughter to enjoy sit her down in front of this movie and hope she 's heard of the 80 's !!
 This movie would have been really good if the following would have been better
 This movie is n't the greatest . So many things were wrong .1 . The birth mark -LRB- It was big and nasty -RRB- 2 . Flying Vamps -LRB- Stupid -RRB- 3 . Vamps do n't dust -LRB- There would be to many bodies -RRB- 4 . Vamps didnt change their face -LRB- Human faces w / weird eyes & big teeth -RRB- 5 . Slayer Cramps -LRB- Stupid to have cramps as a reminder about vamps near by -RRB- Just a few examples . I know this was back in '92 but it still could have been better.The T.V series however is the best ! The movie is not important to the show so dont even give it a chance .
 For years I was curious about this film . It has a good cast , a TV show based on it , and decent word-of-mouth . For one reason or another though , I always skipped it . Now I know why . This movie is silly , and I understand it 's supposed to be , but it 's supposed to be hilarious silly , and not ridiculous -LRB- dumb -RRB- silly.Buffy is a valley girl cliche . She hangs out with the girls in the mall , leads the cheerleading squad , plans the high school dance , and sports the whole boppy venacular . What she doens ' t know is that she is really the chosen one . The chosen one to be a vampire slayer . Donald Sutherland knows it because that 's his role in the film . It does n't take at first , but then she gets a taste , and in one montage becomes all powerful.This movie is laughably predictable . In fact , I think this film suffered most from having no script . Valleygirl meets vampires is a good concept for a film . The problem here is there is no excecution . There are a lot of scences in this movie that do n't serve the plot . There is little conflict in the story that does n't seem contrived . The acting is adequate at best . Some performances come off alright , like Sutherland , Swanson , ans Swank , while others come off poorly , like Haurer , Reubens , and Perry . The action scenes with Buffy fighting vampires is actually the best comedy in this movie . It is B-movie action at it 's finest
 I am a big fan of the Buffy series and consider Joss Whedon to be one of the best writers of dialogue and teen characters ever . Unfortunately , this movie was made early in his career when his great potential was barely noticeable . All of the characters in this movie are one-dimensional charicatures , and none of them manage to develope in a realistic manner . Buffy herself is a snobby and shallow cheerleader without any hidden depth for much of the movie until she instantly transforms into a one-dimensional heroine who stops making fun of geeks after being saved by Luke Perry . Personally , I felt like I was watching a different character , not just a different actress . And Luke Perry starts out as a relatively disgusting geek only interested in grossing out girls and getting high until he is suddenly transformed into a one-dimensional dashing hero after his friend is turned into a vampire . Only Donald Sutherland 's character is at all interesting thanks to his wonderful performance.The action is not very exciting . The vampires -LRB- especially Paul Ruebens , who in this case is more annoying than funny -RRB- tend to be silly and never seem like much of a threat . My overall impression is that the studio decided to come up with a cute , attention grabbing title first , then film a movie around it instead of taking a decent script , THEN giving it a title . The meeting must have been like this
 Okay , I recently was trying to get this friend of mine to watch Buffy the Vampire tv series , and they would n't do it because they 'd seen this movie and they kept saying , `` The tv series is always worse than the movie '' Well , they sure are dead wrong ! Because they are rather annoying and stubborn , I could n't get them to give the tv series a try . I think they were just afraid that it would be as dumb and annoying as this movie is . This movie is TERRIBLE . The tv series is excellent , one of the best shows I 've seen . In this movie Buffy is a shallow annoying person , and its all played up for laughs . If you have watched this movie and are relunctant to try the tv series out because of it , then please do n't be ! The tv series is wonderful , a hundred times better than this terrible movie !
 To any of you that think this movie is great , try taking a reality pill !!!!!!!! I did n't care for this movie at all !!!! The acting was dull , you have kristy swanson who is a bimbo cheerleader going around killing vampires !! for a living . Jeeze !!!! I have seen better acting in my daughter 's fourth grade school play about Dental Hygene !!!!!!! Neverteless , luke perrey DID not play a very good part in this cheesy airhead of a movie , more important he ca n't act worth a da -- in any movie or tv show .
 I got this movie cause I saw the TV show and I wanted to see what the movie was like . This movie is not that great and if it were not for the TV series , it would probably fall off the face of the planet . Do yourself a favor and just try to rent it from somewhere .
 To think that a great TV show was born of this disaster is astounding ! This film tried to be a comedy but it failed miserably . It tried to be an action film , but it failed miserably . The lead actress playing Buffy has the talent of a thimble . The whole idea of Buffy was retooled for TV and it was amazing .
 I had to switch this off half way through . I just could n't take it anymore . It 's just not good compared to the TV show -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- . Josh Whedon has come a long way in his writing ability ... a really long way . I find it hard to believe he wrote Buffy
 I &#65533; m not sure I can properly express how bad this movie is . I rented this movie with the understanding that it is nothing like the show , but the sheer amount of garbage this movie is amazed me . The movie tries to do some of the things that was later done to perfection on the television show
 If you 're a big fan of the TV series , you 'll most likely experience quite a jolt when you watch this movie . It 's like a parody of the TV series that came before the TV series.The upside is you 'll probably appreciate the series more.I did find the soundtrack rather interesting though .
 This movie is all the things the TV show is n't . Most of the laughs fall flat . Paul Reuben -LRB- pee wee vampire -RRB- was about the funniest thing in the movie and not until the very end . Rutger is awful . If I had seen the movie first I never would have wathched the show .
 Joss is a genius ... I say let him do what he wants . Sadly , he did not get to do that with this movie , and it ended up sucking . The script is lame and fluffy , the acting not all that ... tune into UPN every Tuesday at 8 and watch the show instead of this . When I went to Blockbuster , the guy at the counter had obviously seen it . He told me it was n't from the show , and I said I knew that . He then tried talking me out of it ... I was stupid enough to be stubborn . Maybe rent it if you 've got a free rental on your Rewards Membership thing ... but do n't spend the money to actually buy it .
 Anyone who is a fan of Buffy the show , knows that it 's superior to the movie in all aspects . Poor Joss Whedon probably wrote a great script about a young blonde highschool cheerleader who would ready to kick the butt of any vampire who cornered her in a dark ally . Because of this gift , the responsibility of saving the world would be overwhelming and she would long for a normal life and realize what can really be important . Unfortunatly , even though glimpes of Joss 's intentions can be seen in the script , the intention was butchered like an Enron document through a shredder . Still , if you like campy vampire movies , you may love this . But watch the show and you will see the astounding difference .
 I thought that the movie was alright , but i think that the show is a whole lot better because it has popular stars , good plots , and it involves more creatures other than vampires ! On the whole , the show is alot better !
 This movie was Joss Whedon 's first attempt at Buffy . He had a vision . His vision was of a little blonde girl , a cheerleader by the name of Buffy who is the most inconceivable person you could imagine for a wonder-womanish character , slaying big bad vampires . This Buffy girl would stand against vampires like they were nothing but irritating gnats . She 'd be more concerned about not being prom queen or breaking a nail than a deadly demon looming over her , because , let 's face it - she 's the slayer and vampires do n't stand a chance against her . Give her three minutes and they 're dead -LRB- again , but for good -RRB- . Terrific and fresh vision , right ? Yes , it is ! But ... the initial vision was drowned out by too many other `` visions . '' The director had her own vision , Donald Sutherland had his own vision , and Twentieth Century Fox had their own vision.Fran Rubel Kuzui , the director , just was n't in tune with Joss Whedon 's style . She may be terrific at other material , but she dropped the ball with witty Buffy . Jokes are delivered halfway and in a corny manner . Listen carefully and you just might hear the way Joss Whedon had originally intended for the humor to come across as , but you 've got to dig pretty deep . Whedon imagined an ocean , and Kuzui delivered a desert instead.Rutger Hauer , who plays Lothos the vampire , completely overacts and turns himself into a caricature . It 's rather laughable and hysterical . Whedon has said , however , that despite the acting , he respected what Hauer tried to do and appreciated him in that he was one of the nicest actors to work with.Donald Sutherland plays Buffy 's watcher , but he came off dry , and from what Joss Whedon has said in interviews , Sutherland was a tough guy to work with . Whedon reports saying that Sutherland insisted on changing his lines and constantly overstepped his boundaries as an actor repeatedly.Luke Perry plays Pike , Buffy 's love interest , and David Arquette also costars . Buffy , of course , is played by Kristy Swanson . I actually felt she did well . A lot of people compare her to Sarah Michelle Gellar , and I have to say it 's really not fair . The original story called for the typical valley girl , and Kristy definitely delivered that performance . Buffy was basically Cordelia , and even in the TV series , Buffy admits she was very similar to Cordelia . She was a cheerleader , May queen , and her greatest concern was matching the perfect outfit . Pre-Sunnydale , Buffy was in L.A. living it up as the reigning `` popular '' girl . So , the two performances really are n't comparable . In the series , Buffy grew up and matured . In the movie , Buffy 's biggest goal is to snag the prom queen title.Another reviewer called this movie `` Buffy Lite , '' and I could n't agree more . If you have n't seen the TV series , please do n't judge your opinions off this movie . The movie is a flawed , yet interesting , first attempt . There was too much intervention from the director , actors , and the studio in the making of this movie . Fox actually censored a lot of material , fearing the original concept was too `` scary '' for audiences -LRB- such as vampires turning into dust after being slayed -RRB- . It 's also much lighter , and perhaps too valley girl . Do n't pass up the series if you 're disappointed in the movie . Critics did n't hail the TV version the best series of the year for no reason.For those familiar with the series , you 'll see why Joss Whedon made a TV show . His beloved Buffy was delivered into theaters in a clown costume , and he wanted to redo it and do it right . The show is definitely stronger and caters to a wide range of audience appeal , not just teenagers . This movie , however , is very limited in appeal.Unless you 're a die hard Buffy fan and must have the first Buffy , rent this . It 's good for a few amusing moments , but lacks the punch of the series . If anything , it 's a good nostalgic look back into Buffy 's less mature days .
 the movie stunk the writer of both the movie and the show `` Joss Whedon '' has gotten alot better the movie is funny now and then but that all the good in it the only reason i saw the movie is becouse i 'm hooked on the show and trust me stick with the show
 In a poor excuse of a vampire comedy , Kristy Swanson stars as Buffy The Vampire Slayer . If you are a fan of the show , chances are that you wo n't like this movie . Although Swanson gives her best efforts to make a loveable vampire slayer , unfornately she does NOT deliver . However , her talent and her sweetness was delightful to every last drop . Her portrayal as Buffy , makes Buffy seem like a vapid , shallow cheerleader . -LRB- Kind of like Cordelia for those of you watch the show -RRB- For those of you who do n't watch the show , she 's sort of a Joan Crawford . -- and for those of you who do n't have a clue on who Joan Crawford is , then Swanson makes Buffy seem like Shannen Doherty . -LRB- full of herself , shallow , conceited and basically , the `` diva '' rep. -RRB- Nothing like the Buffy we all know and love today . To be frank , on the DVD 's special deleted scenes option , this whole movie should have the option of being deleted . For those of you who are thinking about maybe getting into Buffy the movie , you should know that Buffy is A WAY BETTER SHOW THAN IT IS A MOVIE . Even though the movie was made first , I think that you would be disappointed that the movie did not do the show justice .
 I love the TV series but the movie is just ... not good . The vampires are over-played and Buffy is just ... not good . Theres really nothing I can say . It was a really bad movie - I was disapointed but I did get a few good laughs after seeing how BAD it was . So rent it if you want to laugh at the badness but DONT buy it . You 'll be so disapointed you might just puke .
 The movie version of Buffy is NOTHING and I mean nothing like the tv series . Joss Whedon . . Buffy 's creator had little to do with the end product of the movie version . In an interview a few years back , he basically said he walked away from it . Apparently , Donald Sutherland was insufferable to work with and went about changing the movie and many of his lines . Joss Whedon does not have many nice things to say about Donald Sutherland after that experience . So , what you see in the movie was not Joss ' vision for what Buffy was supposed to be like . The TV show however , is .
 ... Perhaps if I had n't become addicted to the far superior television series before I saw it , I might have given it the benefit of the doubt , chalking it up to yet another inferior fluff movie . However , because I had the knowledge beforehand that both Kuzui and Whedon could do much better , I was disgusted by this atrocious effort at comedy . ... . Yet , I supposed something good came out of the movie - the role of Buffy Anne Summers . Once matured and smoothed around the edges , the character was a gift to talented actress Sarah Michelle Gellar , shooting her to the level of fame she deserves . Also , it introduced us to the excellent James Marsters , who in my opinion is severely underrated . ...
 Because of this stupid movie I almost missed out on the wonderfully superior TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , I am really disgusted that this movie is even slightly associated with the TV series , I HATED THIS MOVIE ! H A T E D I T ! ! Why do I hate it so much , lets see , its suppose to be funny , its not , its supposed to have a fang kicking bimbo slayer , it did and I wish she got staked instead ! its supposed to have decent FX , it doesnt , the Vamps are supposed to be cool with cutting dry wit , not even close , try buffoons with plastic shaped things in there gob ! the fight scenes are supposed to be well executed and exciting , instead we got a great big yawn session.Pretend that this movie doesnt exsist , that it was never made , concentrate instead on the TV series , and on Sarah Michelle Gellar -LRB- the true Buffy -RRB- , pretend that she makes a Movie . that this poor excuse could have been!DO NOT GET , WATCH , BORROW , OR SEE THIS MOVIE ! complete and utter trash ! only good thing about it is the name , which would be further soiled if anyone sees it after reading my review . So be warned , watch at your own risk !
 A few days ago , I watched this movie . When I first watched it , I was so bored I was about to jump in the pictures and slay Kristy Swanson myself with a stake . Whatever happened to this movie ? It had a good beginning , but it dozed off ... Sarah does A LOT , A LOT , A LOT , A LOT , A LOT better than this movie . Hope the REMAKE -LRB- that 's right , the remake -RRB- will be better than this piece of trash .
 I first saw this movie when I was 10 or so at a birthday party and loved it ! Now 5 years later I went out and bought it , since it was on sale -LRB- I would find out why later -RRB- and sat down with a couple of friends and got ready for some fun . Well the first thing we both saw was how horrible the dialouge was , the teenage ` slang ' is exaggerated as our their actions . Even worse were the jokes , due in part to Kristy Swansons acting . The filming did n't do much justice to it either and the vampires were the most humorous villans I 've ever seen.It only gets 2 stars because of the awesome show that would be made out of it later .
 The ` Buffy the Vampire Slayer ' movie starring Kristy Swanson is n't nearly as good as the T.V. series starring Sarah Michelle Geller as Buffy . The only really good thing about the movie is that the T.V. show came out of it . The make-up is only standard , really , compared to the series and I hated Buffy 's mom.I am so happy they got Kristine Sutherland to be Joyce in the show . I say , only watch the movie if you really feel like you have to . Otherwise , just stick with the T.V. series .
 No . The humour is pathetic . The acting is ... probably what their clueless director told them to do . Joss wrote it and everyone got it all wrong and butchered his idea.See the series.Forget this.It applies much the way Stars Wars fans treat the Phantom Menace.It 's a menace.And it 's a phantom ... it never existed . Right ?!
 A complete waste of time . Nothing funny or scary about this movie .
 I 've seen the movie in Italian , few years ago . It was nice and funny . Not much coherent , but ... who cares?I can not say I love this movie , but sometime I like watch it and some of the jokes are great !
 66
 This movie is a must have for any BTVS hardcore fan . If you 're not then do n't bother . This is the movie that started the greatest series on tv . And the creator of that show made this movie . However , being a huge disappointment to me , a huge buffy show fan , i only recommend buying this movie if you are totally devoted to the series . none of the actors in the movie are in the show . there is a whole new cast , but not creator and director , which is excellent , since the idea and direction were good , the acting and writing however , needs a little work . Pee Wee Herman stars and so does Luke Perry , which anyone can see is why the acting is bad . David Arquette also stars , also bad actor . Despite is badness , it is a great way to learn pre-series trivia and such .
 okay even thou i love the tv show I will try not to compare thenm to much.the movies was supposed to be silly and light . swason is all right as buffy all she is not the right age to play a 16 year old girl.i liked the donald sutherland as her watcher all he no giles . it was sad when he died . i cnat stand luke perry he is what keeps the from getting a higher review .
 I 've always enjoyed vampire movies and as a kid this one was my favorite . Though its cheesy , i still like it .
 i 'd like to say that this movie is n't so good ... it made me laugh but there are no horror scenes ... and the cast is n't allright.in fact buffy is n't so good as the one performed by sarah michelle gellar . luke perry is awful and the only thing i liked is cassandra 's death . watch it but i do n't think u 'll go buying it ...
 not so goodI bought it with the other one &#34; beware of Christain &#34; and is not a movie I would watch with me kids or teenagers
 If they would have done a lot less flip-flopping , and had been a little mature it could have been a great movie , but with all their antics I soon lost intrest .
 good afternoon , I reported that to date , I have not received any of the mercacia requesting THROUGH amazon , as you can see from the date you get three DVD of piramires of Egypt and there is nothing in my locker Pakmail miami , if you can find out what has happened to that mercacia I thank the , , , sr carefully . diego gutierrez
 Being a big fan of the Ballykissangel series , I own and have watched all the previous . And unfortunately each series has gotten progessively more disappointing with this one actually not watchable . Its slow , boring , and has officailly Jumped the Shark . I 'd pass this over and stick to the first three in the series .
 The first four seasons were great . Did not want the episodes to end.This one you cant wait for it yo end .
 This series was offered for a long time as a free stream to those with a Prime account . Now Amazon has pulled it off stream and is demanding $ 34 dollars to obtain the episodes . The price is ridiculous for a show that has been off the air for a decade .
 The first three seasons are wonderful ! However ... after season 3 they try and try ... and try ... to recapture the magic of the first three and never do .
 I did not enjoy season 5 anywhere near as much as I had the previous seasons . Donnal and Liam were becoming more and more annoying and they seemed to take up a larger part of each program . I also cringed every time Uncle Minto made an appearance . Where did they get him?I knew that many of the characters were just going to disappear without any kind of acknowledgement at the end of the season 5 and figured that it would best to stop watching at that point rather than be further disappointed with season 6 . I was wrong . Season 6 is wonderful and you just have to get through season 5 .
 I am a huge fan of David Caruso and looked forward to seeing this film - it seemed to offer something different and enjoyable - What a disappointment!Almost 90 % of the film seems to have been shot in the dark or half light making it very difficult to really see what is happening - I suppose it would be alright for a young person with 20/20 vision but it did n't suit me . I have put it in my pile of DVD 's to go to the charity shop !
 I have to say first and foremost that I love this movie and have loved it since the first time I saw it . The story is great , and it has everything I expect to see in a good John Woo movie . The performances by Leslie Chung , Chow Yun-Fat and Ti Lung are all great , and the action is stylish and exciting . This movie is a fantastic introduction for anyone who has n't seen a John Woo movie before that he himself wrote.But I give this DVD one star for the reason that on this DVD they completely ruin the movie by cheapening the moments which originally had no music by sticking in music from `` Forrest Gump '' and I 'm pretty sure during one action sequence they REPLACED original music with music from `` SPEED '' which I find in notoriously bad taste since the music is so distinctive when you hear it . The music ruined it for me and my friends who had n't seen this great movie before , but could n't help but laugh at the terrible music that fades in with disgustingly absurd music cues and random fade outs.Not only do they stick in random music , but they cut off the final song during the end credts which do n't exist in this version of the movie ! I wanted to see the name of the person -LRB- s -RRB- responsible for butchering this movie , but alas they felt it more fitting to cut straight to a screen saying who the DVD was authored by.The menus write the headers in English letters made to look like Chinese characters which is pretty absurd , and the movie logo looks ridiculous.However , the English language trailer gives a good sample of the absurdity of English dubbing , and what happens when you have badly written voice over for movie trailers .
 This DVD is defective . It has the wrong soundtrack not original to the movie . It is remixed from other American films . Do not buy it . Instead , write to Anchor Bay at questions@anchorbayentertainment.com to ask them to return the movie to its ORIGINAL soundtack .
 Okay ... so if you 're only interested in the movie , of course this is quintessential John Woo melodrama-action . Chow Yun Fat is the master of matches mouth moving and handgun hysterics . But the DVD is badly flawed . The subtitles are too big as the other review said , but they 're also late -LRB- show up after the dialogue -RRB- and inaccurate -LRB- its text from the original -RRB- * I 'm Chinese so I know -- I just turn it off * . In addition , the description is incorrect -- there 's no `` additional footage '' or `` behind the scenes stuff . '' Only the lightest production notes on the cast and crew -- stuff you could get from IMDB . Also the transfer is a bit faded and lacks real richness that DVD is suppose to provide . In addition , the annoying startup promo -LRB- which lasts over 3 minutes -RRB- before the actual menu starts ca n't be skipped . I had rated this as 3 stars , but changed it to 2 . I still love the movie , but feel a little jipped -- especially since I bought the entire trilogy . Where 's Criterion when you need them ?
 A wonderful movie overall , but the subtitles are terrible and distract from enjoyment of the film.The letters are too big , and often only four or five words are fitted per line , so an additional line of subtitles is necessary , taking up the bottom 25 to 30 % of the screen . Ca n't see the movie for the words ! The same holds true for the sequels.I 'd buy another copy if only they 'd fix this aweful production flaw.DON ' T BUY IT ! Wait for an improved edition ! Too high a cost for such a faulty product .
 Let me just say , I love this film . Now that that 's out of the way , let 's talk about this DVD.I had seen this film many times before buying it on disc , and I was very dissapointed by two things . One . They changed alot of the original music and replaced it with movie themes from , yes , Forrest Gump , Speed , and one or two I could n't recognize . This is unforgivable . Second . In an attempt to take advantage of DVD Dolby Digital sound , they 've remixed the gunfire to constantly come from the rear channels , which is both unrealistic and extremely dissorienting . As much as I love hearing a great stereo mix , this film was not meant to be heard this way , and this is a very sloppy attempt to create true stereo sound.The picture , on the other hand looks better than previously available , but I found myself having to turn my black level all the way down to make the picture look natural . It is very bright , to the point of washing out color.So the 2 stars is for this DVD presentation , not the film . A Better Tomorrow is the movie that launched a thousand two fisted gun battles , and caused every actor in Hollywood to secretly want to be Chow Yun Fat .
 First off , I would like to say that I love this movie . The movie is very dramatic , and full of action . This film revolutionized action movies , and lifted John Woo and Chow Yun Fat 's career to new heights . It also exsploded the heroic bloodshed genre up through the underground to the main stream . Perhaps without this movie to start it all , there would be no Killer or Hardboiled , ect . So the movie itself is not in question . With that being said this DVD is very disapointing . I am easy to please , to have this film on DVD is enough for me , BUT ... Anchor Bay or whoever changed the audio tracks on this film . At first this seemed like an ok idea , I actually liked how they did the beginning . But that is about it . Part of the greatness of this film is its soundtrack , the hypnotic , dramatic scores John Woo uses are sensational . When you change them , you change the feel of the entire movie . They took out crucial musical scores in certain scene 's and added them in ones where it was not needed . After watching this I was throughly disapointed instead of exilarated as I usaully am . -LRB- I 've viewed this movie about 25 times in the past . -RRB- Fortunatly , the changed audio is only on the cantonese lanuage version so the English dubbed version is the original . Being somewhat of a purist though , I hate the lack of realizm and feeling dubbed verions portray . I recently showed The Killer to my girlfriend in the English dubbed version -LRB- I was lazy and did n't feel like reading -RRB- and regreted that I did n't select the original launage with subtitles because it lacked the emphasis and power that the pure language brings . The picture quality is fine and the sound on this English version is good , the sound on the Cantonese version has ALSO BEEN CHANGED ! Why ? I have no idea , I was going to give this a 3 star but I am changing it to a 2 . I highly doubt that John Woo was for these changes , and the bottom line is that you can not change a masterpiece , that is like painting stick figures on one of Michaelangelo 's paintings . Avoid this DVD unless you like the English Version . Mark D rates this movie a 2 out of 5 on the hypeness meter .
 What can I say ? I love John Woo , and this is an incredible movie , but please do not buy this DVD . Buying this DVD will tell Anchorbay that what they did was forgivable , and it -LRB- I am referring to their God-awful remix of the soundtrack -RRB- is a travesty , a crime against mankind , and hell-worthy trespass . Words can not express the anger I have towards whoever thought that it would be a good idea to remix -LRB- if this is indeed a remix or just a gross oversight -RRB- this film 's soundtrack with music from Forrest Gump , Speed , and several other cute movies . Apparently they for saw this situation and planned for it by not including the credits on this DVD ! ... Be warned , and wait for a rerelease .
 BE ADVISED ! This DVD includes the improperly remixed soundtrack that replaces the music from the film with music from SPEED , FORREST GUMP , T2 , ALIENS and other films . Not only that , but all the sound effects are replaced and they sound WORSE!Ironically enough , the included English dubbed soundtrack is all original , so you can easily hear the difference.This release will likely be recalled and replaced , so AVOID until then and e-mail Anchor Bay at `` questions@anchorbayentertainment.com&quot; and ask that they do recall this and replace it with a version that has the original , unaltered mono soundtrack.Thankfully , the sequel is just fine , so go ahead and buy that DVD and enjoy .
 In case you did n't get the message from the last few reviews
 I bought this when it first came out . Up till then , it was only available as A
 This/these are beyond lame ! The new season is all about Earl in prison . No karma nonsense , just half baked episodes about ... prison ?!?! Thank god for Jason Lee or this would really blow !
 While the first two seasons were very successful , the third season is awful . THe idea of changing the format slightly is understandable and the creators were probably aftaid of getting in a rut . The problem is that the show was really very good . Until , at first Earls goes to prison , during which time he stops crossing things off his list and then he goes into a coma and it gets worse , a lot worse . Also , while previously the storylines were funny now the want to shock also slightly and the whole concept does not work anymore really .
 The season broke with the formula and ended up suffering for it ... but there are still some pretty good moments.Main complaint is the SHOCKING lack of special features on the DVD . NO COMMENTARIES = NOT WORTH IT . I 'd only buy it if you need to catch up on the series , if you 're a collector , or if you do n't care about special features .
 Karma intended for formulas and plots to be simple . My Name is Earl was never screened on television where I came from for a pretty good reason - the story-line was dumb , the themes confusing and too R-Rated and the episodes beginning to become too stale and painstakingly lengthy . You could sense that the writers were scrapping the bottom of the barrel when they dwelled on homosexual prisoners from rival gangs and prom night in prison . If you want to have good memories of what a great TV series this was , stay away from Season Three .
 Spoiler Alert
 I ahve purchased and rented many concert videos and DVDs over the years , and found the production values to be amateurish , at best.The photography on the concert itself was dark and drab , nowhere near the quality of Jars of Clay 's music videos . This was a modern recording , so why is it only in 224kbps 2.0 stereo ? What about a PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1 mix ? The 2.0 stereo sounded almost as if it was really 2.0 mono . `` ten : thirty '' was boring . A collection of home movies shot during recording with the band doing mostly nothing , edited with short commments by the band members.Also , could n't they have included some music videos from `` The Eleventh Hour '' as bonus material.If `` Jars Of Clay '' is reading this review , they might want to consider hiring an experienced crew to film , edit , and mix the concert , and an experienced DVD author for better navigation .
 I bought these movies for my grandkids and although they loved '' The Snowman '' we found `` The Red Balloon and White Mane '' very distrubing . They have n't wanted to watch it again . Dissappointed in these 2 movies . I can not recommend them .
 Not even a few meager glimpses of the brilliant architecture of Antonio Gaudi makes it worth watching this tedious , disconnected story . It is a waste of acting talent . I could not find any sympathy for a single character in this film . The description on the jacket made it sound very intriguing , but what a bore ! It is not worth the price of the rental , let alone the price of the VHS version .
 I had no idea what was going on in this movie . I know for sure I wish they would have shown more views of Gaudi artwork and buildings . However , they failed at that and showing other parts of the fantastic city I heard of but never saw . Lot of yelling , in this hard to watch movie if you like fighting however .
 It 's very interesting , in that the major roles , with one exception , are female . Having a female play a sex-changed male is unusual too . I would have enjoyed knowing why the translator was alienated from her mother . I did enjoy the movie . It was refreshing to have a mystery in which no one was in serious danger .
 Judy Davis is very good , but I lost interest in the story and the other characters about halfway through , but I did see the rest , thanks to Judy Davis . My wife and I both thought the whole thing was just so-so . Saw it on TV , and have now erased it .
 I bought this one because my cousin is in it , top-billed and the only American , no less . It was shot on location in Czechoslovakia and has a lot of Germans on both sides of the camera . There are a few nice shots of beautiful downtown Prague ; but otherwise it is indistinguishable from a hundred other `` mad-slasher '' -LRB- or , in Roger Ebert 's terminology , `` dead-teenager '' -RRB- movies.A bunch of students at the so-called `` International High School of Prague '' decide to spend the night after final exams at a huge swimming pool-spa complex -LRB- Aquapark Babylon Centrum in Liberec , CZ , according to the credits
 Man , this movie is bad . This is not even a guilty pleasure , a horror flick that can make you laugh due to extremely bad production . No , none of that . This is plain mean , some of the worst that movies can `` offer '' . In fact , it 's a mystery how such useless piece of celluloid managed to :1 -RRB- Obtain sponsorship and money to produce it ; 2 -RRB- Obtain a distributing deal ; 3 -RRB- Persuade actors to accept such stupid roles ; 4 -RRB- Manage to be released in DVD , instead of being sheleterd forever ;
 Music was great!Movie hard to sit thru!That 's all .
 Well nothing is new about this movie.Once you see the opening murder scene you know its going to be another SCREAM clone .
 Very lame `` scary '' teen movie . However , if you are a James McAvoy fan what the Heck . .
 The Pool is actually pretty decent considering the loads of bad movies these days . I guess this German made film learned from some other films mistakes . The movie is about a group of kids partying after High School Graduation and deicide on an upscale indoor pool which unknowingly lurks a killer . The plot is unoriginal but the atmosphere is nice and the waterslide scene is decent . I WOULD SUGGEST RENTING IT AT LEAST FOR A LAUGH !
 This movie is all too typical of the slasher film , and evidence that film makers in Germany/Czechoslovakia have no more creativity than our own American ilk . With copious accents , Heineken advertisements and the typical `` coming of age meets coming of death '' plot , plodding through THE POOL is an exercise in pleading.The movie starts with your typical SCREAM beginning
 The characters in this movie are just so annoying and many of them are terribly dubbed . TERRIBLY !! This is like a MENTOS commercial that turns into a slasher movie . The majority of the performers are obviously european and trying to act very American even with their silly dubbed voices . The effort to seem like randy college students is probably the most overdone and surreal try ever to grace any film . It is just ATROCIOUS !! The women are mean , the men are stupidly oversexed and they bop their heads up and down to rock music while drinking and driving and the like . Not that college students do n't act that way but in this film it really comes off and more or less like some of the character Lulu 's antics in John Waters ' POLYESTER . Like getting overexcited to the point of absurdity by the mere thought of liquor or ... . This movie wins the prize for leaving the viewer with absolutely no empathy for any of the characters until they start to get killed . If I knew any of these people , I would hate them and be very glad that they had passed on , to put it mildly.Somewhere along the way the characters become much less annoying and the way they are dispatched is definately some of the more original teen slasher deaths in memory . It does make too much use of the cutaway , meaning you get the idea but you do n't usually get to see any actual body penetration.The killer looks like a cross between the SCREAM ghost mask and the PUNISHER character from MARVEL comics.This movie is actually fun but you have to wait a good 50 minutes before you actually begin to just give up .
 I love slasher films and will forever love slasher films , but there are some that you want to remember a little more than others . My case in point `` sleepaway camp '' classic and gets better more times you watch it but `` the pool '' on the other hand of which this is true not the worst of the slasher genre but far from the best in the crop of so many horror titles having a mask wearing pyscho.The acting not all that bad but the plot drags so much you find yourself wanting to fast forward to when the good stuff starts.This feels like any movie you have seen a 100 times before it 's way to predictable and the character development is terrible even for a slasher film . It does have one memorable killing on the covered water slide but other then that not much going on here that has not been done to death and fails miserably!If this would have taken place at a public pool not even the lifeguard would have wanted to save this dud of a slasher !
 This is the typical B grade slasher pic that rips off Friday The 13th . It 's basicly putting Jason Voorhees -LRB- A guy in a mask with a machette knife -RRB- into a situation where he can slaughter a bunch of college grads who have broken into a rec centre for the graduation party.The acting is mostly terrible , the scares are stupid , the horror is not there , and the chill factor is in the minus 10 area . About the only kill in the movie that was any good was one of the kids coming down a water slide ... but it didnt show anything memorable for the effect to work to its maximum potentiol.Ya might wan na rent it to laugh at how bad it is , but otherwise , dont bother with it , you 're not missing anything special .
 Within the first 10 minutes the main characters reveal themselves as being so obnoxious that you find yourself thinking the only enjoyment you will get in this flick is that of watching them meet their fate . The horror component of this movie is so watered down and politically correct that it will only appeal to 12 y.o. viewers -LRB- people who can not legally watch it due to its rating -RRB- . I must confess that I enjoy a good B-grade horror movie , but this just does not deliver on any level . This one leaves me wishing for the horror movies of the 70s , where they took risks and were prepared to show something . In this case you sit through a teen soap opera and see very little by way of credible horror . OK , so I did watch the movie all the way through , but overall this is one of the worst horror flicks of recent times . Simply unredeemable and never worth watching again .
 If you already know the movies
 One of the most boring horrorflicks ever . All the actors are much too old and much too untalented . The plot is just a joke , the entire film is completely redundant .
 This video was so scratched it wouldnt even play in my dvd players I tried all 4 of them . I buy used videos all ther time and was very unhappy with the condition of this dvd . I ordered the pool from another vender . I did not return this dvd because the shipping was more than the dvd is worth a very unsatisfied customer
 I have fallen in love with `` New Tricks '' and ordered all available seasons . The # 1 season cost a fortune through an outside vendor and on Amazon Prime . I am an older lady who is hard of hearing . The last two discs said there were subtitles but they would n't work and I could n't hear the dialog . I sent it back and hope to someday get the # 1 season without the price gouging . I am surprised Amazon does business with a company that charges so outrageously . I should have ordered from one of the other vendors and now probably will . Amazon is my most favorite place to purchase almost everything .
 Whomever is writing these stories is like a Twinkie manufacturer that produces a lot of nutritional fluff that is slightly filling to start out with but just as you get to the heart of the confectionary you find they left out the filling - it 's just air . So these stories start out seemingly to fill you but when you get to the end , it just deflates like an empty Twinkie balloon . The writers do not know how to create a drama with a memorable , rather than forgettable finish . Each episode had a predictable , bland uncreative closure to it 's plot.Two stars only because the acting and character portrayal , even though unrealistically off-the-wall , ends up holding the stories together . In particular , the dialogue portion of the script was typical British sarcastically spot on . As an aside , I miss the secretary officer , PC Clark after this first year because he portrayed the only rational , sensible police official .
 I was up late and happened to catch this on Cinemax ... I was drawn in by the soft-core aspect , but suprised at the acting qualities of Kira Reed . . and the plot ! After watching it , I had to see when it was on again . . not scheduled , so I looked it up and bought it.This DVD is cut and censored HORRIBLY ! Huge chunks are missing , and I do NOT understand why . Even the case reads 93 minutes , the UNCENSORED time.I would recommend seeing this film on cable , but avoid purchase at all costs ... Why would they ruin the film ? Would have been a 4 .
 It is a horrible , horrible movie . I only got it because David Anders is in it , and it was not worth it at all . I do admit I was mesmerized by it ; it was like a bad car accident .
 This movie is not worth watching . I was honestly looking forward to it , and it was truly lacking in anything worthy of praise . The acting was awful . The writing was worse . The music consisted of one song , and it was a bad song . I watched this with several people and we were all left with the same impression that this was a poorly constructed movie . The only thing that is even slightly worthy of praise would be the premise . It does have an interesting premise , but unfortunately the story was not told in such a way that would make me recommend this movie .
 unfortuneately , that 's the best thing about this movie . The special effects are lame . The acting is subpar , some of which can be blamed on the director -LRB- very poor camera angles -RRB- . How people gave it a 5-star is beyond me . Must be friends and relatives of the cast . For a low-budget film , I might consider it a 2-star . But , I just had , had to bring down that 31/2 overall rating . Movies rated that highly should offer much , much more regardless of budget constraints . I 'm spending good money and want to be assured that when a film gets a decent review that it offers good entertainment in return . This one did not . Sometimes it 's best to listen to those 1 & 2 star reviewers . That was the case here .
 Like with this review , do n't waste your time . I give this a Negative 10 -LRB- -10 -RRB- on a scale of 1 to 10 , It must have taken a week to shoot the movie and about a thousand dollar budget . This movie reminded me of the `` Tela Tubbies . '' Graphics = F , Acting = F - , Story Line = C + , Would I watch again ? Hmmmmmm , NO . Do n't waste your time watching this movie unless your in dire need of a nap .
 That 's all this dvd was good for , toilet paper . Just a bad bad movie . I gave it a shot because it was new , and now I wish I had saved that shot for my head . Bad acting , bad plot , bad acting , bad special effects , bad audio dubbing , bad acting , bad characters , and did I mention bad acting?Save yourself the agony and pain of watching this and go drive a screwdriver through your hand instead , it will be more mentally stimulating I promise you .
 Worse movie ever . I wish I could think of any redeeming qualities but I ca n't . There was only one sympathetic character and his whiney attitude soon made me want to punch him in the face . I ended up punching myself in the face for even renting it.All of the other characters were so very unlikeable that I could n't care less what happened to them.The actual ` surge ' power source was cartoonish.I recommend passing this one by . I wish I would have .
 Alright , just about everyone who 's reviewed this movie has described the characters involved in the production and the special effects , but nobody has actually shed light on what the movie is about . Therefore , I 'll do the honors of bestowing that information to you . Reese , the main character , has just moved to a new town with his father and is trying to adjust to life in a school that seems bent on giving him hell in whatever way they possibly can . After being bullied by some jocks on the corner of street one day , a few kids ride by and offer him a lift . Afterwards , they venture to a secluded forest where they find a mystic lodestone with the ability to give powers to those who are able to levitate over it . Reese and the others do so , and after gaining their unique powers they decide to get the school back for all the wrong it 's done to them . However Ashley -LRB- who has the ability to control your mind -RRB- abuses her powers and in turn decides to go muy loco on the world with her gang of `` zombies '' who she 's gained control of . Reese and the others must now find a way to stop Ashley from her dastardly plans for taking over the world.Dang , and she would 've gotten away with it too if it were n't for those meddling kids ... I suppose the acting in this movie was average for a B movie . Though uninspiring and highly fictitious , the special effects do give this movie some credibility which is what helped give this trash its 2-Star rating . All in all this movie is a little long-witted and the ending can pretty much be predicted way before its conclusion . For those who 're in love with horrid low-budget films I 'd recommend this , but be warned
 I seem to be good at picking poor movies from the past . Oh well do n't know if you do n't try .
 would be more fun than watching this movie . To all who rated this a great movie ... Grrrrr ! I ca n't even begin to express the suckworthiness of this movie . The plot is used up and old . The characters are way out of synch , come on , mild mannered hippie chick finds some mindtoys to play with and next thing you know she transforms into an alpha personality with an Austin Powers wardrobe !?! What ? Special effects budget was $ 19.99 and that got them three flashlights and a free copy of photoshop . Acting was actually pretty good ... nah , it sucked . But there was an unexpected twist to the end and that would have been that I turned it off before the end . Ok , so this is my opinion and I reserve my right to it . All those who oppose my opinion are completely right as they have the freedom to there own . So do n't go trying to trash me cuz I think that this movie is better seen while asleep .
 This movie has awesome cover art . That is about it . The catering on the set may have been good too -LRB- unconfirmed -RRB- but nothing in the film was good . The story was weak . The actors were weak . They tried to make the main character look just like Brandon Lee in The Crow . The background music songs were cheesy knock-offs meant to sound like popular songs . For the most part I laughed at it . Bad . So very bad .
 This movie is one Big mistake . It 's at least twice as long as it should be -LRB- You just spend ten minutes listening two the opening music , before anything happens . I first thought it was some sort of mistake . When the story finally gets started you just wish you were back with the music . -RRB- The sentimentalism and the corny-ness of the plot defie all imagination . It reminds me of the Christmas tales my teachers used two read for a bunch of five-year olads and even then I was bored out of my skull . To enliven it the hero-villain relationship borders n the homsexual , but even that goes precisely nowhere.In the whole movie there are only two parts that bear watching
 The wimpy treatment of Jesus in this movie is disgusting and misleading . The treating him as a slacker and a dreamer borders on slanderous . Heston 's acting is wooden , the plot is slow and stiff and painful to the 21st Century Christian viewer .
 this movie is a pathetic attempt at a film . true films contain drunken revelers wondering where their money went when it is ridiculously obvious that no one has left the table the money was sitting on . apparently , during the cutaway , the scenes that are not currently onscreen are frozen . welcome to spring break has this scene , and i hope you will support it instead of this charleton heston garbage .
 i am just the only film , without everything else . a swindle , the bluray it is n't the price paid . very disappointed
 This is not so much a review of the movie itself , but of the quality of the DVD . After purchasing and receiving two Ben Hur DVDs via Amazon , and found both to be defective , I 've given up . I 'm purchasing this DVD from my local Best Buy store .
 This film is one of the greats . It is very disappointing that the disk must be flipped over , which takes time and is distracting .
 What has happened to the promised `` DIRECTED BY WILLIAM WYLER '' Documentary.Has anybody got a copy of this DVD including this film.It is still listed on Warner 's Ben Hur web-page .
 I 'm sure the movie was great but ... we did n't finish the movie ! You should allow more than 24 hours for a movie as long as this , we are new to Prime and were disappointed that we could n't finish the movie by breaking it up into several days .
 This must be one of the most boring movies ever . Personally I could bearly keep my eyes open . Instead of the movie keeping the pace , I kept it myself , with a little help of the fastforward button . Charlton Heston is at his most narsistic . The story is so sentimental , that it is almost worse than the book . The only things worth watching are the chariotrace and Stephen Boyd as Messala . The rest might as well not exist .
 I bought this movie as a gift for my parents . When I put the disc a great deception appear , the spanish audio include in the movie is only castilian , not latin . The collection is excellent , the movie is awesome , too bad that my wonderful surprise is worthless now .
 Ben-HurMOVIE EVENTUALLY FAILED TO BOOT ON SIDE A AT ALL . PREVIOUSLY IT FROZE AT NAVAL BATTLE SCENE . SIDE TWO ALSO FROZE AFTER FIRST SCENE . I SENT IT BACK WITH AN EXPLANATION BUT LATER DISCOVERED THAT DUMMIE ME FORGOT TO PUT THE DISK IN THE PACKAGE . I HEARD NOTHING FROM PERSON I BOUGHT IT FROM , BUT MUST ADMIT I WAS N'T SURPRISED SINCE I HAD FAILED TO INCLUDE THE DISK IN THE RETURN . AT THIS POINT I GAVE UP AND BOUGHT A NEW ONE AT BEST BUY FOR $ 19.99
 I ordered the Ben Hur DVD and it arrived with the middle piece broken that holds the DVD . So , the little broke off plastic pieces went to the buttom of the DVD and , of course , scratched it . For a classic movie like that for $ 30 it should be 4 DVD 's and have some writing on the top . I waitet for the intermission part to be over after about 11/2 hours , and the movie never came back on.So , big , big lemon DVD - do n't buy it !!!! Ben-Hur
 The DVD is not working . . it was fine through about 30 minutes of the MOVIE . The physical apperence was as perfect as any I have seen . BUT somehow the DVD skips 2 parts of the frames . i am trying to find the way to return and get a new one .
 William Wyler 's `` Ben-Hur '' has a storied history . Its production was the stuff of legend - years of preparation , an enormous budget for its time , and the talents of a famed director . The end result was eleven Academy Awards.Messala -LRB- Stephen Boyd -RRB- returns to Judea as the new tribune of the Roman province and meets with Judah Ben-Hur -LRB- Charlton Heston -RRB- , a boyhood friend who is now a wealthy member of the Jewish ruling class . The bond between the two men deteriorates after Ben-Hur refuses Messala 's request for help in restoring order to Judea . After his family is arrested and he himself is sent to the galleys , fate intervenes when Ben-Hur saves the life of Admiral Quintus Arrius -LRB- Jack Hawkins -RRB- . Arrius frees him from servitude and Ben-Hur soon returns home to settle matters with Messala and find his mother and sister . `` Ben-Hur '' is indeed a spectacle . This is epic filmmaking on the highest order . Every inch of the screen is filled with lush and vibrant images and Heston delivers a powerful performance that anchors the film . However , for all its grandeur , `` Ben Hur '' is also bloated and languid . It seems that the film is more concerned at times with showing off its impressive production design than telling a coherent story . The only time when `` Ben-Hur '' does come to energetic life is during the stunning chariot race sequence which deserves every accolade it has received over the years . However , this one sequence is not enough to save the film . The rest of the `` Ben-Hur '' is plagued with underdeveloped characters and a narrative filled with rough and awkward transitions . Most fatal is the final act which feels like it belongs in another film . Yet , it must be pointed out once more that Heston is spectacular . He has undeniable screen presence and he commands your attention every time he speaks . Too bad the other aspects of the film could not complement his tour-de-force performance .
 I was very disappointed with Ben-Hur . It just never grabbed me like I had thought it would . Many people talk of this movie as one of the great classic films but I just do not agree . I knew that I was not the only one having a hard time keeping mentally stimulated through this `` classic '' when three of the four people that were watching Ben-Hur with me were asleep at the same time.The rowing scene that eventually gives way to the sea warfar was definitely enjoyable and I think just about everyone is somewhat familiar with the chariot race . After that however , the movie is just slow and drawn out . The Story itself is actually pretty good and for the most part the acting was exellent , but there were a lot of things that could have been abbreviated.I can see why people might like this movie , but it just was not my style . I do not regret viewing it , I would actually recommend everyone to see it at least once due to the fact that it is regarded as a classic . After that however , I believe you 'll also have trouble sitting through this movie for another 3 hours and 32 minutes .
 I must start out that I have only been alive for some 20 years and have not have been privy to the evolution of movies . As an example , I was n't all that impressed with Citizen Kane when compared to modern day movies . However , I can see how it was a pivotal piece of work that laid the foundation for other movies . This is exactly the same way that I feel about Ben-Hur . While the cinematography and acting are spectacular , the over drama becomes heavy handed when it does n't advance the story . The whole romantic interest was thrown in to draw more people into the theaters . I feel that more time should have been focused on the actual plot . The movie ponders along and eventually comes back to the story in a lazy manner . If this movie were brought out today , then it would be seen as a valiant effort , but overproduced and bland . Overall , not bad , but not too good .
 I am a huge fan of David Caruso and looked forward to seeing this film - it seemed to offer something different and enjoyable - What a disappointment!Almost 90 % of the film seems to have been shot in the dark or half light making it very difficult to really see what is happening - I suppose it would be alright for a young person with 20/20 vision but it did n't suit me . I have put it in my pile of DVD 's to go to the charity shop !
 I received my cd of alan jackson and it does n't work . Tried to play in several cd players did n't work in any of them .
 this is a dvd , thought I could listen in my car . how can i return
 I NEVER RECIEVED MY ITEM . NO CONTACT WATSOEVER FROM SELLER THAT ITEM WAS UNAVAILABLE OR ANYTHING . I CONTACTED THEM ONCE BY E-MAIL AND RECEIVED NO RESPONSE . WILL NEVER USE THIS SELLER AGAIN . BEWARE
 You sent me a blank disc . Nothing on it . That 's the end of ordering from Amazon . It 's rated one star just to get this stupid review filed with Amazon .
 What was i expecting ? As the version of this DVD suggests `` SOFT-CORE '' - You can expect 5 different variations of girl-on-girl action.I , on the other hand , was expecting a little -LRB- not much . . just a little -RRB- more intelligent conversations between the women , more erotic , passion-filled sex scenes and put simply , a little of a storyline.What you get from this DVD are : - Totally dumb dialogues between the actresses.-Totally dumb sex scenes-An hour-long footage of 5 different `` OH-SO-AMATEUR '' executions -LRB- both acting/directing -RRB- - The DVD `` extra '' featured a blurry , sandy , `` i do n't know what the h *** you 're talking about '' featurette.-Puts gay women on the same frequency as dumb heterosexual men.It just so clearly shows ; the DVD was made for men who find lesbian sex -LRB- with dumb blondes -RRB- fascinating . Its a fantasy show for a short j *** off . I 'm gay and i find it utterly stupid and degrading to my orientation . Period . I 'm selling mine off and i ca n't wait to get rid of it .
 This is a terrible movie with a horrible plot ! Do n't waste your money on this movie like I did ! The soft porn scenes are horrible not hot ! There is like 1 or 2 hot girls but they ca n't act to save their life ! It 's more of a comedy , because you laugh at the horrible acting . I was highly dissapointed especially that I had wasted my money on something so corney ! Now I read the reviews before I purchase a movie and it has helped alot because I have n't bought a stupid movie since I started reading the reviews , and that 's why I am writing this review . I do n't even think guys would get off to this movie !
 This movie is awful . The sex scenes need a ton of help , as the women are awful `` lovers '' . In one scene , the girl who is receiving just lays on the bed and does n't move . You would see more movement from a blow up doll . It 's also pathetic how they tried to make some of these girls butch . It just does n't work . And , the most attractive girl in the entire movie is Shelby . If you want some real action , check out -LSB- ... -RSB- Do n't waste your money on this movie . It 's awful !
 Very poornot enough of the good old boyssorry I bought it !
 Has the BBC taken leave of its senses?It must have , since it has subordinated an excellent full-length film , `` Royal Scandal , '' narrated by Ian Richardson , and featuring such notable actors as Michael Kitchen , to a ghastly pseudo-biopic about Princess Margaret . `` Royal Scandal '' tells the true and tragic story of Princess Caroline of Brunswick , who had the misfortune to be married to the dissolute Prince Regent , who became George IV , and petitioned to divorce his wife . Thus the woman who would be Queen of England was forced to listen in person to her reputation being ruined in the House of Lords . Her husband was not even present . The film is fascinating , amusing , beautifully acted -LRB- with such a cast ! -RRB- and lovely to look at . The writers , who have used the actual words from the correspondence and court transcripts have created a cinematic gem , which surely deserved to be featured as first-run on a DVD ; however , the Beeb marketing geniuses doubtless thought it was not important enough to peddle to their former colonists.Instead , they have given us a trashy film based upon the exploitative tabloid headlines of a later age than the 1950s . The story begins with a fast reference to the romance between Princess Margaret and Group Captain Peter Townsend , without dwelling upon the pressures that were put upon her and how she was forced to renounce him publicly -LRB- She was very young . -RRB- . The director also had the bad judgment to have the actress read the princess 's words , rather than letting Margaret 's tragic voice , broadcast worldwide in 1955 , speak for itself . The movie then jumps to her life in the ` fast lane ' and her pursuit of Anthony Armstrong-Jones and subsequent unhappy marriage . Next we see a Margaret growing older and more dissipated as she turns to one disastrous affair after another . Ironically , as she ages , the makeup makes her look more like the actual older Princess Margaret . When we first meet her , however , she bears a strong resemblance to Mrs. Simpson ! -LRB- One only has to look at the early photographs and the portraits by Cecil Beaton to see how truely lovely Princess Margaret was in her youth ! -RRB- Since the writing is so superficial and motiveless , the actors , who are more than competent , have a thankless uphill task to perform . Not even Toby Stephens as Anthony Armstrong-Jones can save this train wreck!Buy this DVD for `` Royal Scandal '' and give the scandalous feature a miss !
 Thank goodness I got this as a gift and did n't waste any of my own money . I got about 20 minutes into it before I turned it off . Sorry to cast aspersions , but Princess Margaret was a beautiful woman when she was young , and Lucy Cohu is not ... IMHO ... easy on the eyes . She portrayed Margaret as shrill and sleazy with no redeeming qualities . I know Margaret was no saint , but it was so over the top . It almost changed my high opinion of Toby Stephens -LRB- who played Antony Armstrong-Jones -RRB- , who was so good in the BBC version of `` Jane Eyre '' for being involved in this train wreck . This just does not seem worthy of the BBC . Do yourself a favor , buy `` Jane Eyre '' instead .
 This movie is strictly a tabloid-level , cardboard portrayal full of innacuracies of a complex character and while it can boast a good performance by Lucy Cohu , I was disappointed throughout . Number 1
 If I were able to do so , I would not award this DVD any stars at all . Whether or not Princess Margaret was a spoilt termagant with an overly inflated view of her own importance , only her contemporaries would know for a fact but , she 's depicted as an absolute harpy in this DVD , a bossy , arrogant woman with a voracious sexual appetite who made the lives of those around her , miserable . Even if all of this is pure fiction , which I seriously doubt , the costuming for this movie was appalling ! Margaret was a frumpy , dowdy dresser but her clothes were made by top dressmakers and these costumes were so badly made , ill fitting and puckered at the seams , so that at times , the sheer awfulness of her clothes distracted me from the story ... but perhaps that was a blessing !
 Full-frontal nudity , awful dialogue , just so terrible words wo n't come to adequately describe the `` awfulness '' of this mess and then it just ... ends ... no `` ending '' ... it just ... ends , but sadly not soon enough .
 A more or less sequel to John Carpenter 's smashing take on vampires , Vampires
 This is a sequel to John Carpenter 's Vampires , a minor hit that saw director Carpenter return to form and break the cliches of vampire films . This is not bad and not good either , as they changed the whole film from its initial release . It did have a lot of nudity and gore and was kind of suspenseful , but this sequel just serves to put yet another American vampire film on the shelves . Check out the 1998 original Vampires by John Carpenter to get a good look at breaking the cliches .
 A poor plot and a very slow-moving story make this film a chore to watch.Rental only .
 This movie was described as terrifying . It was BORING !!!! In fact I wish I could give this movie a thumbs down instead of one star . This movie deserves a big fat ZERO rating.There was nothing terrifying about this movie at all . When a so called scary scene would happen it would get lame again . The movie stars Jon Bon Jovi as vampire hunter Derek Bliss . He is sent on assignment in Mexico to hunt and kill a quick moving vampire names Una . Una had some nice moves , but they did not last long enough . She would come at you quick , and get you with her sharp nails before sinking her teeth into you . He has to recruit other hunters and ends up with Zooey who may or may not be a blood sucker herself . Father Rodriqgo , Sancho , and Ray Collins -LRB- Darius McCrary from Family Matters -RRB- . Ray Collins is this gruff sounding -LRB- actually pathetic gruff sounding -RRB- vampire hunter . The voice was so bad , all I could do was laugh . Zooey take a medicine that helps her control her vampire urges , but when she loses the medicine Derek has to make a choice if she is worth saving . You get very little gore , terrible acting , and why folks think this movie is better then Vampires is a mystery . This is a horrible , horrible sequel , and it?s not better then Vampires !!! If you have nothing better to do , then watch this movie at your own risk . Better yet , rent some better Vampire movies . See Vampires , Blade , Blade 2 , From Dusk till Dawn , and the Lost Boys .
 Why in the world did Carpenter let himself get dragged down into this mess ? Jon Bon Jovi assembling a vampire hunting team of a 16-year old Mexican kid , the brother from Family Matters , a sorta-vampire on a anti-vampire drug -LRB- even though being a vampire means being dead , which medicine ca n't help -RRB- , and a priest whose acting was so wooden every time he lied his nose grew ? It 's just as bad as it sounds.A master vampire desires to exist in sunlight , and JBJ 's crew must stop that from happening . To do so they must eradicate all vampires in sight , protect a black cross , and keep their head above a tidal wave of campiness . Most of the acting is so nonchalant I could swear one of the actors fell asleep while delivering a line . Some decent gore here and there , but action is horrible and acting is worse.Just because Bon Jovi made a song called `` Shot Through the Heart '' does n't mean he should be `` acting '' in vampire movies . Avoid this like syphilis .
 There are very few movies that I have n't finished watching . This now goes on the short list . Luckily I did n't rent this one and instead was excited to see it on TiVo , that is until after 30 + minutes in I was hoping a vampire would kill me.This film while it has an R rating and there is a reason why , even the toned down TV version was extremely graphic , from pulling out someone 's tongue , watching a vampires head blow up and catch fire in the sun to blood spray . There is n't anything wrong with a good horror movie but graphic violence to fill time -LRB- so you do n't have to have actors say anything -RRB- seems a bit of a waste.The premise of a rag tag bunch of vampire hunters joining forces to defeat evil could have been a great movie . But , the low budget , director chosen and filming of this movie wo n't make it a classic on anyone 's list.In addition the movie was WAY OVERACTED . I do n't know if everyone was trying to make the film better or what but the overacting made it to the point that it made the acting look horrible . It got to the point I no longer cared who won a battle.As I said this is one of less than a dozen movies I have been looking forward to seeing that I could n't even finish.Gets 1 star cause I ca n't give it less .
 Why did they do this ? why did they make a direct to video sequel to a movie that made money?It screams for a big screen sequel that starts off where the original ended.not a flick that takes a simple premise and dumbs it down , and cant pull off the decent vampire body burns achieved in the original.The thing that was cool about the original was that the vampire slayers were meaner than the monsters they hunted.In this one they are weak and it becomes your average cheap vamp flick.not to mention carpenters good name wasted on the box.And whats with that awful wooden steak gun bon jovi uses , its sad.this vampire flick sucks .
 My Tivo has a sense of humor . I know this because Tivo will sometimes recommend movies with a straight face without sharing any of the relevant details , like `` you like vampire movies so you 'll like Vampires
 Definately not one of Carpenter 's -LRB- who I am not a huge fan of anyway -RRB- best ; it was written very lazily & directed -LRB- and acted -RRB- badly . Maybe it was the stupid/lame title , or maybe the boring plot . Either way , I did n't take much with me except the setting ... and Bon Jovi & Diego Luna 's prettiness . You know a movie is n't all that good when all that stands out are the looks of the main characters !
 This really is n't that bad ; it helps that the last twenty minutes of so are decently done . Beside the stupidity of having a spiritual condition -LRB- undeath -RRB- palliated by drugs , and the shredding of the mythology developed for the first movie -LRB- wood is n't special , it 's just that stakes are useful for dragging out folks into the sunlight , so the wooden shells should n't signify -RRB- , the general level of competence is pretty low.Jon Bon Jovi may have been a mediocre semi-entity of a rock-star , but as an actor ... he 's a mediocre semi-entity of a rock star . Ms Muriel Fouilland , who plays the master vampire , is good enough , and I believe is inspired-by/ripped-oiff -- from Anne Parillaud in `` Innocent Blood '' , but the dubbed-in wild-cat noises also taken from that movie detract from her appearances ... Natasha Wagner offers up as aggressive a piece of non-acting as I 've seen this side of high-school plays and pr0n.Diego Luna , who plays Sancho -LRB- `` The Kid '' -RRB- is the only one of the main players worth seeing again . With his exception , the less English a character speaks , the better the acting job ... a little reminiscent of the early Prof. Quatermass movies , in which a good English cast was saddled with a has-been American lead ...
 To begin with , John Carpenters ' original movie ` Vampires ' was no great shakes . Sure , it was an entertaining time-waster - but , from the guy who once gave us the sharp tension of ` Halloween ' to the gross delights of ` The Thing ' , the film displayed the director far from the top of his game . However in comparison , this cheap-looking and plodding sequel not only manages to make the original movie resemble something quite good , it also makes other recent vampire movies out there -LRB- ie , The Forsaken -RRB- seem a whole lot better in retrospect.The story -LRB- I use that term loosely -RRB- has slacker-ish vampire hunter Derek Bliss -LRB- played by a comatose Jon Bon Jovi -RRB- enlisted to track down a female vampire in Mexico . He bands together a team -LRB- hewever , he does n't like this as he usually works alone -RRB- , only to discover they have just been murdered by said vampire . Along the way he picks up Natasha Gregson Wagner , who has been bitten and is slowly transforming into a vampire as we meet her . She keeps her vampirism at bay however , by the use of a startling new drug which slows down the infection and is keeping her human . -LRB- Give you a slight plot hint . Guess what happens to her drug around two thirds through the movie ? -RRB- From then on its the usual desert roads , banal vampire attacks and boring character -LRB- un -RRB- development all the way until we are taken to the rather dull and frankly boring finale.Its a shame this movie was so bad . Director Tommy Lee Wallace has tackled the vampire genre before in the underrated ` Fright Night Part 2 ' , and proved he could move the action along fairly well . His other movies -LRB- Halloween 3 and IT -RRB- have all been decent enough productions to warrant that this endeavour may at least be a little entertaining . However , he seems to be preoccupied in presenting us with dull characterisations , uneven storytelling and lacklustre direction . The opening vampire attack -LRB- and subsequent payoff -RRB- are poorly handled and seem more at home in an episode of Buffy or Angel than in a movie of this kind . Jon Bon Jovi seems to be bored out of his mind throughout the movie , and the rest of the cast are playing their roles in the usual genre movie manner that we are all accustomed to . Only Natasha Gregson Wagner comes away from this movie looking any good -LRB- as she does from most of her other roles -RRB- , portraying the character with depth and charm.The cinematography is crisp and audio is sharp , which of a movie this recent that should be expected . Extras include an interesting commentary from Wallace -LRB- who informs us of the low budget he had to work with -RRB- and a the usual trailers , etc. . To sum up , if you are a fan of the original you may enjoy this one but probably not much . It feels tired and has a ` so-what ? ' attitude running through it which left me feeling grouchy and I quickly began to remind myself about the good old days when great vampire movies like ` Near Dark ' were actually trying to be something like entertaining and strange . Not dull and boring .
 I feel that this is one of those films that I feel is a part of the contemporary polarization . Vampires are either romantic teenagers or nearly mindless killing machines . It 's one extreme or the other . No one remembers balance anymore . I miss characters like Dracula who could be charming and occasionally sympathetic but still able to be predatory and vicious . Now that is an interesting vampire . I miss vampires like that.This was low budget , over-stuffed with action and bad special effects and ultimately disappointing .
 this movie was sad ! Jon ! you should stick to singing ! PLEASE ! your acting was and is horrible ! I take that back the 5 minutes you had in that submarine movie was pretty good . I 'm glad I only rented this and did n't buy it .
 A vampire movie is good if it does one of two things
 Not only does Bon Jovi leaves his supposedly reasonable acting chops at home with this one , but so does everyone else it seems . The acting and dialogue are seriously lame . A very poor `` sequel '' to John Carpenter 's bunker-busting original .
 i have never seen such a pointless movie . i mean what the hell were they thinking . the script was bad , no bad is an under statement , horrible script and even worse actors . the only good part of the is the lead vampire , i would have gave this movie 5 stars if she would have just ripped her shirt off like expected in every other horror movie but no they go and screw it up like everything else . and oh yeah the end was good to .
 Reviews of this movie usually start with `` do n't be fooled , this is not a Carpenter 's movie . `` I was n't fooled . Since Carpenter put his signature on Vampires and Ghosts of Mars , he could easily do that here as well because movie is equally stupid and infantile as these previous two . What makes these people do movies this foolish , one may ask . Well , the answer has to be money , and in Bon Jovi case some type of macho posturing.What are you going to see?Body builder impersonating dedicated handyman impersonating dedicated priest.An ugly frail women impersonating stronger than `` average '' vampire.American teenager impersonating Mexican teenager.Another frail , not ugly though , woman , impersonating victim.A black guy playing unusually stupid vampire `` hunter . `` And a bunch of statists that die in implied but not consumed action sequences.Anything new you have not seen before ? I guess that must be a surfboard weapon package . Anything new that you have not heard before ? With lines like `` I bet it will hurt you bad if I pull this trigger '' or something like that , there is nothing very smart here.I think that both Carpenter and Craven ... and their cohorts , should be demistified as `` classics . '' These guys are making movies for mediocre and subintelligent moviegoers , there is nothing remotely `` classic '' and worth viewing in their flicks .
 The reason I bought this movie is first the title and second I like Bon Jovi . I will buy anything with vampires and thought it would be interesting to see Bon Jovi in a horror movie . I was wrong the two do not go together . Silly premise , silly ending and less than stellar acting . If you are looking to be frightened , then this is not for you . If you like anything Vampires with Bon Jovi thrown in , you might want to keep this for your amusement .
 i did n't even see this movie and I know it sucks . All that I had to see was Bon Jovi and I threw the video to the ground as hard as i could muster at the video store where i was promptly kicked out . It was worth it though , it actually was offensive that such a thing could exist . The vampire genre could be so awesome and yet very few films live up to its potential . I guess it also lends itself to complete drivle such as `` Vampires - Los Muertos '' .
 Jon Bon Jovi should definitely stick to singing because he 's a horrible actor , but that does not even begin to describe how terrible `` Vampires - Los Muertos '' is ... as horrible of an actor as Jon Bon Jovi may be , `` Vampires-Los Muertos '' is an even worse movie . Vampires , that 's a laugh ... this movie has a terrible plot and the acting is even worse . The original `` Vampires '' sucked too , but this one is even worse folks ! Definitely one of the worst so called `` horror '' movies of all-time and that my friends is saying something !! Can you believe some people call this a horror movie ... well , you can imagine what I call it ... yes sir , I just call it rubbish and that 's being very kind .
 Dont waste the money on this stinker . Jon , stick to your day job of rocking teenage girls and middle-aged housewives . This is supposedly some sort of sequal to Carpenter 's `` Vampires '' which totally rocked , Los Muertes is nowhere near being in the same league . Obviously an excuse for Bon Jovi 's female fans to see Jon with his shirt off unfortunatly guys there are no gratutious female bod-shots for us to make this movie worth-while . Forget the fact that the plot jumps around so much that you give up trying to understand it and just pray that it somehow gets better before you fall asleep . Take some advice and rent it like I did . Especially if there is nothing else you would rather do than numb your mind .
 Jon Bon Jovi . Ok that sums up reasons to watch this movie . Now onto every reason not to ... it does n't follow hardly anything I 've ever known about Vampires , it lacks action in a major way , it is slow moving ... or maybe it just seems that way because you have to force yourself to stay awake through it . If you are a die hard Jon Bon Jovi fan , like myself , buy it , he looks great . If you want a good vampire more go get `` Interview with the Vampire '' , `` Queen of the Damned '' , or `` Blade '' and `` Blade 2 '' , those are vampire movies worth watching .
 What is this ? , the stupip , predictable and same vampire movie about a group of slayers chasing them and puttin ' them in the daylight ? , You have to be kidin ' . The male star is the popular singer Jon Bon Jovi -LRB- ` Pay it forward ' -RRB- , he 's a profesionall hunter.He 's hired to kill a vampire that is looking for some ritual weird thing.In his way he gets with Zoe , the beautiful Natasha Gregson Wagner -LRB- Two girls and a guy , Urban Leyend , Modern Vampires -RRB- . Then a priece , a black big tall guy and Sancho , a mexican tenn -LRB- Diego Luna , the kid from the mexican movie ` Y TU MAMA TAMBIEN ' . Toghether they must kill this female vampire , but what they do n't know is how long will Zoe be normal , because she had been beaten by one of the vampires.This movie uses the same thing that in the first John Carpenter 's Vampires , only that this one is cheaper and worser.Not worth seeing it at all.A non-clever piece of vampire bad film.Cast
 Nothing is more sad than to see a good story ruined . This is one of the worst films I 've ever seen . Incoherent and naive .
 The movie is widely considered a classic for Hong Kong action movies . Leslie Cheung is a fantastic actor , and I enjoyed Bridgitte Lin very much in Chungking Express . So , even though I do n't normally enjoy action movies and certainly not kung fu movies , I still decided to watch this movie . I was extremely disappointed . The cinematography is boring and poorly done . The plot is juvenile . It is the type of movie that would appeal to teenage boys . I hated the movie . However , I fully understand that many , many people love the movie and that it is one of the most important HK movies ever made .
 As a fan of HK and mainland Chinese film , both serious and otherwise , I was really looking forward to this movie . Unfortunately , it 's really quite bad . Overacted at every turn , with a truly horrible synth soundtrack , it feels like someone tried to make a `` C '' movie better by spending a ton of money on the production . It has all the class of `` The Scorpion King '' or the like -- shrieking cackles from the villains , soap-opera drama from the heroes , and an uneven , sloppy script . The fight scenes are good , but they 're overwhelmed by the melodramatic direction , as are the actors . This could have been so much better , but it 's really not worth the time out of your life to watch it .
 The story is good and the screenplay has the right idea , but the low-grade technical aspects are terrible . The considerations one must make for this is too much . The movie on this DVD is primitive stuff ! -LRB- too bad for South City -RRB- If Ronny Yu did it today with access to all the technical devices and support it would be worth the money .
 Not a good martial arts movie.Not a good Wuxia movie.Not a good romance movie.What is it good as?Not much besides extremely weird cinema.If your into extremely-weird , go for it.The plot and characters are ridiculousand they are realized poorly.The cover claims `` Erotic ! '' . I do n't think so , unless your idea of erotic isa male/female Siamese twinwith a bizarre psycho-sexual relationshipwith itself -LRB- `` themselves '' -RRB- and/or a man and a woman whom actas if sexual relations are a formof aggression.There is nothing erotic about it.The `` twin '' is a human-blood drinkingsorcerer / - ess and leader of an `` evil '' cult.An assassin for the evil cultis a woman , also a sorceress -LRB- witch -RRB- , who was raised by wolves.She flies around slicing people upwith her hair.She and the sensitive-guyleader-in-training of an associationof clans opposed to the evil cultare in `` love '' . I do n't want to spoil the restof the movie for you , I 'll let the movie do that.If you want to check out a good moviein the genre that this one wants to beincluded in , I recommend : Swordsman 2 -LRB- dir
 Tom of Finland is the sort of DVD you 'll like if you really like this sort of DVD . Part Gay porn -LRB- owing a debt to Kenneth Anger -RRB- and part documentary , Daddy and the Muscle Academy -LRB- Zeitgeist Films -RRB- runs a scant hour , just enough time to allow the audience to learn some things never before considered , and supply endless fodder for a certain type of cocktail party.Touko Laaksonen was a commercial artist who followed his dream -- and fetishes -- into a million-dollar business . Thanks to bootleggers and the nature of selling the business of sex , Laaksonen , as Tom of Finland , gathered a great deal of publicity but little money . His iconic gay drawings from the 50s ' body building magazines -LRB- not quite porno , not quite art -RRB- all the way to important commercial images of the pre-AIDS 80s , will be with us forever.Body building leather men grunting at each other in dark bars are pretty much a thing of the past and this film scrupulously investigates what is no more . Some archival shots directly related to the artist are interesting , but the recreation of the culture , all but destroyed by progress in gay liberation on the one side and the AIDS crises on the other , barely a decade before the making of the film , falls flat . -LRB- The film was completed shortly before Tom 's death in 1991 . -RRB- The artist talks about humanity , but other than a short sequence about his long time companion , the film comes off about as human as Metropolis , only with less humor.This is not to deny a muscle and leather worshipping subset of the gay and the straight community , nor in any way to denigrate the artist 's contributions , but the history of a closeted gay man finding wild success after declaring his sexuality is n't particularly new . And the accoutrements of leather , muscles and S&M ; toys are neither shocking nor particularly interesting today.If Tom and his men interest you , by all means rush out -LRB- or stride manfully forward -RRB- and pick up the DVD . If this does n't interest you , perhaps a musical or a Ross Hunter film will do .
 Bob Marley was the King . If you want to hear his music listen to his music ... by him . These people have talent but do n't need to show it doing bad versions of Bob 's songs . Go get the real thing ... If you got it all then listen to some new original music by `` Onyan Art '' ... ` Hurricane is coming ' .
 Now I 'm a HUUUGE Bob Marley fan , and I have all his works . I 'm also Jamaican and have a deep undertsanding and appreciation of Bob . I wished this release had only included Bob 's family , his children , The I threes 's , and the other Jamaican singers like Jimmy Cliff etc. . Because it angers me that people like lauren hill starts associating her self with Bob 's legacy , of which she has no part.Well of course Ziggy , and the rest of the Marley clan being as gracious as they are will not say anything . lauren hill can go find another famous roots celebrity to jock-ride . Go away . we dont like you ! Go do your little poetry thing over in ny . Go find a different artist to jock ride.For that reason i 'm giving this release 2 stars . Bob , Ziggy , Rita , Judy , Marcia and the rest of the Marley clan and Jimmy Cliff and the Jamaican singers all gets 5 stars however.Too bad hill had to force herself up into this production . it leaves one with a sour taste in their mouth .
 Music was great!Movie hard to sit thru!That 's all .
 Well nothing is new about this movie.Once you see the opening murder scene you know its going to be another SCREAM clone .
 Very lame `` scary '' teen movie . However , if you are a James McAvoy fan what the Heck . .
 The Pool is actually pretty decent considering the loads of bad movies these days . I guess this German made film learned from some other films mistakes . The movie is about a group of kids partying after High School Graduation and deicide on an upscale indoor pool which unknowingly lurks a killer . The plot is unoriginal but the atmosphere is nice and the waterslide scene is decent . I WOULD SUGGEST RENTING IT AT LEAST FOR A LAUGH !
 I bought this one because my cousin is in it , top-billed and the only American , no less . It was shot on location in Czechoslovakia and has a lot of Germans on both sides of the camera . There are a few nice shots of beautiful downtown Prague ; but otherwise it is indistinguishable from a hundred other `` mad-slasher '' -LRB- or , in Roger Ebert 's terminology , `` dead-teenager '' -RRB- movies.A bunch of students at the so-called `` International High School of Prague '' decide to spend the night after final exams at a huge swimming pool-spa complex -LRB- Aquapark Babylon Centrum in Liberec , CZ , according to the credits
 Man , this movie is bad . This is not even a guilty pleasure , a horror flick that can make you laugh due to extremely bad production . No , none of that . This is plain mean , some of the worst that movies can `` offer '' . In fact , it 's a mystery how such useless piece of celluloid managed to :1 -RRB- Obtain sponsorship and money to produce it ; 2 -RRB- Obtain a distributing deal ; 3 -RRB- Persuade actors to accept such stupid roles ; 4 -RRB- Manage to be released in DVD , instead of being sheleterd forever ;
 This movie is all too typical of the slasher film , and evidence that film makers in Germany/Czechoslovakia have no more creativity than our own American ilk . With copious accents , Heineken advertisements and the typical `` coming of age meets coming of death '' plot , plodding through THE POOL is an exercise in pleading.The movie starts with your typical SCREAM beginning
 The characters in this movie are just so annoying and many of them are terribly dubbed . TERRIBLY !! This is like a MENTOS commercial that turns into a slasher movie . The majority of the performers are obviously european and trying to act very American even with their silly dubbed voices . The effort to seem like randy college students is probably the most overdone and surreal try ever to grace any film . It is just ATROCIOUS !! The women are mean , the men are stupidly oversexed and they bop their heads up and down to rock music while drinking and driving and the like . Not that college students do n't act that way but in this film it really comes off and more or less like some of the character Lulu 's antics in John Waters ' POLYESTER . Like getting overexcited to the point of absurdity by the mere thought of liquor or ... . This movie wins the prize for leaving the viewer with absolutely no empathy for any of the characters until they start to get killed . If I knew any of these people , I would hate them and be very glad that they had passed on , to put it mildly.Somewhere along the way the characters become much less annoying and the way they are dispatched is definately some of the more original teen slasher deaths in memory . It does make too much use of the cutaway , meaning you get the idea but you do n't usually get to see any actual body penetration.The killer looks like a cross between the SCREAM ghost mask and the PUNISHER character from MARVEL comics.This movie is actually fun but you have to wait a good 50 minutes before you actually begin to just give up .
 I love slasher films and will forever love slasher films , but there are some that you want to remember a little more than others . My case in point `` sleepaway camp '' classic and gets better more times you watch it but `` the pool '' on the other hand of which this is true not the worst of the slasher genre but far from the best in the crop of so many horror titles having a mask wearing pyscho.The acting not all that bad but the plot drags so much you find yourself wanting to fast forward to when the good stuff starts.This feels like any movie you have seen a 100 times before it 's way to predictable and the character development is terrible even for a slasher film . It does have one memorable killing on the covered water slide but other then that not much going on here that has not been done to death and fails miserably!If this would have taken place at a public pool not even the lifeguard would have wanted to save this dud of a slasher !
 This is the typical B grade slasher pic that rips off Friday The 13th . It 's basicly putting Jason Voorhees -LRB- A guy in a mask with a machette knife -RRB- into a situation where he can slaughter a bunch of college grads who have broken into a rec centre for the graduation party.The acting is mostly terrible , the scares are stupid , the horror is not there , and the chill factor is in the minus 10 area . About the only kill in the movie that was any good was one of the kids coming down a water slide ... but it didnt show anything memorable for the effect to work to its maximum potentiol.Ya might wan na rent it to laugh at how bad it is , but otherwise , dont bother with it , you 're not missing anything special .
 Within the first 10 minutes the main characters reveal themselves as being so obnoxious that you find yourself thinking the only enjoyment you will get in this flick is that of watching them meet their fate . The horror component of this movie is so watered down and politically correct that it will only appeal to 12 y.o. viewers -LRB- people who can not legally watch it due to its rating -RRB- . I must confess that I enjoy a good B-grade horror movie , but this just does not deliver on any level . This one leaves me wishing for the horror movies of the 70s , where they took risks and were prepared to show something . In this case you sit through a teen soap opera and see very little by way of credible horror . OK , so I did watch the movie all the way through , but overall this is one of the worst horror flicks of recent times . Simply unredeemable and never worth watching again .
 If you already know the movies
 One of the most boring horrorflicks ever . All the actors are much too old and much too untalented . The plot is just a joke , the entire film is completely redundant .
 This video was so scratched it wouldnt even play in my dvd players I tried all 4 of them . I buy used videos all ther time and was very unhappy with the condition of this dvd . I ordered the pool from another vender . I did not return this dvd because the shipping was more than the dvd is worth a very unsatisfied customer
 What alternate universe did the makers of this film come from ? It does n't even deliver on the ick factor like Ilsa She Wolf of the S.S. did . It 's just plain embarrassing .
 Interesting only because it was made by Europe 's premier exploitation director , `` Kitty '' is tedious and has pretensions to being an expose of the Nazis . This film is nothing more than a forerunner of the Italian -LRB- ... -RRB- genre that flourished briefly in the 1970 's . As to the controversial and perverse elements - they are clumsily handled and pointless . You 'll find more -LRB- ... -RRB- readily available elsewhere and the horror of the Nazis is presented much more graphically and forcefully in movies by Speilberg and Polanski to name but two . If you 're interested in a more thoughtful attempt at controversy from Italian directors with better artistic credentials , you might try `` Seeds of Evil '' and Pasolini 's `` Salo
 Three years after writing and directing this film , Tinto Brass directed the infamous `` Caligula '' . While not as outrageous , `` Salon Kitty '' certainly does n't have much in mind except to titillate the viewer.There is plenty of nudity but very little in the way of plot . From what I gathered , Helmut Berger plays a German officer . He concocts a plan to place recording devices in the rooms of a brothel . He plans to use the information he gathers to blackmail other members of the Nazi regime.At two hours , this movie really drags . As to be expected , none of the characters are people that you would care about . There are several musical numbers interspersed with numerous brothel scenes . Much of the film appears rather dark and some of it has a reddish tinge to it . All around it 's a movie to avoid .
 Christ , this movie was so boring . I was n't even paying attention towards the end . How did it end , anyway ? Ah , it 's not important . Stick to the classics
 This movie takes the original idea of The Balcony directed in 1963 by Joseph Strick . Salon Kitty is not a erotic drama . Is a bad copy of a great movie .
 Overated and expensive , More a work of cinematic art and softcore porn than anything else , a rather weak one .
 Repulsive and disgusting is about all one could say about this film . Animal killings , violence , perversion , and garish exploitation of WWII are about all that can be found here . As UN-sexy a movie there ever was despite the way they try to package it . A colossal waste of time .
 Terrible movie . I was hoping for something with a plot . This was horrible . No plot and bad acting . Broke the DVD after 1 viewing mostly in FFwd .
 lots to be desired ... to much talk and not enough music . disc was fine.i really wished there was more of a flow with the cd .
 I wrote a huge review for this and do n't know where it is but let me give you the short version . They do n't continue the story , that is until the end of the movie . AND THAT WAS THE PART TRHAT RUINED THE MOVIE FOR ME . The movie is about this kid from the wudang sword school and he is going to get married . Enter the Bride . She of course does n't want anybody to be happy so ... The story is not really worth going over , it is just injected and there are no real emotions . Except of course for an ending that really PO'ed me . The only reason this movie gets a 2 stars and almost gets a 3 is for Christy Chung . Not only is she one of the most beautiful women on earth , she is a great actress . So I know of 2 movies now that are only worth watching for her , this and Red Wolf . It may be because the people she works with are so terrible , but to tell the truth , Christy Chung actually made me pop this dvd in for a second time . Not a big deal since it was only like a 77 minute long movie .
 Bride with the white hair had hardly any action and really disappointed me . I like the story line and everything and it 's pretty sad , but I wanted to see more fight scenes . Do n't get this movie is you are expecting action .
 Pretend this never happened . BWWH 1 was heaps better . This sequel is garbage ... do n't bother . For the record , I would rate Bride With White Hair 8.5 / 10
 The Bride with White Hair is a cool , strange , violent trip with lots of memorable moments that stay with you.The Bride with White Hair 2 is none of these things . This sequel barely shows the cast from the first movie , choosing instead to focus on a motley bunch of junior `` masters '' that use lame humor and laughable martial techniques to make their way through the silly plot.The sharp social commentary of the first film is non-existent here . There is some bizarre lesbian separatist warrior enclave that -- surprise , surprise -- hates men . There is a bunch of star-crossed and confusing romantic angles . There are very dated special effects.What a disappointment .
 The story line is direction is okay . Action sequences are good but not spectacular . Fast-paced and confusing at times . It took me 2-days to watch , since I fell asleep on it the first time .
 After having been stunned at how amazing and engrossing the Bride With White Hair was I was equally amazed at how bad and pathetic the sequel was . The fact that Ronny Yu did n't direct it should have tipped me off , but with the main stars of the first one starring in it I thought I 'd give it a chance . First off I made the mistake of renting the dubbed version . I do n't know if they took liberties with the dialogue in the translation but the lines spoken are pure drivel . The action sequences and the cinematography are like a bland made-for-tv knock off of the original and the story is boring . Leslie Cheung only makes a brief appearance at the end and I began fastforwarding towards the end before I was even half way through it . If you 've seen the first one , do n't rent or even consider buying this one , you wo n't be just dissapointed , you 'll be mad ! Watch Ronny Yu 's original masterpiece again instead .
 I rented this film immediatley after seeing the first Bride with White Hair hoping for a fluid and entrancing continuation of the story . There was a perfect setup for a sequel and I could n't wait to watch it unfold . After the first half an hour I knew that director Ronnie Yu had abandoned the feel of the first film and it seemed he did n't really give a damn about how interesting the story was . Poor dialogue , inadequate story , there was nothing satisfying or even interesting in this film . If you enjoyed the first BWWH you 'll probably still be tempted to watch this movie just make sure you rent it before buying .
 I purchased this DVD and was looking forward to ... I guote `` erotic , poetic , filled with romanticism '' There was very little interaction between Mehmet and Francesco . -LRB- two male stars -RRB- There was a very brief scene between them . If you 're going to purchase this movie for poetic romanticism it was n't there . The movie is very high quality as far as camera technique , and the scenery is excellent . The actors are all believable and well cast .
 I believe that European cinema has a unique culture of its own -LRB- which is very different from that of Hollywood -RRB- , and therefore , should be evaluated within the boundaries and aroma of that culture . Steam The Turkish Bath successfully conveys universal themes like love and eroticism in very subtle ways ; in fact , the messages are so dispersed in the atmosphere that you can not even notice their presence in the movie . This is just like a fine mist , or rather , steam in the air , trying to block your view , or worse yet , block your way of thinking about the plot.If you think that you can really `` see beyond '' the mist in the air , you might very well enjoy Steam The Turkish Bath . I would rather have a clear view of the sky , free of steam and fog , so that I get to enjoy a movie . The characters are too shallow to allow one to connect with . The language used in the movie changes back and forth between Italian and Turkish , with forced subtitles further blocking your view of the picture . Honestly , this movie is too far from being romantic , poetic or moving . Intoxicating ? Maybe . Mediocre ? Definitely !
 This movie is pointless . It 's not erotic . It 's not poetic . It 's not passionate . It 's not dimensional . It 's not dramatic . It 's just plain boring , and it does n't even look very good . Most of the film takes place in dark , dingy rooms . The lead actor -LRB- Vittoria Gassman 's son -RRB- is attractive , but not much in the talent department . Skip this movie .
 Beware of the blurbs for this film which advertise it to be `` erotic '' and `` mesmerizing '' - unless you find glimpes of pot bellied men sitting around a steam room erotic and mesmerizing . The story line is minimal , the characters are dull and uninteresting , and the cinematography is awful ! And if you are looking for a gay themed story line , forget it ! I saw the dvd of this film and the photography is so dark you can hardy distinguish facial features at times . Not recommended .
 The `` language '' shown on the Amazon description page for this film was/is English . Before ordering , I read many of the reviews here . There must be alot of Turkish speaking viewers who thought it quite normal to watch a film in an unusual foreign language -LRB- excepting language selections made by Mel Gibson -RRB- because that fact seems to have avoided any mention . My reason for this bizarre review is to get Amazon to change their listing and to make it known that ... THIS FILM IS NOT IN ENGLISH !!! Too bad too . It was probably wonderful .
 I 've read several reviews of this film and it sounds great , a happy , romantic movie that , according to Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times and the DVD packaging `` affirms that happiness is possible in this life . `` When I read one reviewer 's comment that the film was well received in Turkey a nagging question began to grow in my mind and should have warned me . How could an openly gay film be well received in an Islamic country where the official penalty for homosexuality is death?Now that I 've seen the movie , I know . There is nothing happy in it . Nothing romantic . And certainly nothing life affirming about it . It is a hate-filled message suitable for neo-nazis that tries to masquerade as a ` slice of life ' The message is clear ; it 's okay to kill people if they 're gay . Am I the only one who watched the whole movie , or did all the other reviewers walk out before the end.The video transfer to DVD is dismal ; I had to adjust my tv 's brightness and contrast to maximum to get a viewable picture and it was transferred cockeyed so that you have to tilt your head constantly to view the movie straight on . There needs to be a zero stars rating option here . What I would n't give for my money back and never to have been subjected to this trash .
 They botched the recipe on this movie , trying to tell a story about love -- several loves , in fact -- while omitting passion , longing , and fulfillment . It 's as unsatisfying as ... well , I 'd better not say just at the moment.I recommend you see `` HIS SECRET LIFE '' rather than `` Steam '' , which is a bad version of `` HSL '' . See `` Latter Days '' , `` Nico & Dani '' , `` Come Undone '' or `` Making Love '' , all very good movies , available from Amazon , and I 've reviewed them all on Amazon.If you watch `` Steam '' , you will feel like a four year old
 Steam 's cover delights in telling us that it 's a seductive film that `` affirms that happiness is possible in this life '' . Whoever reviewed the movie ca n't have seen what I watched . As other reviewers have said , there is nothing seductive about this movie , and how these dull uninterested characters can be life affirming escapes me . The DVD itself is dreadful , it looks as though it was transferred from an old VHS tape , complete with a tape crease or two . Avoid it at all costs .
 This dvd was listed `` like new '' and the movie froze one minute before the end . That is not like new to this viewer .
 I guess the only people who bothered to review this film loved it . I know I am not the only one who hated it , because other people have told me they hated it too.I could not wait to watch this video . I had heard so much about it . I was so excited . I was going to get to see the wonderful , funny , `` The Full Monty . '' Ten minutes into the film I knew I was in for a long , boring experience . I had a hard time understanding what the characters were saying . The story interested me not a bit . The only thing I thought WAS interesting was when the guys were practicing their strip tease . Unfortunately , it never lasted long enough . I was so relieved when this film was over . I felt like I had just gone through an endurance test . And before anyone tries to tell me I do n't understand the British `` sense of humor , '' my favorite book I had to read in college was written by a British man , and it was a funny book -LRB- The Complete Yes Minister -RRB- . I just did n't like `` The Full Monty . ''
 This comedy -LRB- so it 's called -RRB- became a big hit in 1997 and it seemed everyone loved it . However upon buying it on video I found it to be completely dull . Ok odd parts were funny , but it was ` nt the funniest film ever , and it 's beyond a joke to call it Britains best comedy . I ca n't see how Americans could like it because the characters talk in a northern accent .
 THE FULL MONTY is a movie buff 's test of credibility . It does n't have the suspense to carry on as a drama . If it is a comedy , the film is a one joker . It is predictable to the nth . Scene A
 price is too high , so if rank will drop then price will be less :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 Beats me how some people found this funny . I thought it was pathetic . Bad actors trying so hard to be funny . Did n't work for me I 'm afraid . Although I am English I hate British movies . They are all such cheap and nasty productions with bad actors and corny British accents . If you have a brain dont buy this film !
 A quite stunningly overrated film . Blazing Saddles , Airplane ! , Naked Gun and Clerks are all funny films . The Full Monty is just rubbish .
 Killer Nun -LRB- Giulio Berruti , 1978 -RRB- Oh , it is so much fun to discover those movies that bug stars did because they needed to pay the bills and that they wished for the rest of their careers they could disown . And Killer Nun actually manages to double your pleasure -- both La Dolce Vita 's Anita Ekberg and the great Alida Valli -LRB- The 3rd Man -RRB- show up in this turkey . I ca n't even begin to tell you how entertaining this movie is because of that . Which is good , because it 's the only reason this movie is entertaining.Ekberg stars as Sister Gerladine , a nun addicted to morphine who 's slowly going crazy . As you may be able to gather from the title if you 're really perceptive , her addiction , combined with her madness , leads her to some things I do n't think confession will do much about . Even better , she works at a hospital . It 's kind of like handing whiskey and car keys to teenage boys , as P. J. O'Rourke once said in an entirely different context . -LRB- Valli plays her mother superior . -RRB- There 's a lot of unrelated exploitation-style stuff going on to try and keep your interest when Gerladine is n't either shooting up or killing someone . In general , it does n't work , but A for effort.Worth seeing if you like watching stars drag their good names through the dust , but otherwise avoidable . *
 There 's nudity , nuns , and murder but none of this is adds up to be very titillating .
 I have been faithfully doing Basic Series 1 five to seven days a week for two months and like it very much . However , I thought I could use a little challenge so bought Basic Series 2 which in theory is just one step up from Basic Series 1 . Perhaps Series 2 should have been named Basic series 21/2 as the poses were quite a bit more complicated and many really challenge the knee -LRB- a big problem area for me -RRB- . Unlike Series 1 , I did not find it that easy to follow the directions and had to keep looking up out of my bend or whatever to see what the pose was supposed to look like . Series 2 is more of a workout than Series 1 and though the running time is listed as 58 minutes , only about 50 of those are spent doing active poses . The last 8 minutes the students are lying on their mats in corpse pose and breathing deeply while Ms. Ward sits and looks solemnly at the camera .
 I have been wanting to purchase this movie for a while.I kept hesitating to order it . Now i know why.The whole entire movie was a real drag . It 's what you wouldcall a low budget film . The casting , acting , and scenory was poor andit took place in one location the gym . Also `` Sticky Fingaz '' is thefirst one to die . This movie should be off the market . WACKKKKKKKKKK !!!
 Minus the music , this is `` School House Rock '' for urban youth in the new millenium . Today 's lesson , I mean the film 's lesson , is about the court process . As if students from low-income schools do n't have debate teams . The characters have a mock trial on a basketball court while their cousin lies in a bathroom shot
 However , I have n't been able to watch it yet . I bought both a new copy of the `` Enigma '' DVD and a used copy of the DVD . Neither DVD will load in my Toshiba SD-1700 DVD player . Please pay attention to the fine print that says , `` Some Region 1 DVDs may contain Regional Coding Enhancement -LRB- RCE -RRB- . Some , but not all , of our international customers have had problems playing these enhanced discs on what are called `` region-free '' DVD players . '' My experience suggests that the problem is more pervasive than that . My DVD player is a Region 1 player , and both copies of the DVD are Region 1 .
 The Bottom Line : A rather tepid thriller that wastes a quietly interesting performance by Kate Winslet , Enigma follows a bored Dougray Scott through a pedestrian series of events -- look elsewhere .
 A film trying to emulate the best of Hitchcock , does n't quite succeed . The plot does n't make 100 percent sense . A reasonbly ordinary man is caught up in great events . He is charged with solving two mysteries
 As noted in other reviews , the video quality of this dvd is horrible . Not to mention , the movie is a bit slow .
 Any movie in which the star spends his penultimate scene explaining what 's been happening , is in trouble . Humphrey Bogart managed it in `` The Maltese Falcon , '' but Dougray Scott is no Bogart . As a leading man he lacks just about everything . I caught this film on TV after the opening credits had rolled and did n't recognize Kate Winslet until her name showed up at the end . The plot comes at you from every point on the compass
 `` The thinking man 's thriller '' ? I failed to see this -- either I 'm not a `` thinking man '' , or the phrase is hogwash , for all I see in Enigma is a slow-moving , pretentious , loquacious film with very few thrilling moments and an interesting backdrop that 's rendered limp by bad direction and pacing.First let me get the good points over with . Dougray Scott , who was simply impotent as the lovesick schoolboy villain of M : I-2 , fares much better here as master codebreaker Tom Jericho . This role requires much less charm and power , and Scott 's strange face and nasal voice generally work well to convey the character 's zipped-up manners . The Tom Stoppard script , however , is an exercise in triviality . The backdrop of the Enigma machine and `` Shark '' code is infinitely fascinating , but Stoppard put it into the context of a cliched and vaguely developed romantic liaison which rings false and generates little emotional response . The infallible Saffron Burrows , as Claire , does well and oozes intelligence and sensuality as usual , but the script really gives her little room to move . Director Michael Apted 's attention-deficit editing renders the vital central relationship between Jericho and Claire unsympathetic by neglect ; the legions of poorly paced flashbacks simply distract from the emotional thrust of the characters , and the one scene between Jericho and Claire that 's supposed to move us -- the bedroom scene where she tries to take his notes -- rings completely false . So despite the best efforts of Scott and Burrows , Kate Winslet sashays in with a solid turn , downplaying her looks to play the mopey Hester with dogged charm and enough spunk to win us over.Apted , who had shown his incompetent hand with Nell -LRB- one of Jodie Foster 's most villified films -RRB- and The World Is Not Enough -LRB- the worst James Bond film since the mid - '80s -RRB- , once again deserves most of the blame . The aforementioned flashback madness is one thing ; Apted also has a tendency to fall in love with establishing shots , and to let scenes slow to a crawl . The excruciating first scene between Scott and Jeremy Northam -LRB- with the worst performance I 've ever seen him give -RRB- is simply unbearable . Enigma has one of the worst car chases I 've ever seen in a film , and most of the plot strands are so badly mashed together than the series of `` memory '' setups near the end is too little , too late . The film did n't keep me on board with the chain of detective work and plot developments , so the ending is a bust , especially its conclusions as to Claire 's character . In order for the ending to make sense , Claire should have been set up as the true enigma to begin with -- and Saffron Burrows would have been more than up to the task of dominating the story . Instead , she 's given so little time that we 're never invited to ask who she really is , what she 's like . So when she suddenly gains importance in the 11th hour , I simply shrugged it off.Enigma , to me , is too jealous of giving away vital information necessary for the audience to understand , rejoice in , and further explore its story developments . And given the quality of the cast and the freshness of the topic , its failure is all the more deplorable .
 I 'm getting seriously sick and tired of the portrayal of Poles in World War II . Too many people -LRB- such as Brits , Americans , etc -RRB- due to ignorance and misinformation see them as vile , stupid , lazy , anti-semites who had not done anything to contribute to the victory in WWII . All that is just plain nonsense and this movie is just another example of historical misinformation that portrays the British in as good a light as possible and at the same time diminishes the Polish contribution to the war extensively and even attempts to portray them as villains.FIRST , in numerous films and documentaries -LRB- INCLUDING THIS ONE -RRB- , it 's always shown the it was the British who were the ones who cracked the code , that it was the British who were the most responsible for this , THE POLISH ROLE IS ALWAYS considerably MARGINALIZED . Where as IN FACT , it was the POLES and Polish mathematicians who first cracked enigma back in the early 30s and who had been reading the German enigma all along during that decade . MARIAN REJEWSKI , JERZY ROZYCKI and HENRYK ZYGALSKI were the POLISH MATHEMATICIANS who had first succeeded to EVER break the Enigma code . Their work was later presented to the British and French in July of 1939 and that 's how the British first got started with the Enigma . They were n't the ones to initially crack it or break it , it was the Poles , and it was the Poles who presented the British with the foundation for later cracking the German codes when more and more rotors were introduced . BUT HARDLY ANYONE MENTIONS THAT . THAT 'S ONE BIG EXAMPLE OF BRITISH MISINFORMATION REGARDING THE POLES.SECOND , this movies suggests that it was a POLE -LRB- and not a real but a deliberately made-up FICTIONAL character at that ! -RRB- who worked at Bletchley Park that became a traitor . WHERE AS IN FACT , it was a REAL BRITISH citizen who actually worked there and was the traitor . His name was JOHN CAIRNCROSS and he spied for the USSR . ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF DELIBERATE BRITISH MISINFORMATION REGARDING THE POLES . ALSo , THERE WERE THE CAMBRIDGE 5 , the British spies who spied for RUSSIA since the early 30s up until the mid 50s . THEY CAUSED INCALCULABLE DAMAGE TO THE WEST AS A RESULT . -LRB- WHY COULD N'T THE TRAITOR HAVE BEEN BRITISH ??? To make it more realistic , or French , who were known to betray resistance fighters and allied pilots shut down over France -RRB- If you want to get a quick background on this READ THE ARTICLE ON WIKIPEDIA and scroll down to where it says CRITICISM -LSB- ... -RSB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- if any of you want a list of historical books on this subject so you can do further and more in-depth research then let me know -RRB- Not only did Poles fight in every campaign and on every front of the war IN ADDITION TO CRACKING THE ENIGMA CODE , but they also helped to save Britain During the BATTLE OF BRITAIN . The POLISH 303 KOSCIUSZKO SQUADRON shot down more airplanes in less time than ANY OTHER ALLIED UNIT in that battle . They captured MONTE CASSINO , they fought in Operation Market Garden , they fought in Berlin . THEY CREATED THE BIGGEST and BEST ORGANIZED resistance army in EUROPE at the time , the ARMIA KRAJOWA , or the HOME ARMY . THEY FOUGHT IN THE WARSAW UPRISING . STARVING , low on ammo , weapons , and manpower , they resisted the GERMANS FOR over 2 MONTHS ! . THUS I AM SERIOUSLY SICK AND TIRED OF THIS BLATANTLY INACCURATE , UNTRUE AND ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL PORTRAYAL OF POLES IN THAT CONFLICT . THIS MOVIE IS JUST ANOTHER BIG EXAMPLE OF THIS KIND OF RIDICULOUS PORTRAYAL . THE POLES WERE OUR FAITHFUL AND COURAGEOUS ALLIES FROM THE START , AND THEY DESERVE TO BE PORTRAYED AS SO !
 Perhaps if I 'd seen the movie without reading the book I may have found something to like in it . As it was , I had read and enjoyed the novel by Harris , so I expected the movie to match the vivid imagery of the book . I suppose Cinema 101 teaches novices that a movie should not try and mimic the printed word . But it behooves a director to immerse himself or herself in the mind of the writer , especially if the poor ... is a decent one like Harris.All the elements that Harris skilfully employs in his story - the cold , the grime , the fatigue , the hunger , the revolting food -LRB- whale meat ! -RRB- and the utter poverty of a war-torn country - these are totally absent in the movie . Everyone is fresh as a dewdrop , wears spotless clothes straight out of the laundry , and goes about in bright sunshine . In fact the movie starts out on the wrong foot - pigeons in London on a bright sunny day . Now I 'm sure the sun shines a fair bit on merry England , but what a poor comparison next to Harris writing about a blacked-out Cambridge in the winter of 1940 . I gave up after a half hour of hoping things 'd improve.The parallel with Forsyth 's `` Day of the Jackal '' is apt , where the movie just could not deliver the grip of the written word . On the other hand , another movie with a similar plot - `` In the Line of Fire '' was absolutely top-notch . Perhaps it is that movies made from good books can never satisfy the readers . Overall , I 'd say buy the paperback instead and do n't look back .
 This is one of those films that seems to have so much going for it . Great actors , an intriguing story on the video jacket , and that hint of mystery that threatens to suck us in . Be warned . Enigma fails to deliver at any level . With the exception of Jeremy Northam , the acting is mediocre at best . Jeremy at least manages to appear somewhat interested in the story . Kate Winslet 's performance is weak , her character weird and immensely unsympathetic . Rent this first . See if you can make it through the entire tired plot , stereotypical `` bad guys , '' and random acts of sex , before you commit to making it your own .
 Anyone interesting in buying this film on DVD , beware that the quality is absolutely atrocious . It 's so bad , I found it unwatchable , so my comment is not about the film per se , but the DVD . When I first started to play the DVD I thought I must have received a defective DVD , but upon searching the internet for DVD reviews of ENIGMA I found that the transfer is atrocious . It appears to have been transferred to DVD from a PAL format VHS tape . The picture is fuzzy , it shimmers , and small detail is just awful . The first 5 minutes started to give me eye strain so I had to stop watching .
 I guess this movie is supposed to be romantic and cute . Kate Winslet was cute with the glasses ? WWII code breaking is a fascinating subject and could have been interesting . Like the movie Pearl Harbor was turned into a soup opera and was awful so was this film . Of course the Polish code breaker becomes a traitor and gives the codes or code machine to the Germans because he is angry the Soviets slaughtered the Poles at Katyn . So the Polish guy helps the Germans ? For one thing the due credit was not given in this film to the Polish cryptanalysis on which subsequent British codebreaking was dependent for its successes . The film was financed by Mick Jagger and Lorne Michaels of SNL . Why ? Thanks Mick . The Poles laid the foundations for British success in cracking German codes and they get portrayed as traitors in silly soap opera movies like this . Yes it is fiction but unfortunately probly most of the world will learn about WWII code-breaking from this film .
 Watch `` Enigma '' to kill some time , but do n't hold on to the presentation as history . The real story of the Nazi code-breaking team and Alan Turing must be too controversial for a film . `` Enigma '' goes beyond taking creative license -- it rewrites history right down to the persona of the lead character . Consider it `` loosely inspired '' by the facts . A well done and well filmed piece of fiction nonetheless .
 Like the previous reviewer , this film has haunted me since first seeing it at a Sacramento drive-in during the late 60 's . But , not for the same reasons . The movie itself is interesting , but barely so . What is exceptional is the opening titles . A beautifully crafted montage showing the Monterey and Big Sur coastline while 's lush , haunting arrangements of `` The Shadow of Your Smile '' played in the background . WOW ! Variations of the title theme are interwoven throughout the movie , making it a a worthwhile experience .
 Episcopal priest Richard Burton , married to perfect clergyman 's wife Eva Marie Saint , falls in lust with `` free spirit '' single mother Elizabeth Taylor when a judge orders Taylor 's home-schooled son into the school where Burton serves as headmaster.Taylor is supposed to be a painter living in a `` shack '' overlooking the beach at Big Sur . It 's hard to know exactly when real estate prices skyrocketed there , but that `` shack '' would cost millions today . Taylor has an awfully big wardrobe and an awfully comfy lifestyle for an artist who does not appear to sell many paintings . Her makeup is garish . Her costumes are in hideous , lurid colors so obviously designed to de-emphasize her heaviness that they inadvertently draw attention to it . -LRB- Not that it 's necessarily a bad thing to have a romantic lead NOT be a size 4 . -RRB- Her line readings mostly are forced and unconvincing , making us long for the freshness and enthusiasm she brought to National Velvet , the casual grace of A Place in the Sun , or the fire of Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.Burton , so brilliant in films like 1984 , has his knickers in a twist here . His notorious charm is entirely absent . His big speech from his pulpit at the end , obviously meant to elicit tears -- Julie Andrews ' autobiography said he could in fact make audiences cry at will -- falls flat.Fascinating Eva Marie Saint -LRB- see North by Northwest -RRB- has little to do but act saintly and suffer with dignity.The campy fun comes from the dialogue , which is purple enough to give Taylor 's costumes a run for their money and swings from trite to goofy , the actors ' obvious struggle to find anything convincing to do with the dialogue , and the fact that every cliche about `` the bohemian lifestyle '' and the reaction of `` straight society '' to it is on display here . An authoritarian judge sends Taylor 's son to Burton 's school without bothering to examine whether he 's learning under her home tutoring , but then Saint discovers that Taylor has taught the child to read Chaucer in middle English -- ah , the mindlessly oppressive establishment . The `` bohemians '' romp around a campfire and Charles Bronson , ridiculous as a temperamental sculptor , uses Taylor as a nude -LRB- are we shocked ? shocked ! -RRB- model for a driftwood sculpture that looks like one of those things you stick on the prow of a ship -- ah , the joy and creativity of the free spirits . Burton veins pop as he struggles between `` morality '' and `` desire '' -- ah , the establishment figure yearning to break free from his shackles . The adulterers plot and execute rendezvous in various glamorous locations -- ah , the romance of it all . Does anyone ever wonder
 ok , now THIS one is dick & liz at their most self-indulgent . even `` boom '' -LRB- not yet released on dvd , alas -RRB- is a better movie , if only because it is sooooo bad . it is amazing to realize that right after this , arguably her worst performance , taylor went on to give her best in `` virginia wolff '' . i have given this a second star because the shorts about the making of the film -LRB- included on the dvd -RRB- are pretty interesting . only for dick & liz completists .
 When I come back in my next life , I 'm going to be a starving artist like Miss Taylor and live in a shack on the Pacific Ocean near Carmel . Quite possibly , this is the dumbest thing the two of them every starred in , with the exception of VIP 's
 The only thing in this film that has any merit is the exquisite cinematography , and musical score . So , if you 'd like to get an eyeful of Big Sur go ahead and watch this movie . However , if you are looking for acting talent , good script , and meaningful story skip it ! While some of the dialogue is n't so bad -LRB- it was a collaborative effort including the likes of Dalton Trumbo -RRB- coming out of Miss Taylor 's mouth it is pure drivel . The film seems like a too long SNL skit . It 's funny to think that Taylor and Burton were husband and wife at the time since there does n't seem to be much chemistry between their characters . I so much agree with a previous reviewer who stated that in their next life they would like to come back as Miss Taylor 's character and live in a beach house on Big Sur -LRB- talk about rich hippies -RRB- !
 The odd thing about Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor 's weakest films is the feeling that their personal lives of high drama and turmoil were far more interesting than any scene concocted for them.Burton looks torn and haunted with an intensity that rises above his role -- and his role is a preacher having an affair , so you ca n't get much more dramatic than that ! Taylor is stunning and passionate , but she looks like she has to work way too hard to worth all the trouble . Their personal lives sound so much more interesting and , after watching each scene in THE SANDPIPER , I kept wishing the camera would n't cut and just keep following them to wherever they went after their scenes.Other reviews have pointed out the other faults
 The enormity of Elizabeth Taylor 's breasts in this ridiculous 1965 sudser overshadows -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- even the grandeur of Big Sur captured nicely by Milton R. Krasner 's expert cinematography . She was at the height of her notoriety as a Hollywood star enflamed by the media for her highly publicized affair with and marriage to Richard Burton , who looks understandably embarrassed as her smitten co-star , probably the least of their big-screen couplings back in the 1960 's . Consider thatWho 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?was their next film . Taylor is hilariously miscast as beatnik artist Laura Reynolds , a free-spirited unwed , single mother to ten-year-old Danny . They live a solitary life in a striking , Architectural Digest-style home overlooking the rugged Pacific coast . How she can afford such prime real estate on just her paintings is one of many suspensions of belief the movie asks of the undemanding viewer.The threadbare plot , written by four screenwriters including the legendary Dalton Trumbo , has Danny being sent to a local Episcopal boarding school for killing a deer out of curiosity . The pompous headmaster is Dr. Edward Hewitt , who feels constantly cheapened by his glad-handing efforts to raise funds to maintain the school and build a new chapel . His repressed wife Claire teaches there , and in no time , Danny starts to enjoy school and the company of the other students . Meanwhile , Laura is initially resentful of Hewitt 's academic approach , but of course , given this is Taylor and Burton in their prime , they fall quickly into a torrid love affair . Of course , Hewitt grows guilty for his uncontrollable passion and confesses to his wife . This leads to a rather absurd but inevitable conclusion . The film 's director is surprisingly Vincente Minnelli who ca n't seem to do anything intelligent with the limp script handed to him and lets his two stars flail excessively onscreen . With her zaftig figure and designer outfits , Taylor simply looks disengaged , while Burton tries to inject some dignity to a basically unsympathetic character but to no avail.Poor Eva Marie Saint is left stranded by the script 's short-sighted treatment of Claire through her character 's frigidity and willing ignorance . Charles Bronson has a few silly scenes as a sarcastic bohemian sculptor , while Robert Webber has his standard role of a wealthy cad lusting after Laura . Morgan Mason plays Danny insipidly , though interestingly enough , he would grow up to become Reagan 's Chief of Protocol and marry Belinda Carlisle of the Go-Go 's . Much of the dialogue is painfully bad with a lot of counter-culture talk that sounds hopelessly pretentious out of Taylor 's mouth , yet for all its flaws , the film is utterly watchable as a trash wallow . The familiar Johnny Mandel song , `` The Shadow of Your Smile '' , comes from this movie and plays over the opening and end credits . The 2006 DVD contains two vintage featurettes
 I watch this every ten or fifteen years . The star of the movie is the Big Sur coastline and the way it is photographed . Great 60s color and soundtrack . Some of the worst acting and dialogue to be found , but it does n't really matter , and might even help . Soap operas are always bad , but seldom do you get such a dramatic setting . We expect dreadful acting from Bronson , even though we love him . -LRB- like Eastwood , much better silent and squinting -RRB- It 's hard to believe Taylor/Burton were ever considered competent actors the way they deliver lines , the awful lines themselves notwithstanding . Robert Webber is best here , turning in his usual reliable callous cad part . The beatniks are laughable . They might have taught Taylor how to hold a paintbrush to at least hint at some authenticity . I have never been a fan of her touted beauty , but think she looks best here , even with the extra weight . The conventions and institutions set against the 60s counterculture conscience of the film are quaint , but with each passing year elicit an increasingly warm and fuzzy glow that preserves the movie as an effective timepiece . A two-star effort worth the time !
 This DVD was an almost complete waste of money . All it contains in a bunch of self-congratulatory young chefs running around frantically around a studio kitchen , and then eating their own cooking and praising their own abilities . There is very little to be learned on these DVDs . The one good bit was the chef making risotto , and it was good only for its comic effect , as he ran around the counter from pot to pot to pot . I do n't think even an advanced chef has much to learn from this , and it 's a total waste for a beginner . Instead , spend your money on DVDs by Julia Child or Lidia Bastianich or Jacques Pepin , chefs who actually teach something .
 When purchasing any kind of cooking video/lesson , you anticipate that recipes will be included with the lesson ... There were no recipes included , and these cooking videos were extremely disappointing . As one of the other reviewers mentioned , the instructors are all very young chefs who are VERY fond of their cooking . I did not learn anything and was not happy that I purchased these videos .
 No measured recipes , odd pacing and the music was distracting as were the chef vinettes . I do NOT recommend this to anyone !
 I sat down to watch a what i thought was going to be a fascinating and enjoyable film . It turned out to be an over long disappointment which does n't seem to go anywhere in particular and soon becomes boring . I have now resigned this film to the trash can . If you are thinking of buying this film because of Jean Reno 's fine acting and humour , in films such as LEON and GODZILLA . Then do n't bother . Jean Reno is a favorite actor of mine but this film was a complete waste of time and talent .
 A long boring movie with an annoying ending . Some of the photography was good , and seemed to have more character than the characters.Avoid this movie at all costs !
 If you love this movie , then you should get the Director 's Cut , because there is lots more movie to love . I bought this for my husband who said it was one of his favorites from when he was younger , and when we watched it he could n't remember why he loved it so much other than the beautiful cinematography . I thought it was very `` French '' in that `` ooookkkaaay , what was the point ? '' kinda way . But what do I know , I 'm just a typical boorish American . ;o-RRB- Anyway , it was eternal and I 'd rather watch HD 's Sunrise Earth for three hours than watch this again .
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time but sadly I can not recommend this cut.Director 's cuts are usually either much better or much worse than it 's theatrical release sibling but this unfortunatly is the latter . The story is drawn out in a confusing and adolescent way and rather than enlightenment we find boredom . I found myself caring less and less about these people as this mess went on . The theatrical release moved quickly and clearly . I knew who these people were and what drove them . The director 's cut left me with none of this . I found the added scenes a distraction and rather than pushing the story forward they tended to digress from it not leaving you with any new information and subjecting you to more of the VERY BAD soundtrack!The music in the theatrical release was at least appropriate to the story . The theatrical release had soft , wave like earth music that wound you into the ensuing action unlike the Directors cut . The heavy synthesized jazz score that is plunked down here actually pulls you out of the film . The scenes become about the irritating 80 's jazz rather than the story line.Sadly , the entire directors cut smacks more of ego on Bessons ' part -LRB- refusing to see that the cuts/music in the theatrical release actually made it a better film , -RRB- and less of the wonderful story teller which he can be . I would love to see a Theatrical version as well on this disc and let the public decide .
 The original 119 minute version of The Big Blue featuring the superb soundtrack by Bill Conti is my favorite film of all time . After purchasing Bessons Director 's cut DVD -LRB- the only DVD version available -RRB- I found that it greatly slows the pace of the movie while adding very little story . The new accompanying musical score by Eric Sierra is bland and combined with the different ending , the feel of the original film is destroyed . I regret buying this DVD .
 The one star rating is directed more towards myself for not knowing that there are different format DVD 's and Blu-Rays configured for Regions A , B and C . If you purchase a Region B format it will not play here in the US or Canada for that matter . Yes I saw the &#34; Non USA Format info but thought it had to do with how it would appear on the screen not with playability . I 'm sure there are some out there reading this going &#34; what a moron &#34; ! Truth is I 'm more &#34; off &#34; than &#34; on &#34; in this case and chances are there are some out there who have done as I have done and just assumed this Region stuff was nothing to be concerned with . With that being said this is directed to anyone else out there to whom this might be news to . You can go online and find the info you need to make an informed purchase , especially if buying from an overseas vendor . There are players out there that are classified as universal units that should play any disc regardless of region but from some of the comments I 've read that is not always the case.Anyway , I 'm really disappointed that I ca n't share this wonderful movie with my diving friends here in Texas as the rights have yet to be released here . I think I can get a regular DVD in French with English Subtitles but some of my friends are still hooked into that old &#34; Freedom Fries &#34; boondoggle from a few years back so it probably would not be a good idea ... As for the movie itself , I saw it many years ago when living in Montreal -LRB- in French -RRB- and still have flashbacks of the wonderful imagery , superb sound track etc etc etc. . . As a side note I was offered a full refund , minus shipping , handling and a 20 % restocking fee but have decided to keep it and look into a universal player as my girlfriend and I are big fans of foreign films and we will undoubtedly run into this situation again.I was once told that if you learn something new you can go home ... so I am going to do that and perchance watch something on my new blu-ray , ... formatted for region A of course :-RRB- ... cheers !
 A friend and I saw this in the theater when it was released , and found that it compared favorably to Andy Warhol 's `` Empire '' for `` movie where absolutely nothing happens . '' The absurdity of `` free diving '' as a spectator sport is complemented by the surrealism of pianos on the beach , etc. . As we were walking home , my friend asked , `` What was the purpose of having Rosanna Arquette in the movie ? '' I coolly replied , `` Well , she 's the love interest . Without her the whole movie would just be about two guys holding their breath . '' That last line has been a running joke between us for 18 years .
 Already one of the most boring movies ever made , Luc Besson has added insult to injury by putting 50 more minutes of boredom into this agonizingly slow film . Rosanna Arquette 's giggly performance is the cinematic equivalent of fingernails on slate . Jean-Marc Barr delivers no performance whatsoever , just mugs for the camera with a lost look on his face . And Jean Reno plays his usual gravel-throated self . Predictably enough , this film has been artificially elevated to classic cult status by dreary film snobs who think a slow pace equals a deep and meaningful story . In this case , only the ocean is deep . The brain behind this film is shallower than a tidal pool .
 I do n't know why everyone loved this movie so much . Yes , the scenery was great but I found the dialogue and performances to be absolutely terrible ! I also have to agree with the reviewers who did not enjoy the music . Not having heard anything about this movie previous to watching I went in with an open mind and came out horrified -LRB- and bored -RRB- .
 Based on the positive reviews I read for this movie , I sent for it . Mistake , unless it 's been raining for ten days and you 've read all the books on your nightstand . This movie is pretentious and silly and has long dull stretches.Essentially it has two story lines . First is the friendly diving rivalry which begins when the protagonist , Jacques , and his lifetime rival , Enzo , grow up together in the same Greek village where Jacques ' father is a professional diver . The movie chronicles the on-going rivalry between Enzo , who is older , prouder , more flamboyant , more verbal , and more sophisticated than Jacques , who is borderline socially retarded and embarrassingly -LRB- and unbelievably -RRB- naive for someone his age . Jacques ' primary relationships are with dolphins . He understands them ; they understand him . This is a simple unit
 This is a textbook perfect example of the importance of editing and music score in film as an art form . If this is Luc Bessards idea of what `` Big Blue '' should look like , then it 's time he left hollywood ... -LRB- especially after the `` Messenger '' fiasco ! -RRB- . Mr Samuel Meyer , can we please have a 4.3 version of the original professionally edited film , this time without the cheesy ` porn flik style score ? ... tell me , would you rescore madam butterfly for the `` new generation '' ??
 What a preposterous pseudo-intellectual exercise in masturbatory quasi homoerotic Jacques Cousteau fantasy fair . Most of the idiots that believe this is a good movie probably wo n't understand any of what I just wrote . Does anybody really , I mean REALLY think this is a good movie ? Worthy of 5 stars ? Are you all mentally deranged ? Man plus Dolphin plus Rosanna Arquette plus the French language equals A WASTE OF LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can I have the two and a half hours I spent watching this celluloid sleep aide back or shall I regret hearing of this movie until the day I die ? This movie may have been slightly bearable had Rosanna Arquette been replaced with her sister -LRB- the one that 's in that T.V. pap-loid called Medium -RRB- , provided that she spent most of the film in the nude . The `` best movie I 've ever seen ? '' Are you kidding me ? Is your life THAT insipid ? If you dream of floating in a weightless ocean of bliss while dolphins prance about you to the strains of the latest Enya CD then this movie IS `` the best movie ever made '' . But frankly , I prefer to have a plate of escargo and cheese while watching Solaris -LRB- the original 6 hour Soviet answer to Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 - A Space Oddysey -RRB- . At least that 's what I think . May Allah Bless You .
 This movie is baaaaaad but loooooooooooooong ... Talk about a Giant Sucking Sound!Sure , it 's got beautiful scenery and lush cinematography , plus two very likable stars -LRB- three , if you count Griffin Dunne doing a bit role -RRB- . But that does n't ammount to much when the movie lacks a credible screenplay , and what poses as such is full of unnerving clich&eacute;s and stereotypes that sink the entire thing deeper than the main character on a quest for the Titanic!Rossanna Arquette plays the dopey American blonde in love with the ultimate `` cold fish '' , a dreamy French American effete whose only desire in life is to become a dolphin and swim away for all eternity -LRB- eventually he does , thank God , but you 'll have to spend a great deal of yours to get to that particular scene -RRB- . Jean Reno plays the -LRB- stereo -RRB- typical Italian bachelor -LRB- obnoxious mother in black included -RRB- in a `` boastful performance '' most humble moviegoers would describe as plain overacting . Even Dunne is given lousy lines the few seconds he 's in - something like `` You deliberately lied to me , embezzled the company 's money , and should go to jail this very instant if I 'm not to lose my own job as well . But never mind all that ; tell me
 In the 1980 's , I had seen the `` original '' American cut of this film , and I immediately fell in love with it . This film is one of my all time favorites . It captured my soul with its deep rich colors , flowing score , incredible characters and passionate story line . Everything seemed to work together in perfect harmony.I was elated to hear that it was finally being released on DVD . When I finally got a chance to watch the Director 's Cut , I was very disappointed . The colors did n't seem as brilliant . Conti 's score was replaced by Eric Serra 's , which completely altered the movie 's overall feel . There also appeared to be several clumsy voice-overs in the beginning of this version . The extra 49 minutes of additional footage does n't contribute greatly to the base story line , and was appropriately cut from the American version.I 'm sorry , but this is not the version of the film that I fell in love with , and it is not one I 'll watch again . I can only hope that the `` original '' American version will make it to DVD .
 This is one of my favorite movies , but the director 's cut is a definite pass . Those interested in an offbeat , strange but good movie should find the original theatrical version and skip this one . The theatrical version is n't a comedy , a romance , or anything that could categorized , but it was whimsical , quiet , full of tiny character details sharply etched . The film score by Bill Conti accented that whimsy and surrealism . In the director 's cut , the film score by Eric Serra makes the movie nearly unwatchable . The 49 extra minutes shows that Besson had intended a straight melodrama , which does n't work . The extra footage spoils the timing of key scenes and introduces unnecessary characters & subplots . Not a single minute of the extra footage adds anything to the original movie .
 I bought the Korean dub because I was under the impression it had the original 1988 US theatrical release music score by Bill Conti - nada . This version contains the same music score by Eric Serra that is on all the rereleased directors cut versions of the film . If you ever get a chance to see the original US release which was shortened and given a new musical score you will be delighted at the results . There is a reason they decided to do this ; because in America we know how to make movies . The directors cut is awful - it distorts the character development and the musical score by Eric Serra is dreadful . It 's worth mentioning that the video quality is prettty poor also . Total waste of money
 Luc and Theatrical Company - Please give us Americans who adored the English theatrical release with Bill Conte 's haunting and beautiful music a break . I showed this film to all my marine bio students for years on VHS and laser disc ... . we would swim to the abyss for this version on DVD ... please do it for us and the dolphin in all of us !
 I did n't notice the import when I ordered this item , it 's factory made and is poor quality.The Big Blue
 I too , like many , loved the original soundtrack -LRB- Bill Conti -RRB- I recently purchased the DVD with great anticipation and was sadly disappointed . I was unaware that there were two different soundtracks . I found the Eric Serra score to be intrusive and overbearing . I own two of the VHS with the original score and I suppose I will have to get a VHS player again so I can enjoy this wonderful movie . Please reconsider before purchasing a DVD version of this film . If you loved the movie when it was released you will probably not enjoy the DVD edition .
 quality of the actual CD is poor and it 's hard to watch the whole movie without skipping passage ...
 I am sorry to say that the Director 's Cut of The Big Blue was very disappointing , sonically that is . I bought the movie on DVD to enjoy the marvelous Luc Besson masterpiece and later realized that all the music was changed . A different score was apparently written and used in this version . I loved the music from the original , which Eric Serra originally composed . I would like to know if you can buy the DVD with the original soundtrack , otherwise I am returning my DVD and finding an old VHS . I 'd like to see the new DVD include the original score . Great movie , its too bad the musical score was changed .
 I absolutely love this movie . However , I am American and I probably fell in love with it more because of the music than the actual movie -LRB- though I do love the movie also -RRB- . Luc Besson did an excellent job . I am glad he changed the music from Eric Serra to Bill Conti for the American version . It would however , have been nice to see the full length with the Bill Conti music . I have heard both soundtracks and in my mind , Bill Conti created the only music for this film . I wo n't be buying the DVD since it contains the Eric Serra soundtrack but I finally found the American version on VHS -LRB- out of print now -RRB- .
 Like many others who discovered this well overlooked film many years ago , I was greatly disappointed in the Director 's Cut . For starters , the US Version 's Music Score surpasses the European Score by leapyears and this Director 's Cut uses that cheesy synthesizery European Score . :--LRB- Secondly , the additional footage simply adds a little more pointless skin in the form of nudity , but adds little or nothing to the overall story except about 50 minutes of your time . It feels like it 's dragging compared to the original US Version and often gives you more information than you wanted - sometimes it 's best to not tell the audience everything and let them fill in the blanks themselves . The original US Version is one of my favorite films of all times , but this updated Director 's Version does n't make my cut because the extra stuff is pointless and long and the European Soundtrack is horrible !!!
 And the only reason it got ONE star was because of the amazing photography and the amazing score . While I am usually a big believer in letting the artist express the story he wants to tell , this `` director 's cut '' completely destroys a wonderfully simple film . As much as I love the additional underwater footage , you do n't need to spell out every last beat in this story . The key to the film is the relationship with Jacque and the ocean - everything else is used show how important that is . Rosanna Arquette 's part was raised from a supporting cast member to a starting role - WHO CARES ABOUT HER ?!?! Nobody . As much as I have loved many of Luc 's films , please be wary of the director 's cut of this one . Bigger is NOT definately better . There 's a reason that editors are hired on films - to cut the film down to what it needs to be . This version is a perfect example of how a `` director 's cut '' can ruin a film
 If I had n't rented this movie myself , I would have thought I was watching a late-night , made-for-TV movie on USA Network . The main characters are all played by has-been TV actors , none of whom really did much to enhance their parts . Maybe it was just the terrible dialogue . Judd Nelson had better lines in `` Suddenly Susan '' , which says something about how terrible this movie was . Normally , I would have said that 90 minutes was not long enough to develop the plot and let the audience get to know the characters , but in this case , I just kept looking at the clock to see how much sleep I was losing.For a movie about a ship , you 'd think they 'd actually have real shots of a ship . Instead , it appears that they took footage from a video game . Even the helicopter that transported the characters to the ship was fake . And the scene inside the Chinook helicopter was very inaccurate . There is no way the characters could have heard each other over the roar of 2 rotor engines . They should have had headphones on . And the special effects of the Bermuda triangle and the ghosts in the final scene were not gripping at all . In fact , there was no suspense in this movie.It is easy to see why this movie went straight to video . Save your money and go see `` Ghost Ship '' instead . Oh , by the way , there are no special features on the DVD and if you want captions , the only choice is Spanish .
 I spent most of this movie asking why this ship was n't moving in heavy seas.Then I spent a few minutes yelling at it.Highly predictable `` boo '' factor here.Telegraphed from the off.I happen to like mindless entertainment late at night.Sometimes I just watch a stoopid movie.Ten Little Indians did it better .
 Ok , I had high hopes for this flick , but I was very let down . Judd Nelson is pathetically unbelievable . His acting is horrible compared to his performance in `` Breakfast Club '' , which says a lot . Lance Henrikson does a fair job , and his character is somewhat convincing , but any role the man portrays screams `` Millennium '' -LRB- former TV show -RRB- . The DVD itself has no special features that would set it apart from a VHS copy , save the digital audio track . The only reason to watch this movie to show your friends that , although `` Freddy Got Fingered '' really is the worst movie ever , you 've found a serious contender for a 2nd place finishing .
 I must say I 'm glad I did n't pay much for this . As a fan of Judd Nelson 's work I took a chance and have regretted it ever since . -LRB- Though probably not as much as Nelson -RRB- Not even Judd could save this wreck of a movie . The special effects are the ONLY thing going for it and even they were n't all that special . The acting is pathetic and the writing is even worse . Oh , and did I mention the story ? I can not believe the folks at UFO and City Heat Productions funded the making of this masacre . I also ca n't believe they suckered Nelson and Lance Henrikson -LRB- Aliens -RRB- into making it . My guess is both actors lost a bet ! Please , do yourself a favor and pass on this one !
 I was n't sure what the movie was about . Whether it was about someone trying to write a story , a man looking for answers or the ship itself . The plot and the storying line is a little rough or rather non existent . There is alot of paranormal stuff in the movie but very little is said to clarify what happened to the staff and passengers . There is alot left unsaid . The only reason I gave this film 2 stars is because of the sound . If you turn off your t.v. you can listen and imagine a better movie ...
 What a horrible movie . No redeeming value whatsoever . This movie is what happens when all of the budget goes to CGI special effects -LRB- and they ai n't that great -RRB- and none is spent on writing or editing .
 If I had n't rented this movie myself , I would have thought I was watching a late-night , made-for-TV movie on USA Network . The main characters are all played by has-been TV actors , none of whom really did much to enhance their parts . Maybe it was just the terrible dialogue . Judd Nelson had better lines in `` Suddenly Susan '' , which says something about how terrible this movie was . Normally , I would have said that 90 minutes was not long enough to develop the plot and let the audience get to know the characters , but in this case , I just kept looking at the clock to see how much sleep I was losing.For a movie about a ship , you 'd think they 'd actually have real shots of a ship . Instead , it appears that they took footage from a video game . Even the helicopter that transported the characters to the ship was fake . And the scene inside the Chinook helicopter was very inaccurate . There is no way the characters could have heard each other over the roar of 2 rotor engines . They should have had headphones on . And the special effects of the Bermuda triangle and the ghosts in the final scene were not gripping at all . In fact , there was no suspense in this movie.It is easy to see why this movie went straight to video . Save your money and go see `` Ghost Ship '' instead . Oh , by the way , there are no special features on the DVD and if you want captions , the only choice is Spanish .
 This video covers far more about Diana , and her impact on William , then it does about William . I was extremely irate to learn that nearly the whole video is slanted towards Diana , and against HRH Prince Charles , who I think is doing a very good job at being a father . Very little actual footage , and some of that it repeats . Mostly its all commentary from people who supposedly know all about him -LRB- and his mother -RRB- . I was extremely disappointed . The front cover displays a picture taken on his 18th birthday at Eton , and with all the press footage taken that day , none of it is in the video . Its copyrighted 2001 , and yet most of it is during his growing up years . The only relatively recent shoots that make the video worthwhile are brief moments taken from his first press conference , the Queen Mum 's 99th birthday , and the christianing of his godson . Thats about it , otherwise , it was n't anything I could n't have learned anywhere else .
 I saw this film first by ordering from Netflix , then decided to buy . This edition is all black and white , although the film was originally one of the first technicolor films , something Fairbanks worked very hard to achieve . The music score on this DVD is terrible - they play Grieg 's Holberg Suite , which is totally out of character and has nothing to do with what 's happening on screen . The film itself is great , one of Fairbank 's best , but spend a few more dollars and get the Kino Video version .
 I had seen this movie before and I thought I really liked it so I ordered the DVD . I was pretty disappointed once I watched it again , though !
 This is a review for the Criterion Blu-ray edition , and I must say I 'm really disappointed . Although the image is sharp and clear , with a much broader color spectrum than Criterion 's previous DVD release of this film , it is without doubt the same HD master from that previous release , albeit cleaned up a bit.Many of the white hits have been cleaned up , but there it ends . The image is intensely grainy and , while I am a firm believer in retaining original film grain , it is here so sharp and hard as to look like a combination of film grain and digital noise . Tony Pierce-Roberts had a tendencey to push his film stock and so the dark areas or blacks just do not hold up , but instead look washed out and gray/green . I 've seen this film many times projected in the cinema and this is not what it looked like . It looks like a color xerox copy and not a warm photographed epic.The sound on the otherhand is a marvel . Despite the image , the powerful , clear and realistic sound does indeed pull one into the story , as if sitting in the rooms with these characters . Very nice.Two other disappointments
 5 stars for the movie . One star for this disc . I bought this to upgrade from the previous release on DVD which was a very good quality DVD . As this was Criterion and Blu-ray I expected the best print yet of one of my favorite films . To my disappointment this disc if full of snowy grain and flickering in any of the darker scenes . The opening shot of Vanessa Redgrave walking around the house in the evening is ruined with a blizzard of snowy grain . Some of the scenes have a grid-like band across them . I am assuming this is from a defective batch as I see other people are having similar problems . Yet other people seem to not have problems so obviously not all discs released are bad . I , however will be returning this piece of junk . If there is a better disc out there I would like a replacement otherwise I just want a refund .
 Do n't get me wrong . I love period pieces . I loved `` Sense and Sensibility '' , `` A Room With a View '' , `` Remains of the Day '' , etc. ... This one , however , escapes me . I keep telling myself I need to see it again because so many out there seem to love it . It almost put me to sleep . I 've seen Emma Thompson , Anthony Hopkins , Helena Bonham Carter , as well as Vanessa Redgrave better in so many other films . I personally found Thompson 's performance rather dull and Bonham Carter , I felt , was close to terrible . Oh well . I 'll check it out one more time and if I was wrong I 'll change my review . However , if I was n't , I certainly will add to this pan . See ya .
 Beautiful scenery , nice costumes , great acting , and handsome people , without a good storyline do not a great movie make .
 Viewed
 *** Full disclosure - I 'm a film student *** I just watched the movie , it was very difficult to force myself to watch the entire thing.I have never seen a more dull movie . I had to take several breaks to go do something more interesting.I really can not fathom how anyone found this film to be exciting , interesting , or in any way memorable .
 `` Howard 's End '' was one of the strangest movie-watching experiences of my life . I experienced the entire film as one long introduction . `` Okay , this is the scene where they show us what pretty clothes people wore in Edwardian England . This is the scene that displays the cunning antique cars and charming trains they rode in . This scene demonstrates the arch and artificial conversational norms of the period . This is the scene that establishes the lushness and loveliness of the English countryside in high summer . '' Right up until the closing credits , I was waiting for the scene that would involve me in a plot , and make me care about characters.The acting is so unrelentingly cold , arch , and artificial I have to believe that director James Ivory wanted viewers to see only Vanessa Redgrave , Emma Thompson , and Anthony Hopkins , never the characters they allegedly play . These actors may as well be holding scripts in front of their faces . Never for one moment is political activist and Amazon Redgrave believable as a humble little wifey who does not want the right to vote . Anthony Hopkins is Anthony Hopkins , Hannibal Lector in a high collar . Emma Thompson pops out her eyes and strenuously squeezes out some tears , and you think , `` Gosh , she 's working so darn hard for that Oscar . '' `` Howard 's End '' is n't two and a half hours of nothingness , though . It is a crystalline demonstration of the contempt that self-congratulatory privileged people feel for the working poor . Mind
 If you like watching a continuous downhill slide , this is the movie for you . The central characters are a bunch of pathetic , utterly passive and helpless victims who you know from the first moment are going to get screwed , and that is what you end up watching for the next 2 hours . Sure there 's wonderful cinematography and acting , but the story and characters themselves are simply nauseating !
 As an Anthony Hopkins fan , I rented this acclaimed film . IT WAS AWFUL ! The acting was pretty good , but the story did not ascend , it descended ! It was way too long , and , consequently , a movie that achieves only one good thing
 Boring drama , almost felt asleep . I ca n't stand no longer the great actress Emma THompson doing this lousy dramas , thinking they are masterpieces . It 's plain boring .
 For those of you who already own this movie in SD , save your money on this Criterion release . It is horrible , nearly unwatchable in places ~ like watching a movie through a curtain . Criterion should be ashamed of themselves for resting on their laurels.Amazon should STOP importing comments from other releases and media when giving stars to a specific item . The well deserved 5 star ratings from the SD disc are making it look as if this blu-ray release is being well received , which is not the case . Of the 65 5 star reviews posted to date , I counted only THREE which were written for this horrific blu-ray release by Criterion . The other 62 are from the prior SD , VHS and Merchant-Ivory Collection releases.Buyer Beware with this Blu-ray release . Apparently we can no longer assume that Criterion = Good Quality .
 I pre-ordered this BluRay and to my disappointment , at certain spots , e.g. at several outdoor scenes , I see severe pixelation and ` snow storm ; artifacts . Why pay extra to see an inferior image ? I wonder if it is the remastering or this particular disc I got , but this kind of quality is deeply disappointing . I certainly had no such problems with ' A Passage to India ' and ' A Room with a View ' . My BluRay player is a top of the line machine so I am sure it 's not my hardware . So what 's wrong ?
 This is one of our favorite films , so were were naturally excited to be able to order it on Blu-Ray - particularly with the boast that the cinematographer supervised the transfer . Sadly , it 's an absolutely atrocious transfer . We thought we 'd just gotten a defective disc , and had Amazon send us another . But , the problems were the same with both discs . Basically , every scene that is n't in bright sunlight -LRB- and there are many -RRB- is nearly unwatchable . It 's filled with the most distracting ghosting and video noise . Absolutely appalling . Furthermore , and equally maddening , the sound is n't quite synced correctly . It 's not off enough to seem completely wrong , just enough to drive you slightly mad . I 'm really shocked . I 've never had this happen with a Blu-Ray , and never had to write a review like this . Do not buy this item !
 Despite what some deficient Amazon reviewers and Criterion say , this blu-ray release is a disaster . There is `` snow '' -LRB- digital noise , NOT film grain -RRB- and image jittering throughout the entire film . Either the mastering or disc manufacturing was defective . I have played three copies on two blu-ray players and the problems were always the same . However , the real reason I am writing this review is to recommend that it be played at 720p instead of 1080p . The definition is not the same of course , but all the visual problems disappear .
 Movie 5 Stars - Transfer 1 starIf you have an Oppo Bluray player , this will be the worst bluray transfer you have ever seen . Worse than any VHS you have ever owned . Snow - Artifacts-flickering picture - you name it . The sound is good , however.I contacted Criterion , as everyone else that has posted about the deplorable transfer , and they said to adjust my settings - and/or they will send me a replacement disc . Do NOT waste your time . Criterion did something wrong in the mastering of this bluray and for some reason on an Oppo Bluray player it has a problem . I have a PS3 and a Samsung Bluray player as well and it looked terrific on these units . This is not an Oppo problem , this is a Criterion problem . This is a 5 star film and I will NEVER buy another OVER PRICED Criterion disc . I should not have to take an expensive Criterion Bluray out of my main player to play on my gaming TV through a PS3 to watch this fine film . -LRB- nor should I have to recalibrate my TV to watch it-Are you kidding me ? -RRB- I hope another company puts this great film out on Bluray , because Criterion blew it and lost a customer .
 I love this film and have had copies on VHS and DVD . I was so excited to see it had a Criterion Collection bluray available so I rented it.I 'm glad I did n't buy it.The transfer is absolutly horrible . I had to readjust my TV to compensate for how bad the digital noise is on this bluray . The only other disc I 've seen this on is the BBC edition of the Planet Earth bluray and even then it only showed up briefly in a couple shots . I have watched many blurays on my TV and never had them look as bad as this . The disc is overly dark and there is a digital `` static '' in many places . Very very bad.For what it 's worth , this film is supposed to be an indictment of the class system in Victorian England . I wo n't spoil the ending but I think it 's very telling who will end up owning Howard 's End . I do n't think Henry Wilcox is very sympathetic , nor are most of the `` rich people . `` A wonderfully meditative , and often funny , film , well filmed and acted . It 's sad that Criterion did such a bad job putting it on bluray .
 Despite what Criterion may say , there is a fault with this disc . They have said you need to calibrate your set , or that you should n't watch the disc on vivid and sharp mode . But lowering these settings is not enough to get rid of all the digital noise on this disc , and it 's the only blu-ray I 've ever come across that looks this bad . I encourage you to rent the disc before you buy it , so you can see for yourself.I hate giving one star to a movie this good . But the Blu-ray is not even worthy of that one star .
 I bow to no one in my love for this film , based not only upon its obvious merits but also the Forster novel it is faithfully based on . -LRB- Some reviewers do n't seem to be aware of this original source . -RRB- But , having labored mightily to calibrate both my LCD tvs properly , I must add my voice to those who have problems with this transfer.None of my other Blu-rays seem to have such soft processing nor do they seems as unfaithful in terms of color.I remember an astonishingly beautiful film . Perhaps the actual film stock M/I used was subpar , turning many fleshtones pink and lacking the warmth one would expect from proper color temperatures . It 's a disappointment from Criterion.It 's always possible that a cost-conscious producer made the original decision to utilize inferior film stock , but I somehow doubt it .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law for her birthday . She had been looking for it everywhere . I waited for the price to drop and it never did ... . why ? Is this movie that great ?? First of all , it has a few different names , descriptions and covers which confused me a bit , but she said it was the right movie and enjoyed it , which is all that matters .
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews , the picture quality of the Blu-ray transfer is abysmal - grainy with dark colors and snowy at other times as though viewing through gauze ... Criterion should be ashamed . Otherwise an excellent period piece .
 I have loved this movie since I was a teenager . As far as Edwardian-set period films go , this is definitely one of the all time best . That 's why it breaks my heart that after months of anticipating owning this film in high definition , the final product that I received is of extremely poor quality to say the least.Unfortunately , it appears that there is a major issue with either the way this disc is being pressed over at Criterion or the way the HD master is being transferred onto the Blu-ray . The picture on my copy is FILLED with digital noise and snow . It 's not just a mild amount that might have proved mildly distracting , but a thick layer of white grain that looks as if I 'm peering through a blizzard.I logged on to amazon earlier today to see if anyone else was having this same issue and sure enough , others are reporting the same problem on varying levels . The issue is definitely not with my player . I have a magnificent Oppo BDP-83 which always delivers the finest High Definition picture possible on my new Samsung LCD . Should I return my defective disc in hopes of receiving a corrected copy or just inquire about receiving a full refund ? I 'm really not sure , but I am certainly sad that I am being deprived of enjoying one of my favorite films due to a production error from the otherwise phenomenal Criterion collection .
 As a motion picture industry professional , I am appalled at this transfer . Given the overall flatness of the base image , it was obvious that the transfer was from the original negative , or internegative -LRB- IP/IN -RRB- . There is extreme noise in the shadows , manifested by a breathing oscillation in those areas , as if the Criterion/DI colorist was working with bad calibration parameters and either deliberately or unwittingly jacking up the shadows to an extreme - and artificial - level.It is unwatchable.I would have given it a rating of zero stars , but that was not an option in the dropdown textbook.What is wrong with Criterion , anyway ? Their black-and-white transfers -LRB- SEVENTH SEAL and 81/2 -RRB- are utterly sublime . On my Pioneer Elite Kuro plasma I feel as if these films have that wonderful motion picture film-theater look-and-feel . Color materials , however , seem to be problematic for them ; THE LAST EMPEROR was abominable
 There is something terribly wrong with this transfer . Every time there is a dark scene , I see lots of speckles and grains in the picture . And I am not just being picky . I have never seen anything this bad in any blu-ray -LRB- or DVD -RRB- release . I am shipping my copy back to Criterion for an explanation and hopefully a refund .
 and not really Anthony 's , either . I borrowed the VHS from a friend anticipating a lovely , two-hour or so film with rich , well-developed characters , beautiful scenery , and a riveting storyline . I guess one out of three 's not bad.Howards End promises a lot but underdelivers . With Emma Thompson , Sir Anthony Hopkins , and Helena Bonham-Carter in the lead roles , one expects a more interesting film or at the very least , an exciting climax . One gets neither . This film plods along for over two hours , much like an overworked carthorse stumbling through the English countryside . By the end , all one wants is some oats and a night 's sleep in the barn . What disappointed me most was Bonham-Carter 's performance . She is much better at edgy hysteria than what she shows here.Even the climax was dull . -LRB- In case you still want to see this film , I wo n't give it away . -RRB- In this reviewer 's opinion , if you want a good Merchant Ivory flick , watch A Room with a View instead .
 Dragon Inn ranks high among costume martial arts films , and anyone who enjoys kooky , gravity-defying action scenes will enjoy it . The middle sags and the cannibalism subplot does n't add much , but the battle at the end during a sandstorm is a must-see , as well as a beautifully balletic scene in which Brigette Lin and Maggie Cheung spar . Unfortunately , this `` remastered '' DVD is really just another Tai Seng rush job with a really grainy picture . It does n't look much better than VHS . This movie deserves better .
 The description of this dvd led me to expect a movie like `` Musa '' or `` Warriors of Heaven and Earth '' -- I 'd have even been happy with a movie comparable to `` Crouching Tiger '' -- this movie is n't up to the standards of any of these movies though . More of a farce than anything close to an `` adventure '' - the scenery is wasted with a lame plot that drags on and makes the movie seem about twice as long as it really is . Perhaps if my own expectations had been lower -- I would n't be so harsh on this movie -- but compared to `` Musa '' or `` Warriors of Heaven and Earth '' -- it 's defintely sub standard . Different strokes -- as they say -- perhaps you 'll enjoy this movie -- I did n't !
 Brigitte Lin , Maggie Cheung and Donnie Yen are amazing . I was excited to see a movie that combined their talents , but `` Dragon Inn '' was a big disappointment . The plot was too absurd for my liking , the characters felt a little two-dimensional and the fight scenes were only a fraction of what they could have been . However , some people really like this movie a lot . My recommendation would be to rent it first .
 I was n't pleased with this film at all . It did n't have nearly as much kung fu as I thought it would have . It is mainly a drama/adventure movie . It is comparable to Crouching Tiger , but Crouching Tiger still has a better plot and more kung fu fighting scenes . Donnie Yuen is not even in the movie that much . He does n't even fight untill the last 15 min . of the movie -LRB- which is realy the only 15 min . of the movie worth watching -RRB- . This is one of those movies that you watch when you need something to help you fall asleep . Oh , and did I mention that it is a fantisy movie . The kung fu that they do in the movie is a bunch of flying around and throwing darts at each other . If there is anyone out there that wants a `` like new '' copy of this movie , E-mail me and I will consider a trade . $ 9.99 sounds like a reasonable selling price to me .
 This is the worst movie I ever purchased - EVER !! the fights consist of mindless rambling and funny-looking evil ballerinas being buired to their heads in a sandstorm only to charge 20 yards through the sand -LRB- still head-deap -RRB- and impale androgenous women while barbarians peel the skin off of their limbs with 3 foot wide swords . what a dissapointment . and do n't get me wrong I luv totally over the top HK swordfights , but go watch something worthwhile like Storm Riders or the Duel , and 4 all u HK newbies
 This film is very good , one of the best produced by tsui hark , with a good martial art director and two of the most enjoyable actresses in Hong kong . So why two stars out of five . The editor say it 's a remastered picture !!!!!!!! When you watch the DVD you know it 's not true and that 's the big problem . I was waiting for this film to be released in DVD to have a great quality of image and I d'ont have it . I 'm very dispointed . So o out of 5 stars for tai seng .
 For a movie that is relatively new -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , and for $ 17.99 , I certainly expected the quality to be right up there with Crouching Tiger or Flying Daggers . Disappointed ! I do have a number of older - seventies - Chinese movies on DVD that are much worse , mind you , but those older movies were usually less than ten dollars , often closer to five.The movie itself probably warrants four stars , but again , the price for this `` bootleg '' quality DVD is about double what it should be .
 No , I did n't see it . NO ... I would n't see it.I 'm from the South Bronx and have seen the females at Hunts Point and in Manhattan . Why are these women so glamorized in the media ; they do n't look glamorous at all ! I wonder why men patronize such unattractive women at all ... there 's lot of `` free love '' from better looking females .
 DVD had 2 Hannah episodes . I was expecting something else . I ca n't understand why it says Miley says goodbye-the episodes had nothing to do with that .
 Based on all the 5 star reviews of this DVD , I really was looking forward to a terrific concert . Unfortunately , while the 5.1 audio is superb , this DVD is ruined by very grainy picture quality . As a benchmark , I use ` House of Yes ' and the Eagle 's `` Hell Freezes Over '' DVDs , which on my 56 '' HDTV are stunningly clear . As a test I tried the Kansas DVD on my smaller tube TV and it was just as bad there . Steer clear of this one unless you are not bothered by the picture quality .
 As a drummer who grew up in the prog rock tradition , I considered Kansas an entertaining , albeit derivative , band . I enjoyed all of their albums up until Monolith with the live Two for the Show a personal `` desert island '' favorite . TFTS caught the band at their musical and commercial peak , and the excitement of it all comes through loud and clear . Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same about this DVD . Although the program covers the period I dug , the performances come across , with too few exceptions , as uninspired and rote . This , combined with the following issues , has led me to buyer 's remorse .1 -RRB- Steve Walsh 's voice has become unrecognizable to me . He 's still a good front man and musician , but after a while my wife and I put our -LRB- collective -RRB- finger on the trouble
 I 've been a kansas fan since their first album . I bought this cd after hearing that Steve Walsh 's voice has improved Since Live at the Whiskey and that his voice is almost comparable to his 70 's voice . Sadly it 's not . I heard this cd only once and that was enough for me . I put on two for the show cd and tbat 's what I 'm gon na listen to as it is the Kansas I know and love . ... It pains me to hear a voice that used to take the words of Kerry Livgren and turn them into masterpieces . I would change my mind if I heard just one song that sounds almost identical to any song that Steve Walsh sung so masterfully in the 70 's . I 'm gon na get smeared for telling the truth , but that 's the way it is . I would not recommend this DVD/cd but instead buy any Kansas album from Kansas to Audio Vision , where the true Steve Walsh resides .
 The drummer can not keep a steady beat . Being a great fan of the band as well as a musician , that grates on the ears so much that I can not watch it . He rushes the beat through the entire performance.If I was the great Kansas , I 'd be embarrassed to put this one out on the market.Please try again , Kansas . Your material is amazing , but this DVD is awful . Give Phil a track to listen to , if you decide to keep him .
 This was recommended to me by a friend , but I just could not get into it .
 This DVD had the worst picture of any concert DVDs I own . By design , everything has a hazy , grainy look . It 's like sitting at the top of an arena looking through the smoke at the stage.Save your money and do not buy this DVD .
 Way too many jams , too many songs missing from this dvd , and felt very disappointed after watching the show . I own over 50 concerts on dvd and this was the worst one I have ever purchased . I tried watching again after a year had passed , just to see if my opinion had changed , but it still is a horrible concert . I enjoy the music of Kansas , so I think that 's why I ended up being so disappointed in this show .
 The performances are good -LRB- However , Phil Ehart STILL can not keep a steady beat without drifting all over the place -RRB- , but first and foremost ; What the hell are those people doing behind the band?Or more importantly , WHY are they there?It 's as though they 're playing some sort of frat party . This is all well and good , except that this band deserves better than some half witted , slapdash , `` let 's make the fans feel like they are part of the show '' junk . What a load of baloney!I loved this band BECAUSE of the distance between their performance and their audience . They felt bigger than life . That 's what a stage performance is all about.If I wanted to be part of the show , I 'd start my OWN band.As a matter of fact I was IN a Kansas tribute band in the 80 's -LRB- with a much better drummer -RRB- , so I 'm no casual fan.Give me a REAL show , a spectacle even . If it 's `` all about the music '' -LRB- an EXTREMELY overused phrase -RRB- , then why bother with a DVD ? I 'd rather just listen to a live CD -LRB- `` Two for the Show '' , is a FANTASTIC example -RRB- . Otherwise , give me something to look at as well as listen to.Forget this garbage ,
 This DVD is an embarrassment!Their music sounds like a cross between a kitchy Mannheim Steamroller on steriods and an ultra-Elizabethan Pentangle on acid . Verbose with overblown baroque sensibilities , they 've become caricatures of what they once were.The lead singer , Steve Walsh , has lost his voice , screeches to hit high notes and becomes more irritatingly annoying as the concert progresses . Even ` Dust in the Wind ' , their signature tune , becomes too painful to enjoy.I bought two copies of this DVD because I was planning to give one copy as a gift . That wo n't happen now . -LRB- Does that mean I 'll have to watch this trifle twice ? I hope not ... -RRB- I wo n't even talk about Robby Steinhardt 's ` Hagrid ' look.Save your money .
 If this is the same video that was shown on Direct TV a number of months ago , the band had a black Church choir backing them up on a few tunes . Kerry Livgren , Dave Hope , Warren Ham and John Elefante -LRB- all professing Christians in the band -RRB- were all lambasted by the other band members for being unashamedly and unapologetic about their faith in the 80 's , especially Livgren . Read Livgren 's book `` Seeds of Change '' about this fact . SHAME ! I thought Christians were supposed to be the hypocrites . Hmm ?
 Mostly forgetable flick with no real target audience ... Ribisi once again desperately tries to be cool , and fails miserably.Claire Danes ' and Omar Epps ' considerable talents were wasted on this one .
 The original serious was pretty good . This 1999 movie was so painfully bad that it looks like it was the last thing the writer , Buddy Ruskin , the creator of the original series , ever did in show business . This flick is so godawful that I 'd rather watch a loop of Roseanne Barr singing the Star Spangled Banner.Co-producer Aaron Spelling must have been mortified at the final product .
 I faithfully watched The Mod Squad every day at 4pm in syndication in the 70 's . I loved the TV show . The characters were cool , believable , and `` solid '' . This attempt to revive interest failed miserably . The actors were boring , and seemed not to even try . The plot was confusing , and the producers , directors and writers made no attempt to remain faithful to the original storyline . Most of the newer movie versions of old shows at least tried . I found Dukes of Hazzard pretty good . I look forward to seeing `` Dallas '' in the theaters . -LRB- I think they should get Larry Hagman to play `` Jock '' ! -RRB- . But this `` movie '' does n't even deserve one star . It 's a shame because I would love to see The Mod Squad back in syndication . I hope the series comes out on DVD . Be cautious - watch the movie before you purchase .
 only point of interest is that Omar Epps is now pretty recognizable from his role on the TV show `` House '' . otherwise you may also be able to use it to play frisbee with your dog .
 This movie is quite possibly the worst one I 've seen all year . Please , pass it by . I 'm begging you . This movie ought not to have been made . If the computer would let me give it negative stars , I would .
 While Claire Danes is stunning in this slow , boring action flick , I found the film to be less than entertaining . The premise for `` The Mod Squad '' is excellent , and could have been just great , but the plot falls short of anything expected by the viewer . Although this movie is definitely not worth buying , it 's a good choice for video rental .
 And if it were n't for this fact , I would have turned this movie off 30 minutes into it . The cinematographer seems to have used Claire 's looks to greatest advantage in the movie , as you see lots of close-up shots of her , brooding.Giovanni Ribisi and Omar Epps spend most of the movie brooding , as well , and posing in scenes intended to make them look `` cool . '' Other than that , the plot is insipid , the overall look of this movie is quite grey , and the movie itself seems to be a disconnected series of scenes , moving from one to the next . In fact , the movie is quite hard to follow because the scenes are mostly disconnected from each other . Moreover , the overall feel of the movie is grim
 Amazing how so much action , noise , pulsing rock music and lively young actors can add up to such a dull movie . I rated it one star because Amazon wo n't allow Zero stars . This one is unwatchable , literally . Not even laughable so you ca n't sit there and mock it . It is just boring and dull . Rent anything else at all - you 're sure to like it better .
 Having watched the series The Mod Squad , i was very excited they was making a movie . The movie sucked big time . Nothing like the series , very boring and confusing . It could have been a whole lot better movie .
 When I heard they were doing a `` re-make '' of the ground-breaking , popular and critically-acclaimed Mod Squad tv show , I had a bad feeling about it . I decided to give it a shot , though . Big mistake . When about the only thing you keep from the original are the names , you know a movie is in trouble . They made Julie , who originally was very emotional and fragile , into a fistfighting brat , and turned the passionate Pete Cochran character into a clown and a moron . The director obviously had no regard for the original , which is too bad . The tv show Mod Squad was nominated for writing and acting Emmys ; it broke ground on subjects from racism , to abortion and sex education . The actors were top-notch . None of that can be said about the movie . My recomendation - skip the movie , and rent videos of the original !
 First of all , Peggy Lipton 's Julie would have whipped Claire Danes ' Julie two times over and thrice on Sunday . How such a cool TV show could go bad as a movie boggles the mind . Ribisi 's a great actor , but he 's totally miscast at Pete . Same goes for Omar - not the Linc I had in mind AT ALL !! Seriously , those of us who actually paid money to see this dribble were n't going in for Masterpiece Theatre . What we got was the thrill of telling everyone we know that we paid to see one of the worst films of all time . Yippee .
 What a dreary exercise this is ! When Hollywood adapts TV shows to the big screen it would help to have a decent script . It 's flicks like this that tanked M-G-M as a viable studio . The basic story comes from a cookie cutter involving corrupt cops , a prostitution ring , and stolen drugs from the police evidence room . There 's more originality in a typical episode of `` T.J. Hooker '' . The three young leads -LRB- Claire Danes , Omar Epps , Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- do their best to breathe life in this inert dreck to little avail . Dennis Farina as Captain Greer does himself a favor by dying early and not having to suffer the grind of being in the majority of this swill . Avoid this one at all costs . Noteworthy , if anybody cares , Dey Young who played Kate Rambeau in the cult classic `` Rock 'N' Roll High School '' appears briefly as Ribisi 's mother .
 The Mod Squad is n't a movie , it 's a void . That 's the most fascinating thing about it and the thing that kept me watching - I 'd never seen a film that offered absolutely nothing before . It 's a film without any reason to exist whatsoever , seemingly consciously designed to appeal to no-one as if made purely as a contractual obligation to someone the studio really dislike . There is no plot , there is no characterization , there are no set piece action scenes , there are n't even any scenes as such , just a progression of increasingly empty shots projected at 24 frames per second . I 'm not talking about empty as in dumb summer blockbuster but empty as in `` We have n't got the pages yet so just point the camera at something and stop when you 've got 90 minutes worth . '' It makes you appreciate the ` artistic achievements ' of the movie versions of Charlie 's Angels and S.W.A.T. that much more . What it does offer is far too much of Giovanni Ribisi at his most tediously execrable doing his bastard son of a thousand morons impersonating Marlon Brando method acting routine , Michael Lerner dancing with Omar Epps and ... no , that 's it . Oh , Clare Danes has a nice smile in one shot . And Dennis Farina has the sense to get killed off early . Genuinely the most utterly pointless film ever made , it 's like L'Humanite without the jokes but , you know , for kids .
 I could n't decide ! If this was n't one of the worst movies ever made I do n't know what is .
 -LRB- This film might put you to sleep . -RRB- Genre classifications `` action '' and `` thriller '' are both terribly misapplied in this case . The film 's pacing is slow , the character development does n't really exist with regard to some important characters , the writing is poor , and as such it is difficult to judge whether the acting is subpar because the actors are n't all that great -LRB- though Ribisi has proven his ability in some much better stuff -RRB- or because the script was n't worth producing . Add to all of this a sad lack of special effects and an unmemorable soundtrack , and you 've got an entire work of below-average film making.If you 're looking for an arcane suspense/action , `` Ronin '' might be a good pick , but even still , for blockbuster quality stick to the well-traveled paths of smash hits . There 's a reason `` everybody '' liked some films.ALong
 This is a horrible film . I bought it because it had Claire Danes in it ... . and the other two lead actors are n't quite that bad . But it just hurts to see them suffering to salvage this fractured nonsense of a script.The story is that these 3 Juvenile delinquents get a second chance by serving as a pawn of the police . One was a club DJ , who stutters , One was a gangsta , and claire danes was ... some prostitute or something ? Whatever . And they go against this huge drud deal or something that involves the police , that tries to get away by putting all the blame on the trio.But the three , never really does anything , things hardly develop , the DJ does absolutely nothing , the editing is really 3rd rate , and ... Ah , I really do n't want to remember it.Amazon.com had the nerve to recommend this thing to me , probably because I looked up other stuff that stars Claire Danes . Well , maybe your recommendation system needs a bit more tweaking ...
 `` The Mod Squad '' sucks . Does it had to suck ? No . It could 've been a fun , slick-jiving , unorthodox cop adventure for the modern age , much like what it apparently was on the original TV series . However , the producers wanted to be edgy for this film adaptation , but unlike Samuel L. Jackson 's `` Shaft '' , this is only edgy by appearance . It 's as lifeless and unneeded as the dumb triple-take shot the film did on a couple of scenes.If there are lessons to be learned from thatvisually-stunning-but-slightly-overrated movie , one of them would be ` you do n't reason with Ribisi ' . Giovanni Ribisi sure has n't changed much over the years , since his character in this movie is just as irrational , but then so is everyone else here . It 's a movie about three criminal jerks who were hired to do policework for the jerks of the law . They were watching over some jerk while keeping tabs to their superior jerk and avoiding the jerk officers who ca n't stand them . A tip from a jerk led these three jerks to find their superior jerk murdered , and now they 're on a mission to find the jerks responsible for the crime . Did I mention everyone 's a jerk in this movie , especialy Ribisi 's character as Pete ? Never had I seen a cop this loud , unbearable , and cantankerous quite like Pete sinceChris Tucker , except even less funnier.Somewhere along the plot , the jerks -LRB- Linc , Julie and Pete -RRB- would discover that the murder is conspired by mobsters and corrupt cops ; the ` twist ' on the latter is faceplantingly obvious that it 's not even a spoiler . But I got ta give props to the corrupt cops , who at one point just happened to reveal their crimes outside in the open , when anyone can just tape their conversation and use it against them later on ; not the wisest of the crop , eh?But all that conspiracy and espionage adds up to a minority of the movie . Nothing exciting happens in this film . It has only a couple of chases and one little shootout in the end , but the rest is just people talking , arguing , and moaning . As a person who enjoys a Guy Ritchie or Quentin Tarantino movie , the dialogue in this movie does n't hold up in lieu of action ; the script is uninspiring , none of the characters have anything interesting to say except quipping cliche quotes . I wish the actors were n't so tired with their roles , delivering lines in such a dry tone , except for Ribisi who just ca n't do the angry character quite well . With the possible exception of Claire Danes ' panties , nothing is worth my eyes and ears.And boy , my ears are in pain , because the score of `` The Mod Squad '' is just terrible . It tried to imitate the fly music from the '60s and '70s , but it got annoying by the fast percussions on slow tracks and random horn blasts in certain moments . The music is so dense , it actually killed the mood it tried to bring in specific plot point.Everything `` The Mod Squad '' wanted to be -LRB- pulse-pounding , humorous , clever -RRB- , it lacks . It 's a boring tripe of an adaptation , one that 'll soon be forgotten after being watched .
 There was really only one selling point for this movie to begin with , and that would have to of been the fact Claire Danes was in the movie . The fact that I only wish that I had slept through it is another matter . Save your money , go buy something else . I have no time to bash or flame , just to say that I am disappointed with a boring movie .
 `` As fun as it is cool ! '' said MTV News , at least according to the cover blurb here , which immediately begs the question as to whether they were actually talking about this film , and whether they were actually sober if they had watched this film . To save you a lot of time , let me assure you that I may have found a film that will knock Plan 9 From Outer Space off the perch as the worst film of all time . Okay , perhaps that is exaggerating just a little , but there is certainly not much here to commend this putrid effort as a film at all . Perhaps I am a traditionalist , but I believe films need to have certain elements to them in order to be successful
 Mod Squad is nothing to watch on purpose mind you . It 's one of those bad films that requires no thinking at all to get through . That 's probably why you could be watching it for over an hour and not even realize what anyone in the scenes are doing . This is the worst ripoff of a television series I have ever seen . The characters did n't act anything like the originals . Omar Epps rocked and as a black person I was embarrassed he even took a part in the mess . He is too good of an actor to even think of taking a role where he had so little to do . Ribisi was unnoticable as the '' dumb '' one of the group . His lines were supposed to be funny but he only ended up making me more bored . Claire Danes was stylish for once but she tried too hard to be sexy and once again her acting barely passed . With many more exciting young actresses out there I was surprised that someone thought Claire Danes who played Julie like a ditzy tramp could be smart enough to be a cop . This is the movie that proved Danes is not leading lady material . She does much better as a supporting actress . This was awful and unless you 've got the hots for any of these three people do n't waste your time . Poor Omar , thank goodness he went on to better roles . If you like new adaptations of old shows , I 'd watch the new Charlie 's Angels movies . They may not be perfect but at least they are n't boring .
 The TV-to-Film Curse Rears its Ugly Head once again with `` The Mod Squad '' . -LRB- `` The Avengers '' , `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' , `` Lost in Space '' , `` Leave it to Beaver '' and `` Dragnet '' are other such Cursed films , while `` The Addams Family '' , `` Charlies Angels '' , `` The Fugitive '' , `` Mission Impossible '' and `` The Brady Bunch Movie '' are the Exceptions -RRB- This Ill-Conceived Mess of a film stars Claire Danes , Giovanni Ribisi and Omar Epps as `` The Mod Squad '' , a title that may have fit the times of the Series , but it will be Lost on the films Target Audience , but not to worry , The Target Audience will be Lost after the films first 5 minutes as the film has Absolutely Nothing worth Hanging Around for . Even the 3 Talented Leads look like they are Cursing the day they signed on for this Debacle.Ok , now to the Plot ... Ok , we can Skip reviewing the plot as the Filmmakers forgot to Include one , they must have thought that the 3 stars Charisma would be enough ... They thought Wrong . Claire Danes might be a Great and Beautiful Actress , but only One of those Qualities are on show here and it does n't take a Brain Surgeon to figure out which . Omar Epps is downright Annoying and Giovanni Ribisi looks Embarrassed and hides behind Sunglasses for the Lacklustre yet Mercifully Short 80 minute running time . They are all Good , Talented Actors . There is Never Any Doubt that it is All the Filmmakers fault.Avoid '' The Mod Squad '' like The Plague ; It gives `` The Avengers '' a run for its money as the Worst Remake of a TV show Ever .
 Three young people on the wrong side of the law are given a chance to turn their lives around and become useful members of society by becoming undercover cops in `` The Mod Squad , '' a resurrection of the hit television series of the ` 60 's , directed by Scott Silver . Given their less than stellar backgrounds , and because of who they are and the people they know , Julie Barnes -LRB- Claire Danes -RRB- , Pete Cochran -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- and Lincoln Hayes -LRB- Omar Epps -RRB- can go places other cops ca n't , so they are tapped by Captain Adam Greer -LRB- Dennis Farina -RRB- to infiltrate a seedy night spot suspected of being a front for a prostitution ring . For a start , Julie gets a job there as a waitress , while Pete and Linc just `` hang out '' to find out what they may . Julie quickly becomes reacquainted with an old boyfriend , Billy Waites -LRB- Josh Brolin -RRB- , who turns out to be involved with drugs , which are tied in to the shady dealings going down at the bar . Before it 's over , the `` squad '' is in it up to their necks , while also running afoul of a bunch of wrong cops who are also involved with the drugs , and consequently tied in with their investigation . From the beginning of the movie , there is a sense that you are coming in late ; as if it 's presupposed that you know what 's going on as far as the origin and workings of the squad . All you get here are brief mug-shot bios of the three that give you nothing more than a glimpse into their past ; there 's nothing about how this all actually came about . The thinking was probably that by doing it this way it would lead into the story quicker , get things moving along . While this is true to a certain extent , some added background would have made the texture of the story a bit more interesting ; the way it was done here merely depreciates the credibility of the entire proceedings . The plot is marginal to begin with , and any time spent on character development would have been well worth the while . What 's delivered , and quite unimaginatively at that , is a less than compelling story filled with one dimensional characters . The performances are satisfactory , but the actors get no help from the script , nor apparently from Silver ; Danes , Ribisi and Epps come close to fleshing out Julie , Pete and Linc , but given the time allotted them , combined with the lack of support , they still fall way short of giving these people life . Farina , a good actor who deserves better than what he gets here , comes off as nothing more than a caricature of the `` good cop . '' There 's a feeling that everything was given the once-over in this film ; some detail and nuance would have driven the stock up considerably on this one . The supporting cast includes Richard Jenkins -LRB- Detective Mothershed -RRB- , Steve Harris -LRB- Briggs -RRB- , Larry Brandenburg -LRB- Eckford -RRB- , Lionel Mark Smith -LRB- Lanier -RRB- and Sam McMurray -LRB- Tricky -RRB- . It 's a shame to see the acting talent involved here wasted like this ; a lot more thought and planning should have gone into the making of this movie . As it is , it comes across as ill-conceived and poorly executed . Danes , Ribisi and Epps are like Major Leaguers who got stuck playing for all the marbles at the local sandlot ; instead of getting a shot at the title , they all got hung out to dry . Like Terry says in `` On The Waterfront , '' `` You was my brother , Charlie , you shoulda been looking out for me . '' Well , it 's obvious that there was no Charlie to look out for them here , and after `` The Mod Squad , '' they can all just hope for something better to come along the next time .
 The mod squad gets started ` after ' the formation of the `` Mod Squad '' without even bothering to develop any of the characters or show us why anyone is doing what they are doing.Moreover , most of the events in the movie seem ancillary to the plot . Without even a smack of character development , the plot meanders from Gen-X club scenes to action scenes and back again .
 For those who do n't know , the premise of the TV show was that these three troubled kids had some attitude but were actually decent , sympathetic characters . And they had as their `` father figure '' , Captain Greer.Just copy that formula , with Clarie Danes -- who IS cute -- and bingo , instant hit.But no . First we kill off the guy who 's supposed to watch over them . Next , we make them unsympathetic slackers . Finally , add a dash of silly , dated dialog like `` Solid , man '' . -LRB- Which sounded ridiculous , even in the 60s , trust me -RRB- . I do n't know who Giovanni is but he should get some sleep and try breathing through his nose so he can close his mouth occasionally . Even when he is n't talking his mouth is open.Didn ' t they give any thought to the lack of chemistry between these actors -- and how unappealing they are in these roles ? I 'd send them back to prison .
 I ca n't believe this is from the screenwriter who brought us 8 MILE . The only reason this gets one star is because Claire Danes runs around in her underwear a lot and Giovanni Ribisis is entertaining as always and does what he can with what little he has to work with.Instead of a review I 'll give you a warning . This will be the most regretful hour and a half you 'll spend watching a movie in your entire life . It 's not as bad as THE MUSKETEER and the first TOMB RAIDER movie but it 's up there.F + -LRB- the plus is for Claire Daines who deserves better -RRB-
 `` The Mod Squad '' is a tired rehash of conventional action films , as though the producers had placed them all into a blender and pressed them out into a sub-cartoon , teenybopper formula . In general , I thought that it was a misfire , on account of its dull pace and dreary subject matter , not to mention the fact that it was disastrously aimed at an audience that would n't have probably been born in time to appreciate the 70s TV series !
 Hip young punks you ca n't help but hate , cardboard bad cops that get foiled by punks , and you know the whole story . A mind-numbing and tedious grind . The only reason it gets one star is for curing my insomnia .
 No , I did n't see it . NO ... I would n't see it.I 'm from the South Bronx and have seen the females at Hunts Point and in Manhattan . Why are these women so glamorized in the media ; they do n't look glamorous at all ! I wonder why men patronize such unattractive women at all ... there 's lot of `` free love '' from better looking females .
 Frustrated more than he can stand , Keith -LRB- Maxwell Caulfield -RRB- , a crime reporter for a major newspaper , when unable to cope with the collapse of his marriage , failure to gain custody of his young son , and loss of his home , agrees when in a state of drunkenness to an offer put to him by a former business school acquaintance -LRB- who happens to be connected -RRB- that he believes will solve all of his immediate problems
 Frustrated more than he can stand , Keith -LRB- Maxwell Caulfield -RRB- , a crime reporter for a major newspaper , when unable to cope with the collapse of his marriage , failure to gain custody of his young son , and loss of his home , agrees when in a state of drunkenness to an offer put to him by a former business school acquaintance -LRB- who happens to be connected -RRB- that he believes will solve all of his immediate problems
 To be honest , I do n't like this video . It has full nudity , but the pictures look old like it was made in the 80s . At first , I thought it 's going to be all girls workout , but there 's a guy in it . I give the video 2 stars for the effort .
 Frustrated more than he can stand , Keith -LRB- Maxwell Caulfield -RRB- , a crime reporter for a major newspaper , when unable to cope with the collapse of his marriage , failure to gain custody of his young son , and loss of his home , agrees when in a state of drunkenness to an offer put to him by a former business school acquaintance -LRB- who happens to be connected -RRB- that he believes will solve all of his immediate problems
 Frustrated more than he can stand , Keith -LRB- Maxwell Caulfield -RRB- , a crime reporter for a major newspaper , when unable to cope with the collapse of his marriage , failure to gain custody of his young son , and loss of his home , agrees when in a state of drunkenness to an offer put to him by a former business school acquaintance -LRB- who happens to be connected -RRB- that he believes will solve all of his immediate problems
 Do not be fooled into buying this movie . If you are looking for a sensual , clever softcore film with lingerie , stockings and the like , than look elsewhere . Any sex that is shows is not steamy or provocative . There are far less expensive alternatives if you are looking for something good in the softcore genre that can be shared with a signficant other .
 The Key to Sex is a misnomer for this film . It was not informative about sex in any way .
 From the haunting opening notes of `` Je crois entendre encore '' , through the first scenes with the darling little Russian girl I thought I would like this film . But as it went along , not only did the characters become less believable , they just devolved into broad , insulting stereotypes . The film did pretty well equally insult every race , religion and ethnic group they came across , so it did n't single anyone out . They all seemed like ethnic cartoons ! The score , however almost saves it . Well , no , it does n't . There are plenty of great recordings of ` Les Pecheurs de perles ' and `` La Favorita '' out there . No need to subject yourself to this .
 Recipe for one lame movie
 In this one Johnny Depp portrays a gypsy . With long hair , a thin moustache and a Romanian accent , he is sly , seductive and sultry . He appears in about 22 sequences . Cate Blanchette is over the top but so is the character she 's playing . Set in the decade between 1927 and the rise of Naziism in Paris in the late thirties , the plot follows the life of a young girl whose father has left for America and who is separated from her family and friends by a pogram . Ricci plays her as a trauma victim , quiet and depressed through most of the film.This is the problem - the center of the film , the girl herself , is so boring , so uninteresting , that we find it hard to believe that the charming , man-hungry Blanchette befriends her and that the seductive Depp falls in love with her . It just does n't make sense . She remains a child throughout the film , silent , hardly talking , occasionally singing . She never becomes a woman emotionally so the interest of others in the narrative does n't ring true.The score is truly lovely , weaving some lovely arias around original scoring . The cinematography is good , darkly atmospheric - her world has little light in it.The story itself is as depressing as it could be . Hiding her identity as a Russian Jew in Nazi-occupied Paris , she is lusted after , betrayed and finally shipwrecked in her attempt to get to America and reunite with her father who believes her to be dead and who has gone on to father a second family.The film 's title is meaningless and hardly one to attract audiences . The only man who cries in the film is Depp during their last night together , but since no point had been made before that he does n't cry , the scene is meaningless . ALso , one would think a title would refer to a main character , not a supporting one . Even GYPSY LOVER , bad as it is , would be a more apt title.To sum up , a depressing film about a depressing girl , made bearable by Depp 's sensual performance and Blanchette 's exuberant one .
 First of all , do n't let the cover fool you
 Under the yoke of persecution , people -- collectively or individually -- will find a voice , a way to communicate their plight to the world , to anyone who will listen . Sometimes the whole world will hear that cry , but often it will fall on deaf ears . `` The Man Who Cried , '' written and directed by Sally Potter , is just such a story , of a people -- Jews -- unimaginably persecuted and attempting to find their voice , that common expression of their suffering and turmoil . And , as is wont to happen in extreme situations , that expression will manifest itself in terms that are universal and defy the barriers of language . The `` Man '' in this story can be found in hu-MAN-ity , and his cry can be found in the common expression of song
 Throughout the duration of `` The Man Who Cried , '' I found myself searching for a light at the end of the tunnel , something with which to spark some interest in my skeptical mind for this drawn-out , listless and emotionally empty film . Perhaps my dislike for Sally Potter 's latest venture into the artistic canvas of human suffering is my own fault ; after all , if one spends a movie 's entire desperately trying to like it , where does it get him but right back where he started?There is a certain sense of awe and wonderment about a failure such as this ; you have to admit that there were some good intentions at work in this picture . Potter incorporates a style that accentuates the period 's flavor and dark times exquisitely , but to call it a style over substance film is a hit and miss . There are times when the visual integrity of the film is the only thing worth watching for , and then there are times when the plot itself is so outlandishly dreary that keeping one 's eyes open becomes a chore.Potter 's tale begins in Russia , 1927 , exploring the childhood years of little Susie , who is separated from her beloved father when he ventures from home to begin a new life in America . As an adult , she moves to Paris to explore her options as a singer , and ends up befriending Lola -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- , a dancer who aspires to have wealth and fame through marriage . She finds this in an Italian opera singer , Dante Dominio -LRB- John Turturro -RRB- , whose boisterous ego and support of the Nazi presence in Paris are a threat to Susie , whose Jewish background remains secret.As far as period pieces are concerned , this one carries its fair share of opulent imagery , beauteous music and operatic flow that gives the film an offbeat feel . But there is little more than this exercise in style to enjoy about the movie
 I can only assume that Stanton , Blanchett and Turturo took a wrong turn down the corridor from the canteen and walked into an adjacent studio , not noticing the sign on the door which read , `` Quiet please , turkey in progress '' . This is utter rubbish . Art house vibe ? Come on . That only makes sense if you believe that art house cinema shows films which are badly lit , poorly paced and badly acted . Depp reprises his ` Chocolat '' role to equally tiresome effect , while Harry Dean Stanton looks like an actor who ca n't wait for his character to be deported East by the Nazis and save him from further career trauma . I was interested that the Paris flat appears to be located next door to the city aquarium ; during love scenes , the wooden lovers are serenaded by singing whales outside the window - now that is Arthouse , and accounts for this review 's only star.The horse defecating on stage says it all ; this really is a stinking heap
 Just so-so film overall ... . I think the acting was fine in this movie , the cinematography great and the essence of the story was a good one ... . However , something was lacking/missing that left me wanting more from this film.I just felt that more depth could have been added to the main character and her overall early beginnings with her adoptive family ... . Plus more on how she went about finding her father in America . The ending of this movie left one wanting to know more answers ... Sure Susie was eventually reunited with her biological father , but was it a happily ever after one ?? Knowing more about what her biological father had been up to while in America with a bit more detail , would have been great too . Did Cate Blanchett 's character make it big in Hollywood ? What did Christina Ricci 's character end up doing with the rest of her life ? And so go the list of questions .
 It is hard to silently watch this `` well photographed '' film - there is a constant never-ending stream of questions and comments that arise from an educated viewer.Why does the father look like a reformed Jew while the other Jews in the shtetl are fashionably Chassidic?Why do some of them speak Yiddish , while others -LRB- during the late gathering -RRB- speak German?Why the Jewish village is burned down and during what war in Russia in 1927 ?! Why does the girl 's father look rather young comparing to his cherished photograph showing a grey-haired old grandpa with abundant facial hair?Why supposedly a Moscovite dancer -LRB- Cate Blanchette -RRB- does n't immediately get that her friend is Jewish , and not Russian , while looking at her father 's unambiguous photo and reading the last name Abramovich ?! Why is an actor , who plays girl 's father , and whom we see right at the beginning of the film , and right at the end ; whose masterful portrayal of a loving parent is so nuanced and multilayered that it shames all other `` great '' actors in this production , why is he named only at the end as `` Father
 Christina Ricci portrays an orphaned Jewish girl raised in England just before the Second World War . She becomes a chorus girl in Paris and hooks up with a hammy roommate -LRB- and fellow dancer -RRB- played by Cate Blanchett and a watchful Gypsy stud played by Johnny Depp . There 's also a scene-chewing , unpleasant role for John Turturro as an arrogant Italian opera singer . By the time the Germans invade Paris , you 're ready to exit this film as well . *** Director Sally Potter 's previous films include `` Orlando '' -LRB- based on the novel by Virginia Woolf -RRB- and `` The Tango Lesson '' in which she starred and even performed as a dancer . The latter is a wonderful , almost-documentary electrified by the commanding soulfulness of the tango . *** `` The Man Who Cried '' has more in common with the difficult and overlong `` Orlando . '' Despite Potter 's artistic eye and sense of striking imagery , the storytelling remains muddled . You 're really not sure why you 're supposed to care about the characters . The spotlight follows Ricci even though she seems obviously uncomfortable and ready to bolt . The supporting roles criminally underuse Blanchett and Depp who both deserve more . *** The most compelling aspect of `` The Man Who Cried '' concerns Ricci 's character and the search for her father who left Russia for America . This , however , is given the least amount of screen time . In fact , you can watch the first fifteen and the last fifteen minutes of the film and be done with it .
 The highlight of this movie is the sex scene which is pretty disturbing when you think of Johnny Depp 's age -LRB- now 39 -RRB- and Christina Ricci -LRB- now 21 -RRB- . Nasty . Do n't buy ...
 DEPP is always good to look and and the best actor around . They needed him more in this weird confusing film , then I 'd give more stars .
 There is something missing in this movie . I dunno , I just do n't care about these people . I really want to , but I just do n't connect with them . It 's a beautiful movie , I must give it that .
 I 'm a long time fan of Depp . But this is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I rented it for $ 1.50 and felt ripped-off .
 I was very , very , very , very dissapointed with this movie . There was a lot of things in his movie that were good -LRB- Johnny Depp being one of them , though silent he still pulls it off in the end -RRB- . This is the second movie they have been in -LRB- Sleepy Hollow being the other one -RRB- CAte Blanchett is annoying in her russian accent and John Tuturro is so ever nagging -LRB- Tuturro and Depp team up 3 years later in Secret Window -RRB- . lots of singing and Blanchett seduces Tuturro alot . Depp and his care for his family and his silent love for Ricci are the main points I really thought were good but it did end well and thank god Blanchett got blown away towards the end . a let down , really
 Johnny Depp is brooding , but not even he could save this snoozer . Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ...
 The # 1 best thing about this movie is that Johnny Depp is in it . He has that transcendent , magical ability to give a performance that elevates any movie in which he appears . The # 2 best thing is the attention lavished on production values particularly cinematography and art direction . Visually the film can be stunning ; it has a romantic otherworldly aura . Now it is the story that does n't quite work . Did this movie start out as one thing and evolve into something else ? Is this a movie about people caught in cataclysmic circumstances beyond their control or the story of doomed lovers ? I could n't make up my mind . Neither one of these premises stands on its own and here woven together just does n't quite hang.It is disappointing that the characters are not fully realized and little more than stereotypes ; the searching waif , the seductive gypsy , the blonde gold digger with a heart of gold , the temperamental , self-enamored opera star . The title itself though provocative seems an after - thought . Yes , Cesar the gypsy cries when he and Susie part under desperate circumstances , and his tears emphasize the poignancy of the separation , but this part of the scene seems tacked on , and gratuitous.Which leads me into the main problem with this movie . Throughout it suffers from the palatable lack of chemistry between Johnny Depp and Cristina Ricci . There is just no heat between these two which makes the love story difficult to buy . -LRB- For doubters of this phenomenon I refer you to their pairing in `` The Legend of Sleepy Hollow '' -RRB- . The Man Who Cried is not an entire washout . The story has some sentimental charm and John Turturro and Cate Blanchett are always worth watching . And as for Johnny Depp ... he 's worth watching any old time .
 Man Who Cried has wonderfully lush cinematography throughout , but is very slow paced . Although the film starts in Russia , the main action of the film does n't begin until Suzie -LRB- Ricci -RRB- arrives in Paris and gets a job with the opera company . If I had been in the editor 's chair , I would have opened the story in Paris , introduced our heroine as the newly hired member of the company , and brought out her history in conversations with the other characters . Cate Blanchett has the best role in the movie as Russian dancer , Lola . John Turturro gives a good performance as the sleazy Italian opera singer and Johnny Depp is excellent in the small role of Cesar , the brooding Gypsy horse trainer Suzie falls in love with . Depp is one of those actors who can speak volumes with just a twitch of his cheek muscles . I would add that I thought Suzie/Cesar 's love scenes were well-handled . For my money , the most touching moment of the film was when Cesar -LRB- Depp -RRB- weeps over his sleeping lover -LRB- Ricci -RRB- whom he knows he will never see again . Ricci , while a competent actress , has very little to do here except look pensive and long-suffering . My advice on the film
 I am/was a Sally Potter fan . ` Orlando ' and ` The Tango Lesson ' were fascinating and delightful . ` The Man Who Cried ' is neither.The dialog is stunningly bad -- the ` goodbye ' scene between Suzie & Cesar is so , so bad I ca n't believe Sally Potter could have written this without a deep sense of irony ? I could tolerate the indulgent cameo inclusion of Pablo Ver&oacute;n if the rest of the movie had weight.The movie was a terrible tease . Harry Dean Stanton with John Turturro in a Sally Potter film -- a must see ! Turns out it 's a mus n't see . A sentimental pastiche.Sally , get yer act together gal , your dad would n't go for this one .
 i personally find johnny depp and christina ricci to be not only excellent actors , but incredibly aesthetically pleasing , so i looked forward to renting this particular film . Some reviewers of `` The Man Who Cried '' argue that the talents of the starring actors saved an otherwise horrifying script , but i disagree ; not even sexual appeal could save this movie for me . i found the plot dull , difficult to follow , and unconvincing . if you adore these actors as i do , look elsewhere to fulfill your depp/ricci sweet tooth .
 Wow , I think I got suckered into buying this movie after reading some of the reviews which for the most part I really do n't agree with . One of the reviews said it was a feast . Sorry but I 'd honestly give it only a nibble . I was barely entertained to say the least , and I do n't know maybe it 's just me but as a huge Johnny Depp fan -LRB- which is the only reason I made the purchase -RRB- I have to say this was the only movie of his that I 've seen that I REALLY could have done without . I was pretty disappointed with this one . It was rather slow movie with a plot that seemed to aim at forms of prejudice , desperate times and desperate women . I really found no real enjoyment in it. , even with Depp featured . I have to give this one a thumbs down if you 're looking for a good weekend film . It just did n't grab me at all .
 I love Johnny Depp so I was excited to see this film . I did n't like the way the movie started right from the get go with a man playing hide-and-seek with his daughter , in some grassy depressing field ? Weird ! I had to get up and find things to do in the kitchen so when I came back Christina was in France and there was some annoying guy singing opera . He was doing a lot of singing . I do n't know who was crying but it should have been called `` The man who sings a lot '' . Johnny Depp was n't in the movie enough to be put on the cover . The ugly singing guy was really the one 's face they should have put on the cover . I was happy when the movie was finally over and I ca n't really tell you what it was about except for a Jewish girl who left Russia . Blah , blah , blah ... . I was about to cry myself to sleep.I 'm defiantly going to think twice before I buy a movie with a great cast . As an actor this is one movie I would 've done just for the money . It surely did n't make me think anything other than Johnny Depp is hot and how I dislike opera .
 GREAT CAST / HORRIBLE SCRIPT / LAUGHABLE PERFORMACES / A WASTE OF TIME , MONEY & FILM / THEY PUT SOO MUCH MAKEUP ON THE VERY BEAUTIFUL CATE BLANCHETT THAT SHE LOOKS LIKE CARNIVAL CLOWN & THAT IS SAD / DEPP LOOKS LIKE HE WANTS TO KILL SOMEBODY / RICCI PLAYS A RUSSIAN LITTLE ORPHAN ANNIE VIRGIN AND TURTURRO LIP SINGS OPERA AS A HORSE RELIEVES HIMSELF ON THE STAGE / SOUNDS LIKE A COMEDY BUT IT IS NOT / STAY CLEAR OF THIS DISASTER PLEASE .
 I looked forward to this film , but all together it is very not engaging at all . I love foreign films , and I 'm used to slow pace.But this one just went no where fast . The acting is good . Ricci is great , as is Depp as a quiet Gypsy . Blanchett is good , and Tuttorro even arouses a little sympathy , as an Italian nationalist . But all together this film is uneffecting . I did n't care about the charachters either way . It 's only saving grace is the touching ending , if you can make it that far .
 The back of the movie described it as a tale of `` passion , intrigue , and betrayal '' , though I was the one who felt betrayed . I was highly bored throughout the whole movie : A lot happens in this movie . It just all happens very ... oddly . There is very little dialouge . Scenes shift from people singing on stage to people staring at each silently to wandering around . Every time you expect some type of drama or excitement , the scene changes.While the movie progresses , we see different lives
 There is no plot , there is no character development , there are three men , all who cry at various points . This is quite possibly the worst movie to actually be released , which is quite an accomplishment considering the stregnth of the actors -LRB- Cate Blanchett , Christina Ricci and Johnny Depp -RRB- . Do n't waste your money !
 I rented this movie on recommendation from the trailer . The trailer looked very good , however the movie was abysmal . It was truly painful to see such fine actors so out of place . The story was extremely contrived and maudlin . I just could not finish it out . I watched the last half on forward . Everyone looks wonderful and the costumes and sets are outstanding . The plot reminded me of a Danielle Steele type short story .
 I rented this movie with no advance knowledge of it -- had n't read any reviews or talked to friends . Knew of Sally Potter 's reputation as an original and interesting filmmaker . But having now seen the whole sad thing , I wonder what she really meant to accomplish . These wonderful , skilled actors -- Ricci , Turturro , Blanchett , Depp , Stanton -- are forced to work with almost nothing in the way of a script -LRB- or direction ? -RRB- . Ricci and Depp are the least fortunate , since they are given almost nothing to say , either to each other or their colleagues . They do great work with a handful of deep , `` meaningful '' glances at each other , etc. , but we never really get to know them or develop sympathy for their characters . On the other hand , Turturro 's opera divo gets to talk a lot , but it 's all Standard Fascist Bigot Blather . You very soon want him to put a sock in it ! Surely there 's more to his character than that , and ditto for Cate Blanchett 's Russian gold-digger . I have to disagree strongly with the reviewers who praised this movie 's historical verisimilitude . In the central , pre-WW2 Paris section , I felt that the general atmosphere -LRB- visuals -RRB- , characters ' behavior , sequence of events , and more did NOT create a convincing picture of that time or place . The principals seem to wander about lost in their own immediate concerns , completely unaware of the rise of French fascism , of the danger posed by Hitler , etc. . Potter attempts to give us some sense of what is going on , with quick little tableaus showing innocent Jews being hauled off , property being burned . But these are handled in an almost abstract fashion , and it 's hard to relate them to the love quadrangle . Turturro 's `` prayer scene '' on the eve of the German invasion is ludicrously unbelievable , as is the apparent ease with which Blanchett 's character facilitates one of the last plot twists of the Paris episodes.Two stars go for the cinematography -LRB- not the editing however -RRB- and especially for the effective use of music . Golijov 's original score and also the opera arias , gypsy tunes , etc. , make a very effective mix -- they provide almost the only atmosphere and emotional input in the whole movie .
 Cain and Mabel are Clark Gable and Marion Davies in a 1936 romantic comedy about a prize fighter and a showgirl , from Warner Brothers and directed by Lloyd Bacon.Clark Gable -LRB- 1901-60 -RRB- was one of the biggest stars of the 20th century , and a pretty good actor to boot . He 's best remembered as Rhett Butler for `` GWTW '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , for which he received one of his three Oscar nominations -LRB- the other nomination was for 1935 's `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' and he won in 1934 for `` It Happened One Night '' -RRB- , but he gave us many memorable performances in films like `` Teachers ' Pet '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` But Not for Me '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- both of which earned him Golden Globe nominations . My favorite Gable flick is `` Run Silent Run Deep '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . In 1936 Gable was at the peak of his powers and in 1938 he was crowned `` King of Hollywood '' by his good friend Spencer Tracey . `` Cain and Mabel '' was his 32nd film . This was his second and final pairing with Marion Davies - they worked together on `` Polly of the Circus '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- . Marion Davies -LRB- 1897-1961 -RRB- is best known as the mistress of William Randolph Hearst . She started in silent films in 1916 and first worked for Hearst in 1918 . She moved between romantic comedies and lavish costume dramas , and when Hearst and Irving Thalberg quarreled , Hearst moved his Cosmopolitan Pictures from MGM to Warners , where this film was made . Following `` Cain and Mabel '' she made one more film in 1937 -LRB- `` Ever Since Eve '' -RRB- and then retired.The film co-stars Roscoe Karns as a publicity man and Allen Jenkins as Gable 's trainer.Roscoe Karns -LRB- 1891-1970 -RRB- was famous for his machine gun delivery , usually as the sidekick of the leading man . He 's best known for films like `` It Happened One Night '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , `` His Girl Friday '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , and `` Woman of the Year '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . Allen Jenkin 's -LRB- 1900-1974 -RRB- long face was seen in more than 100 films , often as a criminal , and including `` I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , `` Dead End '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , and `` The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- . He 's best known for his recurring role as Muggsy in `` The Red Skeleton Hour '' -LRB- 1954-62 -RRB- . Lloyd Bacon -LRB- 1889-1955 -RRB- directs . Bacon directed more than 100 films between 1922 and 1954 , the most famous of which are `` 42nd Street '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , `` A Slight Case of Murder '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` Brother Orchid '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , and `` Footsteps in the Dark '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . He was not typically known for any style , but as a working director who could make a film within budget and time constraints.The film has nothing to recommend it . The plot is downright silly and Marion Davies , at the end of a long career , seems disinterested in the role , despite how yummy Clark Gable appears . The public apparently agreed . Despite the presence of Gable , who appeared in the years ' # 1 and # 10 top grossing films -LRB- `` San Francisco '' and `` Wife vs. Secretary '' -RRB- , the film did n't do well at the box office and it received no major Academy Award nominations.Bear in mind , 1936 was a great year for films , with such memorable movies as Chaplin 's `` Modern Times '' , William Powell 's bravura performance in `` The Great Zigfield '' -LRB- winner of Best Picture and Best Actress -RRB- , Garbo 's `` Camille '' , Errol Flynn and Olivia deHaviland in `` Charge of the Light Brigade '' , and Cukor 's `` Romeo and Juliette '' in which a fading John Barrymore gave his last great performance . When measured against films like this , `` Cain and Mabel '' seems weak indeed .
 I saw the original movie `` Lily in Love '' and thought it was wonderful.So I bought the `` on demand '' DVD version of `` Lily in Love '' when I saw it on Amazon hoping to enjoy the movie again . I was quite dissatisfied and returned the item.The reasons were :1 . Several scenes were too dark to see well2 . It was hard to hear in some places3 . The speed of some frames either temporarily halted or sped up .4 . It did n't have all the scenes of the movie -LRB- it was like it was an `` edited for content '' TV version -RRB- .5 . The DVD cover sleeve also had grammer errors which led me to believe it was a `` home created '' movie.I still love the original full-length movie . Sadly , this product was not it .
 The Enemy Within is a very poor remake of Seven Days In May . Hard to replace actors like Kirk Douglas , Fredrick March and Bert Lancaster . Even still I felt the actors who were featured in Enemy Within were not up to the task . This is a great story and needs the proper cast to pull it off .
 There is absolutely nothing wrong about Martin Scorsese 's passionate , beautiful documentary . The problem is the DVD-R copy Amazon is selling because not only is this kind of disc going to wear out within a few viewings , but also it does not include Part 2 of the documentary . Watch out !
 Parts 1 and 3 of this documentary are excellent . If only Part 2 was included in this pressing , it would be worth 4 or 5 stars . Unfortunately I 'll never know . As an earlier reviewer noted , this version of the DVD comes with only 2 discs . When the first disc -LRB- more on this later -RRB- is inserted in a player , it presents a message stating `` to view Part 2 , turn this dvd over and play the other side '' . Ironically , it 's a single-sided disc with a printed label on the side you 're supposed to load to view Part 2 . Is part 2 on there hidden below a silk-screened label ? Who knows . Just to be sure I was n't crazy , I did what it said and of course neither disc could be read once flipped.To make things MORE annoying , the discs are mislabeled . Disc 1 is labeled Disc 2 , and vice versa . Awesome . So not only is the second part missing entirely -LRB- aparently about the director 's path to technical mastery - the main reason I wanted to view this series -RRB- but even the parts I got are n't easy to view.I 've returned this item twice . Once after getting the first copy and finding the problems stated , and once after getting a replacement with the exact same problems . Clearly Amazon has a bad batch of these dvds . Maybe they can tell Miramax about the issues and get a new shipment . Or maybe all of Miramax 's copies are also screwed up . Such a bummer .
 One of the episodes was missing , it said to play one of the CDs on the other side to access Part II but that did not work . It 's a three part set .
 I thought other reviewers had just had bad luck with this set . NOPE ! My second disc -LRB- part2 -RRB- is screwed up in several places not the least of which is 5 missing minutes toward the end . If I return it , I 'm sure the replacement will be the same . The thing that makes me most angry is that Amazon must know of this problem and continues to sell them .
 Never written a review before but I thought I should warn other potential Scorsese fans that this is a BURNED dvd-r , not the original official pressed DVD -LRB- that a friend has -RRB- . Some dvd players do not play these types of discs well , so please be aware of that -LRB- my Sony CD player does not play burned CDs , for example -RRB- . Also I should note that burned DVDs -LRB- like CDs -RRB- are not archival quality and do not last forever . So I really do n't feel like I 've purchased something that will sit in my collection and can be watched 20 years from now ... That 's only the beginning of the problems I had with this ... I was * very * excited to purchase this because I watched it years ago and it 's so inspiring hearing Scorsese talk about the films he grew up with that influenced him . I did not purchase this knowing that it 's a burned DVD , since from what I can see , there is only 1 line mentioning this and it 's squeezed in between a lot of information.I will say they did a nice job of the packaging . Definitely looks professional . The glue they used was kind of cheap , or something , because the plastic wrap actually stuck to the side of my DVD -LRB- i have a lot of discs at home and never had this ever happen -RRB- . When I put in ` disc 1 ' i was treated to `` part 3 '' of the film , which confused my friend and I. . . I then proceeded to put in ` disc 2 ' , which had the beginning of the film . Strike one.Strike two came when after viewing part 1 , we could NOT find part 2 of the film ! The original release of this DVD had part 1 and 2 on both sides of the disc , so the menu says to ` flip over the disc for part 2 ' . This release has printed stickers on both discs , thus part 2 is missing . so 1/3rd of the film is not present ... Also I should note that there were a few artifact errors in several places in the film . This is also a reflection of the DVD process -LRB- burned vs pressed -RRB- . If you 've ever burned your own DVD video discs , you 'll have seen this from time to time . Not a huge deal , but also not the quality you would be getting from a retail pressed release.Needless to say , I 'm trying to figure out how to get my money back and also will be actively looking for these `` DVD-R Note
 SOUND QUALITY ON TAPE NUMBER 1 . WAS HORRENDOUS , UNLISTENABLE ! TAPES 2 . AND 3 . WERE PERFECT . WISH YOU COULD SEND ME ANOTHER TAPE 1 .
 Amazon should step up to the plate and refund , replace or at least credit customers who purchased the defective 2 disc version of this great documentary . I purchased this dvd earlier this year but had seen my son 's version before so I did n't watch it right away . When I did try to watch it , I was more than pissed to find that it is missing Part 2 which is supposed to be on the flip side of Disc 1 . This is a defective dvd sold by Amazon and they should stand by their product regardless of when it was purchased .
 Amazon should step up to the plate and refund , replace or at least credit customers who purchased the defective 2 disc version of this great documentary regardless of when it was purchased . I purchased this dvd earlier this year but had seen my son 's version before so I did n't watch it right away . When I did try to watch it , I was more than perturbed to find that it is missing Part 2 which is supposed to be on the flip side of Disc 1 . This is a defective dvd sold by Amazon and they should stand by their product !
 I have never written a review for a product on Amazon before , but after my experience with this product I feel compelled to say something . I have been wanting to own a copy of this DVD set for several years now , and was delighted earlier in 2012 when I noticed that Amazon was distributing new copies , since it had been out-of-print for some time from Miramax and used copies were running upwards of $ 100.00 . Then it arrived in the mail
 There is so much that is logically wrong with this movie , that it defies description . To go into all of them would be tantamount to a list of spoilers for anyone who wants to see the movie . Let 's just ask
 Flawless , is a diamond-heist thriller set in 1960s London . The background , set and clothing was perfect for the time period.Demi Moore plays Laura , a bright , driven executive at the London Diamond Corporation who finds herself frustrated by a glass ceiling after years of faithful employment , as man after man is promoted ahead of her despite her greater experience . Michael Caine is Hobbs , the nighttime janitor there who is virtually invisible to the executives that work there , but over the years has amassed a startling amount of knowledge about how the company runs . Hobbs has his own bone to pick with London Diamond.The premise was a good one , but the film really was just so so . Some of it just seemed so far-fetched : SPOILER ALERTThey obviously were suspicious of Laura/Demi Moore , yet she climbs into the sewer with her business suit and high heels UNSEEN ???? And , Hobbs had all that extra time to get rid of all those diamonds ? I know it 's only a movie , but some things were just a bit over the top in my opinion .
 I 'll be generous and give this weak little film one star simply because it 's a pleasure to watch Michael Caine in anything - but `` Flawless '' is like watching him read the phone book . This is a terrible piece of work - an extremely uninteresting plot , groaningly unconvincing dialogue , a failure on every level.But the cherry on the curdled cream is the one and only Ms. Demi Moore , as wooden an actress as exists in the business . -LRB- Who else could make a film about strippers entirely UNsexy ? -RRB- Through the entire film she exhibits one facial expression , one verbal tone , one vacant stare.You 'd think a Caine film about diamond robbers would be entirely riveting , keeping you guessing at every turn but this lump of coal in the stocking barely keeps the viewer awake.HOT TIP - For the absolute best of the genre see David Mamet 's unheralded masterpiece `` Heist '' starring Gene Hackman . Not only is it brilliantly directed and edited but it 's Hackman 's crowning achievement and keeps your eyes nailed to the screen to the last second .
 This movie was a surprise . I found it hard to believe that such excellent actors could be part of such a shallow and affected movie . It felt like they were just so impressed with themselves that went through the motions.Don ' t bother .
 The heist thriller `` Flawless '' concerns not so much the planning and execution of a master crime as it does the scandalous hysteria that erupts in the wake of the theft of one-hundred million pounds worth of diamonds . `` Il Postino '' director Michael Radford and scenarist Edward Anderson have contrived a cold , antiseptic , humor-free , 1960 's period-piece thriller that is polished , pretty to look at , but ostensibly pallid . No , `` Flawless '' is neither `` Rififi '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- nor `` Topkapi '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- . `` Flawless '' wo n't make your palms perspire in dreadful anticipation . This is a heist movie where the organization is so corrupt itself that we do n't care if they get taken to the cleaners and if some of their leaders take a fatal plunge . The diamond company here acquires its stones under shady circumstances that the movie `` Blood Diamond '' explored with greater depth and melodrama.The two protagonists , Demi Moore and Michael Caine , are dish rag dull . We sympathize about their respective plights . He has a grief-stricken history involving a wife who died from cancer fifteen years ago owing to hospital insurance complications , and she is an 18-year executive at the Diamond company whose gender works against her in a man 's world . The two have struggled their entire lives against an unfair system . Women will lament the sexual discrimination with which the heroine contends , and the casting of Demi Moore is apt , since she starred in the Michael Douglas movie `` Disclosure '' about reverse sexual discrimination in the workplace . Michael Caine is n't capable of giving a bad performance . Indeed , his lowly , blue collar , Al Capp custodian is probably the only thing flawless about `` Flawless . '' Attention-deficient audiences will tire of this painstaking exercise in larceny . `` Flawless '' opens appropriately enough with African-American hands dredging up uncut diamonds from mother earth , and Radford traces the passage that the stones make from anonymity to radiate gems set in a ring on a woman 's hand . Indeed , it 's a nice way to open a film , but `` Flawless '' is rather tame as heist thrillers go , and the scrupulous attention to detail that distinguishes this tale becomes tiresome . The plot shifts gears from this opening to a present day sequence in London with an elderly Laura Quinn -LRB- Demi Moore of `` G.I. Jane '' -RRB- sitting down for an interview about being a role model business woman . The moment that she says she has n't been in London for 40 years is a red herring to make us think that something else happened . Unfortunately , this misdirection yields little in the way of anxiety . Radford transport us back to the 1960s and we see the stuffed shirts that Quinn works with as the only female executive at the London Diamonds Corporation . A smart , successful , Oxford-educated American she is butting her well-coiffed head against a glass ceiling . She strikes up an unlikely acquaintance with Mr. Hobbs -LRB- Michael Caine of `` The Italian Job '' -RRB- who sees all and knows all as a custodian . People speak freely around him because they discount him as a nobody . Hobbs warns Quinn at one point that she is about to be sacked and she confirms his information in a delightful little sequence.Hobbs engineers a scheme to steal diamonds . An amusing sequence takes place early in the action when he invites Quinn to a cinema to discuss the plan during a showing of the classic crime caper `` The League of Gentlemen '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- with Jack Hawkins and Richard Attenborough . This movie effectively establishes a time reference . Meanwhile , the Corporation installs security surveillance cameras that cycle in 60 second blocks to keep track of all corridors including the one in front of a huge vault door . This obstacle presents a challenge that keeps Hobbs on his toes , but overall it works to the detriment of the firm . The flaw is that when the Hobbs character effects entry into the vault , the security guard is so preoccupied with his culinary distractions that he takes his eyes off the security monitors far too long . Meanwhile , Quinn has to scramble from one phone booth to another to make a call that will continue to distract the guard . It seems that in her haste to make the first call , she overlooked the fact that the phone cord had been cut ! In the long run , her contribution is disposable . The suspense that Radford generates is mild . Again , it is n't the technology that thwarts the crime as much as the foibles of human nature . Hobbs cleans the place out and the bosses are shocked when they discover their entire inventory has vanished.Later , after the crime has occurred and a well-dressed investigator , Finch -LRB- Lambert Wilson -RRB- , has been summoned to investigate it , Radford tries to build tension between an anxious Quinn and an obdurate Hobbs . Hobbs refuses to give in . Cigarette puffing Quinn hangs on tenterhooks and fears the prospect of a lengthy prison sentence . Indeed , one breathless moment takes place after the robbery , but unless you are on your toes , you may overlook it . Eventually , in the post-mortem of the crime that Radford presents during the final quarter , we learn how Hobbs disposed of all that ice without lugging it out the door . Unfortunately , the filmmakers must have gambled that their reticence about the whereabouts of the missing stones would tantalize us . It does n't . Meanwhile , we watch without worry as Quinn runs amok with mild-mannered hysteria trying to find the stones . Hobbs keeps his head in this crisis and comes off as the harmless , old duffer that he pretends , right down to his limp . No , he is n't like the villain of `` The Usual Suspects '' who was a chameleon . The other revelation about what our heroine has been doing for the last forty years is bittersweet . `` Flawless '' refuses to let you have your cake and enjoy it , too . In other words , it is n't a lot of fun .
 Even though The independence movement in Puerto Rico is small -LRB- 5 % -RRB- ... they are dominant in the arts . So here you have a movie that uses the Vietnam war to push it 's pro-independence , anti-american agenda.Aside from that , the movie is clumsily directed , badly acted and the dialogue is contrived , to say the least.All in all , a complete waste of time .
 B O R I N G ! ! ! What more can I say . After the third segment you will wish you had your money back !
 Ok , so Renting movies isnt very well known anymore but still , I wouldnt rent this movie much less buy it . Thankfully my friend bought it and all I had to do was watch . Well we both are Horror movie officianados or whatever you consider a Horror Nerd and neither of us found anything about this movie likeable . It was horrible . Simply Put . Horrible . Dont ever buy it . Download it for free or something if you HAVE to . But otherwise forget it .
 This movie is AWFUL , the acting is HORRIBLE , the sets are really AMATEURISH , the gore and blood level is high but so FAKE LOOKING that i really did n't care ... and did i mention the acting ? Oh , i did . . well it 's 80 % of why i almost could n't finish off watching this movie.Ok , enough with the insults . . there are some good things about this film that i ACTUALLY liked !! - THE STORY ... original but couldv ' e been better with a bigger budget , different producers , and sorry Canada . . but maybe a US film studio filming it.-THE GIRLS ... while most were good-looking , they were also very annoying especially the japanese host and the female contestants.-THE FRIEND - Yes , i knew someone in this film -LRB- Jerry , he played the character `` RICK '' -RRB- that was kinda strange seeing that i bought the film without knowing he was in it . Hmmm ... maybe he did n't anyone to know!So that 's it , you 've been warned !!!
 worst acting EVERstupid . a total waste , dont even rent this !
 Let me start by saying I bought this movie according to the reviews . Everybody tried to tell me how great it was . Well it 's not ! I wish hell I stayed away . Let start with the plot it could have been good but they screwed it up . It about a Japanese reality show where contestants race for their life for big money while being chased by really silly characters . The acting was very weak and the quality of gore was just to fake . Not to mention the film quality was just like some home video style . No matter what people say about this just back away from this one because the hype does not fit the film .
 This is probably one of the worst western videos I have ever seen.The story is pathetic and the acting the same , the location did not seem authentic and was based in a very small area . It is very sad that creative people like Suzanne De Passe and Larry McMurtry can be connected to something as poor as this . There , is of course , no comparison with the rest of the Lonsome Dove Collection which were superb . I think the only way the above two people can make amends for this is to make an epic film of `` Comanche Moon '' with real top actors and so finish the Lonesome Dove Collection .
 1 -RRB- to behave just like Cera -LRB- or in other words -- like a brat -RRB- 2 -RRB- to head-butt -LRB- think
 Was wondering why the behavior and grammar of my two kids has plummeted recently . This film is awful Me no let them watch it anymore !
 I 've enjoyed the eight previous Land Before Time adventures , but not this one . Rent it before you buy it . I 'm glad I did . I feel the animation and dialogue are not as good as others , the voices are different and more irritating , and Cera is more negative than usual . I realize that this review is also negative and may not get many helpful votes from readers ... but really , I 'm not criticizing just to criticize . Rent before you buy .
 My grandma got this for me yesterday and I thought it was stupid , boring , and just right down dumb . I mean , Why bring back `` The big water '' . It was stupid the first time but now it 's really dumb . Littlefoot 's voice has cracked more than 3 times , Cera is just a pain-in-the-butt , Ducky is having a serious speech impedement , Petrie is still referring to himself in third-person , and this dumb-as-a-doorknob shark named Mo is really getting annoying . I do n't know why people keep putting great reviews about this . If you ask me , the first movie was bad enough but this going way to far .
 Sorry but ever since the 7th one was made the company made pretty bad sequils , I once the 12th one aproves the whole series . I just think they need new writers on the set , I have some pretty good ideas ...
 Please stop these horrid cheapquels . The animation & songs are increasingly horrible with each sequel . The original movie in this series is a classic -LRB- which I 'd buy in a heartbeat if it was offered in widescreen -RRB- . As soon as Don Bluth passes away he will begin turning over in his grave . Children over the age of 5 -LRB- unless they have had a lobotomy -RRB- will leave the room if you put any of the sequels in your dvd player .
 The children in this dvd struck us as providing a terrible example of tone of voice and attitude . We bought this for our grandson , but could not give it to him . Kids often copy what they see and hear . The choice of songs seems good -LRB- we could not stand to listen to much of it , however -RRB- and I felt bad tossing it in the trash and was moved to warn others of the problem .
 Do n't bother ! The young boy says `` Holy S *** '' and the dad says `` d *** '' within the first 20 minutes alone ! Besides the language , the concept of centerfolds and scantily clad circus performers appear for no reason at all . The parents of this boy are horrendous . There were no redeeming qualities to this movie . I recycled ours -LRB- could n't even bring myself to subject anyone at Goodwill to own it ! -RRB- . If you think I 'm just being overprotective , then skip it simply for the extremely bad acting . No matter how you look at it , it is bad Bingo !
 This movie was purchased for my 3 year old daughter for her birthday . Being in the Disney section and my child being a dog lover , this movie seemed ideal for her.Once we popped the video in the dvd player , we were appalled by the use of language by the 10ish year old star of the movie . Not to mention the other harsh language and hand gestures made by the two brothers.The plot/story line -LRB- if you think it has one -RRB- was not well developed , barely made sense and was downright idiotic . It also is violent at times with shootings and robbers making crude comments to his private areas . What was Cindy Williams thinking ??? Just when you did n't think the movie can get any worse - IT DOES!The dog was so smart and one of the best parts of the movie . The absolute best part of this movie was THE END . I would not recommend this to anyone unless you want to waste your time and have your kids be exposed to filthy mouths.Poor Lassie is probably rolling over in his grave ... ! No stars from me for this flick !!!
 This movie will only be appreciated by the youngest of crowds ... so WHY ALL THE BAD LANGUAGE ? It 's touted as a `` Family '' film . . what family would want to sit around watching little kids cuss and give each other the finger?Maybe it 's for an older audience ? Ummm ... no . The dog drives a car , has a one night stand , testifies in court , gets a nasal membrane transplant -LRB- b/c his smeller has worked too hard -RRB- , administers CPR ... Need I go on ? Oh ... and he spends much of the movie tracking down his human friend who has left him a URINE trail to follow . No wonder his smeller needs to be replaced .
 I do n't even know where to begin . This movie is nothing -- and I mean nothing -- you 'd want your kids to watch , no matter how old they are.Kids and adults in this movie swear , flip the bird and insult each other . The entire `` joke '' of a family that would wait out a night before looking for their lost child gave my son nightmares , and he 's 10 years old . The flashback to a fire that killed the dog 's mother frightened him and the dark plot that centers around an eatery that turns dogs into dogmeat utterly horrified both of us . We turned the movie off after 15 minutes and threw it away . I would n't regift this DVD to my worst enemy .
 Violent , coarse , and unredeeming . Not for children of any age . If you want your children to learn to pronounce F**K , S ** T , P ** S , C ** P and other expletives , -- this is the movie for you !
 This movie was purchased for my 3 year old daughter for her birthday . Being in the Disney section and my child being a dog lover , this movie seemed ideal for her.Once we popped the video in the dvd player , we were appalled by the use of language by the 10ish year old star of the movie . Not to mention the other harsh language and hand gestures made by the two brothers.The plot/story line -LRB- if you think it has one -RRB- was not well developed , barely made sense and was downright idiotic . It also is violent at times with shootings and robbers making crude comments to his private areas . What was Cindy Williams thinking ??? Just when you did n't think the movie can get any worse - IT DOES!The dog was so smart and one of the best parts of the movie . The absolute best part of this movie was THE END . I would not recommend this to anyone unless you want to waste your time and have your kids be exposed to filthy mouths.Poor Lassie is probably rolling over in his grave ... ! No stars from me for this flick !!!
 Very disapointed at first . Very biased against the south . The first half hour talked how slavery was the cause of the civil war not states rights . Also it never mentions that the north also had slavery until the early 1800 's and that the slave traders that brought the slaves in , in the first place where from the north . Some information is good but do n't belive everthing that is said .
 Well , this just goes to show you , Yankee revisionists are still trying to make the South out to be the greatest evil the world has ever seen . I 'm surprised to not hear the comparison between the CSA and Nazi Germany . To get a much more clear history of the War for Southern Independence , try `` The Civil War
 For the names that are in it I expected a lot more than what I got . This movie gives the false image that lake boat sailors are lazy , drunk , foul mouthed and in several cases severely mentaly ill . I guess as a former great lakes sailor I found the movie offensive . I do n't know where the writer got these ideas but it was n't on any boat I worked on ! P.S. . The movie would be a lot better if it had a plot !
 I live in Burbank and thought I 'd view it for fun . It 's , well -- what can I say ? The title kind of tells it all . It 's a comedy about girls with big fangs and big ... well ...
 Lonesome Dove is possibly the most brilliant western movie in history . Return to Lonesome Dove was a sequel that , while lacking in the chemistry between Gus and Call , continued aptly the story begun in the original . Having never read any of McMurtry 's books , I understand his response to having no creative input into the sequel . Therefore , I was excited to see Streets of Laredo and McMurtry 's version of what really happened . I have never been more disappointed in a movie since Halloween 3 . In his passion to distance the strory from Return , McMurry succeeds at destroying any continuity between Lonesome Dove and Streets of Laredo . I will list some of my disapointments between Lonesome Dove -LRB- LD -RRB- and Streets of Laredo -LRB- SL -RRB- . Here are some of the questions raised but not answered in SL .1 . What happened to the ranch in Montana ? Why is there no mention why at Call is now a lawman in Texas or why others from the Hat Creek Cattle Co. now live in Texas ? 2 . Why do characters from LD now have radically different personalities ? -LRB- Call no longer a visionary but a `` killer '' who makes careless and downright stupid mistakes , Pea a much younger and brighter family man , Lorie now a headstrong and overbearing wife with no dreams of San Francisco -RRB- 3 . Why do flashbacks suggest that it was Pea , not Gus , that rode with Call some 20 to 30 years earlier ? 4 . Why is there a downplay of character interaction that occured in LD?These are all I can mention without revealing plot points , however , there are many , many more . Possibly these questions were answered in the book -LRB- and I would hope so -RRB- . If that is true , the movie 's failure is again illuminated.I truly wish there had been at least some consistency in characters and story between the two movies but there is not . Lonesome Dove is still a masterpiece and Streets of Laredo is a dismal failure
 If you read my other reviews you will see I am one of the biggest fans of Lonesome Dove and even Return to Lonesome Dove . But Streets of Laredo is nothing like Lonesome Dove except for the names . Call a bounty hunter give me a break . But what is even crazier than that is Lorena married to Pea Eye . I think Larry made this so far out there to get back at Hollywood for their movie . What he did n't realize was he was hurting the fans who loved Lonesome Dove so much with this stupid ending . Any true fan of Larry 's Lonesome Dove has to know this was not the way he had envisioned this to end when he wrote Lonesome Dove . Very disappointed in Larry 's ending , give me Return To Lonesome Dove any day of the week .
 Lonesome Dove was awesome , a wonderful movie . BUT this time it was like , veryone was , `` poor pitiful me '' not to mention the over acting on Sissy ' part . Sorry I just felt that this series deserved a much better ending .
 I had hoped that this sequel might be up to par with the incredible , original `` Lonesome Dove '' which , in my opinion , is one of the best westerns ever made . It is not . It is a waste of film . To call this movie ordinary is being extremely kind . I do n't know who cast this movie but they should have let Mox Mox , another ` man burner ' set the guy ablaze . James Garner seems very out of place here and Ned Beatty playing Judge Roy Bean is ridiculous . Do n't waste your time with this one , rewatch the original .
 Tape was supposed to be good condition . Was in good condition , but a poor copy It 's a copy by ARTISAN Marked -LRB- duplicated in extended play -RRB- It 's a copy from a three tape set , and done on cheap short ribbon type tape . Has poor quality color and a lot of blurr . I wo n't return it , but I wo n't buy anymore . Sellers should watch what they are trying push to the public . LH
 If this were a stand alone movie it would be passable at best but as a part of Lonesome Dove it is as poor as it can get . P all of a sudden is 10 years younger although Call is an old man with a totally different personality . Lori was last known to be living in San Francisco yet all of a sudden she is married to P with children . Not only that she is portrayed as a rough and tough western gal which Lori was far from that . They speak as Mox Mox was always a part of LD which he was n't . Call is suppose to be an expert tracker yet he falls for Joey 's hobbled horse trap like someone who has never been on the frontier at all . Then the ultimate insult is him having a rotted leg like Gus . The only difference is his is cut off and he lives . There is nothing in this movie that remotely correlates it to Lonesome Dove except 3 names not 3 characters . Pretty poor all the way around ! I will say this . I like James Garner as Call better than Jon Voight but other than that Return To Lonesome Dove at least follows the storyline and a much better movie all the way around ! If they insist on making sequels they could at least follow the storylines of the previous movies .
 The movie has a great cast ... but a great cast can not do anything with a poorly written script and poor directing . There seemed to be confusion on whether this was going to be a serious adult western or a light hearted comedy western . The characters had no depth and were very uninteresting . Some of the characters were totally ridiculous . Lonesome Dove was a great movie ... Street of Laredo should never have been made .
 Great story ; Loneswome Dove is one of my favorite Western series ever . I was desperate to see it again and could n't find it at a reasonable price in DVD . Sadly , I forgot about the old ` SLP ' format they used to use to get hours and hours on one tape . Cheap . This results in incredibly bad picture resolution and tracking - especially when purchased used . I hope to donate this copy to a school for the visually impaired as soon as I can find a reasonably priced DVD version .
 Very disappointing . Lonesome Dove is one of the greatest movies of all times . I had hopes the follow up would be close to the same but it lacked in every way . The cast is not nearly as good and the movie is just tiring all the way through . It drags and does not live up to Lonesome Dove .
 If you enjoyed the grace and nuances of the story in Lonesome Dove -- as well as the excellent character portrayal -- do n't see this one . If you like killing after gory killing , here you go .
 Mr. McMurtry what in the WORLD were you thinking about when you wrote this series ?? There is almost not one thing believable in it . Pea Eye marrying Lorena ? Are you kidding me ?? Please everyone . Go back for a few minutes and look at Pea Eye in the original series . Especially toward the end where he is with the dying Gus and his long walk before he is found by the group . Then watch Lorena for a few minutes at almost any time during the series . I 'll wait.Is it in any way believable to you?Now you tell me Mr. McMurtry , do you think that your storyline believable even to you?Pea Eye is a blithering idiot ! He is a ruined man after his walk in the wild ! Now marry him off to the gorgeous Lorena that EVERY man wants ?? Sorry , but I think Mr McMurtry was so angry after viewing Return To Lonesome Dove , -LRB- Which I think is quite good and a Shakespearean MASTERPIECE next to this bit -RRB- he intentionally went about destroying the whole series.Just my 2 bits .
 Streets of Loredo is terrible ! I have never been so dissappionted in a movie in all my life . James Garner does not give Woodrow Calls character justice , neither does Sissy Spacek as Lorena . In my opinion they trashed a great novel by McMurtry .
 Judge Roy Bean shoulda hung the fools that tried in vain to make this movie . If you 've seen Lonesome Dove you 'll be sorely disappointed by this futile effort to turn a McMurtry novel into a film . James Garner rates maybe 2 stars for his effort as Capt. Woodrow Call . This movies gives off a terrible odor from the start to finish . The star actors must have hungry when offered this script .
 I purchased this movie as a gift for a relative who is hearing impaired . The DVD has no subtitle option nor closed captioned . Poor quality .
 This was a total mess of a movie . It almost seems unfair to judge it by the original Lonesome Dove except that it is supposed to be a sequel . Where the original was brilliant in just about every way , this is lacking . It is BAD . Captain Call is a totally different character here . I know he 's older but c'mon ... I had hoped that this sequel might be up to par with the incredible , original `` Lonesome Dove '' which , in my opinion , is one of the best westerns ever made . It is not . It is a waste of film . To call this movie ordinary is being extremely kind . I do n't know who cast this movie but they should have let Mox Mox , another ` man burner ' , set the guy ablaze . James Garner seems very out of place here . Where Tommy Lee Jones was brilliantly stoic , James Garner just seems to be kind of lost . He 's out of his depth here . Do n't waste your time with this one , rewatch the original .
 Lonesome Dove is the greatest TV miniseries of all time . In my eagerness to watch a similar work of pure genius , I was sorely disappointed by this offering . This production is plagued by a myriad of problems that made it difficult to watch.The casting is almost all wrong . The actor who played Joey Garza is laughable . In one scene , Garza is at the barber getting a shave . Give me a break ! This kid barely has two hairs on his chest . He has never needed a shave in his life . I know Joey Garza is supposed to be a boy , but I have seen several five-year-olds that look scarier than him . His weak scowl did n't suspend my disbelief a second.Two other casting decisions I had particular problems with were Randy Quaid and James Garner . Randy Quaid is just not convincing as a gunslinger -LRB- maybe I watched too many National Lampoon movies -RRB- . I could n't take him seriously.Now I love James Garner , but he did not capture the character of Captain Call . Granted , Tommy Lee Jones is an impossible act to follow , but surely someone could have come close to that performance . I do n't buy James Garner as the somber , hard-as-nails ranger.Casting choices aside , this DvD suffers most from an inept screenplay . As one reviewer has already properly noted , the Mox Mox side story was slapped together . Why did they even bother with it?In one scene with Randy Quaid , he is shocked to learn that Captain Call has been sent after Garza , but not ten seconds later he informs us that Famous Shoes is leading Call to the killer . `` Hey , I did n't know Call was coming , but I know that Famous shoes is leading him here ! '' Not only is much of the dialogue idiotic , but also many of the character 's actions make no sense at all.For instance , why would you carry so many men off with you to hunt down Garza only to have them sit while you run off to tackle a gang of bandits alone ? Why would an affirmed coward march off to certain death instead of just hiding out for one more night ? Why would two drunkards say nothing as Sissy Spacek walks off with a near full bottle of whiskey when she had only asked to share a drink with them?I imagine Spacek needed that whiskey after she realized what a stinker she was involved in . If you are determined to watch this production , I suggest you do so with a bottle of whiskey . You will need it .
 Imagine taking the worst of the Spaghetti Westerns , give it an illustrious cast -LRB- James Garner , SamShepard , Sissy Spacek , and on and on -RRB- and poura heavy dose of gore , rape , and an endless streamof meaningless sadistic violence
 A ton of violence that does nothing to improve the already lame story line of this prequel . I 'm amazed that this was authored by McMurtry after comparing it to the TV Lonesome Dove with Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones . Even the sequal - Return to Lonesome Dove authored by another blows this away with enjoyment and character development . Do n't waste your time or money !
 This is a really cute story about the relationship between a father -LRB- Peter Falk -RRB- who is a mobster just released from prison who meets his daughter for the first time . It 's a comedy with some foreseeable events but it 's the performances that are fun to watch . Falk is terrific . Weist is lovingly hilarious as the `` oversexed '' mistress and mother of the daughter . Brenda Vacarro is wonderfully funny in a campy role as the wife . But Adrian Pasdar as the daughter 's love interest and `` young sidekick , mobster wannabe '' is usually the perfect foil for the rest of the other outrageous , campy roles . Pasdar charmingly steals the scenes . Even though he is often the `` straight man '' in this comedy , he manages to play the comedic parts very well and is as funny as the more seasoned actors . Though dated -LRB- the daughter is a `` Madonna wannabe '' -RRB- it is a truly fun ride .
 It is a given that this movie is not the same type of movie that Scott Glenn did previous to it . Then again , not many movies ca n't compare to `` Silence of the Lambs . '' After the first 15 minutes or so this movie becomes a lot better . Once Glenn finds himself on the Navajo Indian Reservation he becomes the typical fish out of water type character as he looks to return to Los Angeles with a suspected murderer , much like Val Kilmer 's FBI character in `` Thunderheart . '' Even that movie is far and above better than `` Shadow Hunter , '' but do not let this discourage you . It is a good rental , and you may never watch it again , but the mystical aspect of Native-American culture will suck you in . Enjoy !
 This movie is not to be seen if you do n't have a respectful mind . I , a native that comes from the Dineh -LRB- Navajo -RRB- Nation do not think this was appropiate to make for money or for any reason at all . It 's very desrespectful to Indigenous People and most importantly to our elderly ones , that have suffered the most , to find out that we 'd let something like this happen .
 Once again Grateful Dead Productions produces a release where the bonus material trumps the main body of work . Why not release all of the 1987 performance ?? The energy in Hey Pocky Way alone eclipses all of 6/16/90 . The bonus material shows the Dead full of energy , playing with zeal and having fun and this is what we love to SEE and seeing how this is a VIEW from the vault you would think that would play into what they choose to release . If you want to see the Grateful Dead as you remember them then this is worth it for the bonus material only . If you want to see the Grateful Dead as your friends or relatives who `` dont get it '' saw them , then watch the 1990 material .
 A decent setlist is ruined by a lackluster performance and a subpar audio/lead vox mic job . The jam/space bit is quite good , though . Caveat emptor ...
 I watched this film over three days , and each time I fell asleep . It 's the most boring film I have seen this year!Normally , I would n't have bought this film with that title , but I was seduced by the price and good reviews . For me , it was a waste of money and time .
 I triedTo watch this movie six or seven times . It would not stream for me . I worked with amazon to resolve this problem , it did not work . I cancelled amazon prime .
 Speaking as a Protestant , I ca n't say that I agree with the concept of this film.Most of it is based more on Catholic kind of beliefs.So if you 're a Catholic ... enjoy.But , if you 're a born-again Christian Protestant like me , you 'll probally would n't like this neither .
 This classic stands up well . There are some nice additions to this BR-Disc such as interviews from the time the movie was made which are a little haunting when Patrick Swayze appears for his insight . So , the special features are enough to lure you in more about this movie and it 's background.The Blue Ray transfer either could have been better or it was as good as it was going to get . The clarity is soft -LRB- but improved from the DVD version -RRB- and blacks are okay . The color match up well but are not instant by first notice . The audio is decent as well . So , if you are interested for Blue Ray reasons ? It is a nice investment to your collection ongoing or just starting out.But , I strongly suggest to first check out either -LSB- ... -RSB- or Blue Ray Digest for a more well thought out review of this classic .
 ... the DVD information indicates that the audio is in spanish ; however , after I received it I have realized that it is not including this audio option.I think Amazon should review the information for the movies to indicate only the real options , this way one can be sure about the purchase .
 This movie has all the ingredients for a truly beautiful movie , but they just never mix . I 'm quite a fan of the `` Ghostly/Eternal love '' theme , but this movie just ca n't compare with the great movies of that genre such as Always , A guy named joe and the best of them all , Gene Tierney , and Rex Harrison 's The Ghost an Mrs. Muir -LRB- 1947 -RRB-
 Whoopy Cushion , uh , Goldberg is very funny in GHOST but beyond her , the film 's entertainment value plummets . Why ? Demi Moore 's character is so darn stupid . The scene that blew it for me
 No need to worry . While Swayze 's characteristically vacant performance as a murdered Manhattan yuppie who follows his girlfriend forlornly around their apartment may have spoiled * Ghost * 's chances for greatness beyond recall , they were never very good to begin with . As a romance , it 's admirable only for the ease and swiftness with which it dispatches any hope of a happy ending
 Whoopi Cushion , uh , Goldberg , is very funny in GHOST . But beyond Whoopi , the film 's entertainment value plummets . Why ? Demi Moore 's character is so darn stupid ! The scene that blew it for me
 This movie is comically bad - the writing , acting , directing are all atrocious . Hard to believe it got any Academy Award nominations . Whoopi was the least-bad part of the film . Not worth watching .
 this film is very average.the story takes on more than it has answers for.it has n't aged well at all.Demi Moore & Patrick Swayze have no real Chemistry.also Demi is a weak actress & Swayze is a Average actor at best.Whoopi Goldberg gets a Toekn Appearence & Award for this so/so film .
 I remember when the trailers first came out I was so excited that what appeared to be a beautiful romance was soon on it 's way.To give Whoopi Goldberg a best supporting actress award for this trite and juvenile performance in lieu of her absolutely monumental portrayal of Celie in The Color Purple is to me just a reflection of the stupidity and superficiality of the viewing public and the academy in general.The film was incredibly predictable and not particulary romantic . If you want to view a quality fanciful romance I suggest that you check out Somewhere in Time with Jane Seymour and Christopher Reeve .
 What could be better than a romantic ghost story ? GHOST begins as a humorous romantic fantasy about `` Sam '' -LRB- Patrick Swayze -RRB- and his sweetheart , Molly , played by the attractive Demi Moore . Sam is shot and killed during a robbery gone bad and finds himself unable to part mortality . Things become more interesting when Sam 's best friend Carl -LSB- Tony Goldwyn -RSB- is revealed to be a swindling good-for-nothing crook who becomes a threat to Molly . To make things worse , Sam learns his good buddy was the one who arranged for the robbery in which he was killed . Although no harm was supposed to come to him , Sam had proprietary business information that was valuable to his buddy . As a newbe to the ghost community , Sam finds that he ca n't touch or move anything in the mortal world , nor can he communicate , except through a medium played by Whoopi Goldberg . Eventually , he finds another ghost -LRB- on a subway -RRB- who teaches him how to move and throw things . At this point the movie bogs down as Sam begins some first class haunting . Part of the paranormal world of spirits rests on subtly , which flies right out the window . Finally Sam manages to fight and beat up Carl , who has a fatal accident . The hounds of hell appear and whisk him off after he mumbles , `` Sam ? '' and turns to see his body lying in the window . After that , Sam appears as a luminous being who says goodbye and walks into the light.The writers of this film would have done well to study `` after death '' experiences chronicled by Raymond Moody , Elizabeth Kubler-Ross and George G. Ritchie , not to mention many `` paranormal '' accounts , many of which suggest that spirits are under certain restrictions in how they can act . As far as I know , there are no `` fights '' between spirits and mortals , and the writers of GHOST could have brought this to a much better close . I would have personally liked to have seen Carl hauled away in handcuffs , as Sam kept his distance as a spirit.GHOST had a great beginning , but soon digressed into a maudlin series of unlikely events that ruined the movie . -LRB- Some may say the whole thing was unlikely , and that life after death was particularly unlikely , but that 's for each person to say . -RRB-
 It 's unfortunate when a good story line has to involve so much swearing . Not anything I can sit down with even teenagers to watch .
 I cant believe all the people who are slamming this movie for bad acting or miscasting . Its a wonderful movie and demi moore and patrick swayze do great.Whoopi gives her oscar winning performance in force as a psychic who helps the ghostly swayze avenge his murder.I couldnt believe the user who commented that they wish they could go back in time and recast with nicole kidman and jason patric as the leads - WRONG . now that would be moronic recasting esp jason patric ? who the hell is he ? some beverly hills 90210 punk and nicole kidman would not pass for the sweatshirt type woman period . great movie ignore the naysayers
 For the longest time all I could remember about this film was that the villain 's name was Willie Lopez . I had a dog named Lopez , so it was hard not to associate the two . I also remember that my French teacher in high school for some reason loved Ghost -LRB- although he called it The Ghost -RRB- and announced one day that we would all watch Ghost and all benefit and learn from it because it was such a fabulous and otherworldly film . I , for one , laughed throughout . Parts that were supposed to be romantic , loving , touching , or otherwise emotional were so contrived that it was not credible . Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze are two of the worst actors in modern cinema . Swayze particularly lacks the depth and talent necessary to convey the kind of love he supposedly feels and definitely lacks the depth to convey the level of frustration he feels when he is dead but has unfinished business to take care of . Tony Goldwyn and Whoopi Goldberg are the two best things about the movie . Goldwyn as the ultimate villain , Carl , who orchestrated Swayze 's murder and tries then to seduce Moore . Goldberg won an Oscar for her portrayal of a psychic who never actually believed she had psychic powers until Swayze 's ghost came along and convinced her to help him catch and punish Carl and save Molly -LRB- Demi Moore -RRB- . People who like really sappy love stories and far fetched tales will appreciate this film . In fact many people like it . It is a crowd pleaser , but it was too idiosyncratic for me .
 En su momento no la vi en el cine , y la verdad es que por suerte asi fue . Realmente me parece una pelicula tipica de Hollywood , exagerada en todos los aspectos , no tiene ese toque sutil que veo en `` Always '' , por ejemplo , la pelicula equivalente de Spielberg . Dejando de lado algunas escenas , como por ejemplo la clasica en la que Demi Moore hace alfareria , es una cinta para ver si no hay otra cosa en cable , pero si aparece algo un poco mejor , no dudo en hacer zapping , y por supuesto que no la alquilariia y menos la compraria .
 This is an embarrassing movie . The plot is hackneyed , one big cliche after another . The acting just insipid.Don ' t get me wrong . I 'm a fairly romantic guy . This movie does n't do it It 's just dreadful . Somebody , please , make Patrick Swayze go away.If you want to see a great romantic movie that features lost lovers returning from the grave to comfort and aid their enamoratta , check out the contemporaneous British film `` Truly , Madly , Deeply . ''
 At first view , this movie should be looked at as one of the greatest romantic movies of all times . But then it 's not.The movie is about a man who was murdered , then returns as a ghost because he still loved his girlfriend and wanted to catch his killer . If you could ignore the fact that there is no ghost , then perhaps you 'll get over the first hurdles of this movie . But if you 're one does not believe that there is such a thing as a ghost , then the movie is simply nothing but mindless entertainment.The director of this movie , it seems , was confused as to whether this movie should be a comedy , a romance or a drama type movie . Because of that , all the elements were incorporated together and that ruined the movie . The humor in the movie was dry , the romance cheesy and the dramatic elements were anything but . As one person wrote , by the middle of the movie , we already knew what would happen next and who the murderer was.This movie also lacks one other element -- logic . For any logical person who could think critically , this movie should be very painful to watch . Nothing they do in the movie makes any sense.For those who are thinking about watching this movie as a movie date -- please do n't bother . It 's a waste of money , fake tears and if you end up liking the movie , your date * if your date is at all smart * , will laugh at you for being superstitious , sophomoric and stupid .
 this whole movie was a mistake.its really a love story between demi moore who once played a lesbian and patrick swayzee who dresses up like a girl and dances.one of them gets killed.its ol pat and then whoopi goldberg lets them make out and god knows what else using her medium body.itll probably scare the kids.there are no sequels thank god.i dont understand how anybody could like this movie.its stupid.its emotional if you forgot your meds.theres 2 chicks.demi moore whose rather overated as a sex symbol and the extremely racist and hateful whoopi goldberg whose not at all attracvtive.on a up note , all whoopis movies are worse.all patricks movies are worse and demis got gi jane and a small part in batman returns that outrank this autrocity .
 The Johnson County War is a great subject for an authentic Western , and Hallmark 's track record -LRB- plus Larry McMurtry 's pen -RRB- would seem to bode well for this production . Unfortunately it 's not very good , despite magnificent scenery and adequate performances by Tom Berenger & Michelle Forbes . Rachel Ward steals her few brief scenes , but Burt Reynolds 's acting is almost as garish as his face lift . If 60 of its 180 tiresome , cliche-ridden minutes were cut , it might make an above-average made-for-TV movie , but even that drastic snooze-factor reduction would fail to rescue it from mediocrity among theatrical releases .
 I was disappointed with this movie . I loved Tom Berenger in Last of the Dogmen , which although a bit soapy was fun to watch . This movie , because of the script , dress and acting left me cringing . At the same time I also watched Toshiro Mifume in several samurai movies . The old black and white movies enveloped me because of the acting and authenticity of the experience . Johnson County War seems to have been made by people that do not really understand the classic western . This could have been much better than it actually is.Johnson County War
 Larry McMurtry should be lynched for writing this non-event . On and on it goes , interminably . It could have been 90 minutes long , and actually been worth watching . But because the network had to have as many commercial breaks as possible , they crammed a 90 minute story into 180 minutes . What a disappointment !
 This is a very uneven movie , especially from an acting standpoint . Tom Berenger and Luke Perry have moments in which they seem to be asleep while acting , but then are just fine at other points . Burt Reynolds is woefully miscast . Adam Storke and Michelle Forbes are fine throughout , though . As for the story , it is a mishmash of just about every Western cliche you can think of , none of which pay off very well , as the movie comes to a flat conclusion . Still , there are occasional flashes of inspiration , so if you 're a die-hard fan of either Westerns or writer Larry McMurtry -LRB- who adapted the screenplay -RRB- , then this might be worth a look .
 DO THE WORDS ` HOSS APPLES ' MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS ONE . MISCASTING AT ITS WORST . LACKLUSTER SCRIPT , AND POORLY PLAYED PARTS . IM SURPRISED TOM BERENGER WHO , IS AN EXCEPTIONAL ACTOR WASTED HIS TIME ON THIS ONE . THE SCENES WITH HIM ARE TOLERABLE BUT THEY CANT MAKE UP FOR AN OTHERWISE UNREALISTIC HALF STAB AT A WESTERN.IT IS A SHAME TO TAKE AN HISTORIC EVENT AND MAR IT LIKE A BAD PAINT JOB.THIS ONE PLAYS SLOW BUT NOT TRUE . THE PROFANITY IS OVERLY EXCESSIVE AND IT IS OBVIOUS THAT MOST OF THESE PREPPIE ACTORS HAVE NEVER SAT A STEED OR FIRED A GUN FOR REAL.THERE IS LITTLE BELIEVABLE ABOUT THIS ATTEMPT AND I CANT IN GOOD FAITH RECOMMEND IT.WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT .
 This movie is o.k. for little kids , but in many ways does n't make much sense . The Goblin 's have a werid weakness for they way they live and you would think they would do something about it . Also the king and his men are pretty stupid considering what is going on ... watch the movie you 'll see . But I would recommend something like Spirited Away , what a great movie.Take care and wear some thick shoes ... you 'll see ... Sam
 Watching this movie was probably the worst moment of my life . This is probably the worst movie to carry the words `` genre animation . '' Actually ... probably the worst movie to carry the word `` genre . '' Yes , it was fun to watch when I was a child , but now that I know that there are much better movies out there , I realize that this is no great production . Also , I think that you people who are still absent-minded in the movie world need to grow up . If there was a -1 star rating , of course I 'd rate it that . And for all of you who said that the animation was great ... well ... let 's just say I could do better using watercolors blindfolded .
 I bought this movie for my daughter who had one when she was younger and it has somehow disappeared . She loves the story , characters , and music in the film . The thing I have issues with is the condition of the item . It was clumsily wrapped in plastic , the case is damaged and yellowed . If you are buying this as a gift , do n't expect it to look new as it definitely does n't . Since I purchased this as a Christmas gift , I went ahead and opened it to examine the film . It looks fine and plays properly ; however , there are seven and one-half minutes of previews and COMMERCIALS at the beginning of the tape ! I 'm very disappointed with this purchase , but will keep it because I may not have time to order from somewhere else and receive it before Christmas .
 This is the most highly uncreative childrens movie I have been able to accuratly view . The animated fell short of Stupid , and the musial portion of the movie , made you want to crack your head open to get it over with sooner . All in all the movie was the kind that would drive you to want to get hit by a car . However it is amusing to make fun of the names ...
 An absolute destruction of a wonderful book . They merely told the story without depicting the soul . A really sweet story about honesty , perseverance , and trust was turned into one where the only competent people were under the age of 10 . Poor acting , bad score , lackluster animation .
 Fantasy literature existed even in the 19th century , and this movie is a testimony of that - it is based on the children 's novel by George Macdonald -LRB- which should be in print -RRB- . However , the movie itself is a very poor adaptation of the novel , both on a technical and conceptual level . I 'm sure Macdonald did n't envision his characters breaking into song and dance in the middle . And the beautiful atmosphere created by the book 's illustrations is nowhere to be found in this movie.And for an interesting anecdote
 So first of all they make up a country and try to put all of this political drama into it . Yeah , that is going to fly . It is also just great that the main white Russian character who is supposed to be doing dirty government dealings is obviously not even an actor and seems to have gotten a part in the movie because he probably financed it or something . There is a great fight at the start between Vincent Zhao and the main villain . Do n't ecpect too much goodness in the fights though . I thought I was going to be able to get past the horribleness of this movie and watch some great fights but it just turns into people flying around and the director putting in about 5 cuts per does n't help . There is a great fight where the villain takes out everybody in the jail 's shower but that is seriously about it . Xin Xin Xiong has a nice cameo at the beginning but it was way too short and was one of the 4 scenes that I actually liked . Shu Qi is about as underused as possible and just adds to the horribleness of this movie . The final fight scene almost got turned off by me but I struggled through it and can honestly say that this is one of the worst movies you will ever see . I promise.Unlike Sony Pictures past releases like Jet Li 's Contract Killer and Meltdown , Another Meltdown -LRB- Blacksheep Affair -RRB- actually has a Chinese language track and seems to be uncut . Way to go , thanks for waiting until releasing a bad movie to actually give movie fans a good version .
 The writing in this movie is horrible ! The action sequences are good - not great though . I love HK action movies but do n't waste your time watching this as there are much better movies out there . If you insist on watching it , I suggest fast forwarding through and just watching the action sequences .
 Poor Larry Baker , after viewing `` The Flamingo Rising '' it is easy to see why he was so disappointed with this screenplay adaptation of his novel . Rather than an effective and efficient visual condensation of his book , the film is more like what would result if a film company ran out of money in mid-production -LRB- with a third of the scheduled scenes still to be shot -RRB- and just assembled the available stuff into a plausible sequence . Unfortunately , the missing third contained many scenes that explain what is happening.This film might only be intelligible to Baker 's readers , who can at least fill in the blanks with what they already know . They might also enjoy comparing and contrasting the film 's visuals with how they pictured those things while reading the book.Non-readers will find it a strange viewing experience . You almost immediately know that it is an adaptation and not just a really disjointed original screenplay . It has a lot of interesting and well-written characters , some deep philosophical thoughts , solid acting , some relatively big names in the cast , and a charming quirkiness . But all of these elements seem incomplete and inadequately connected . By the end both readers and non-readers will be thinking
 Ok , so Renting movies isnt very well known anymore but still , I wouldnt rent this movie much less buy it . Thankfully my friend bought it and all I had to do was watch . Well we both are Horror movie officianados or whatever you consider a Horror Nerd and neither of us found anything about this movie likeable . It was horrible . Simply Put . Horrible . Dont ever buy it . Download it for free or something if you HAVE to . But otherwise forget it .
 This movie is AWFUL , the acting is HORRIBLE , the sets are really AMATEURISH , the gore and blood level is high but so FAKE LOOKING that i really did n't care ... and did i mention the acting ? Oh , i did . . well it 's 80 % of why i almost could n't finish off watching this movie.Ok , enough with the insults . . there are some good things about this film that i ACTUALLY liked !! - THE STORY ... original but couldv ' e been better with a bigger budget , different producers , and sorry Canada . . but maybe a US film studio filming it.-THE GIRLS ... while most were good-looking , they were also very annoying especially the japanese host and the female contestants.-THE FRIEND - Yes , i knew someone in this film -LRB- Jerry , he played the character `` RICK '' -RRB- that was kinda strange seeing that i bought the film without knowing he was in it . Hmmm ... maybe he did n't anyone to know!So that 's it , you 've been warned !!!
 worst acting EVERstupid . a total waste , dont even rent this !
 Let me start by saying I bought this movie according to the reviews . Everybody tried to tell me how great it was . Well it 's not ! I wish hell I stayed away . Let start with the plot it could have been good but they screwed it up . It about a Japanese reality show where contestants race for their life for big money while being chased by really silly characters . The acting was very weak and the quality of gore was just to fake . Not to mention the film quality was just like some home video style . No matter what people say about this just back away from this one because the hype does not fit the film .
 Paramount made us wait for this gem of a movie , boy did they make us wait . Let me first start out by saying how much I love this all time classic , absolutely no dispute about that . But I 'm afraid the DVD is an almost unbelievably poor transfer - from virtually the first second you will notice huge levels of grain on the picture . For me it 's just too distracting and made me eject the disc within the first five minutes . The 5.1 soundtrack , what I heard of it , was OK - but again it did n't have the punch I was expecting . I guess for movie like this I was expecting Paramount to pull out all the stops , this HAS NOT happened . I 'll stick with my old LaserDisc , very , very disappointing .
 The video was fine but the audio was so terrible we could not even watch it . We had the volume turned all the way up and could barely hear the dialogue . Then when a song would come on the audio would boost back to normal and we would have to rush to turn the tv down . It got progressively worse throughout the movie . We have had similar experiences with other older movies that were put onto blu-ray but this was unwatchable . The seller did great , got the dvd promptly , much quicker than I expected , but the product was unacceptable .
 I was very disappointed in the process used to transfer to DVD . The print that was transferred to the DVD appears to be somewhat faded and dirty . However I was most disappointed with how grainy the movie is , I have seen movies that twice as old and older that had better transfers . One other note ; for some reason in all of the shots that were in the soda shop they having digitally blurred out the Coca-Cola logo in signs and menu boards . This is distracting !
 Original Review : I could never get the edition with the Leather Jacket as promised . After contacting Amazon 3 times and sending back the same version 2 times without a Leather Jacket I gave up . Even their customer service department said I would never get the correct selection.I guess what you see is n't always what you get . I 'm sure the actual movie is fine . I have n't opened it yet as I assume it is new and should n't have any scratches . Maybe I should check that , too!Follow - up Review : Judy in Customer Service called me and said she made a special effort to track down a copy of Grease in a leather jacket for me and I could send them back the old one in exchange . She was very kind and I give her Kudos for being so involved . As promised , I got my Grease in the leather jacket and my husband is impressed with his gift ! I would give this 5 stars now , but it would n't let me change it .
 I bought this as a present for my wife . She loves the movie but really fell in love with the leather jacket replica that it 's supposed to come with -LRB- we saw it in a Best Buy store . -RRB- I decided to buy it on Amazon -LRB- a bit cheaper and free shipping . -RRB- But when I received it , there was only a standard DVD case and NO leather jacket . I had to return it , and now I see that Best Buy does n't sell it anymore so I guess we are out of luck .
 Very cheesy & trite `` formula '' musical about a good girl who tries to fit in with the `` cool crowd '' that smokes , drinks , drag races and gets in fights . Olivia Newton-John 's vocals and Travolta 's dancing are the saving grace in this film , as well as the endearing performance by Didi Conn as `` Frenchie . `` But that 's as good as it gets as far as casting ; the rest of the actors are in no way believable as high school teenagers . Poor Stockhard Channing looks miserable throughout the film , in a role that is clearly beneath her . Somehow it lends to the perceived tough chick attitude of her character.To fans of the musical
 `` Grease '' is a dopey movie , with silly jokes , innuendo , and fluffy songs . But this is only part of what is wrong with the movie . Worst of all is the message it sends
 Overblown , overlong , and over-acted film , with the original stage show considerably re-vamped and re-written to appeal to the same audience that made t.v. 's Happy Days a ratings hit . Most ridculous of all , the entire cast of `` highschool age students '' is about ten years too old to pass for teenagers.Travolta & Newton-John are generally appealing , Stockard Channing is a winner , and cameos by the likes of Eve Arden and Alice Ghostly are charming , but the over-age cast largely robs the film of anything approaching youthful engery and zest . Truly tired film lacking excitment in every possible way .
 Okay , Here 's the Deal ... I was almost a teenager when this film came out , and I had never seen a movie before or since that was SO Over Hyped and WAY WAY Overplayed as this Film . But You got to look at it like this
 The tape was a Christmas gift had to mail . It gets stuck and does not work . If can find receipt ... will have them send it back to me to return to you .
 Considered one of the greatest musicals out there , this film adaptation of the smash hit play , `` Grease '' , has today become a classic . But not for me . While the songs are exciting and fit for a party , their old-fashioned , 50 's style of tune makes them real annoying ! Well , what 's the story . I must say that it 's nothing , except the story of two teenagers , whose life stories their senior high school are told through rock 'n' roll music . Actors are mediocre , John Travolta stunk . So if you enjoy musicals , this one 's for you . But , if you are easily annoyed , watch something else .
 No ! GREASE is not the word !! This movie is one of the worst musicals ever made . SINGIN IN THE RAIN , and WEST SIDE STORY ... Now those are musicals !! The characters look too old for their parts . Olivia Newton John and Stockard Channing look like bimbos and Travolta and Conaway look like hoodlums . They do n't look like ... high schoolers ? Some of the songs are catchy -LRB- Summer Nights , and Grease Lightning -RRB- but the movie is badly directed and the song and dance numbers are really bush league ! All the characters are meanspirited , annoying and should be in an old peoples home and not going to Rydell High . Lastly , the acting is all terrible . Skip this movie and put on AN AMERICAN IN PARIS or ON THE TOWN or any other musical besides this piece of -LSB- garbage -RSB- .
 I love this movie in general , but it had a scratch in one spot which caused it to skip in one spot . I was very disappointed .
 I ordered this item as a gift for my daughter because it showed a collectible little black jacket as sleeve . the first one I received came without it so I contacted Amazon and they said they will send me another one free of charge including the jacket ... well it came without it again ... other than that the movie it is great we the Grease lovers know that -LRB- five stars for the DVD -RRB- , we already have several editions.It was very disappointed received it like that after Amazon customer service assured me that this time will be right.May someone received two jackets and no DVD 's who knows ?
 Do n't need to review the movie itself
 throughout the screening the picture would be fuzzy , felt like i was watching a bootleg film , not one i had payed for on a website . Was very disappointed because this film is n't even an action film , its a musical and it still was grainy .
 I have to admit I was pumped when I found out this was coming to DVD . The movie is a timeless classic . The DVD release is of course the quality movie you remember and probably own on VHS.The 1-STAR rating is for such a poor job of quality on DVD -LRB- lets not even go off on the cheap cardboard case -RRB- . Its looks as if Paramount found the worst print of film and threw it on DVD . There are dust speckels and drop ins everywhere -LRB- almost like going to see the movie at one of those dollar theatres after the print has been run a hundred times at the first run movie house.What was REMASTERED , I can not tell , even the 5.1 audio leaves me questioning , but then again quality of picture kills the whole DVD . Come to think of it my widescreen version from 1998 on VHS is a better cut of film . WOW ! I have never said that before about a VHS ...
 The response was great and the shipping was great but the DVD was not in good shape . It fades in and out and is difficult to watch . But all and all it was ok .
 `` Grease '' is a dopey movie , with silly jokes , innuendo , and fluffy songs . But this is only part of what is wrong with the movie . Worst of all is the message it sends
 C'mon , Paramount . No one loves Grease more than us hopelessly devoted fans . But if you are going to roll out yet another attempt to repackage our beloved classic , make it worth rolling out the bucks . How about this
 When Grease was re-released to theaters in 1998 , Paramount inexplicably remixed the soundtrack . There seems to be no good reason for this , but it was during a time when `` special edition '' releases were constantly messing with the original version of films . Unfortunately , there are numerous errors and changes in the remix . Some are downright inexcusable , like percussion and background vocals in the wrong place , bad music edits and even background vocals out of sync during You 're the One That I Want . Foley and dialog balances are off throughout . It 's a mess.Despite the fact that fans have been complaining for years , Paramount included only this remix on the 2 DVD versions they released . I had assumed they would finally include the original soundtrack on the blu ray , but they are STILL only using the botched remix . This is unbelievable . Including the far superior original soundtrack would cost them virtually nothing , and yet they continue to disrespect a popular classic movie and it fans , despite being repeatedly made aware of the problem . I bought the first 2 DVD editions , but refuse to buy a blu ray until they fix the soundtrack.The only way to hear the original , correct soundtrack is on pre-1998 VHS and laserdisc copies . I guess ignorance is bliss , and if you do n't know what you are missing it wo n't bother you , but I ca n't stand to watch the movie with the remix .
 Grease is one of my all time classic movie , i actually bought this for a friend as a birthday gift!the way the item was displayed it came w / a leather jacket , when i recevied it was just the movie it 's self . I was a little dissapointed , i would have returned it and found another buyer but the birthday was the following day , mind you I also payed for next day delivery so it would arrive on time . . overall she loved it !
 BAD BAD BAD system that does n't let me pause the movie once it started playing . So we had to just miss part of it . ANNOYING AS COULD BE . I hesitate to spend money on Amazon movie rentals when I can get better service from Netflix .
 with no black people in it anywhere ? How does that work , exactly ? As for the movie , pedestrian , high school theater fodder . There it is .
 This movie is extremely unrealistic with its strange , fabricated view of quasi-1959 , but gets away with it because it is a musical . In some songs it is hard to hear the lyrics clearly and decipher what they are singing about . Buy it and enjoy it only if you like stories with overtly foolish high school imagery . Other than that , give it a hall pass and leave it to dissappoint someone else .
 Communication error . VHS instead of DVD . They handled the problem with a full refund . Very kind .
 GREASE is the word ? I do n't think so ! One of the most overrated -LRB- yet profitable -RRB- movie musicals ever made . The plot and script are thin , the direction is VERY bad , the characters look way too old for their parts -LRB- high schoolers ? -RRB- , and while some of the musical numbers and songs are memorable -LRB- SUMMER NIGHTS & GREASE LIGHTNING -RRB- , they too are terribly directed . Notice the singing of the characters in the film are all out of synch when anyone is performing . John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John play the leads of two love struck high schoolers -LRB- Danny and Sandy -RRB- who have previously met at the beach during summer vacation . They fall in love , but when summer ends they part ways thinking they 'll meet intermittantly because Sandy is vacationing from Austraila . However , when school begins , she unexpectedly stays in the states and begins school where Danny goes . When they meet again Danny ca n't show his true feelings to her . Also , he takes on his alter ego , opposite of the romantic beach boy , because he is part of a greaser gang -LRB- The T-Birds -RRB- . It would n't be `` Cool '' to be love with a `` Sandra Dee '' type ... that is , a girl who does n't `` put out '' . -LRB- The guys think they are a bunch of toughs , but in reality are a bunch of wimps in disguise i.e. Micheal Tucci as Sonny . -RRB- Then there is the Pink Ladies , the mirrored opposite sex equivalent of the `` T-Birds '' who are equally puzzling because you have two cool chicks -LRB- Stockard Channing as Rizzo and Dinah Manoff as Marty -RRB- and the rest seemingly act like Sandy -LRB- most notable . . Didi Conn as Frenchie -RRB- . The rest of the story deals with Danny trying to win back Sandy when he realises he wants to be with her despite of what the other greasers think and still maintain his tough greaser image . So , he tries out for different sports to be a jock to impress her etc. . . Also , here are minor subplots such as the T-Birds competing against another gang -LRB- or car club -RRB- . The film scores only because of the supporting cast and cameos with the likes of the late Eve Arden as Principal McGee , Sid Ceasar as Coach Calhoun , Alice Ghostly , Frankie Avalon , Sha Na Na , Ed Byrnes , and the late Joan Blondell . Movie gets worse with each subsequent screenings because the main characters are all mean spirited and annoying -LRB- especially Jeff Conaway as Kenickie -RRB- . Note
 I simply can not put into words how much I HATE this stupid film and its godawful soundtrack , which were all over the place -- sort of like a roach infestation in an abandoned apartment building -- in 1978 . I hold this anachronistic piece of crap and its unrealistic , annoying stereotyping of a decade personally responsible for having the most annoying '50s caricatures invade my life and , even worse , for prolonging the singing career of Olivia Newton-John , a no-talent Barbie doll.The plot of this movie is a joke , presenting a cornball romance novel theme that would n't even pass as a third-rate soap opera , all dressed up in leather jackets and poodle skirts . And it sends a great message to the young women of America
 I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR MY ORDER FOR TWO MONTHS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND THEN YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY TO ASK FOR MY REVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The worship of this movie must cease.First of all , I do n't even think they deserved to use the name `` Grease '' since it bears so little similarity to the Broadway show . Missing from the movie are lovable characters Doody and Roger , replaced by a hybrid of the two named Putsy , who basically sits in the background for the entire show . The two deleted character 's songs ? `` Those Magic Changes '' basically becomes a background tune at the prom , and I have no idea -LRB- ca n't remember -RRB- what happens to `` Mooning '' , but both songs completely lose their luster outside their original environments . It also results in the deletion of one of the best scenes in the whole play , where Roger proclaims himself the Mooning Champion of Rydell high.Also deleted from the movie -- `` Alone at the Drive-in Movie '' , reduced to an instrumental . It was a funny , goofy tune , that fit in well with the parodical nature of the original show . It is replaced by the 70 's sounding `` Sandy '' , which is too overdramatic and overwrought for that scene . The funny `` Alma Mater '' is reduced to background music in the opening scenes . `` Look at Me , I 'm SAndra Dee '' is moved way too far up in the show , in a really nonsensical part of the movie . it originally came at the end of the first act in the play , which made more sense.And , worst of all , Greased Lightning is sung by Zuko , and not Kenickie , like in the play . This makes little sense . Zuko singing about Kenickie 's car ? The idea behind the original song was that Greased Lightning was a pile of crap that only Kenickie believed in , and got scoffed at for , so his song was him vowing to turn it into a champ.Alright , but changes aside , how is the movie?Again , not great . Scenes dragged on aimlessly for too long . Danny trying out for sports could have been easily cut down by 3 minutes or so . The gag wore thin . The prom 's length was okay , but very boring , and basically a vehicle for Travolta to show off his dancing . Yes , in the play , it 's a big `` dance '' scene too , but it is way too straightforward in the movie to be all that enjoyable.Rizzo 's `` serious '' scene is pretty much lost in the movie since it 's pointlessly taken to the drive-in and tossed aside minutes later , rather than being done at the later party like in the play , and being a somewhat emotional scene.So many of the funniest scenes are deleted from the original play . And even the melodrama is removed . The funny parts are n't funny enough , the serious parts are too overdramatic for what this body of work really was -- a parody of 50 's culture , music , and life.Moreso , all of the `` high schoolers '' in the movie looked about 30 years old . Most of them could not pass for high schoolers even with makeup and costuming . Sonny looked almost 35 . Perhaps if they had done a better job of wardrobe and makeup this would have been avoided.Overall , I think the only decent part ofthis movie is `` Greased Lightning '' for it 's dance moves . Other than that , this is a soulless remake of a great show that does n't do the original justice.P.S . I 'm playing Roger now in a local performance of Grease . So I know from experience !
 This summer I had the privilege and pleasure of being part of a local production of Grease , albeit in an offstage capacity . It was amateur , though not amateurish . Sure , most of the cast wo n't be seen on Broadway , but I came away with a pretty good idea of what Grease the Musical should look and sound like.Unfortunately , you wo n't find out if you purchase Grease the Video.This version is a 50 's musical in a 70 's setting , or a 70 's musical in a 50 's setting . I have n't decided which . Moreover , I do n't think the producer , Robert Stigwood , had decided either when he embarked on this project.Stigwood , in case the reader did n't know , also produced the movie musical Sergeant Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band based on the Beatles ' album -LRB- as if I had to explain this . Or do I ? -RRB- That movie was featured in Golden Turkey Awards
 Grease is one of the best movies of the ' 70 's . No doubt about that.WHAT HAPPENED PARAMOUNT ????? The movie is great as always but the DVD edition is badly dissapointing . The dolby soundtrack is better on the 20th Anniversary Edition I bought a few years ago.I am VERY dissapointed in the quality I have of this . I will keep it just because it is the DVD of the movie . But for watching , I 'll bring out the old 20th Anniversary VHS edition.Hope Paramount does better with Saturday Night Fever and Footllose .
 I was so looking forward to the release of Grease on DVD . Paramount certainly made us wait a long time for it but now that it 's here I ca n't believe what shoddy treatment it has been given.Ok so it 's an old movie . I expect to see some grain on the film and all in all , I personally am not that disappointed with the picture quality but it all could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better.To start off with the packaging is a cardboard case that will fall to pieces long before the DVD does . There are no commentaries , no production notes , filmographies , cast/character bios , gallery , outtakes , etc etc. . All we get is a static menu , the movie trailer and 20 minutes of interviews with the cast -LRB- that were recorded 4 years ago to celebrate the re-release of Grease for it 's 20th anniversary in 1998 -RRB- . There is also a songbook for anyone who still does not know the songs after 24 years ! There is a lot more material out there that could have been included - Maybe Paramount are working on a 25th anniversary release for next year and this was just the prototype !
 There should be a better heads up about the fact that blu-ray does not always work on older machines .
 `` Grease '' has passed into our shared American experience , and who among us can not sing along to its justifiably famous songs ? But seeing the movie as a child in the theater is much different than watching it as an adult . The last time I watched it , the TV channel provided commentary on a crawl at the bottom of the screen , and the two crucial , gaping flaws with the movie finally crystallized.First , the age of the actors . God bless ` em , but they were WAY too old to be high schoolers . Stockard Channing was 33 , or nearly twice the age of her character . Ms Newton-John was 29 . Now , I 'm not asking for perfect verisimilitude in a movie , but you ca n't violate my willing suspension of disbelief so obviously.The second problem is the location of the school . The T-Birds look like a classic Long Island / New Jersey type gang , similar to the Lords of Flatbush , complete with the accents . But the school has palm trees waving in the background , and the final race , as almost anyone who has watched any movie made in America can tell you , takes place in the L.A. River basin . It creates an inconsistent and inauthentic setting .
 GREASE is one of my favorite movies , so I give the movie 5 stars but the DVD just one . Paramount is so cheap . There is absolutely nothing `` special '' about this special edition . The interviews are at least 10-15 years old and the theatrical trailer looks like it was sitting in a hog trough for a few years . The film itself is filthy in several sequences and Paramount did not even animate the menus in anyway or even put any music on the menu screens . I mean for goodness sake ... THIS IS A MUSICAL !! I mean how do small , teeny-tiny , itsy-bitsy , miniscule studios -LRB- Synapse , Blue Underground , Anchor Bay -RRB- put out DVDs of obscure titles like
 I love the movie , so my rating is not based on my opinion of the film.My biggest problem is with this edition
 `` Grease '' is the phenomenally successful musical that made John Travolta a legend , put Olivia Newton-John on the US pop charts and brought hot pants back into vogue . It 's the seventies slant on fifties pop culture and it moves like gangbusters . The songs are `` electrifying '' and the energy generated by all of the cast members is `` greased lightning '' . Unfortunately , Paramount has given us the film in a really lack luster edition that is doomed to disappoint from the start . The print , although restored , exhibits grain , dirt and digital grit , along with aliasing , shimmering and edge enhancement problems that really distract from the presentation of this film . There 's also a couple of curiosities . Watch for the scenes that take place at the malt shop between Danny and Sandy . All the background ads -LRB- presumably Coke or Pepsi advertising -RRB- has been digitally altered or blurred so that it ca n't be made out . Like the Warner release of `` The Devil 's Advocate '' one can only assume that whatever was hanging on those walls , Paramount did not own the rights to and was thus forced to do some digital manipulation to satisfy a law suit before releasing the movie to home video . The manipulations are obvious and horrible , drawing attention to themselves with aliasing , hard edges or halos appearing around characters as they walk back and forth in front of the obscured art work . The audio has also not been well represented . Dialogue is strident , scratchy and soft while the musical numbers explode from the 5.1 mix with too much bass and side channel information that drowns out the lyrics represented in the center channel of one 's home theater system . Extras ? - true to its penny pinching , Paramount gives us the same old tired featurette that accompanied its laserdisc release . That 's it . All of Paramount 's marketing has gone into hailing this disc as `` The one that you want , the way that you want it . '' I assure you , this is n't the case .
 I wanted to preview this dvd before I bought it and thank goodness I did . The big dissappointment was lack of extras . Has hollywood gone very greedy . I say yes . The only extras are interviews . BIG DEAL . What about commentaries , Making of , maybe bloopers . I thought because it took such a long time for this to be released , the studio would have been working on a nice package with plenty of extras . Not so here . Hollywood is just so greedy I 'm sure they might wait til they get suckers to buy this and then they will come out with a big package.Another big problem , in some scenes the ads in the background are unable to read . The picture and sound are not up to DVD quality also . Thank god I did n't have to pay to preview it either . My advice is keep your VHS version .
 I am really shocked at all the positive reviews that this worthless piece of crap is getting . The leather jacket slipcase is awesome , the new special features are great , but nevertheless I am reselling my copy -LRB- having only seen it once -RRB- because I can not stand this new , remastered soundtrack.This seems to be a new trend with some studios , where they make a new soundtrack that makes the film completely unwatchable . If I have to stay with VHS or Laserdisc to have Grease with its original soundtrack , then so be it . But I will be damned if I sit through an American cinematic classic listening to this awful , echoey , added sound garbage Paramount wants to call `` remastered '' . Shame on everyone involved with the release of this DVD . At the very least , they could have offered the * option * of the ORIGINAL soundtrack.The movie rates 5 stars , the special features rate a good strong 4 . The soundtrack ruins this release and therefore this particular edition is rated a 1 .
 OK , fun songs , cute acting , generally a good time . But has anyone noticed that the moral of this story seems to say that you should change yourself into something you 're not in order to please someone else ? Not sure that 's a message I 'd want my kids to hear .
 Every time there was a musical number , it sounded as though the singer had a bucket over there heads . Unfortunately , this was given as a gift and the cost of sending it back to me and then returning it to the shipper is not cost effective . I would not recommend this provider to anyone .
 the region 2 or any region other than 1 should not be listed with region 1 but put in a list for these other regions You do n't expect to purchase a dvd that you can not watch
 As an Australian I find this movie extremely offensive . Why should Sandie have to change and become a greasy fat rude American . She should haved stay the way she was I reckon.There 's a line in this movie about eating sh*t ... I agree .
 Newton-john lost her lawsuit -LRB- as usual -RRB- to try to get more money from this stupid movie . I guess the courts do n't think she 's so great . And well ... this movie is what the title says it is - total trash . The Grease reunion was a bunch of old worn out people trying to act young again - it was really pathetic . I hope kids these days have something more to aspire to than the idiots in this film .
 This movie could only have been produced in America
 One of the worst stage shows ever remains one of the worst movie musicals of all time . Following the tradition of every desperate actor in showbiz , the film is miscast with a bunch of 30-somethings who should have played the parents . Travolta and Newton John lacked all chemistry and the remaining cast brought nothing to the picture . The only two good things about the film were the new songs added ... and now every stage version features them , as if it 's going to make you feel better about the travesty of seeing dimwitted adults try to recapture their youth . I saw this film when it came out and it just boggled my mind that adults would flock to a script so pandering . But then the stage show continues to horrify audience even in the 2000 's and STILL the tradition carries on to cast 40-somethings as teenagers ... only because people who are 60-something now go to see this show and overlook how bad the actors are because they ca n't actually see the stage performers up close ! This is NOT a great movie musical and the film 's message is `` ladies , sell yourself out to be a whore to get ahead . '' But I guess there 's truth to this ... how else to explain Kim Kardashian and her family . Paris Hilton , and any of the REAL HOUSEWIVES .
 I already purchased a grease movie and it has already been shipped to me . If you are over charging me and sending me something I did n't purchase please give me my money back . I have ordered alot of movies from this site and I am not satisfied with the time frame of recieving them or being told they are not available at one point and then being told I have an order confirmation for that order .
 I was very disappointed in the process used to transfer to DVD . The print that was transferred to the DVD appears to be somewhat faded and dirty . However I was most disappointed with how grainy the movie is , I have seen movies that twice as old and older that had better transfers . One other note ; for some reason in all of the shots that were in the soda shop they having digitally blurred out the Coca-Cola logo in signs and menu boards . This is distracting !
 Nothing about the movie , just the DVD . And not even this DVD . More the fact that I know that next year , Paramount has another DVD of Grease coming out . No word on what 's on it , but undoubtedly it will be better than this DVD . That annoys me ... I know you want to make money . But ... any fan of this movie , I 'm sure , will tell you , that no matter how much they want the movie on DVD , they would rather stick to their well-worn VHS copies for another year and get the real deal the first time around than get the movie bare-bones and cough up the dough for it only to find out later that there 's a better disc , maybe even a better set of discs in store.This is only made worse by the fact that most Paramount DVDs contain a trailer and nothing else in the way of features -- their most packed DVD is the original Tomb Raider . Bleh .
 I do n't know if it 's only my purchase of Grease but it seems that there is a problem with this new edition of Grease . It may seem to be the manufacturing defect!I watched the `` Rydell Sing-Along '' feature from the `` Special Feature '' menu . All the songs ' lyrics on screen seems to create lines and pixels onto the TV screen within a few seconds when they start singing . I mean , the movie ran smoothly but the Sing-along is my main complaint.I exchanged a copy of it for the same one and still had the same problem ! Most of the lyrics jumbled around in the screen at the same time as my previous copy of Grease ! I bought it from Best Buy and was wondering if all stores will carry the defective DVD kind.This is just a heads up to all those out there that own a copy of Grease
 I suppose the buying audience for this film is people who have already seen it . Being so , advice on film quality is really more important that a review of the movie , so let me say , that the DVD sound is not improved over the videotape , other than the general DVD over video quality one expects . Do n't let the hype about redigitized or whatever hook you.Also , understand the difference between full-screen and wide-screen . Full-screen means it will fill your entire TV screen . Since movies are broader left to right than TV screens `` full-screen '' movies have been `` panned & scanned . '' In other words , You see just part of the screen at once . `` Wide-screen '' means the whole picture is shown , with black lines at top and bottom.Most people have a preference for one or the other . It 's important to remember in the big choreography numbers that the panned & scanned versions are showing just half of the dancing . So be aware of what you 're getting , especially if tou 're buying used.Now you can read my review of the content.The ages of the actors in this film is obvious , and I personally found this really distracting . In a stage production , you can get away with casting 28-year olds as teenagers -- you can even get away with casting short adults as children sometimes . But this does n't work in movies . -- especially in a disturbing close-up of Olivia Newton-John 's back teeth , as she milks one last `` Su-uuuuu-mer Lo-ooooo-ve ! '' for all it 's worth , but nevermind.The actors were so obviously ten years too old to be in high school , that this added an unintentional extra layer to the film ; it this really a fantasy of adults going back ten years to fix things in the past ? This time Danny offers to drive , and Greased Lightning wins ? This time Sandy finds the kishkas to change ? This time Rizzo 's not pregnant ? Time Frenchy goes back to school ? The overabundance of happy endings and the magic car in the closing shot left me wondering.And Sandy at the end of the film ? Sure , it might be time to shed the poodle skirts and pastel sweaters , but does she have to look like a 42nd & Broadway hooker ? Is n't there a happy medium ? And is `` learn to smoke and dress like a slut in order to get the guy you want '' really such a great message for the sweetness & light movie of 1978 ? Well , anyway . sellers have lots of cheap used copies , the price of which is probably worth Stockard Channing 's performance . Olivia Newton-John is a singer who ca n't act , and most of the rest of the cast is actors who sing passably . Stockard Channing is the only really substantial actor in the film -LRB- she 's won some awards for her work on stage -RRB- , and she 's the only performer who comes through with a genuine character as opposed to a type -- although that may not be a fair criticism , since the script has a cartoon quality that suggests two-dimensional , broad , melodramatic types . Channing is also the only performer hired primarily for her acting who also can belt out a song.My two stars are for her .
 I agree with other reviews the quality of this dvd is the worst I have seen , what went wrong ????? I have over 500 dvd 's in my collection and this dvd is the worst quality . It is VERY grainy looks like a worn tape .
 This has to be the worst blue ray dvd I have ever seen . The clarity and sound was bad just ruined a classic film .
 I 've been waiting years for this DVD , so I bought it the first day of release . The wrapper promised high quality Digital Remastered image . What went wrong ? They apparently did n't think to clean the film of dust -LRB- there are some real whoppers that flash by -RRB- , and spots reveal that the lenses were dirty as well . I 've got DVDs of 1930 's movies that look better than this . Shame on Paramount ! Rent this before you buy , check it out , and see if you really want to reward them .
 The story
 When a plane crashes , a young boy is the only survivor and is raised by a samurai master . Marc Dacascos plays the samurai 's real son and grows up always being jealous because his brother -LRB- David Bradley -RRB- trains harder and passes him in samurai skill . Dacascos becomes a crazy Yakuza gangster who holds death matches and forces his brother to fight.While cheesy and not exactly a deep story , it 's tolerable , but just barely . The overacting by Marc Dacoscas could not be laid on any more thick at the beginning , but the acting really does get a lot better for everyone after the opening scene . David Bradley is not too bad . He is OK at acting but above average in fighting . All of the fights are good and the tournament scenes are very fun . The extreme graphic violence was my favorite part of the movie . There is a guy that makes Mike Tyson look normal ! All of the fights are really weird . One guy dresses like Conan , David Bradley fights a guy dressed as a viking or something , and in one match there is a pirate vs. a hillbilly . Seriously though , the fights are really good for the most part . The final fight is a bit of a letdown , but not bad . The story is really pointless and the ending could n't have come any sooner , but this is a good movie to just fast forward through to see the fights .2.5 / 5The DVD from Cannon Video/Warner Brothers is full screen with good picture quality .
 Ok . I love the Real World . Love it . Watched it from season one on ... religiously until season nine or so . I bought this DVD the day it was released.I could not have been more disappointed.The original soundtrack is gone , replaced by a horrible , grating score -LRB- no `` Finally '' at Roxy ?! -RRB- . The crawl is gone -LRB- and some of the best moments -- like Eric 's scar story -- took place during the closing credit sequence -RRB- . The features -LRB- asinine episode intros and a schlocky `` pilot '' -RRB- just suck.My advice to fans
 Never realized how much the The Real Wolrd benefits from having the hit songs of that time showcased in it . All those cheesy songs from the early 90 's have been taken out of this edition , and replaced with really -LSB- bad -RSB- public serive announcement sounding music . This cast by far was the best , but even that does n't carry the show with no real music behind them . Catch it in in reruns !!!!!!!
 Boring and flat . It 's amazing how much the soundtrack really pulled the entire show together . I was mainly waiting for season two to come out on DVD , but if this is what we 're left with once the music is subtracted , I ca n't imagine it would be any better .
 Let me start this off by sharing that I am a huge , huge fan of The Real World . That being said , I have learned my lesson , and that is this
 Is n't eMpTyV grand ? It was n't enough for them to simply ostracize music with genuine artistic merit and replace it the intellectually genocidal Gen-X/Gangsta culture . It was n't enough for them to force their cavalcade of no-talents like Britney Spears , Fred Durst , Eminem , and 50 Cent onto an unwilling public . And it certainly was n't enough for them to crush the dreams of tens of thousands of gifted musicians who poured their lives into their art . They had to go and ruin television by introducing the `` reality '' -LRB- I do n't associate anything pertaining to the real world to these shows -RRB- show in 1992 as well.So many people think that it all began in 2000 with Mark Burnett 's unspeakably awful celebration of backstabbing and misanthropy known as Survivor . No , it began with The Real World , which has as much to do with the real world as Kim Jong-Il does with human decency . The premise is simple . Take seven young and attractive people -LRB- Heaven forbid you have anyone old or ugly -RRB- , move them into a posh apartment in a low-crime section of a major city , and videotape every detail of their lives - or at least the details that get ratings.TRW is not the `` engaging study of human nature '' that its apologists make it out to be . It is the foundation upon which dreck like The Apprentice , Joe Millionaire , and Survivor are built . The only thing creative about these shows are the ways in which their participants will sink to elicit a reaction or to reach their goals.Speaking of being creative , I have a message for all of those who watch reality shows who are reading my review right now . The time you are wasting watching such garbage could be spent doing something constructive . Read a book . Play a game of Scrabble . Visit you loved ones . Help John McCain bring about an end to the steroid problem in Major League Baseball . Write a letter to Congress urging floggings to those who send `` Work at Home '' spam . Start a petition asking for the FCC to place an indecency fine against the national tragedy known as Donald Trump 's hair . Or just take a nap . Boycott reality television !!!
 AFI is right , this has to be one of the worst shows in TV history . Because of this we now have to put up with crap like Survivor , Big Brother , Amazing Race , etc. , gee , thanks f**ker s ! This was also the beginning of the end for MTV too . In the eighties MTV showed nothing but music , but now if you watch MTV you 'd be extremely lucky to find any music during the day . I hate this show with a passion , it even lies ! The title `` Real World '' would make you believe it has something to do with life or whatnot , right . Tell me then , is it so real life if 7 people who f**king hate each other live in the same home ? People who hate each other stay away from each other in reality . MTV , I will never forgive you.PS
 This show started the downfall of tv in america , the 1980 's were a great time for tv , until this trash came and ruined MTV & TV in general paving way for the worst era of reality shows in history.I Hated this show from the start , none of the reality shows were good , the acting is terrible , this is pathetic diposable junk -LRB- along with that crap band from seattle called nirvana aka nerdvana -RRB- The Only good thing that kept this show alive is the death of Pedro Zambora , otherwise I Could care less about this them and I Could care about it now.The Real World represent what 's everything wrong with tv in general.Reality shows should have stopped after rescue 911 . TV Review
 I was about to purchase this DVD until I was informed that the original background music was taken out and replaced with something entirely different . Why ?!? The first season DVD should have the original early 90 's music , in which I love . So because it does n't , I 'm not buying the DVD . I 'll consider buying this DVD set when the aforementioned mistake is corrected .
 omg dont buy this . its terrible . all the 1990 's music has been replaced !!! WHY ??? That is so stupid . i came so close to buying this dvd . . i am so glad i got out bidded on ebay . it was a close one ! i am not cutting down the show . . the show was awesome . i mean the main reason i wanted it was to hear all the 1992ish songs ! there is no reason to buy it now . . screw it ! maybe they will come out with a better one later .
 I am interested in the Real World San Francisco -LRB- season 3 -RRB- but when I watch it on the MTV website , some fool decided it was a good idea to change the music ! Fire that fool and bring back the original songs . The music plays just a big a part in bringing back those great memories of the early 90s and MTV real world and for me ... playing lots of tennis and then coming in to watch Real World . What a stupid idea to change the music ... moron .
 As a consumer you do n't need to read a review for you to know that this set is not worth buying . I have not bought it and will not . The original music for the show was replaced with generic crap . If you watch The Real World , you know that the music creates moods and adds so much to the show . This show relies on it 's music to maintain that feel of drama .
 What an absolute disaster . With a sin-promising title like WEEKEND WITH THE BABYSITTER I was expecting some seductive at first but then hot and sweaty topless/bottomless action . Instead I got something so painfully boring and drawn out that it might be did caused brain my damage permanent.If I was married to an abusive junkie and I miraculously got a weekend alone with the young freelovin ' babysitter I would definitely be doing something besides riding motorcycles and eating cheese omelets , but no not this guy . Jim Carlton is a stuffy wine bag movie producer and when he gets alone with the babysitter she takes him out on the town to see what 's really going down . You dig baby ? First stop they go to a hippie club and talk and talk and talk to some oh so cool hippies then they have a prolonged weed smoking scene with the hippies -LRB- `` Now this here is a joint . J-o-i-n-t . Joint . '' -RRB- then Jim falls asleep . Next day they ride motorcycles all day then * finally * we get to the beast with two backs ... I think , it was so slow moving and poorly shot that I could n't tell what was going on.And it just goes on and on like this until finally in the exciting -LRB- ha ! -RRB- conclusion Jim and his new hippie friends beat up the drug dealers that have kidnapped his junkie wife !!! Skip it .
 What a strange trip its been ... well at least for these actors who obviously never took an acting class ! As `` amateur films '' go it ranks in quality of direction with your daughter 's fourth grade play -LRB- no offense parents -RRB- , but watching the film is a sort of weird , perverse pleasure . We see heroin addiction among the rich , wealthy middle-aged men falling prey to teenage Lolitas , 70 's nudity `` a naturale , '' and a lame Hollywood excuse for promoting the smoking of pot . Nonetheless , I enjoyed the film because the story never seems to flag and moves at a fast clip . The ending is melodramatic and as what you would expect . Supporting cast are more credible the leads in this one . George E. Carey should have stuck behind the camera -- not in front of it . The female lead , Candy -LRB- Susan Romen -RRB- is sweet , but rather dull . Not surprisingly , IMBD lists this film as her one and only film role . My ex-girlfriend liked it ... then again , she has no real sense of artistic taste . But do n't be too disappointed with the film .
 Horrible film Just plain bad . I don/t know what else to say about this film . Ols 60 's or 70 's film .
 Not worth the time and trouble . Wondering how any one could have fallen for that babysitter . Try Angel Blue for something in this same vein that is really a good movie .
 oh my , this movie was just wrong ! I give it a single star for the australian girl-friend . You knew what was going to happen , before it happend , your typical horror movie that played with the `` boo effect '' that has gone to crap over the years . You have the actress who played
 I just rented this movie for the cover art hoping to get a nice surprise . The script is just your average gate way to hell open by little kids . I would n't even recommend it as a rental . Bottom line is this movie is horrible avoid it like the plague .
 the only reason this is getting 2 stars is because it really is amusing to watch , but every aspect of this movie is * bad . * From the plot to the writing to the acting , to the soundtrack . Its the second-worst movie I 've ever seen next to South Beach Academy . Still , it 's worth seeing once , just to laugh at it .
 Horrible customer satisfaction.I never got the movie . After calling several times and so many promises . the told me the movie never shipped . It sucked , what a waste of time . Definitely not amazons best performance . I did get my money back and i left it at that . I let it go . what can i do with a gigiant .
 This DVD has nothing to do with the dialogs and events happened in the vacations in THE Real World seasons.I am angry to myself not caring about the other customer reviews.It show the videos of where did they go , what did they eat , did they get sick etc. . which are very very boring stuff preventing you to see the dramas and partying happened in these vacations.If i want to know what can be eaten in the exotic places of the world i can find it on the google.i want to see how the real world house spent their time when they are on the vacation.very dissapointing for me to what i expect and what i get .
 If I could give this dvd a negative star I would . This is the worst You never saw . I 'm mad I bought it .
 This movie is worth owning if you can find it cheaply and you 're an American Pit Bull Terrier enthusiast and want everything related to the breed . That 's the best I can say about it.Otherwise , hang on to your money , or rent a copy . I 've got an old VHS version of this movie , and in all the years I 've had it , I believe I 've only watched it twice . -LRB- And I think it likely that the 2nd viewing was just to make sure that I had n't missed any redeeming qualities that the film did n't appear to have . -RRB- The high point for me was when one of the characters could n't pronounce Durango . The rest of the movie was so bad I 've blocked most of it out . Just chalk it up to an hour and a half of my life that I 'll never get back.Sorry I ca n't give a more detailed review , but that just gives you an idea of how lame this movie is . I ca n't remember anything about it except the basics of the plot . And nothing about it would inspire me to go back and reacquaint myself .
 I had hopes that this collection would make me laugh , but the laughs were few . The `` comedy '' was very dated and disappointing , do n't bother to purchase this unless you want to see what happens when network censors control the creative , comedic effort that was Richard Pryor at the time.I recommend his later work that was not controlled by TV censors.This is a nostagic look back and nothing more . It was interesting to see the young faces and developing talent of some of the cast members.The most entertaining part was the `` roast '' and you can see that on YouTube .
 This show is considered legendary ??! After viewing these DVD 's It 's hard to believe that censorship was the reason that this series only lasted 4 episodes ... it 's more likely the plug was pulled by NBC and / or Pryor because the show was pretty awful . There are maybe 35 skits over the 4 shows , and maybe 3 of them are worth watching . By show # 4 I stopped watching because there was no hope that anything would be funny . The 2 or 3 that are funny -LRB- `` the 40th President '' especially -RRB- are hilarious ... classic ... exactly what you 're hoping this series will be like ... but when the show starts to go downhill it stays there and never recovers.The Richard Pryor Special which preceeded the TV series by a year is slighlty better , but that 's not saying much ... it 's still nowhere near as funny as Pryor at his best ... the TV series is lame even by Saturday Night Live at it 's lamest standards . . d the `` social commentary '' bits are heartfelt but embarrassing . The entire Tv series was just misguided.The extra features are the best things ... the unedited roast where Pryor talks like he would in his act , some of the Q&A segment ... and that 's about it . A Real disapointment.Evidently there was no way for Richard Pryor to adopt his stand up personl to a TV series and make it work . If you 're expecting anything as funny as Pryor 's appearance on SNL in the 70 's ... especially the `` Job Interview '' bit ... forget it.I 'm giving this 2 stars because there is at least a lot of stuff on the 3 discs ... approx 5 hours worth , and you get maybe 45 minutes of worthwhile material ... which would be good if this was a single DVD , but overall these 3 DVD 's are very disapointing .
 As the other have said , this movie is not really a Jackie Chan movie . Editing is n't that great -LRB- you even see a place where the fudged up -RRB- . He has a couple good fight scenes but that 's pretty much it . If you want it because the story sounds interesting , go for it . But do n't buy or even watch this movie just for Chan , you 'll be disappointed.If you want a good Chan movie , go get Rumble in the Bronx .
 First off , let me just say that this was not a Chan movie . He may have directed it , but he does n't appear in the movie until about 20 minutes in or so . On top of that , he is only in one brief -LRB- and not too spectacular -RRB- fight scene -LRB- the scene that lands him in jail actually -RRB- that proved to be one of the few fight scenes in the movie . Sammo Hung fans will also be disappointed to find out that not only does Sammo not have a single fight scene , but that he is , at best , a distant supporting character.Despite the fact that this is a bad Chan movie , it 's a fairly entertaining movie in and of itself . Chan fans will pass out when they see what happens to Chan at the end though .
 This is not your typical Jackie Chan movie . It is not a comedy , Jackie Chan is not the star and he actually dies at the end . This is a prison movie that steals a lot from Paul Newman 's 1960 's movie `` Cool Hand Luke '' , only without the humor . I suggest anyone born in the 70 's or 80 's rent `` Cool Hand Luke '' for comparison . Paul Newman 's version is a lot better . `` The Prisoner '' also steals a scene from Burt Reynold 's `` The Longest Yard `` Even though this movie is n't very good , -LRB- it has all the prison movie cliches -RRB- I liked seeing Jackie Chan expanding his range , he can do serious work.To me , the most interesting thing about this movie is recognizing the scenes stolen from other movies .
 I honestly did not like this movie . Jackie was the only think that kept me from falling asleep ! It was boring and uninteresting . If your thinking of watching it , well do n't .
 To be kind , this is not , by very far , Jackie 's best movie . First
 Jackie must 've seen `` Cool Hand Luke '' and thought he could do it better than the Academy Award winning film . He thought wrong . This is a terrible film . Bad writing , bad editing , bad acting ... the works . If you want to see a good Jackie Chan movie check out Drunken Master , Young Master , Drunken Master 2 ... I 'm a big fan of most of his movies , but if you watch this one you will be disappointed . We all make mistakes .
 I was disappointed with this movie - I was expecting some Kung Fu action centered around a plot , at least any plot . There is no plot in this movie . It 's just The Day-To-Day Life In Prison , which soon gets rather boring and one begins to wonder what the point of the movie is . The ending does n't really match with the rest of the movie - it 's like watching two movies in one . Overall , there 's not much kung fu action to be had in this movie . There 's nearly more gun shootings than necessary and fist-fighting scenes . The dubbing is also the worst I have ever heard . No attempt has been made whatsoever to match the spoken words with the lip action . Sometimes , I was n't even sure if it was the character speaking , since the mouth was closed most of the time and the tone of voice did not match the character 's demeanor.If you need a movie to put you to sleep , this one will do the job .
 This cheesy kung-fu prison movie , contrary to the box art , does not `` star '' Jackie Chan . Chan and several other Hong Kong actors -LRB- like Sammo Hung -RRB- reportedly did this as a favour to co-star and producer Jimmy Wang-Yu -LRB- `` One-Armed Swordsman , '' `` Fantasy Mission Force '' -RRB- . Much of this movie is laughably bad , with goofy dialogue and entire scenes ripped-off from `` Cool Hand Luke '' of all things . Jackie Chan is in the movie for about 15 minutes.The DVD is in the aspect ratio of 1.85:1 , and it looks reasonably good . The dialogue is dubbed , but it hardly seems to matter in a movie like this . There is a commentary by a martial artist and filmmaker named Phillip Rhee that is okay . His historical insights are n't fabulous , but his anecdotes about some of the films stars are enjoyable . Rounding out the extras are some cast biographies and a trailer -LRB- which , deceivingly , shows Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung as being the central characters -RRB- .
 Before deciding to write this review , I REVIEWED other 's reviews on Jackie Chan
 In this movie , Jackie Chan is not the main character . He is not the Prisoner , but he is a prisoner . This movie is filled with senseless violence and profanity . This movie 's title is a classic sellout by people who want to capitalize on the fame of Jackie Chan . This movie is not funny like Jackie Chan 's latest movies are . The plot is impossible to follow and filled with things that just dont make sense . Finally , a horrible end to a horrible movie , Jackie and a couple of other escaped inmates are gunned down while trying to escape , only the main character makes it .
 Not a bad movie for this genre , but the title of the movie -LRB- `` Jackie Chan is the Prisoner '' -RRB- is a Big Fat Lie . This is not a Jackie Chan movie -- he 's just one of many in the cast . Maybe it 's naive to let such bold face lying -LRB- marketing -RRB- bother me , but it still does . We got the movie , actually believing that it was what Columbia/Tristar Studios promised it would be ...
 This is not a Jackie Chan movie . Jackie Chan is in it , that 's for sure , but the extended cast of various action stars makes him just another character.He 's not the main character , not that there really is a main character , it seems . The plot , tangled as it is , seems to be about some prison that pretends to execute people and then uses them as assassins . But we only hear about this during the first few minutes and then at the `` climax '' at the end of the movie where Sammo Hung , Jackie Chan , Andy Lau and that other guy run around an airport shooting a bunch of people with not much reason . Most of the movie deals with innumerable subplots that serve only to drag out this ordeal.Yes , Jackie Chan shoots people.So we have here a movie with Jackie Chan where you only see Jackie Chan fight a couple times -LRB- the highlights of this movie -RRB- and then a bizarre climax where pretty much everyone dies.This movie seems far , far longer than the 96 minutes of my life it has stolen .
 Jackie Chan is not the main character , he is n't even dubbed in his own voice . Minimal fight scenes , and the fight scenes they had could 've been done by any acter . This is unlike other Jackie Chan films , the fight scenes just are n't fun . I would n't spend my money on this , instead save your money and buy Drunken Master , or Who Am I , two other Jackie Chan dvds that are worth it .
 This is my first review , but I just Haaaad to say something . Number one , as everyone has stated , Jackie Chan is only one minor prisoner . Number two , there are TWO Tony Leungs , and the Tony Leung who was in ` Gorgeous ' is Tony Leung Chiu Wai , the Tony Leung in The Prisoner is Tony Leung Ka Fai -LRB- from ` The Lover ' -RRB- . I ca n't believe somebody did n't do their research . And number three , you would think that with such a distinguished cast as Jackie Chan , Andy Lau , Tony Leung -LRB- Ka Fai -RRB- and Sammo Hung , that a better film would be the result . What we actually do have is a muddled , confusing mess . If you like any of the actors involved , or are looking for a good representation of Hong Kong cinema , or just a good action yarn - do n't bother .
 Bottom line
 The only reason to watch this movie is a pretty good acting performance by Andy Lau , a beautifully choreographed scene between Andy and Jackie , Sammo in a decent role , and the great Jimmy Wang Yu -LRB- one armed boxer , one armed swordsman -RRB- in a bit part . I thought the ending was just ridiculously stupid as was the entire movie.The commentary makes sure you will watch the dvd twice , but THAT IS IT !!!!! Commentary is not very exciting or anything btu is pretty good and is actually a tad more enjoyable than the movie itself . The guy who directed the Best of the Best movies does it and tells some prettty good stories .
 Please understand that this is NOT the orange Michael W. Smith Worship CD translated directly onto a DVD . This DVD is a compilation of the Worship and Worship Again CDs . Make sure you research the songs contained in this DVD , so you will not be disappointed , as I was .
 This DVD is disappointing to say the least . From the moment Michael enters the arena through the crowd I feel like I 'm watching carefully scripted theatre rather than worship to the King of Kings . The focus here is Michael W. Smith , `` Worship Artist '' . Michael appears stiff and very conscious of the cameras , his movements choreographed . The direction is average , lacking inspiration and repetitive . The only moment I felt my spirit engage was during Awesome God . If you want a truly amazing worship experience on DVD I suggest you avoid this . You 're better off buying Hillsong 's `` Blessed '' or Christian City Church , Oxford Falls ' new album `` Lift '' .
 Michael W. Smith the accomplished songwriter and ccm performer put out this worship video of popular worship songs.I have real mixed feelings on this one . I 'm not a huge fan of Michael W. Smith for various reasons but I originally saw it on christian tv which was an edited version with not all the songs on this dvd , and really like it . A great deal of this performance seemed rather contrived , I guess it was more of a performance than a worship service so that might account for some of it.There was too much posing going on and far too much screaming and applauding by the audience , it made it all look a bit like Michael was the one being worshipped . This is a common problem that needs to be dealt with . The entertainment cult of today -LRB- as I call it -RRB- has invaded the church to some degree . I believe in giving honour where honour is due but it get 's ridiculous on here . Listen carefully to the commentaries as well , they are entertaining often for the wrong reasons.Love the versions of `` above all '' , `` open the eyes of my heart '' and `` draw me close to you '' , prefer Hillsongs dvd 's or Paul Balouche 's new one though , far more worship of God going on on these ones . A couple of songs like `` let is rain '' and `` 40 '' were rather pointless and seemed to go on for a long time . Ironic considering the lyrics of 40 ! I do n't think anyone could cover U2 and do them justice though.Thanks for reading .
 This movie is just plain bad . It never should have been released for public consumption . I honestly can not think of one good thing to say about this movie . It makes no sense that it would have 31/2 stars with 39 reviews . Something fishy is going on here . Enough time wasted on this one .
 English actor Hugh Grant , who may be as close as we 'll get to a modern-day Cary Grant , was on a roll in 1999 . Notting Hill , in which he costarred with Julia Roberts , was a big hit both here and abroad . A couple of months later , Mickey Blue Eyes was released , and Mr. Grant 's career once more rolled headlong into a brick wall . The last time this happened to him was several years ago after he appeared in the surprise comedy smash , Four Weddings and a Funeral . This says less about the charming and affable actor 's talents than it does about his choice of scripts . Mickey Blue Eyes tries very hard to win us over , but neither the humor nor the love interest proves to be first class.Grant plays Michael Felgate , manager of a classy New York auction house . He has fallen madly in love with Gina Vitale -LSB- Jeanne Tripplehorn -RSB- , a school teacher . When he asks her to marry him , she refuses . What he does n't yet know is that her father is in the Mafia , and she does n't want to expose Michael to that lifestyle . Michael decides to talk to Dad , and it only takes a few minutes for Frank Vitale 's -LSB- James Caan -RSB- background to come out . Although Michael swears to Gina that he will not be affected by the situation , he is soon asked to pay back an unasked for favor to the mob . There 's no safe way out for him , and soon more than just his love life is in jeopardy.One factor that weakens Mickey Blue Eyes is a storyline that does not equal that of many Mafioso movies that have preceded it . For example , the story of a guy who gets sucked into the Mob was far funnier in Analyze This . There are a few genuinely funny sight gags , but the rest have been seen before.As for the romance , there is almost no chemistry between Grant and Tripplehorn . One reason is that her character does not dominate the screen in the way Julia Roberts did in Notting Hill or Andie McDowell did in Four Weddings and a Funeral . One trick to a good romantic comedy or drama is to show a woman who is worth pursuing no matter what it might cost a guy . Gina Vitale is not that interesting a character , which makes the contortions Michael Felgate puts himself through seem more silly than amusing.Mickey Blue Eyes is perhaps more entertaining than I have made it sound . Comedy seems to be the hardest genre to describe . The movie has it 's moments . It is neither dull nor dreary . It simply is not as strong as I think it should have been . Mr. Grant deserves better , and I think you do , too .
 This movie had a great idea
 Not a good family movie ... Watch it if you enjoy crass language and blasphemous language/themes . Did not make it through more that 20 min ...
 Hugh Grant had a hard act to follow after ` Notting Hill ' and this film did n't do the trick . Grant 's comedic talent and dry wit were not enough to help this inane script . Like this year 's other mafia spoof , ` Analyze This ' , this comedy about a proper English auctioneer marrying into the mob is n't sure whether it is trying to be serious or slapstick . Unfortunately it fails at both.Grant provides the film 's only redemption , scattering laughs sparsely through the film through sheer talent . Jeanne Tripplehorn looks terrific in a red slip and did a credible job of making this resemble a romantic comedy . James Caan 's dramatic talent was wasted in his vacuous role as the prospective father in law . Probably the best performance was turned in by Burt Young playing the serious don as Uncle Vito.I rated this film a 5/10 . The film has its moments , but not enough of them . For Hugh Grant fans , it 's worth a look . Otherwise you might want to pass .
 `` Mickie Blue Eyes '' is a mob-style comedy that does n't do a very good job of covering either the mob or the comdey part of its genre . I personally enjoy James Caan and got this movie just because of him and the preview . This is not one of James Caan 's better movies and the preview apparently had all the funny material from the movie within it -LRB- once you 've seen the preview you have pretty much seen the only parts of the movie that were any good -RRB- .
 Bought this movie because I like it , but it wo n't play in my DVD player . I was warned when I purchased it that it was region specific , however I thought it would play on Australian equipment . Very disappointed .
 A movie with a script that has a potential ! It is promising a certain degree of entertainment but Later on the movie bores the heck out ! The Mob family concept in the movie is far beyond being entertaining . In other words I 'd definately Rent the DVD then Buying it !
 Hugh Grant is not too offensive in this role . He is not too cutesy here , and that is something for which to be thankful . In the film Grant 's character Michael is engaged to marry Gina , the daughter of an Italian-American mobster -LRB- played by James Caan -RRB- . Michael is a successful auctioneer , and after his engagement to Gina , Gina 's father starts using Michael and his connections to the art world to launder money . Soon the FBI is onto the scheme -LRB- with Kids in the Hall 's Scott Thompson as a particularly funny FBI officer -RRB- . Michael attempts to hide these dealings from Gina -LRB- Michael of course did not want to get involved with all of this illicit activity in the first place but was railroaded-it is the mafia after all -RRB- . When Gina finds out their relationship crumbles . An accident causes even more problems , potentially fatal ones . Overall this is not a great movie and not even particularly funny . However , you will be able to sit through it and maybe get some entertainment value from it .
 Director Kelly Makin infiltrates the mob in `` Mickey Blue Eyes , '' a comedy starring Hugh Grant and James Caan . Art House auctioneer Michael Felgate -LRB- Grant -RRB- is in love ; when he asks Gina -LRB- Jeanne Tripplehorn -RRB- to marry him , though , she turns him down , and he has n't a clue as to why . What he does n't know is that her father , Frank Vitale -LRB- Caan -RRB- , is a member of a `` family '' run by Vito Graziosi -LRB- Burt Young -RRB- , and Gina realizes that if she marries Michael he will automatically become a part of it all , whether he wants to or not . She loves him , but she wants to protect him from the life into which she was born . An admirable notion ; she will sacrifice her love in order to keep him out of trouble . Michael , however , is not about to accept her answer without further investigation . He decides it 's time to meet her father . When Frank finds out , he is delighted , and he prepares to take Michael into the family . Before he can formally introduce his son-in-law-to-be to Vito and the other family members , however , he realizes some training is in order . That British accent , for one thing , just wo n't cut it . In what turns out to be one of the funniest scenes in the movie , Frank then attempts to coach Michael in the finer aspects of `` mob '' dialect . Well , `` F'gedduhboudit . '' Michael comes off sounding more like Elmer Fudd on Prozac . By the time Michael finally meets Vito , he has become `` Mickey Blue Eyes , '' a connection from out of town , and a man of few words . An amiable enough comedy , Makin keeps it all fairly light-hearted , and there are some humorous moments ; all in all , however , there just is n't a lot of laughs here . Grant does a good job with Mickey , relying on his usual stammering and innocent countenance enough to win over the audience . Tripplehorn makes her Gina just sympathetic enough to make her likable , putting the martyr-for-love aspect to good use . Unfortunately , there is n't much chemistry between the two ; the performances are satisfactory , but their characters lack that certain something that makes you really want to root for them . Caan does well in a roll to which he is perfectly suited ; in fact , it would seem that this part was written specifically for him . Young is convincing as Vito , but he really does n't have much to work with ; he looks the part , but it 's a thankless endeavor . Joe Viterelli adds a nice touch as `` Vinnie the Shrimp , '' and with this one and `` Analyze This '' under his belt , he should be a made guy by now . The rest of the supporting cast includes James Fox -LRB- Philip Cromwell -RRB- , Gerry Becker -LRB- Agent Connell -RRB- , Maddie Corman -LRB- Carol -RRB- , Tony Darrow -LRB- Angelo -RRB- and Paul Lazar -LRB- Ritchie Vitale -RRB- . If your looking for some light entertainment and a few laughs , and especially if you 're a fan of Hugh Grant , `` Mickey Blue Eyes '' will fill the bill . Though far from memorable , it 's not too bad , either ; just the ticket , perhaps , for whiling away a pleasant evening without having to think too much .
 This film was n't that satisfying to me . I was honestly ready for it to end for quite some time before it did . Micky Blue Eyes did n't seem to know whether or not it wanted to be a comedy or if it wanted to be serious . The film was confusing , too coincidental , silly , and unbelievable . The cast was all decent in their roles though . Some people may get a kick out of Micky Blue Eyes , but to me it was n't that captivating . There 's a funny moment here and there , but that was rare . I managed to sit through the whole film ; so it was n't completely bad in other words , but it did have some flaws that I 've already mentioned . Try something else . I actually give this 2.5 stars .
 Beware , I will be giving away a few plot points.Somebody somewhere thought that Hugh Grant could be his impish self and make this fish-out-of-water work . It would have been better if the whole thing slept with the fishes.This could be the worst script of 1999 . Grant , an auctioneer at an art house , is about to become engaged to Jeanne Tipplehorne who 's father James Cahn just happens to be a small-time figure in a mob-family . Cahn 's associates get involved and somehow get Grant to launder mob money by auctioning off the truly awful paintings of the mob-boss ' son to mob-boss associates who in turn never actually pay for them . Given the lengths the film goes to display Grant 's goody-two-shoes nature , it 's preposterous to begin with.Well , things go a bit astray , thanks to the truly bizare plot point of Grant willing to commit another feloney -LRB- tipping off an auction participant when a painting has passed its actual value -RRB- and through an incredibly convoluted series of events , mob-boss ' son dies . Nobody but Grant and Tipplehorne knows who the real killer is . And the hilarity/hijinks just rolls from here.Tipplehorne is pretty much a throwaway character here and we 're expected to beleive that she 'll just disappear after mob-boss son 's death . Caan sort of plays this as a cross between Sonny and Freddo Corleone . He has some of Sonny 's power and violence and is as naive , if not necessarily as stupid as Freddo . Grant gives his usual -LRB- which is also becoming tiresome -RRB- nice guy in extrodinary circumstances performance.If all this is confusing so far , the ending may have you looking at the screen with the expression of a dog hearing a high pitched sound . Are we to assume that all of Mob-bosses associates are going to ignore what they 've just seen ?
 Mmmmm , yes Hugh plays a bumbling English cliche . And guess what ? He falls in love with an American ! Wow . Now for the twist - she is the daughter of a gangster - so there 's the cue for more cliched stereotypes - ooooo the hilarity of it all . You can imagine the fun that ensues , yes that is right IMAGINE , keep it in you imagination by all means , but do not under any circumstances view first hand - I feel that I have done penence for the world by watching this . PS - Any Americans reading ? Please stop asking us poor Brits to say ` forget about it '
 I saw this movie at the cinema . Having enjoyed other Hugh Grant flicks , I did n't expect this movie to be the total stinker it turned out to be . I thought Grant and Jeanne Triplehorn were a mis-matched couple . The acting was so-so , the plot very thin , and the humour strained . Overall , this movie was n't worth the price we paid to see it , and I have no desire to ever watch it again .
 Face it , these kind of movies exist only for the sex and nudity , so what on earth possesses the idiots who put such films on DVD to cut out the original sex and nude scenes ? It 's like cutting Godzilla out of a Godzilla movie . What 's left ? A hot video becomes a boring DVD because these morons think they can improve the original movie by slicing out most of what the viewers want to see . -LRB- They did the same thing with `` Secret Games '' and many other sexy videos when they came out on DVD . -RRB- What a waste . Get the video , or wait until these jackasses wake up and release the original uncut version on DVD .
 The DVD version is `` R '' and most of the totaly hot scenes are much edited . I emailed and called the company with no response . Stick to the unedited video version . You 'll be much happier . Its totally hot .
 The sound and picture quality are terrible ! Looks and sounds like an amatuer video . It is a real shame that such a great man is portrayed in an awful DVD . Do n't buy this DVD . It is a waste of money .
 I do n't think this film should be labelled as `` film noir '' . Its main characters are extremely wealthy Manhattan residents who overdo the `` rich snob '' act . Most of the scenes take place in apartment sets that look more appropriate to an Astaire film . While Gene Tierney is truly beautiful to watch , she fails to convey much of a sense of a femme fatale . When you first see her acting in a Clifton Webb flashback , she is way too `` goody two shoes '' to support a noir film . Speaking of Webb , neither he nor Vincent Price is at all convincing as a man who might successfully compete for a beautiful woman 's attention . Frankly , both of them act more like caricatures of gay New Yorkers than as romantic leads . You might as well write a movie script that has Felix Unger as the prime suspect .
 Many consider Otto Preminger 's `` Laura '' to be one of the shining stars of the film noir genre . The concept of a murdered woman who may not be dead after all certainly is compelling enough to serve as the basis for an intriguing film , but `` Laura '' just can not make the most of its potential.Detective Mark McPherson -LRB- Dana Andrews -RRB- is investigating the murder of Laura Hunt -LRB- Gene Tierney -RRB- , an up-and-comer in the advertising business . His two prime suspects are Waldo Lydecker -LRB- Clifton Webb -RRB- , a mentor to the deceased woman , and Shelby Carpenter -LRB- Vincent Price -RRB- , a slimy opportunist who was wooing the victim . As McPherson gets deeper into his investigation , he starts to develop an obsession with the dead woman . He gazes at her portrait longingly and wonders to himself just what kind of woman she was . One night after searching her apartment , McPherson dozes off and is shocked by the identity of the person who eventually awakens him . `` Laura '' is one of those frustrating films that should have been better than it was . The performances are all notable with Webb 's being a particular standout . Tierney is beautiful as the victim of the story and it is easy to see why she would attract McPherson 's attention even after her death . Yet , it becomes tiring to see McPherson bluffing his way out of situations over and over in an investigation where Lydecker actually does most of the investigating . Additionally , the sequence where McPherson finds the murder weapon is so clumsily shot that it drains all credibility from the film . In the end , the only certain thing that can be said about `` Laura '' is that among the better regarded film noir works from decades past , it is the one with the highest `` camp '' quotient and that is n't necessarily a good thing .
 Viewed
 Another classic movie that is n't . The acting is n't all that great , especially Vincent Price miscast and unconvincing as the movie 's dandy ; I did n't believe for a moment that a real Laura would have ever had any interest in him . And the moment we learn that Laura falls for the cop , Dana Andrew 's Lt. McPherson , is a true groaner . Even Gene Tierney does n't really impress . Yes , she 's beautiful . But she is also stuck in a movie with two love interests that do n't work ; there are _ no _ memorable scenes in this movie involving her . Last , but definitely not least , the murder mystery is at most mediocre.So what generates the high interest and ratings for this movie ? One has to suppose it is a period piece , one that really worked in its day . Tierney wears one dress that must have been a serious wow ` er back in the 40s . And perhaps the music is as good as some reviewers suggest . In sum , even so , count this one as seriously overrated .
 Laura , 1944 filmIt was a very hot day when Laura Hunt was murdered by a shotgun blast . Mr. Waldo Lydecker was questioned by another detective , Mark MacPherson . Lydecker writes a newspaper column on crime and murders . Laura 's aunt is questioned about her payments to Mr. Shelby Carpenter . Lt. MacPherson goes to Laura 's apartment , where her murder occurred . Laura came to New York to work in advertising , and tries to get a paid endorsement from Lydecker -LRB- how things work -RRB- . Lydecker changed his mind , and became a promoter of Laura . She now moved in High Society circles . The story tells about the lives of Laura , Waldo , and Shelby . Laura helped Shelby , and Waldo is now jealous . The film shows the attitudes of the people in those days , according to Hollywood . Who bought a bottle of `` Black Pony '' scotch to Laura 's place?The film is slow-paced and talky , like a stage play . There is a shocking surprise while Lt. MacPherson is in Laura 's apartment . We learn more about Laura 's past activities . The question now is who made a mistake in killing the woman ? Shelby tells Lt. MacPherson about what happened Friday night . So all of Laura 's friends are invited over for the grand finale , where the detective will interview all the people and solve the crime in a dramatic ending . There is another complication with Laura 's behavior . But Lt. MacPherson figures out the likely suspect at the end.This film runs on until the ending that explains it all . I thought this story was implausible .
 I try to be -LSB- kind of -RSB- cultural and view the classics but I do n't get it with this one . I know it may be because of the era , but this movie more resembles a play than a cinematic movie . I found nothing visually interesting or beholding here.The story is a murder mystery that takes a 90 degree turn in the middle of the movie ... which takes the air out of the whole `` mystery '' aura . It 's really not a mystery amyway since the perpetrator can be narrowed down to only 4 suspects.This movie consists of a murder victim , her trustfund-baby lover -LRB- Vincent Price in a very different role for what he would be later known for -RRB- , her obviously gay , svengali-like mentor , a devoted housekeeper and an extremely instrusive detective . Each charactor is horribly annoying and spewing out dialogue that is not only unbelievable but also completely intolerable to a normal person . I know in a `` film noir '' , the viewer should accept the quirks for what they are but the dialogue and mannerisms are so utterly ridiculous.The most appealing aspect of the film is the actress who plays `` Laura '' , Gene Tierney . Holy Smokes was she gorgeous and elegant looking . What is fascinating is that she is the voice of reason within the film but , I believe , she suffered from mental illness and led a tragic life after this film.I caught this on cable and TeeVoed it . I watched it because this is considered a must see , `` classic '' film . In that I watched it late night -LRB- my only opportunity -RRB- , I was only able to watch it in 30 minute increments before I started to doze off . Consider that a warning/sneak preview .
 Plot falls together nicely , but one can easily figure the culprit with a little concentration . If one can get over the musical theme which is played incessantly over and over and over ... one might be inclined to rate the film higher . I could n't and wo n't .
 I ordered this DVD early LAST YEAR , and it is yet to be released . There are so many mediocre if not downright awful films that are always being released onto video and DVD , yet this film , which is truly one of the best classics of all time , is still not available . What is Fox doing ?
 I bought it because I was named after this movie and yet I still have n't watched it but I will some day .
 Film noir ? Hardly . At least one other reviewer down there hit the nail on the head . This movie is just absolutely horrible . At an absolutely bare-bones minimum , give me anything by Bogart/Bacall . Better yet , give me something along the lines of Lady from Shanghai or anything by Welles . This is just trite , over-acted trash . Avoid at all costs .
 I was n't told that the DVD I was to purchase could be not compatible with my DVD set . Now I know there are several zones and a DVD readable by USA devices does n't work in Europe sets . Too late .
 All previous reviews follow -LRB- below -RRB- this one.This 9-8-12 update is for Amazon product issue : Format
 Maybe I just was n't in the mood , but I was utterly disappointed.With such a compelling premise -LRB- a supremely gifted pianist born on a ship who becomes an agoraphobe -RRB- , so much could have been done in terms of character and story development . With a highly-regarded Tornatore directing the likes of Tim Roth , I thought this would have been a slam dunk.First of all , the script could have gone through another revision . While the dialogue sequences in the end with the two central characters were well-written , I cringed so many times for the first 3/4 of the film . The dialogue was stunted , awkward and contrived -LRB- think Steven Segal does heart-wrenching drama -RRB- . Also , having the world stop in awe as a narrative device whenever Tim Roth 's character played the piano and/or Vince 's character tell stories about him seemed a bit much . The awe and empathy is for the audiences to decide , not the supporting cast . Perhaps something was lost in the Italian-English translation.Tim Roth and Pruitt Taylor Vince were perhaps miscast . While empathy for the characters is vitally important for the story to be effective , both actors seemed to try too hard , which results in contrivance , and left me not caring at all . Though Roth and Vince are good character actors -LRB- esp . Roth -RRB- , maybe it 's the direction from Tornatore . It 's forgivable to have a bit of melodrama , but it gets a little annoying when you 're hit over the head with it over and over throughout the film . I like to be SHOWN , not TOLD , how to feel for these characters.The Rachmaninoff-style music , while well composed , got overbearing , especially the orchestral soundtrack . A more subdued and subtle use of the soundtrack would have made a lot of the scenes less melodramatic and sappy -LRB- especially for characters you do n't really care about -RRB- . Varying the music stylistically may have helped . The music plays an important role in the story , which makes it even more important how it 's used as a narrative device - `` Shine '' , `` Amadeus '' , and `` This is Spinal Tap '' are examples of music-centric films that are effective in balancing music as backstory and music as narrative device.Speaking of music - as in any storytelling medium , the central character should be more interesting than the music . If Tornatore had focused more on developing a narrative around Roth 's character -LRB- i.e. his childhood on the ship -RRB- , and used the music as more of a backdrop , I bet that it would have made it a more interesting film.The pacing of the film was a bit off . Perhaps it was due to the studio chopping off chunks of the film -LRB- originally 160 minutes -RRB- and squishing it down to two hours . The cinematography was good though . Kudos to the DP.I 'm giving it one star for a promising premise , and another star to give it a benefit of a doubt that I may marginally like it more on a different day .
 This movie has a great premise . In 1900 , the year after which the main character is named , the world was changing from a place where one 's entire world was confined within a few miles ' horse-ride from his home into the world of mind-numbing complexity stretching out in all directions , as alluded to in the final scene . The sea was the romantic call to someone of the 19th century , and the ship visiting the city could have been a powerful metaphor for the cultural change.Unfortunately , this movie feels like it was written and filmed by an immature teenager . This movie has all the characteristics of a boy of about 14 . To name a few , there 's silly scripted swearing that sounds like someone trying to look tough ; a sappy , over-romanticized vision of beauty -LRB- she conveniently pauses at each porthole so we can see her as she walks along the deck -RRB- ; an absurd testosterone showdown , where the performances are intended to ... and over-the-top purple-heart sophistry on the meaning of life , and how some people are just not meant for this crazy world . Plus a big improbable EXPLOSION thrown in ! -LRB- I guess the scrap metal market must have been pretty depressed in postwar England , so they just blew those old boats up ... -RRB- To add to the mess , the director destroys what little mood he can work up with jarring edits , ineptly ordered flashbacks and jaw-droppingly stupid dialogue . The worst example in the script is his rendering of the boat-as-world metaphor into garbled `` god 's piano '' psychobabble in the final scene . To make it even worse , he then immediately tacks on some kind of -LRB- supposedly -RRB- comic relief about having one 's left arm blown-off and replaced by a right arm -- apparently to ensure the removal of any tiny amount of emotional power there might have been in this scene . The rest of the movie is peppered with cutesy aphorisms like `` Life is worth living as long as you have a story and someone to tell it to '' . Movie magic can allow us to overlook - or even celebrate - the bizarre coincidences and strange occurrences . The cigarette-on-the-strings bit works , more or less . But the the director does n't give us enough magical moments to allow us to want to believe in any of the 10 or 15 improbabilities in the script . `` Can I play my trumpet ONE LAST TIME ? '' `` Hey , I just GLUED that song BACK TOGETHER ! And they 're blowing up the ship TOMORROW ! '' . I think I would have loved the scene of the piano on the rolling ship , if I was n't so distracted wondering how they managed to keep the bench and piano together . And am I supposed to believe that only `` one guy '' notices the Statue of Liberty ? It 's right beside the freakin ' ship!The only mildly worthy bit of this otherwise unwatchable movie is the Jelly Roll Morton scene , which has some exciting piano playing . However , this is mitigated by the one-dimensional portrayal of Jelly Roll , and the confusingly equivocal quality Tim Roth gives to the confrontation . It seemed like this would have been a good time to -LRB- finally ! -RRB- give us some insight into the character , like his apparent dislike of competition and love of the music . ... This movie might have been great . Instead , it 's a mess . Give it a pass . If you still are thinking about watching this movie , get Ennio Morricone 's soundtrack instead . Assuming it has the piano duel on it .
 I ordered the movie for my collection from Amazon . But it did n't come from Amazon . I came from an outside vendor that misrepresented it . It said it was a `` full screen '' version , but what I got was the `` wide screen '' version . Of coarse , no response from Amazon or the vendor . At least I got a copy of the movie .
 This is an interesting , entertaining movie in many respects , and certainly the acting is excellent . What stands out to me , however , is that this is a kind of `` great white hope '' story . The character `` 1900 '' -LRB- Tim Roth -RRB- is sui generis -- a unique oceanic human that is born , lives , and dies on an ocean liner without ever setting foot on land . Of course , he is the offspring of an unknown European immigrant mother , who abandoned him ; notwithstanding his de facto adoptive black father -LRB- Bill Nunn -RRB- , `` 1900 '' he still represents Eurocentric values and attitudes.Like Sylvester Stallone 's `` Rocky , '' Giuseppe Tornatore 's `` 1900 '' is a fictional character whose greatness is ultimately measured by his ability to beat the black champion . In Rocky 's case , of course , the opponent-champion , Apollo Creed -LRB- Carl Weathers -RRB- was also a fictional character . But it does n't take a doctorate to see that Creed 's character represented the reality of heavyweight championship fighting being dominated by black fighters . `` Rocky II '' -LRB- the come-back episode where Rocky beats Creed -RRB- was necessarily birthed out of the white psyche 's need to justify themselves as the necessary center of western society.Tornatore 's story of the oceanic keyboard player , which is supposed to be based upon another Italian theatrical production , is pretty much the same kind of story when viewed from the lens of `` race '' and racism . Tornatore 's `` 1900 '' is also the white upstart facing a black champion , except the contest is musical , though hardly less combative . Of course , in contrast to Apollo Creed , Tornatore 's `` great white hope '' faces off against a real historical figure , and a giant in the annals of African American music , Ferdinand `` Jelly Roll '' Morton -LRB- 1890-1941 -RRB- . In one of the most dramatic moments of the movie , Roth 's `` 1900 '' hesitantly faces off with an arrogant but brilliant Morton -LRB- Clarence Williams III -RRB- -LSB- Roth and Williams were also co-stars in `` Bumpy Johnson '' -RSB- . At first `` 1900 '' only dabbles at the keys , showing respect to the great black master -LRB- the narrator is sure to tell us that Morton 's greatness lies in the fact that he invented a music that could be played in whorehouses with much success -RRB- . Then `` 1900 '' reproduces Morton 's brilliant playing like a virtual recording , further infuriating his black opponent . In the last round of their musical competition , `` 1900 '' unleashes his master-race abilities at the piano , and humiliates Morton by almost literally burning up the keys . As if that were n't enough , Tornotare has `` 1900 '' smarting off as the defeated Morton quietly slips off the boat at port . `` F -- k Jazz , '' says `` 1900 . '' `` The Legend of 1900 '' is ultimately a tale of white-racial oneupmanship more than it is a story about music and musicians , or about a man who is afraid to live on land because it seems endless and mind-boggling to him . Nor is it just a fantasy about a white super-musician who can exceed and excel the great classical music tradition of the U.S.A. , Jazz . At its fullest , it is a story that illustrates the white man 's belief that no matter how brilliant and powerful the contributions of his black fellow man , white people 's music -- like everything else in the construct of western culture -- affirms white-centeredness , even white supremacy.It is no surprise that such a figure as the stubborn `` 1900 '' must be blown up at the end of the story , dying with the only ocean home he knew . This is where the parallel between `` 1900 '' and `` Rocky '' ends . The `` Italian Stallion '' series continued , probably because the majority psyche of the U.S.A. is much more desperately in need of a `` great white hope , '' and much more likely to market them to the point of absurdity . On the other hand , Tornatore understands that to perfect his white `` legend , '' he must blow him up at the end -- kill him off quickly so that the character `` 1900 '' can transcend -LRB- escape -RRB- Tornatore 's disingenous and disrespectful use of the real genius of `` Jelly Roll '' Morton . `` 1900 '' is not only a `` legend , '' he is a fake legend , and if anyone deserves to be dismissed with the `` f-word , '' it 's him . Unlike Morton , he never existed . What really exists , however , is a pervasive mentality among too many whites -LRB- but not all of them ! -RRB- which requires them to feel themselves superior and to dismiss dark humanity and its great contributions as secondary to their own .
 This movie did not work . I bought it cause I loved the movie ... Unfortunaly I was stuck with the movie cause it didnt work on any dvd set nor x-box or playstation 3
 It takes better than two hours to find out if the faux legendary pianist 1900 will go down with the Virginian when it is blown up at sea after being taken out of service . And it is two completely wasted hours . Hard to say what is most annoying -- the omnipresent voiceover , the philosophical twaddle that rationalizes why he never leaves the ship , the philosophical twaddle when he almost leaves the ship , the bad acting , the farcical piano duel with Jelly Roll Morton , the fleeting love story with a young passenger who looks like Amelia Earhart confused about why she 's on a ship instead of her plane . The movie is splendidly photographed -- give it that much . I watched it because of the director 's earlier Cinema Paradiso . He is a far better cinematic teller of memoirs than of fables .
 I emailed the following to the seller and never received a response : I saw 1900 -LRB- not in its entirely -RRB- on TV and loved the movie . I kept checking to see when it would be shown again so I could record it . Finally I ordered it and was anxious to watch it and then have some friends over to watch it.After watching it , I ca n't invite my friends . I had to keep turning the volume up and down . It was often so difficult to hear the dialogue and I would turn it up , then the background music/sounds would overpower the voices and be very loud and I 'd turn it back down . I missed some things because I could n't understand what they were saying . The mixing was terrible . I agree with my husband , who has a music studio and knows all about mixing.Is this a quirk in a few DVDs or all they all like this ? Also , is there an edited version without so much cussing ? I do n't remember all of that in the TV version .
 ~ One very important point that neither supporters nor detractors of this movie have mentioned is that it seems to be a metaphor for cinema.Mind you , it is easily missed , in fact , I ca n't say for certain it was even intended ! But just below the surface lies a resigned nostalgia that suggests the `` greatness '' of cinema is a thing of the past . Like a big old rusted ship about to be consumed by an indifferent ocean , the film implies that cinema is washed-up ; the brilliance and splendour it once had has gone , and now it can only aspire to repetitious cycles of dead-in-the-water entertainment 's - one lumbering `` Titanic '' after another.When one considers that Tornatore is the creator of that other over-blown `` paean '' to movies , CINEMA PARADISO , it is n't beyond the realm of possibility to assert that `` cinema '' could be one of his thematic preoccupations . The structure of THE LEGEND OF 1900 -LRB- particularly the early scenes -RRB- parallels the emergence of film , and given the year of production it 's not too much of a stretch to see it as another `` tribute '' to -LRB- or comment on -RRB- the first 100 years of the medium.There is a pivotal scene near the end of the film where Max -LRB- Pruitt Taylor Vince -RRB- searches for the character known as `` 1900 '' -LRB- Tim Roth -RRB- within the rusted bowels of the abandoned ship -LRB- the wreckage of cinema -RRB- . 1900 has never been on dry land , and as the ship creaks and groans beneath them , Max hopes to convince him to leave the ship before it is destroyed . He describes the world beyond the vessel as a place of infinite choice , but 1900 replies that he ca n't abandon the only reality he has ever known . In his heart Max knows that 1900 could never accept the `` sea of anonymity '' -LRB- mediocrity -RRB- that life on dry land -LRB- modern commercial crowd-pleasing movies -RRB- promises . Having no place in this world , 1900 -LRB- the embodiment of `` true '' art -RRB- goes down with the ship -LRB- the discarded notion of cinematic art -RRB- . Perhaps Tornatore is signalling his own intention to go down with it . On the evidence of this film , it 's a loss I could live with.So , did Tornatore intend THE LEGEND OF 1900 as a denunciation of big-budget commercial Euro-puddings , cleverly made in the vacuous style of its worst excesses -LRB- criticising the likes of James Cameron 's equally wretched TITANIC by emulating it ! -RRB- , or has he simply made a vacuous film ? If Tornatore does believe that the glory of cinema has gone , it 's highly plausible that he made this film as a sad celebration of its passing , a `` wake '' of sorts , trailing wistfully behind the phantom ship of the lost glory of movies . -LRB- Oh dear , I 'm beginning to sound like him ! -RRB- But I fear I 'm giving this slice of over-boiled ham more credit than it is due . It pains me to have to even give it one star . I whole-heartedly share Zachary Norwood 's astonishment at how highly this film is regarded . That such a lame , manipulative commodity should elicit such impassioned approval crushes the spirit of those with more cinematic discernment -LRB- and hope for the medium -RRB- . Where Zachary recommends films like LAST TANGO , I 'd be more inclined to suggest anything by Alexander Sokurov , Bela Tarr , Michael Haneke , Theo Angelopoulos , Robert Bresson , Carl Dreyer , Sharunas Bartas , Zhang-ke Jai , Hou Hsiao-hsien , Tsai Ming-liang , Bruno Dumont , Gaspar Noe , Jacques Rivette , Jean-Marie Straub , Chantel Akerman , Claire Denis , Margarite Duras , or Jean-Luc Godard , a short list that barely skims the surface of the depth of cinematic choice available , and in relation to which something as gratuitous and banal as THE LEGEND OF 1900 pales into insignificance . -LRB- For lovers of Tim Roth , I suggest his remarkable directorial debut , THE WAR ZONE , or any of his English work as an actor , particularly MADE IN BRITAIN by the under-rated and extraordinary Alan Clarke . -RRB- As a `` fairy-tale for grownups '' , THE LEGEND OF 1900 flatters the laziest of viewers , which demeans grownups and fairy tales . As one character says , `` You 're never really done-for as long as you have a good story and someone to tell it to '' - or did he mean to say , `` someone to sell it to '' ? ~
 If there was a minus star , this movie would get it . Am I crazy , or what ? Last night I started watching this movie , which I had rented on DVD . OK -- now my problem is this . While the movie had sound -- music , chairs being moved , crowds shouting in the background , when the charactors spoke , their lips moved and nothing came out . This went on and on , till I jumped forward to the middle of the movie , and it was the same there . Did I get a faulty copy ? Blockbuster only had one copy , so that was it.From the reviews , I get the idea that this movie is very good , but frankly , I 'm at a loss . What gives with the lip work ?
 The fat guy starts the movie with `` this story is so amazing nobody would believe me '' . After almost 2,5 hour suffering , I could answer him
 I first saw this on a cross country flight . I saw it recently on DVD . The DVD is well done - nice quality . Beautiful camera work . But the movie was long , boring and flat . I was reminded while watching that after the first viewing I spent the month it was in inflight rotation - reading instead of movie watching while jetting cross country . This movie is one of the reasons people take their laptops and their own movies on flights today . Pass !
 Formula = nice music , existential nonsense , pathetic writing , irritating actors , catatonic plot development = 1900 !!!!!!!! If staring deeply into the eyes of ugly fat guys with bad teeth and twitchy eyes is your idea of a good time , this movie is for you.Just like the Titanic , you ca n't wait for this ship to go down .
 If you 're into foul language and boredom , this is the film for you . Geared for the 13-year-old male , this lame duck tries to shock as well as amuse . It 's all so dreadfully dull . My copy goes into the waste bin . Chalk up another stinker for Dan Aykroyd . Did Walter Mathau need the money ?
 say this film the other night & while the cast was interesting & certain things worked overall the story itself never quite jived with all the Folks involved within the film.things seemed a bit off.Dan Aykroyd was pretty good here as was Walter Matthau but the film just did n't move me enough .
 oh my , this movie was just wrong ! I give it a single star for the australian girl-friend . You knew what was going to happen , before it happend , your typical horror movie that played with the `` boo effect '' that has gone to crap over the years . You have the actress who played
 I just rented this movie for the cover art hoping to get a nice surprise . The script is just your average gate way to hell open by little kids . I would n't even recommend it as a rental . Bottom line is this movie is horrible avoid it like the plague .
 James Toback on occasion makes the good films , Two Girls and a Guy and Black & White being two good movies he has done ... a real bad one would be When Will I Be Loved with Neve Campbell which was so annoying and the characters were so annoying . Adrian Grenier -LRB- HBO 's Entourage -RRB- , who 's only good in times when he 's preaching what his teacher has said or when he 's blitzed out of his mind on 500 Grams of the new `` LSD '' other then that he 's flat , plays the Harvard Man here who is sleeping with his Professer , played by Joey Lauren Adams -LRB- Chasing Amy -RRB- and also a daughter of a Mafioso , played by Sarah Michelle Gellar -LRB- Tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- and who borrows money from the don in order to buy his parents , whose old house got destroyed in a hurricane , a new house but then things suddenly go down hill with his friends and the don and some cops and then he takes the 500 Grams of LSD in which everything around him suddenly changes in reality , bends and contorts and he 's preaching nonsense and hearing voices in his head . Adds up to being a big headache of a movie . Sarah Michelle isnt special here ... she has some scenes where 's shes being a naughty girl but she isnt that great , Adams is really flat , Eric Stoltz -LRB- SciFi 's The Triangle -RRB- and Rebecca Gayheart -LRB- Nothing To Lose -RRB- are wasted , so is John Neville -LRB- Urban Legend -RRB- , Ray Allen -LRB- He Got Game -RRB- didnt act in this and Al Franken -LRB- Saturday Night Live , Stuart Saves His Family -RRB- had a funny cameo . Could 've been better , hey and it could 've been worse .
 WHAT A DIssapointment ... just finished watching it ... I love Sarah ... but What the heck was going on ... wasted 4 bucks on a rental ... I rented it for Sarah ... she looks great , and did fine ... but the story could have been so much better ... good actors , bad story ... if u rent that is fine , but dont say I didnt warn u
 Two stars for having Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ray Allen in believable and well-portrayed roles . Otherwise this -LRB- deservedly -RRB- direct-to-video movie is a mess filled with extraneous jump-cuts , overdone acid-trip subjective view effects , cliched mob boss scenes , gangsters so stupid that it 's not funny , and even dumber FBI agents . Do n't trust ryan deffley 's review , he could n't even get the facts straight in his synopsis . -LRB- the mob boss DID NOT want or instigate the point-shaving scheme -RRB- Adrian Grenier did a creditable job as the main character who tries to find meaning in life , but at the end settles for being himself and doing what he enjoys . For a better movie involving gambling , gangsters , and getting out of trouble , try _ Rounders _ . Al Franken 's appearance as himself was fun .
 Honestly , the only reason for me seeing Harvard Man is the presence of Sarah Michelle Gellar in the film . I believe her being in the film is what actually sold the movie to a studio . Rightfully done , since she was the only entertaining part of the whole film . And even her performance was a bit weak.Harvard Man tells the story of a young Harvard student -LRB- Who is experimental with drugs , and is fairly promiscuous -RRB- who gets involved with a mob boss ' daughter . When a bet is made between the two that leads to him throwing a highly important basketball game , all goes down hill . Fairly simple , yet I found myself losing the point of the story occasionally . Just why exactly did the FBI want with the Harvard guy ? To have a link to the big mobster guy ? Hm?Along with the dialogue , performances seem a bit rushed . The only one who seems to sit back and enjoy was Eric Stoltz . Not that he has much screen time . The main star here is Adrian Grier -LRB- Drive Me Crazy -RRB- . I did n't enjoy his performance . Only when he was high off of 15,000 somethings of ecstasy was his performance even the least bit interesting . Sarah Michelle Gellar was great as always , and actually seemed to take the movie into her own hands . Joey Lauren Adams is undeniably cute , and she fairs well . Rebecca Gayheart was shortly seen , and her character just seemed off . And were the two Italian hitmen supposed to be for comedy relief ? No , to me , they were just plain annoying.Hard to say if I 'll ever sit through another watching of Harvard Man . Ever . Again .
 I dearly love Sarah Michelle Gellar and Joey Lauren Adams . The whole reason I bought this movie in a $ 5.99 bargain bin was because of the two of them . And neither nor both of them was enough to save this film for me.This movie jumps and bounces all over the place . The basketball player is cheating on the mafia girl with his professor . The professor is cheating on the basketball player with a couple of swingers . The chemistry student made up LSD `` according to the original formula '' and the basketball player carried it on a plane and no drug dogs caught him ? And a Harvard student is stupid enough to take five doses when he 's been warned only to take one?And as if the previous part of the movie was n't bad enough ... then we get to watch the rest of the movie through the funhouse mirror of an LSD trip , the swingers coincidentally turn out to be FBI agents investigating the mafia girl 's dad , the deal with the dad turns out to be a sham ... what the HECK?Sorry but this movie stinks . Like I said above , I only paid $ 5.99 in a bargain bin for it and I feel like I got ripped off .
 could 've been better . sarah michelle gellar is n't so great in it and niether is rebecca gayheart . i love the scene when adrian grenier 's character is rolling . now that 's an actor ! it 's basically a story of a basketball player that suddenly needs a lot of money to help his parents and gets tied up in mob business . you just have to see it for yourself ... especially if you are an adrian grenier fan ~
 i wanted to like this movie , as i live near harvard -LRB- yes , `` harvard man '' was very obviously shot in cambridge -RRB- and i adore sarah michelle gellar . but this is a very poorly written movie ; the actors do the best they can , but the dialogue is trite and frankly the leading man is entirely unsympathetic . once the acid-trip sequence is a half hour old , you will be hoping he just dies so the movie will end.i guess this thing is sort of ok , but rent before buying .
 I rented this movie because the synopsis honestly sounded entertaining . I wish I could have actually watched the movie ; however , 10 minutes in not one shot had held still . First , a scene where it visibly cuts and jumps every 3 seconds , then an entire scene filmed circling the characters who are speaking , then a scene that moves between someone pacing and zooming and panning of a crowd . I was nauseous and had completely forgotten the meaning of the word ` stationary ' . If you value your equilibrium , try a different movie by someone who can set up a tripod .
 I 'm not even sure how long this movie dragged on , it seemed at least 21/2 hours . . 95 % of this movie is filmed with some wierd filter or effect that tints everything red and underexposes anything white , which drove me nuts . The plot is just terrible , and the acting even worse . Sarah Michelle Gellar and Joey Lauren Adams are the only decent thing about this movie , and even their quality acting is degraded by this script . The LSD scenes are a beginners tutorial in kai 's power goo , and the overall message of the film is on par with the just-say-no campaign . I like to rent B movies and see what young and unseen directors and actors can do , but seriously . . this is a pile of crap , save your money .
 Harvard Man is n't a very good film . The plot seems transparent , but the plot is actually better than you 'd guess . I was pleasantly surprised that the plot ended up being somewhat good . The acting is n't very good at all . SMG does her best to play a limited part , but just ca n't carry the film . I really thought I would like this film as I 'm a huge SMG fan and I really like some of the other actors in this move . When it was over , I felt I had wasted my time and really felt this move should n't get any stars . There is a reason it went direct to DVD . Huge SMG fans should rent this one ... . everyone else should rent something else .
 The only reason why I decided to buy this movie was because Sarah Michelle Gellar was in it . And well that 's maybe because I am the biggest obsessor of Sarah Michelle since her day 's in All My Children . But i 've followed her through everything she has been through and I have boughten it all , and respectably all her movies have been great to watch . But this . to make this plain and simple.The only thing this movie has going for itself is that Sarah Michelle Gellar was in it . Adrian can not act for his life . He has to be one of the worst actors in Hollywood ever . It 's pathetic over how he books any movies or gets on tv . Sarah Michelle Gellar 's acting pretty much saved this movie from the big negative stars it would have been . But Sarah Michelle could have chosen a better movie to be in instead of this , but you know . Money is money I guess . So if your a fan of Sarah Michelle Gellar , or the mafia , you may like this movie . But for me , this is the worst movie Sarah Michelle Gellar has done , even though she was not bad in it . Her acting shines time and time again .
 First of all let me say one thing
 Harvard Man , the plot : A sexy Boston College cheerleader and daughter of the local mafia boss -LRB- Sarah Michelle Geller -RRB- convinces a Harvard basketball player to join her in a risky and illegal gambling scheme . The player throws some games , starts a romantic involvement with his philosophy professor , and indulges in drugs.Later , everything starts to unravel , and the Harvard cager has to find his way out of the mess , and deal with the cheerleader , her mafioso father , and the FBI.Even Eric Stolz ca n't save this , nor can Joey Lauren Adams.Buffy fans beware
 I am a little surprised that Harvard has not sued the makers of this film for associating the ivy-league college with such a horrible cinematic experience . I , like many , sought this film out because Sarah Michelle Geller was in it ; when I learned Rebecca Gayheart was also in the cast , I thought to myself
 Like most reviewers , I rented this movie because Sarah Michelle Geller was in it . I am a HUGE fan of Buffy and her other movies such as Scream and the Grudge . She is an extrememly talented acctress and after watching this movie I ca n't imagine WHY she agreed to star in this film . Quit simply it was horrible . Some of the sex scenes she had were too racy for my taste and just dissappointing that she would agree to sell herself like this . Oddly enough after this movie her next 2 hits would be the Family movies - Scooby Doo and Scooby Doo part 2 . I read on alot of fan sites that they were upset in her role in this movie . After this her roles were MUCH more carefully chosen . Thank Goodness !! If you are still unsure . . I highly suggest renting this instead of spending your $ $ on purchasing it .
 Read the other reviews for plot and story information.After reading the synaposis about sex , drugs and gambling on the video cover in which Sarah Gellar , Joey Adams , and Rebecca Gayheart are present , I could only anticipate the sexy possibilities that could be forthcoming.Unfortunately , the lack of any interesting storyline in the plot killed any notion of that even 1/2 hour into the movie.It 's hard to even imagine that Alan Jensen -LRB- Adrian Grenier -RRB- would even be able to bed both the Professor Chesney , and his girlfriend Cindy even if he is on the basketball team . We never know what Jensen 's personality is really like except that he is into drugs . Is he smart , funny , what got him into Harvard ? Who knows & who cares?Gellar is acceptable as the daughter of a mobster . Adams is the most enjoyable part of the movie , with her raspy , sexy voice . She makes sense and is the glue that holds the stories together . The sex scenes , and they are not explicit , contain a lot of noices , but are boring , and except for Cindy and Alan 's performance in the woods , none of it even matters.The Director does amuse a little with some camera effects after Jensen takes some LSD , but those again , get boring and overused.The performance of Stoltz and Gayheart as FBI agents is a joke . -LRB- I just ruined the only twist of the movie.This was a long 2 hours . I hope Harvard is better than this !
 This film was made with widescreen , 2:35 to 1 ratio but has been issued on DVD with 1/3 or more of each shot cut out for old television screens . Why did I just pay a huge amount of money for a wide screen plasma TV to be insulted by movie makers too cheap to issue the film as it was shot and shown in theaters ?
 I purchased this movie and did n't like it mainly because most of the dialouge was in Portuguese with no sub-titles . I never could get the gist of the story other than a young Finnish woman came to Rio De Janeiro in search of her sister . Due to the language barrier I never knew what happened to her sister 's whereabouts or each of the character 's relationship to each other . The reason that I gave this review a 1 star was because of the soundtrack which to me was the only good thing about this movie . I do n't recommend this movie unless you understand Portuguese . For English speaking viewers this movie is just a bunch of disjointed film sequences amidst a great soundtrack .
 terrible ... 48 minutes of pre deployment house clearing . the dvd provided no history of a recon marine or what it takes to be one . recon marines are the marine corps . elite warriers and this dvd does them no justice . this dvd appears to be extra footage that did not make it into the military channels '' the marines of alpha company '' .
 `` Jaws '' is definitely one of the great summer movies of all time . Though the shark looks fake , there is character development and genuine thrills in this film that most modern-day movies lack.I have the 25th anniversary edition , but unfortunately , like many other reviewers , I was disappointed and infuriated when I bought the 30th anniversary DVD only to find it offered little more than what the 25th anniversary DVD offered . I also do n't like how the sound was remastered , especially at the end with the big explosion , which sounds muffled and weak . And a number of choppy scenes and cuts still remain in this version , which is upsetting , given the film won an Oscar for Best Editing.Like other reviewers , I am angry at Universal for releasing this edition only five years after the last DVD , with little to show for it . I felt pretty duped when I realized that the 30th anniversary edition was almost identical to the 25th anniversary DVD , but with more attractive packaging . The studio could at least offer a rebate on the DVD for those of us who bought the earlier edition.I guess I 'm a little stupid for buying this edition , but I ca n't help it , I 'm a loyal `` Jaws '' fan and always will be .
 It was kind of blurry , and parts of the picture disappeared throughout the movie . The sound quality was also lacking .
 I remember Jaws as a much more vivid movie than the badly faded version that streamed to my HDTV from Amazon . I could n't bear to watch the whole thing .
 This movie is SOOOOOOOOOO bad ! By far , the most overrated movie of the 70 's . What 's the big deal ? And how many times can you say `` Shark attack ! Get out of the water ! '' in five minutes ? Well , find out when and IF you rent this crap , even though everyone of Earth has seen it already.They do n't show the shark until 5 minutes to the end of the movie , either ! Every time a scary or suspenseful part comes , it turns out to be a fish or something in the water , but not the shark.The sequels are the same exact thing , too . Just Roy what 's - his-face in a boat looking for the shark , that Jaws 2 . Jaws 3 is just a stupid attack on Marine SeaWorld by a shark looking for its babies and Jaws
 it was not what I wanted had a black top and bottom with picture in middle it was hard to see what was happening when you had a small picture between two black borders !
 Jaws 4 was The Godfather to Jaws.I do n't know how Steven Spielburg directed this.For GOOD Spielburg movies , I suggest you check out Close Encounters of the Third Kind , Raiders of the Lost Ark , or Amistad .
 Close Encounters of the Third Kind was AWESOME . JAWS was horrible ! Cheesy special effects , atrocious acting , URGH !
 Here 's how I rate the Jaws series
 Deep Blue Sea makes Jaws look like Cinderella ! How come the original was n't half as good as the others ? Here 's how I think the Jaws series goes ! 1 . Jaws 3 2 . Jaws 4 : The Revenge 3 . Jaws 2 4 . Jaws
 I am very much eager to see this movie . But unfortunately , still I have not received this Goods . Its the third time My orders are not available to me , and they will inform that they are sending again , but never delivered to my address . I am UNLUCKY to watch this movie
 The shark looked cute on the cover but when I watched the movie and saw what it did to people I soiled myself !
 Jaws might be one of my favorite films . Really , it 's a masterpiece of story telling and as director Steven Spielberg often states , full of happy accidents . So when you see my 1 star review , what you need to understand is my review is not of the film , itself . It 's of this edition.The sound mix in this film is awful . Remastered in 5.1 with new effects added . Effects that are just plain bad . Effects that sound like they were taken from free MP3 clips on the web bad . Poorly excuted , muting the effect of the intended scenes , screwing up or altering how well dialogue can be heard and just plain ruining the film . Avoid this DVD version at all costs .
 Great movie , terrible streaming . The Amazon server buffered the movie three times in the first 3 minutes and we had to turn it off . Hopefully this was an isolated incident and wo n't happen again .
 My receiver and DVD player are capable of both Dolby Digital Decoding and DTS . I want to find out which Jaws DVD to purchase , Dolby Digital or DTS ? Please help!I am also curious about the Apollo 13 DVD . Same Question , DD or DTS?Thank You - JimmyDuniay@aol.com
 When the uncut version was shown on television a few months ago , they advertised the video would be the same as the uncut version shown on television . I played the first video and it is the same as the original movie without the uncut scenes . This is truly one of my favorite movies and when I saw it on television with the never before scenes , I couldnt wait to get that version on video . If I had known this , I wouldnt have bought the Anniversary Edition .
 I was really disappointed in the outtakes and the overall surround sound . 2 outtakes that are not amusing and what surround sound ? not sure what the professional rating of 4 on sound was listening to but there were many missed opportunities for effects here . I was n't expecting great but definitely was n't expecting so poor . I have the DTS version on order and had rented the 5.1 dvd . I just hope the surround format makes a better transition .
 Anyone who is tired of the ... crap -LRB- thought I was gon na say something else didnt you -RRB- that Spielberg does with his DVDs -LRB- no commentaries , excessive double-dipping -RRB- should crossover to the dark side - burn the hell out of him and his company by burning his movies ... burn Spielberg burn -LRB- just had to say it one more time . -RRB-
 I wanted to like this film . Really , I did . But there 's not a scary frame in the film . The suspense falls flat , the dialogue is ugh , the characters to me were nothing more than fish food , and it 's vastly overrated . I wanted SO much to have a GREAT time watching this film , but I just could n't . I apologize , but I ca n't lie . I hated this movie .
 Just received Jaws Blu Ray ... popped it in my Oppo 93 ... and goes to black . . Ca n't return it because it did n't come with a packing slip/receipt : -LRB-
 The BluRay claims to come with a digital copy for iTunes . It only has an UltraViolet code . There is no iTunes code . Lame .
 shared to young ages as ` cool blood ' . as for parents its a nightmare because kids wake up in the middle of the night . i even found myself scard of pools . that 's only 1 persons opion .
 This is by far the most ridiculous cash-in double dip there is . There is actually a clown out there who said in another review that he bought this for the mono feature . That is the most redeeming thing about this dvd ????????????????? MONO !!???? Some people seriously need to get a life . I feel sorry for all the suckers that `` need '' to own this ... 2 FANGS WAY DOWN !!! Every bit of this release couldh 've been released before . All the material came from the laser disc which has been around for years .5 stars for the movie ... 0 stars for the double dip . They could have put commentary , retrospective documentaries , looking back interviews with cast and crew , but we get NOTHING !!! Guess there saving that for the eventual `` ULTIMATE EDITION '' to grab some more of your cash . Save your money please and do n't listen to these CULT reviewers who are brainwashed !
 All the hoopla about this being a DVD that consumers must have , but it 's not good enough for any cast/crew member or critic to provide commentary ? Pathetic .
 Jaws is one of my favorite movies . I regret purchasing this DVD movie addition . The movie is not complete as I saw it originally at the movies and also on TV years ago . The deleted scenes are in the original full lenth movie . Why call this a collectors addition and take out the original scenes and then say they are bonus materials.This is a edited movie version and not the original . This is not a collectors addition . Just a big disappointment .
 I love the movie JAWS , and I agree with the AFI that it 's one of the 100 greatest American films of all time . But this particular video presentation does not present the movie in it 's original form . This DVD does not contain the original , oscar winning sound effects . Instead , this DVD contains a bunch of newly re-recorded sound effects . To me , this is the equivalent of re-writing Shakespear 's plays , re-writing the novels of Dickens , or tearing up the Mona Lisa and painting a new one . Besides , the DVD format allows for up to 8 different audio track to be included , so even if they did record a new one , why not also include the old one ? I guess George Orwell was right . History is indeed being re-written . What a shame . Hopefully someday they will issue a DVD that contains the origianl soundtrack to this movie .
 I have not received the DVD that I ordered instead I received a link to watch the movie through my computer . I will not do this since it will not give you the impact of watching on a large screen . This is a mistake and I have been unable to talk to a live person to correct the problem . Amazon is getting out of touch to handle a change like this so I will wait for my Credit Card bill to contest the charge so I can get somebody 's attention . JOS
 I got this DVD thinking that it would be phenomenal given the underwater sounds and all . Sorry all , but I refuse to buy something that I have to wait until chapter 19 to hear some great sound effects that last a second . My advice is this . If you want to get this movie on DVD because you are done watching VHS tapes , fine . But do not buy this if you want to hear a great sound format . Also , the DTS version is a joke . I do n't know if it was just the one DVD that I happened to buy , but it would n't allow you to choose the DTS format at all . Why pay extra for DTS if you ca n't even use it ? My spouse and I laughed while watching it due to that there were maybe 4 times that you heard the `` shark coming sound effect '' on the rear speakers , and even then it sounded so mono . Save your money and do n't buy this one .
 The Image quality is magnificant , but , adding to the review by `` englishonly '' , who stated `` there was very little activity in the rear speakers '' consider this sound may be no more than Dolby Digital , and might have more activity on the Pro-logic setting . Are the extras in DTS and not the film ? The advertising does n't indicate that . WHERE IS THE DTS ? My DVD player tells how many channels are outputing and the Decoder displays that info -LRB- 2 channel -RRB- . DTS wo n't activate , and on the same exact setup , Saving Ryan indicates DTS and rattles the rafters . Buy this for picture quality , YES . Buying for DTS ? , better find out first . I hope it is my mistake and have not BEEN RIPPED OFF ?
 Literally , the only remote credability I can see from this movie is Spielberg directing.Professional move script writers agreed with me that the plot of this movie is very thin , and here 's a perfect example.Basically , the plot goes round in circles with people -LRB- who do n't even qualify as minor characters -RRB- getting killed off by a shark while nobody cares ... I mean , knows that this is happening . But THEN , later on someone dies in front of everybody . So because they all saw this , nobody goes in the ocean at that beach anymore and the movie ends , right ? Well , no . Because this is only about 40-50 minutes in , three idiots begin hunting the shark with a boat , despite the fact that nobody with any semblence of a brain would be swimming near that beach . In other words , not only does the plot make no sense , but THE ENTIRE SECOND HALF OF THIS MOVIE IS FILLER.By far the worst thing about this is that it is an adaptation of a novel -LRB- written by Peter Benchley , if I 'm not mistaken -RRB- . This means that Peter Benchley actually managed to drag out this boring , black-and-white , thinly-plotted storyline , without characters * anyone actually cares about , for several hundred pages . Well , either that of Pter Benchley wrote a GOOD novel and it got turned into this garbage . * = well , okay , there were about thirty-five minutes in which Chief Brody was non-boringBy far the wrost thing about the Jaws `` fandom '' is that they claim every movie remotely involving sharks -LRB- or in some cases , any marine animal -RRB- eating people is `` a Jaws rip-off '' yet they completely ignore that another shark movie came out about six years or so before this abomination . So this ca n't possibly be a `` rip-off '' of a movie that came out before it , but a movie that came out thirty years after this MUST BE a `` rip-off '' ? This movie is only popular because people flock to stupidity . I mean , look as SAW and HOSTEL . Both of them consist of violence and NOTHING ELSE , yet people still like them .
 Great for first timers , but for Jaws fans ... NO !!!!!!!! ... WE ALREADY HAVE IT ON THE PREVIOUS 100 DVDS AND VHS ` S YOU`VE REALEASED OF IT !!!!!!! Why do they keep realeasing different kins of dvds of this movie?All the Jaws fans already have it!It all started with the regular vhs tape when it was realeased after the film came to theaters ... then guess what ? ... LETTER BOX VHS , LETTERBOX DVD ,25 TH ANNIVERSARY VHS TAPE ,25 TH ANNIVERSARY DVD , AND NOW THIS !?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Why do n`t they just make a Jaws 5 ? That would be extremely better!Whewwwwwww ... -LRB- Sorry I yelled , I could n`t help it -RRB-
 Besides being absolutely disgusting , this IS the worst movie ever made.Jaws 2 was WAY better.Check out Jaws 4 too .
 Lord above save us from Steven Spielberg films !!! Sure I admit Jaws was groundbreaking in the 70 's . Do we really need this outdated and overhyped film pumped into our TV sets every weekend from endless showings on TNT , TBS , TCM , and AMC ? Spielberg is an inflated ego-head who stopped any Jaws rip - off - type films from being released in the US . He should be glad anyone was inspired by his Hollywood tripe . Spielberg I think is the real `` King of the World . '' Do n't waste your money to buy this when you can tape it for free on any weekend !
 I ca n't understand why JAWS continously pops up on ` Greatest Horror Movie ` lists and critiques ... it is NOT great , NOT a horror -LRB- more like horrible -RRB- , and while it IS a movie , it 's just not all that good to me . I guess most people like it because it has a lot of names involved with it . Maybe I 'm biased because I am not a swimmer and have never been into water sports , but I just find it extremely boring after the first attack or two . There are far better movies as far as I am concerned ... JAWS is one of my least favorite films , never liked it even as a kid .
 `` Jaws '' was something of a classic already when I was a kid . I did n't like the movie back then , and I still do n't . My best friend was also very sceptical.For starters , `` Jaws '' is n't particularly exciting . With the exception of one or two scenes , you * know * when the shark is going to show up due to that loony tune tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam ... Most of the movie , there is no action at all . And when Great White started attacking Steven Spielberg 's ridiculously small boat , I yawned . Cujo was more scary in that Stephen King movie . And Cujo was just a puppy back then , right?Perhaps me and my buddy were precocious or something , but we also criticized `` Jaws '' for being unrealistic . I doubt Great White Sharks can become this large . I mean , he 's the size of a killer whale ! Basking sharks can become very large , but they are harmless . -LRB- Yes , we knew about basking sharks . Common knowledge , alright ? -RRB- And why would a guy looking for the world 's most vicious shark use such a ridiculously small boat?Naturally , there are several sequels , including one called `` Jaws 3D '' . I never saw it as a kid . Maybe it was X-rated or something . I wonder why ? Apparently , you needed a special kind of specs to watch it . Since I 'm near-sighted , I would probably just have gotten a bad headache anyway.I know that I 'm in a minority here . One of my workmates -LRB- let 's call him Happy Chappie -RRB- actually likes `` Jaws '' , claiming it 's a real classic and one of the best films ever made . Chappie says I 'm not getting it . I guess I do n't . `` Jaws '' did n't scare me even as a kid . `` Alien '' is a real horror movie . It scared me as an adult , even when I was watching it the second time on TV , with commercial breaks ! I suppose I 'm more afraid of xenomorphs in my closet than Great White Sharks in my bath tub . Or something . Every time I see `` Jaws '' , I want to feed Spielberg to the xenomorphs!I 'll give it two stars for old times sake.Tam-tam-tam-tam-tam-tam ... Gee , I think Mr. White is coming .
 What can I say . This movie is not only stupid , but also insensitive . Along with the fact that the acting was terrible , and the music was cheesy , I need to add something else . I am , along with being a big cat , hyena , and wolf lover , also a shark lover . Sharks are both cool and beautiful . This piece of trash shows sharks as something they are not-bloodthirsty , sadistic killers who kill for fun and destroy anything they please . Hey , humans . How about the fact that over 1,000,000 sharks died because of humans , but only 100 humans died because of sharks ? How about the fact that sharks have difficulties and feelings just like we do ? How about the fact that this movie is an attempt to make people hate sharks , when they should be helping them ? As far as I 'm concerned , anyone who likes this movie is insensitive to the cruelties sharks have had to go through . A message to the director Steven Speilberg-YOU MAKE ME SICK !!!!!!!!!! If it were up to me , every copy of this movie and any other movie meant to make hate to any cool predator would be rocketed into space forever . And I do n't give a -LRB- BEEP -RRB- that many people liked this movie . They just do n't see what I see . I ca n't believe I ever watched this stupid s -- t . If you are a shark lover , or an animal lover of any sort , do not see this movie . It is just another way to represent sharks as evil . And Steven Spielberg is a jerk . A very big jerk . Boy , how he makes me PUKE ! Anyway , nuff said . Do n't see this work of insensitivity .
 Come on . Why do people consider this a classic ? Why do people consider this good?I 've watched it so many times , trying to find a redeeming quality SOMEWHERE in it , but I just ca n't ! And it frustrates me how people proclaim it a great movie and a classic , and it 's a terrible movie ! Of course , I realize this is just my opinion , and I 'm not masquerading it as anything more , but come on , now . Why is it so great ? Why is it so suspenseful ? I just do n't get it.At least ` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ' beat it for Best Picture .
 This review is for the 5 star reviewers . Let 's face it , this is not a worthy double-dip and you know it !!! NO VIDEO UPGRADE , NO COMMENTARY WHATSOEVER -LRB- We know spielberg does n't do them buy not even from an actor of the movie -RRB- , ALL WE GET IS AN EXTRA 45 MINUTES OF A DOCUMENTARY THAT HAS BEEN AROUND FOR TEN YEARS AND WAS AVAILABLE WHEN THE ORIGINAL DISC WAS MADE ! The 5 Star reviewers must be either people who work for the studio or completely in DENIAL ! Enough is enough with this re-release tactic !!!! They try to make you buy the same movie over and over again !
 I was betrayed.What 's worse , I lost my sales slip.I love JAWS ... it 's my all-time favorite film . I 've seen it over 100 times . But this DVD transfer , dear friends , ai n't it : This DVD has less information -LRB- albeit 2 deleted scenes that were not in the LD , but fewer overall -RRB- than the LD , and although the picture quality is sharper MANY SOUND EFFECTS ARE NOT FROM THE ORIGINAL TRACK ! All the truly gut-wrenching sound effects in the last third of the film , from the shark splashing to the Orca 's engine exploding and shattering the hull , to the boom holding the shark cage crashing to the deck -- have been replaced.Whether this travesty was deemed necessary for the DTS medium or not , it is historical film revisionism akin to the disasterous mess that was Star Wars
 I was so dissapointed by this dvd when I got it!I mean they added a few minutes to the featurette , put a couple of deleted scenes on them , put some crappy interview with Steven Spielberg & took out the trailer!I want my $ back!they even kept the same menus!Waste of time & $ !
 1 of 0 Stars to Anchor * Media for there outrages overpricing 5 Stars for the film and Digibook its self . I love Jaws but to pay $ 84.95 for a bluray digibook That 's just Highway Robbery . $ 25.95 would have been the right price .
 This dvd was listed under Blue Ray movies , it was n't , it played very grainy on my new player . . so I sent it back , have n't been reimbursed as yet . . but I know I will
 I watched this film for the first time when I was 8 years old and that was in 1979 . It was playing in a holiday resort cinema at the time . A real run of the mill movie by the time I seen it , so even though I was so young and on my own , it was ok to go in and watch it . I ran out of the cinema and back to our apartment when I seen the head scene . I had nightmares for weeks afterwards . Since then I 've seen this classic countless times and I enjoy it every time . There 's just something about the atmosphere in the film that I find infectious . The casting is the most natural I 've seen . Each of the main characters is so believable , different and interesting in their own way . A tired middle aged cop from New York , a young rich scientist in love with his work , and an old weather beaten shark fisherman with scars to remember most of his encounters . I 've yet to see interaction like this between 3 actors . The love \ hate atmosphere on the boat is just gripping . I bought the DVD version for my kids . I 'd rather the original because in the DVD version in the scene before they sing ; ` Show me the way to go home ' , the whale sound effect is smudged out and replaced with a more 90 's politically correct whale sound . I thought the original effect added much more to the atmosphere of the film . But it is cool to see it digitally touched up . And what about the Score ? Is there a more memorable score for a movie ? Space Odyssey 2001 springs to mind but even that masterpiece borrows from the classical world . That music was not written for that film . I loved the book too , but I have to say the movie is better . I know it 's strange but it 's true . I love movies but I 've yet to get the same level of enjoyment from a movie as I did from Jaws . And that includes E.T. , Close Encounters , Star Wars and so on . Jaws is a marvel . I 'm glad I was so young when I first seen it because it probably would n't have had the affect on me that it had had I watched it at an older age . Ok in hindsight and if you like nitpicking you can find a few things wrong with this film . Like the missing chair after the scene were they caught something with the fishing rod , or it was n't really summer when the filmed it . Big deal ! Movies like this are about imagination are n't they ? These inconsistencies had to be pointed out to me before I could see them for myself . In my opinion a good movie with no directing or editing errors is not what makes it good movie . Jaws is King and very underrated in my opinion .
 When I first saw the movie I was about ready to jump out of my skin it was so scary . When I look at this site call , Imdb.com , I look at he goofs , on Jaws , and saw that there were more than 20 !!! The one that you can see easily , is where that shark attacks that guy in the boat . When he falls into the water he is clearly seen NOT wearing shoes . But when the shark tears of his leg , it HAS a shoe on it . Another easy on to spot was at the starting at of the movie . When Chrisy -LRB- I do n't know how to spell her name -RRB- is tugged by the shark , her mouth does n't match the screams she makes . The backround changes too!I 'm not saying that Steven Speilberg 's first hit was bad , I just think that it could some clean up.Thanks For Reading-Jesse
 the night time scenes looked like crap on the re release . i mean come on , with all the technology out there to fake the moon landing , this is the best you can do ???? otherwise it was good and worth saving what local retailers charge .
 Like all of you I dished out for the 25th Anniversary Edition of JAWS , and was disappointed in the features . The transfer was nice but the extra features were n't fantastic.This is the second time they 've double-dipped , though , with no real great content.JAWS
 I have invested , over and over again -LRB- I guess I should have learned by now -RRB- in DVDs that were eventually rereleased in so-called `` Special Editions '' -- the list is long.Now , I have n't seen this version -LRB- at the time I 'm writing this , it has n't been released -RRB- , but I did buy the LAST `` Special Edition '' of ` Jaws ' . Little did I know that it was n't the REAL `` Special Edition '' . I guess the studios think we 're all stupid . Perhaps we are . After all , we end up shelling out the extra cash to buy the latest edition . Here 's an idea
 Pardon the pun , but I am tired of the bait and switch moves by film distributors when it comes to DVD releases . You buy the 25th anniversary disc and low and behold , they release a 30 year version , with nary a tempting extra . Those reviews that give this a 5 star or close to it , you 're suckers , all of ya ! This release hardly has anything the 25 year version did n't . Maybe a longer featurette . And then there will be the 35 year version , with one extra deleted scene , I bet ya . Anyway , save your money , buy the 25 year unless you ca n't find it . And by the way , I give the movie itself 5 stars for sure !
 Alright , if you 've never got around to adding Jaws to your dvd collection then now is as good a time as any with this edition . But if you shelled out for the `` 25th Anniversary '' disc , then STAY AWAY from this scam . It comes with the unabridged documentary that was found on laser . But does it have a commentary track ? Are you kidding ? What else is Universal and $ pielberg going to lure you into buying this again when its released on HDVD ? These people did n't even see fit to remaster the print with the latest digital technology . This is a shameful , worthless edition . Univeral / $ pielberg deserve nothing less than your enmity and contempt for failing dvddom AGAIN .
 Unless you 've been living in a cave , you know this movie well by now and you know whether or not you like it , so I wo n't go on about that . What 's important here is the extras ; do they make it worth replacing the DVD copy you already have ? The answer , unfortunately , is no , not really.The extras on the 30th Anniversary edition include deleted scenes and outtakes -LRB- already on the Anniversary edition issued in 2000 -RRB- , a documentary about the making of the film -LRB- the version on the 2000 edition is better and more to the point -RRB- , and production photos , storyboards , and marketing materials -LRB- only slightly more expansive than the production photos included on the 2000 version -RRB- . The only new features are an interview piece with Spielberg that was shot during filming -LRB- and is thus quaintly and enjoyably archaic -RRB- and a booklet of photos from the film which is spotted with quotes from Spielberg and the stars . This is a nice print piece , but it 's highly debatable whether it makes the re-investment worthwhile.Mind you , I love the film , but I 'd say buy this only if you do n't already own a quality DVD print of the movie . If you do , just stick with what you 've got . It 's a great film , but this new edition just comes off as a slight repackaging designed to make the principles wealthier than they already are rather than bring us any new appreciation for the movie itself .
 I have a Sony DVP-CX850D and a Harmon Kardon 750 , both DTS compatable . When I try an select the audio channel it only plays 2.0 and not 5.1 DTS . There is something wrong with this dvd !
 Okay , okay ... Jaws , in my opinion , is an okay movie . The plot is fairly interesting , but I 've seen a lot of movies and shows about giant animals wreaking havoc so ... yeah . ^ ^ ; But the reason I dislike this movie is because I 'm a shark fan . I adore sharks and just about any other animal that can kill you ... * sweatdropps * ... Yeah . So the serious `` shark bashing '' I saw in his movie sort of made me mad . ^ ^ Especially since great white sharks are one of my favorite animals.And everyone said , `` Shark attack ! Get out of the water ! '' way too much ... x.x. . . Pros ~ Interesting plotThe shark looked pretty neatCons ~ Everyone said `` Shark attack ! Get out of the water ! '' too muchWay too much shark bashing ...
 After I watch the JAW movie , I not go into water-no . The big shark scared methe shark not git me , but i not go into the water after seeing the shark in movie waterpeople died and screemed - i heard a man yell , AIEEEEEEEEE and get eaten by the shark , well , i not go in the water again but pools are okay ... I look before i go in ... Like the acting ... very good ... actor named Roy and Roburt Shaw were good , and so was man called HooopI like to see the men hunt the shark ... and the music is scareeeDA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DANow i buy JAW 2 ... scary too . . more scary ... more people go and get eaten ... shark likes to eats people and eat meatSharks are dangeros and eat peeple . Swim in pools or in lakes . Sharks can swim fast and chase boats . . I like sharks but stay away from Atlantic OshunWatch movie called JAW ... i gived 2 thumb up
 Steven Spielberg 's mega-hit Jaws -LRB- 1975 -RRB- is in my opinion , overrated . The film is n't `` heart-pounding '' or anything like that . The shark looks so fake , and the whole film is just unrealistic . The acting is good , I 'll admit , but other than that , there 's not much but hype .
 It took forever for it to arrive and , when it did , the plastic wrapping was torn and a section ripped off . Also the DVD was rattling around inside for the push button that holds the disk in place was broken and rattling around in it . Lucky that the DVD was n't ruined . Movie is good , which is why I ordered it , but the service and state was bad .
 First off , I really did n't care for how Universal decided to alter the sound effects of this classic movie , especially when there was no need for it . They could 've just enhanced the original sounds for the DVD format , but no . Instead , there are completley new sounds replacing your old favorites throughout the entire movie.The changes that really got to me in paticular were the ones during the movie 's climactic showdown between Brody and the shark . The new sound effects of Brody blasting his gun at the toothy terror , hoping to hit the air tank , that he lodged down its throat , sounded ridiculously weak , like a child fireing a cap gun . And the sound of the shark exploding when Brody administered that one final shot either made you laugh or want to cry . It sounded like someone dropped a coffee mug and it shattered into two peices . Now how climactic is that !? I also did n't care for the way this movie was presented visually . Though there was little grain and artifacts , this DVD was too dark ! I already owned a copy of Jaws on VHS before I got a DVD player . So , I decided to run the same movie , on those two different formats at the same time , and on the same t.v. , and the difference was staggering . You would n't believe how dramatic the difference was unless you saw it with your own eyes . The more I compared , switching my t.v. 's setting between t.v. and video , with just the click of a button , the more I wished I had n't bought the dvd.All in all , this DVD proved to be a great dissapointment , and a movie this good deserves better treatment . It does n't even have a commentary ! All I can say is I hope Universal comes to their senses , and releases a definitive version of Jaws on dvd . As it stands , Jaws 2 is a far better DVD than the original . It was n't a watered down laserdisc version . The deleted scenes were superior , the production photos were arranged better , showing all the shots of the shark first . I thought everything right down to the packaging of the Jaws 2 DVD was better than the first , and that should n't be.I 'm not sure who was behind the making of the Jaws DVD , but I think they should re-release this title , and let the ones who did such a good job on the Jaws 2 DVD handle it .
 I do n't have to reiterate the comic genius of Richard Pryor , but it is also a reality that the material of gifted talented artists can not be manipulated or edited because it destroys the very essence of the talent , and whats left is only a very poor representation of the gift itself . Thats what NBC did in this case . Clearly Richard was too `` raw '' for TV in the 1970s , and so this should have never been attempted . The failure of the show , when Richard himself cancelled it out of frustration , only confirmed this . The only good episode was the `` Richard Pryor Special '' which is not included with Vol 1 or 2 . True Pryor fans will only be disappointed with these DVDs ... I know I was , and I have been a fan his entire career . Better off buying his `` Live '' concerts which are classics !
 I never rec 'd this . So I will have to give it a bad review .
 I understand that she is the big winner of American Idol , but does n't seem kind of silly to release a DVD with just 2 videos ? I see it enough of VH1 and it is all over the radio . I think that the company that put this out is just wanting more money from their money making machine ... To be honest , I would have waited until she had more videos under her belt . If that did not happen the company could have put her videos `` A Moment Like This and Before Your Love with all of her American Idol performances ... The same thing could be done for Justin too ... I saw this in the store one day and went `` Now what are they doing ? '' I am sorry , I would not waste 7 dollars on a DVD with just 2 videos on it ...
 I LOVE Lucy . `` I Love Lucy '' is the greatest show ever , but this botched special celebrating the series ' 50th anniversary was just bad . Who cares what Andy Garcia , Cher or Roseanne have to say ? I would like to have seen more focus on William Frawley and Vivian Vance , whose on-screen chemistry with Ball and Arnaz really helped to make `` I Love Lucy '' so funny . It goes to show you that the days of wonderfully funny shows like `` I Love Lucy '' are long gone . Not one person in Hollywood today is talented enough to hold a candle to the producers and creators of `` Lucy '' and this -LSB- bad -RSB- attempt at a two hour special to celebrate it is a mockery of the show 's half century contribution to laughter .
 I love Lucy , I really do ... But I was disappointed by this DVD
 *** This comment may contain spoilers *** Warning - Spoilers Contained Below -- Jaws 3 was the third film in Universal Studios ' shark-thriller movie series . The first film , released in 1975 , was a pioneering blockbuster directed by Steven Spielberg . He passed on a sequel , and so Jaws 2 was directed by Jeannot Swarc . Generally considered inferior to the first , it nonetheless made a modest profit at the box office in 1978 . Five years would pass before another sequel was made -- but perhaps it should n't have . 1983 saw a brief revival of 3-D films at the box-office , with minimal results . It was likely presumed that a 3-D Jaws would have more ` bite ' to offer filmgoers . It did n't work.This time -LRB- directed by Joe Alves -RRB- , the action moves from the New England town of Amity to a coastal Florida Sea World amusement park . The film damages its thematic credibility early on by prematurely aging the Brody boys , sons of Chief Brody of the first two Jaws films . Now the 30-ish Mike -LRB- played by Dennis Quaid in his 80 's zenith -RRB- is an engineer/designer of underwater tunnel systems , with Sean college-aged and visiting his big brother for the summer . Bess Armstrong is Kathryn Morgan , the park 's head marine biologist and Mike 's love interest . Lea Thompson is Kelly , a ski-show performer and Sean 's would-be girlfriend.Louis Gossett , Jr. -LRB- who had recently won an Oscar for his role in An Officer and a Gentleman -RRB- plays the flamboyant Calvin Bouchard , a New Orleans-reared businessman who has just recently taken over as the manager of the park . Fishy things start to happen when a great white shark apparently mauls an unsuspecting worker near the park 's storm drainage tunnels.Enter Philip FitzRoyce , played by Simon MacCorkindale -LRB- TV 's `` Manimal '' -RRB- an Australian wildlife photographer/hunter who offers to capture the rogue predator . He is successful , and Bouchard orders that the shark be put on display to seize on the publicity . His decision is questioned by Kathryn and Mike , the latter of whom knows all too well that great whites are n't anything to trifle with.Soon , the shark specimen dies -- however , the recently discovered remains of another shark victim indicate that they could n't have been killed by the shark in custody -- this one would have to be much bigger . Shortly afterwards , the park staff -LRB- and their clientele -RRB- are face to face with the shark 's mother -- over 30 feet in length and apparently feeling a maternal revenge instinct . From there , shark mayhem starts happening in a major way , as the murderous predator mauls its way through a ski-show exhibition , the bumper boat lagoon , and floods an observation tunnel . The shark is contained only temporarily , setting up the climax where viewers get to see a slow-motion reaction shot from the protagonists as the shark apparently has the presence of mind to charge headlong into an underwater control room to get at those pesky humans.Quaid is decent enough as a lead and Gossett is always a pleasure to watch , but despite their acting pedigrees this film is still strictly B-grade at best . It is unintentionally humorous that Sea World would lend its brand name to be potentially marred as vulnerable to shark invasion -LRB- at least , the coastal locations -RRB- . Perhaps the show dolphins prominently featured in the film -LRB- another real-life park attraction -RRB- had something to do with the enticement -- though it would have been great if at least one of them were sacrificed to the shark . The special effects here are dated , and rendered muter for the fact that the 3-D effect has been removed . Certain scenes show objects heading straight for the camera -LRB- like a hypodermic needle , a crossbow bolt , shattered glass -- oh yes , and ` Bruce ' -RRB- . Minus the 3-D effect , unknowing viewers may question the odd choice of angles . Everyone except a Jaws completist should only rent this film .
 First , to debunk the product description , the most terrifying `` Jaws '' ever will always be the first . Nothing after that is even in the same league . And this chapter continues the devolution that started after the ending credits of the original , topped only by `` Jaws 4 - The Revenge , '' in being worse . `` III was originally released at the theater in 3-D , which did n't improve it by any stretch , rather made it more of a novelty . In viewing in non-3D release , it 's even worse because you can see how the director catered to the 3-D scenes , which are obvious when you watch it now . The acting could n't be more `` made for TV , '' as can be said about the whole storyline , the scenes and the deception freely utilized by the camera and director . This is one of those movies where you constantly find yourself scoffing , `` Yeah , right ! '' , when seeing many of the sequences . Even the very ending of the movie caused us to laugh with contempt when exiting the theater . Once again , another movie , regardless of how bad it is , I peak at it occasionally when on the Dish just to watch Lea Thompson , even though her acting in this one is nothing for the time capsules . The same can be said of the whole cast in fact , including , shamefully , Louis Gossett Jr. , fresh off his Oscar winning `` Officer and a Gentleman '' role . He could n't have a more annoying , over the top , archetypical character . I hope the check was worth it Louis . There 's nothing nearly as suspenseful , dramatic , or engaging as the original . There are no characters that you really care about - there 's no depth , merely posturing by the characters . And the climax ' plausibility is an insult to one 's intelligence . This movie is just plain bad . In that it can be worth a watch alone , just to take pot shots at the absurdity of it all and to see how far down making a buck had dragged down the once proud brand name of `` Jaws . ''
 Who wrote this movie ? That is the first thing I had to ask myself after watching this movie a couple of months ago . Oddly enough , this movie was one of my favorite `` scary '' films to watch as a little boy ... but , as an adult , WOW ... this is just BAD . The original Jaws is a classic peice of film history and the second , although not as deep or well paced , is still a great film with a fairly well written plotline . This movie , on the other hand , is like being tortured by a psychopathic shark-lover ... at sea world ! Who would ever think to incorporate SEA WORLD into the Jaws franchise ??? Seriously , It was just a horrible idea ! The whole , `` Mother Shark lost her baby shark '' scenario is just weird ... I do n't even think that Shark 's raise there `` pups '' once they are born ... they just swim away . Not that this is that much different than the plot in Jaws 2 , where a `` relative '' shark of the first Jaws decides to go after Cheif Brody and his kids ... cheesy , but still , more fun and overall a better storyline . This movie trods along at a slow pace and the 3-D graphics add a overly grainy , aged look to the film . The acting is horrendous . Dennis Quaid is OK , but everyone else is just plain awful . Also , who has ever heard of a shark that could break underwater glass ? Who OK 'd a glass type in an underwater seaworld structure that could be broken by a shark 's nose hitting it 3 times ??? That 's not too safe in my opinion . This is just a bad , bad movie . There is n't much that I can say is GOOD about it ... but , I will give it 2 stars because it entertained me when i was a little boy and for that i am thankful .
 THIS MOVIE SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is not a worthy sequel to the legendary JAWS . It 's stupid , the mechanical shark looks like a giant piranha , and its just boring . It 's set in seaworld Florida . Whatever happened to Amity island?This peice of junk is pathetically unsuspenseful . Hello , where has John Williams got to ? Not once did I hear the JAWS theme.The only good thing about this movie is the gore . That 's it.A cheap waste of money . Oh , and by the way , I 'm not even going to bother writing a review for JAWS revenge because its even rubbisher than this one !!!!!
 Okay , there was Jaws , a truly terrifying classic . And then there was Jaws 2 , a sequel that was n't as well written , but still managed to be scary and effective . And then in 1983 , the people at Universal thought about cashing in on this series again ... with another Jaws flick.There is something that a lot of movie watchers do n't know to this day , although most do by now
 While this film is not a complete disaster , you might wish you had those two hours of your life back.Perhaps the worst crime is that it actually was marketed as a Jaws sequel at all , and it could well be the film that started the uproar of stupidity of making sequels in the first place , but who expected much originallity from Hollywood at that time ? < or now , for that matter > Perhaps the most laughable is the opening sequence . Whoever scored the opening music must have taken LSD and listened to the origan theme music by spinning the record to the original on his turntable backwards.And the shots of some tuna and a grouper who looks like he was poked with a caddle prod to move for the camera are about as scary and suspenseful as waiting for the doorbell to ring on Halloween < no offense to the kids > I do n't remember this film ever even being released here in Vancouver but it could be Universal Canada had a good laugh and decided not to bother releasing any prints.I give the video release one star because you can always record over it .
 I loved the first 2 Jaws films . As a child I saw this one also and it scared me , I was in the video saw and decided to rent it . Definatly nott as scary as I remember there were quite a few laughs , unintentially I am sure . the 3D effects were just laughable I had a good time watching it but do n't expect to to be horrified .
 Steven Spielberg 's timeless classic `` Jaws '' made viewers afraid to go in the water for the rest of their lives . It 's second sequel , `` Jaws 3 '' will make viewers ashamed and embrassed to admit sitting through it . The acting is terrible , but not half as bad as the idiotic and contrived plot . `` Jaws 2 '' was no gem , but at least it was a tasteful , and mildly stylish outing . Quite honestly , `` Jaws 3 '' is an embrassment to all involved . This is god-awful , but not even HALF as bad as `` Jaws the Revenge . '' Sea World should have sued this movie for representing their employees as arrogant , airhead morons .
 JAWS 3 is the worst film I have ever seen . I even fell asleep watching it . DENNIS QUAID `` S acting in this film as well as LOU GOSSETTS JR 'S and BESS ARMSTRONG `` S acting performances as well leave a lot to be desired . I thought the GREAT WHITE SHAR ` KS in this movie looked so fake I could n't help but laugh at them when I was awake unforunately during the film . I wish that STEVEN SPEILBERG AND PETER BENCHLEY had sued the filmmakers who had made this film which was a disgrace to the JAWS name .
 This is the point where the Jaws movies officially lost its credibility . It was already pretty shaky after Jaws 2 but this is the moment when the series jumped shark -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Through herculian efforts , I convinced myself that what happened in Jaws 2 was possible because maybe the shark in the first one had a girlfriend/boyfriend shark nearby . But a supermassive great white terrorizing the Brody family for a third time?It 's worth noting that this film probably contains a scene or two that have arguably the worst special effects of the whole Jaws series -LRB- including Jaws the Revenge -RRB- . The one that comes to mind is when the shark breaks through the glass and floods the place in the underwater city at the end of the movie . It is not just bad , it is breathtakingly bad . When the shark hits the glass it comes to a complete stop even though the glass it hits has just been shattered into tiny pieces . Imagine throwing a baseball at a window causing it to completely shatter but the ball miraculously does not go through the window . That 's the logic that this movie expects you to believe.One of the few nice things I can say about this movie is that it could have been worse -LRB- as Jaws the Revenge proved -RRB- . And there were some things that I liked
 This movie is so awful that you have to see it ! The effects are really bad and they used very similar scenes from the original Jaws . Jaws 3 was way to long . The photography was so bad that you could n't tall if someone was dead or alive . You had to guess . If you do n't like blood , do n't see this movie . Unlike Jaws and Jaws 2 this movie has the dead people on the screen for a fairly long period of time . After I saw it I was really embarrassed for the director , Joe Alves . The acting was alright , it was just the photography , the plot and the lack of the Jaws theme song -LRB- it was only used once -RRB- that made the movie so bad . However , I do think you should see it just so you can say you 've seen all three Jaws movies .
 ok jaws was cool , jaws 2 was ok , but this is laughable.the 3D is silly and looks funny , no shark can be that smart , the scene where the shark smashes through the glass made me laugh for hours until i thought oh my god i lived through that film.see this if you are a film buff so you can laugh , but if not you will wish to be eaten by a real shark than see this again
 It was stupid ! I know sharks my dad is all about sharks . In fact I have studied sharks with my dad ever since I could read . I love the first 2 jaws they are 650 % more likely to happen than this rummage . all copies of this garbage should be burned or made into crappy fireworks !
 For all the hype surrounding this third big fish entry 's use of 3-D effects , JAWS 3 still rests in a vacuum because the shark 's rampages and the means used to destroy it totally defy credibility . The film puts Dennis Quaid in the role of Mike Brody , who is now employed at the Undersea Kingdom in Florida as a marine mammal expert . Jon Putch is his younger brother Sean , who like their father has a severe case of hydrophobia because of his previous encounters with sharks . That fear is fully justified when a shark sneaks into the underwater tubes that connect the park to the Atlantic Ocean and kills three people before being anaesthetized.But in a truly gratuitous twist , the shark 's mother , a 35-foot Great White , comes looking for its `` infant '' and proceeds to turn the Undersea Kingdom into a kill zone before the obligatory over-the-top method of killing him comes into play.Alongside Quaid and Putch are such talented people as Louis Gossett Jr. , coming off his Oscar-winning turn in 1982 's AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN , Bess Armstrong , and , in an early role , BACK TO THE FUTURE 's Lea Thompson . Unfortunately , they are saddled with a surprisingly inert screenplay by Richard Matheson -LRB- of DUEL fame -RRB- and JAWS veteran Carl Gottlieb , as well as the equally inert direction of Joe Alves , who was production designer on the first two films and associate producer on the second . The suspense that was generated so naturally by Spielberg in the spectacular original is lost on Alves , and even the 3-D effects are n't quite enough to make JAWS 3 any better than routine . It is watchable , but only by the narrowest of margins .
 I 've noticed a lot of comments claiming that Jaws 3 has terrible special effects , and it is somewhat true . The background effects for the underwater seaworld is simply horrendous , but the 35-foot great white , the movie 's main attraction , is very well-rendered , probably better than any other shark put on film.However , the movie 's biggest problem is the editing , which is really quite bad for a big-budget film with a rather large cast and crew . I 'm not sure if it 's Joe Alves ' fault or if it 's the editor who 's to blame , but the movie features a lot of goofy transitions and never gains any momentum.It 's also very slow-moving , and it probably has to do with the setting itself . Part of what made the first two Jaws effective was the wide ocean setting , it 's a scary expanse and the fact that the shark could be anywhere was truly frightening . But in Jaws 3 , the shark is confined in a very small space -LRB- when compared to the ocean -RRB- and it also swims slower than the people it 's chasing after , killing any chance of thrills.There is one chilling scene , which is also a bit unintentionally funny . When one guy gets stuck in the shark 's mouth , he gets gummed to death . Yeah , the thought of it is goofy , but actually seeing it happen and considering how torturous it is , it 's a bit scary.The movie also stars Dennis Quaid and Lea Thompson in early roles , proving that any young actor can survive a critically trashed movie if they have the talent for it . That probably explains why I 've never seen Bess Armstrong in another movie ...
 Hey what is up with this movie ? I mean what is the point ? The original Jaws was -LRB- a good word for it is `` polutted '' -RRB- because this movie sucked so much that is was n't funny . Even though Jaws II sucked as well it was better than this crap-fest filled with bad acting , bad effects , and an ending that just plain ruined the movie . I think this movie should be renamed to '' The Day the Movie industry Sunk to a New Low '' . Thank you for your time end do n't buy Jaws III
 In this movie the shark is so fake and even 3-D would not help.The absolute worst part of this movie is when the shark breaks through the glass of the ship thing , his back fin did n't even move!and when it breaks through the glass guess who it ate oh good guess the african american dude.HELLO RACISM!this movie should have not even attempted to come out it was a waste of time and money so move on with your life and ignore this movie trust me and take this advice whether im a kid or not !
 The first `` Jaws '' was great -- most of the sequels were really , really bad . I like the idea of the giant great white shark attacking Sea World . However , thirty-five feet is a little bit bigger than the original -LRB- 25 feet -RRB- , but who 's counting ? The underwater aquarium which is literally underwater is ridiculous . How are you supposed to get down there in the first place ? Stairs ? Elevator ? Electricity does n't really work underwater . How do they have lights lighting the aquarium ? What if Jaws gets near it ? Duh . Well , anyway , the part where Jaws attacks the main control room of the submerged aquarium is really , really fake . If you like Jaws , this is good . If you want a good shark movie , see the original or `` Deep Blue Sea '' .
 1,2 , and 4 are best leave out 3 . Why is the title named Jaws 3-D ? Where are the 3-D glasses ? I mean the effects are just horrible . I enjoy the rest of the series but this one is just boring . They should re-release this movie in theater with 3-D glasses and I would probably give this movie a good rating but for now this movie just sucks .
 It 's not worth watching.The 3-D tries to get you but it 's a bad movie.Hello , you could buy 7 toys at Toys R Us if you do n't watch this.The other two Jaws were so addicting!I 'd rather watch Barney for 2 hours if I had to watch Jaws 3 . It was a cheap waste of money to make this movie.How on earth can a shark roar?And a shark trying to kill people because a mother shark 's baby dies?How does a shark swin backwards?Don ' t watch this movie just because it 's in 3-D . Do n't waste time.I was able to enjoy Jaws and Jaws 2 . They 're so classic.I thought I 'd give this at least 3 stars.Don ' t waste time.Believe me , I 've been reviewing movies with my friend for 1 year!I am a tough critic .
 The nicest thing I can say about `` Jaws 3 '' is that it makes me appreciate Spielberg 's original 1975 classic even more . Everything about this movie is terrible , from the writing , to the acting , to the awful special effects . The movie drags endlessly , lacks any real excitement , and is poorly paced . What was Carl Gottlieb thinking when he co-wrote this film ? And why would Louis Gossett , Jr. sign on to make a movie this bad right after his Oscar-winning role in `` An Officer and A Gentleman ? `` Most of the visuals look cheesy , and the fact that the film is set in Sea World does n't help . In the fifties , most 3-D movies were pretty bad , with only the 3-D gimmick to attract audiences , and `` Jaws 3 '' is no better . Even its 3-D effects are weak . This is one of the most poorly conceived sequels I 've ever seen . Perhaps if you 're an avid `` Jaws '' fan , you may enjoy this somewhat . As a fan myself , it makes me wish I were watching the original `` Jaws '' instead .
 I remember seeing this 3D Jaws at the movie theaters and I got it just for my Jaws collection . It 's still fun to watch if you remember not to take it seriously -- after all , it does have Dennis Quaid in it .
 This is the worst shark movie ever made beside Jaws Revenge , Jaws 1 and 2 were much better . The sharks looked like they were glued on to paper in the film . The worst part of the film is where the shark breaks into the underground water thing it looks totally fake.It looks like 3 year olds made this film who knows what the budget on this film was but I bet I could afford it with my allowance . And I do n't even get allowance . BAD+BAD+BAD+BAD = Jaws 3 !!!!
 I am a big fan of Jaws i loved jaws and Jaws 2 but this was downright Horrible . A bad story combined crappy graphics makes up jaws 3 . this film features Micheal brody -LRB- Dennis Quiad -RRB- and Sean Brody . the story of a killer shark getting into seaworld is really bad . this was just another pathetic attempt to make another jaws movie . it was a discrace to be even called jaws
 Of course , most of you know Jaws , the original movie , the music and all that . Obviously , each movie in the series got worse . With each new sequel , the shark got bigger . It started out at 20 feet or so in Jaws , 25 feet or so in Jaws 2 . By the time you get to Part 3 , the shark is 35 feet long . Never mind that great whites never get any bigger than 20-25 feet in real life.As with the other three movies in the series -LRB- there was a fourth Jaws -RRB- , the shark always has a knack for stalking the same family -LRB- the Brody 's -RRB- , it does n't matter which family member . It might be the father -LRB- a police chief -RRB- , the mother , one of the sons , whatever . Naturally , it is a different shark each movie , since they usually blow it up to kill it in each installment . If they were to do a Jaws movie today , the shark would be 50 feet long and it would be stalking the third cousin of somebody that one of the Brody 's used to live next door to . It makes perfect sense , does n't it?Jaws 3 was originally a 3-D movie in the theaters . The funny thing is that they forgot to format it for home video , meaning a lot of the movie is still in 3-D , despite the fact it is on tape or dvd . The other thing is that supposedly two sharks -LRB- 35-foot mother and its baby -RRB- sneak into Sea World in Florida where they wreak havoc on tourists and park employees . Two of the park employees happen to be named Brody . By the way , Sea World is in the middle of Florida , which makes this ludicrous.When the shark is underwater , it growls just like a lion . Last time I checked , sharks do n't growl . I think the director thought he was going to scare little kids . `` The bigger the shark , the more kids I 'll scare . And if he growls ... '' It kind of makes you wonder what it 's like sitting around at a meeting when they are putting together the script for a movie like Jaws 3 . Imagine this . `` You dumb son of a bi ** h. 30 feet is n't big enough for this shark . This is JAWS ! It 's got ta be 35 feet or we 're not gon na draw any money at the box office . '' `` If we do n't incorporate 3-D glasses into this movie , our numbers will sink on the first weekend . '' `` This shark 's got ta growl . I want those kids shakin ' in their seats ! '' `` We need a couple characters with the last name Brody . Everybody knows Jaws goes after the Brody family . '' `` So what if it wo n't be Chief Brody and his wife ? Who cares as long as they got the name Brody ? Make up a couple characters if you got to . Long lost cousins or something . Jaws needs SOMEONE to go after . '' `` We 'll use the chief 's two sons . '' `` Even better . That means when they have kids of their own , we can have a shark going after THEM , too . We could keep this going for twenty sequels . '' `` This is good stuff ! '' -LRB- as roundtable reads the final script -RRB- `` Yeah . '' `` YEAH ! '' `` I ca n't wait to get started ! `` That was n't the real meeting of the writers for Jaws 3 but I bet it was close.No key characters from the first two movies are in here . Louis Gossett Jr. and Dennis Quaid portray the main characters . Gossett Jr. takes over the ` money hungry , keep things open at all costs ' role that was filled in the first film by the Amityville Mayor.The dialogue and camera work are both embarrassing . You can tell it was n't Spielberg that filmed this . The shark looks even faker than the antagonist in the first Jaws movie . Considering the number of years -LRB- and new technology -RRB- which came to pass between the first movie and the third , you 'd expect a more realistic looking creature . Most people only need to watch -LRB- or purchase -RRB- the first Jaws movie . This is something only necessary for completists that have an itch to own all four movies from this series . From a storyline standpoint , Jaws 3 really has nothing to do with the first two movies .
 What can i say about Jaws 3 . Well , simply , it bit off more than it can chew ! Greenpeace should put a ban on it - it polluted our waters . I was only three years old when it was released in Australian cinemas , so now i 'm viewing it fully in my youth . If you have n't seen this movie , save your time . The plot was constructed on a shoestring - keep -LRB- the story -RRB- in Amity , where it belongs . If you move the story away from home , it does n't make a lot of sense . The acting is -LSB- bad -RSB- , everyone seemed to always be so synical - `` Oh , my best friend is dead , looks like i get his parking space ! '' a line like that would enlighten the story . The special effects are trashy , a shark made of lego blocks would have been more realistic . At the moment , a thumbless ape could have done a better job . The directing is shoddy , Joe Alves needs a catscan to see if he could find a better story ! The only really good thing about the movie was Lou Gossett Jr. . He 's a legend ! Sure , he portrayed a bad guy in `` The Deep '' , but he 's so layed back in this movie.Let 's hope that Jaws 5 can clean up any ink/saliva that has dribbled from the pens and mouth of the creators of this .
 Great white shark gets loose in Seaworld and some mayhem ensues . The third film in the Jaws series features the best-looking shark to date , but the editing is often atrocious , the shark moves slower than molasses , and there 's a reason why Bess Armstrong is n't a well-known actress . One of Dennis Quaid 's first movies , and he 's not bad here .
 A Flordia Attaction Park has discover that a Shark enter thier park but when the Shark dies . Even more larger Shark has come to attack on the attractions and taking the workers and cilivans of the theme park.Directed by Joe Alves -LRB- Who was the Production Desginer on Jaws and the Sequel -RRB- . This sequel barely has something to do with the Another two Jaws Films . Dennis Quaid seems to play the Son of Chief Brody ! This film is Pretty Dumb but It ` s not that bad . Kids might enjoy this one . It 's watchable and it was also a Box Office Hit . Originally Filmed in 3-D . Arriscope . Grade : C + .
 A pregnant Great White shark swims into the man made lagoon of Sea World -LRB- which was designed and built by one Mike Brody -RRB- and begins knoshing on swimmers , all one of them . Not much else happens.The third film in the now dead in the water series appeared to be the worst it could possibly get , that is until Joseph Sargent dropped the Jaws The Revenge stinkeroo into theaters a scant four years later.Jaws 3-D is marred by slow pacing , poor effects , a terrible score , and a juvenile script . Connections with the first two films are slight , making me suspect that the references were last minute additions to an in name only sequel . A real low water mark .
 This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen ! And even funnier than the movie itself is that it was billed as a horror movie ! I find it hard to be scared of what looks like an Barney the dinosaur reject . Although , it does have enough unintentional laughs to keep you awake .
 Although vaguely attached to the original in its content , this film is hardly worth being included in the series . This time , the shark -LRB- which has grown to Godzilla proportions -RRB- decides to wreak havoc on innocent bathers in a more hyped up beach resort -LRB- obviously the producers were tired of the quaintness of Amity Island . -RRB- Mother 's revenge on those for stealing her baby ? Alright , so the shark 's top `` lip '' twitches , but the characteristic grey-white color of the Great White shark has been lost ?! I wonder if anyone noticed , but the shark is kind of lazy too . It hardly moves , besides a feeble `` wagging '' of the tail once in awhile . What happened to Joe Alves jr. 's original design -LRB- which was perfect -RRB- ? Obviously twenty-five feet just was n't big enough ! Please , just stick to the original !
 The 2nd Jaws sequel is definetely not the worst , Jaws The Repulsive , I mean Jaws The Retarded , oops I MEAN JAWS THE REVENGE IS !!!!!!!! Jaws 3 has a great musical score , nifty plot , and a few dramatic moments , BUT ... none of the characters are really engaging . You do n't care about them as people so the movie is dull . Atleast the film is original . The plot centers around Brody 's son Michael -LRB- Quaid -RRB- and his job at seaworld in Florida . Roy Sheider is sorely missed .
 First there was God , then Spielberg came along with Jaws ... that 's where it all should have ended . Jaws II was . . not exactly bad but it was n't that great either . . Roy Scheider does a decent job and the shark ... well . . it 's a shark . . But then came this one . I first saw it when I was a kid , and while the two first ones scared me , I laughed out loud after this one . Extremely bad special effects and above all a plot as thin as paper . Wow . . a shark is in our backyard pool . . how can we kill it . . I know . . let 's go down in the water . Poorly equipped . . DUH I 'm sorry if I offend anyone who liked this poor sequel but I ca n't help but hate it .
 This movie is by far the STUPIDEST movie I have ever seen . Here are my reasons :1 . The quality of the mechanical shark is equivalent to that of a Happy Meal toy .2 . There 's blood every 6-10 minutes .3 . Sharks getting into Sea World ? Whoever made this movie was really running low on ideas .4 . The characters are stupid and unbelieveable .5 . After the main characters -LRB- I ca n't remember their names -RRB- capture the shark that had been tormenting them and killing everybody , they put it on display at Sea World . That 's real smart .6 . The shark on display was n't really the shark that was killing everybody , it was actually the CHILD of the shark that was killing everybody , and then they have to kill the mother -LRB- The writers probably decided to add that in because it probably would have been a weak ending if they had n't -RRB- . I could go on forever with reasoning why you should not watch this .
 Awful . Awful . Awful . Did I say this film was awful . This film is a complete piece of cinema trash . Almost as bad as the fourth installment Jaws 3 is one of the worst animal films ever !!! The film is rediculous . First of all , how does a series of sharks terrorize the same family no matter where they turn . I mean did the great white shark community plant microchips in them or something . This time around `` Bruce '' makes a trip to Sea World -LRB- which by the way is no where near an actual beach -RRB- and plans to terrorize all the people who get in it 's way . The effects are some of the worst I have ever seen . Ataris have better effects than this film . Do not . I repeat , do not see this movie . It is a total waste of time .
 I did not know that white sharks grow up to 35 feet.DUHH !! They do n't ! Since when do sharks care for their young ? They do n't . Baby sharks are on their own since birth and in some cases , the parent tries to eat them . Really fake and cheesy effects . I went back to blockbuster for a $ 2.14 refund on this movie . Okay for a snowy or rainy day .
 While the original Jaws had us glued to our seats in a state of sheer terror , Jaws 3 had us rolling around the floor laughing our little 3-D glasses off ! We snickered at a 35-foot piece of foam-rubber with ugly fake teeth and we howled at the so-called actors who took part in this honey of a film . Inept is too kind a word to describe the thespian skills of those who grace this glorified middle school production . I wonder if Mr. Gossett or Mr. Quaid proudly include this masterpiece on their resumes ? Honestly , Jaws 3 is so hysterically bad that it 's actually fun . No , it 's beyond fun -- it 's an outright blast ! It 's kind of like one of those horrid 50 's flicks -- ya know , something like `` Godzilla Ate the Blob and Tossed His Cookies on Tokyo '' . Truly one of the worst films of all-time , one which I 'm proud to admit I 've watched at least a dozen times , Jaws 3 gets funnier with each viewing . It must be seen to be believed !
 Okay , as far as we know , great whites do n't grow to 35 feet . Not to mention that the Florida waters are warm and whites do n't like warm water . The plot was terrible and the effects were extremely cheesy . If you are into cheep , underwater thrillers , then go ahead and see this movie . I recommend that you do not . Waste of time and money .
 The tag line listed above relates to the original theatical release of Jaws 3 . In the early to mid eighties , there was a mini revival of the 3D format , hence Jaws 3D . The filmmakers , in an attempt to link this wretched sequel to the previous two , bring back Mike and Sean Brody . Apparently , Mike works at Seaworld , in some fashion or other , and his younger brother Sean comes for a visit . Seems to me that if I had a couple of life changing events with enormous man eating sharks , I would be wary of working around the water , but there you go.As is common with sequels , this one suffers from a much lower budget than the previous movies , and it seems obvious with the cheesy special effects . Was there hope that the threadbare plot and flimsy connection to the first two movies would be covered up by the awesome use of 3D ? Probably , but since 3D is not available on this disc , that makes the movie seem all the more hokey , especially when you see something flying towards the screen for no apparent reason.Basically , a baby shark and a mother shark enter a man made lagoon in Seaworld , the baby shark ends up dying due to human recklessness , and the mother shark wreaks all kinds of havoc . That 's it . While some of the actors do a very capable job , with Dennis Quaid showing a glimmer of talent , they ca n't save the movie 's poor direction and excrutiatingly bad special effects -LRB- with some of the most obvious examples of bluescreen work I 've ever seen ... did they even watch this movie before releasing it ? -RRB- . This movie was basically made to capitalize on the short-lived 3D fad in the eighties and off the huge and moderate success of its predecessors , Jaws and Jaws 2 . On a positive note , at least it 's not Jaws
 For something like a week ago i rented this movie , and thats actully the worst movie i have EVER seen , me and my brother almost laught ourselvs to death.The shark doll they used in this movie ca n't even be compared with the shark they used in 1975 . And all the credit i can give to this movie is the very very cool opening sequence.Morten Solberg Norway .
 Jaws 3 is about Sea World . Interesting . Jaws 3 does n't seem to keep the plot as much as the 1st and 2nd . I would say it 's ok , but it was lame -LRB- for a 13 year old or higher -RRB- and worse , what happened to the special effects ? It looks like the shark is a drawing on paper , cut out and put onto the screen . -LRB- In some scenes -RRB- so does all the other special effects . I would n't suggest this movie if you want horror , or 3-D graphics . If your looking for any of those things , I would suggest the 1st Jaws .
 `` Jaws '' was a classic , `` Jaws 2 '' was a very satisfying sequel , but this one may dissapoint . My reason is beacuse it 's too strange and bizarre . Also , you do n't get that much shark action , the first death is worthless , all you see is the mouth full of razors take a bite , then you can see a 3-d arm floating around in the water . Pathetic . The shark only really comes at the end . You would expect it to be great when it says there are two sharks , but instead it 's crap . The first shark is a baby , which looks smaller than a dolphin and the second shark is the mother , which is better , it 's big , but it roars underwater for god 's sake , also it looks just as fake as the shark in the 1st and it 's jaw looks like it 's about to drop out . I also did n't like where this one was set
 Jaws 3 ca n't beat Jaws1 and 2 but it is not that bad like Jaws 4 . This shark thriller is about a killer great white swimming around in an water park -LRB- Sea World -RRB- . Once the scientists there find out there is a shark terror begins.Killing , eating , and swimming.Can Jaws the Shark be stopped?Trust me do n't see this just see part1 and 2 .
 This is not worth writing about . Dennis Quaid is a good actor , but a poor choice of movie to be associated with.If you want to watch a bad movie , then watch this one .
 What a terrible movie . Looks like crap and the special effects are so lame you can only laugh . I thought Jaws 2 was bad but this is worse .
 I am very much eager to see this movie . But unfortunately , still I have not received this Goods . It is the third time My orders are not reaching to me , and they will inform that they are sending again , but never delivered to my address . I am UNLUCKY to watch this movie .
 Yes , this might have been good in cinemas with its 3D effects , but seeing it on video or shown on TV you realise that the 3D effects were the only thing worth going to see this mess for . The slow-moving plot is just a rip-off of Gorgo and the special effects are utterly laughable . Especialy ridiculous is the climax in which the mother shark 's choppers fly towards the screen like the false teeth of some cartoon character . Utterly dire ! The series should have stopped after the excellent Jaws 2 rather than dragging it down to this abominable level .
 Originality , music , and the fact that does n't hurt the original -LRB- unlike Jaws The Revenge does by pointlessly killing off Martin and Sean Brody -RRB- . Its been years since the 2nd Great White terrorized Amity . `` Mike '' Brody , the eldest of sheriff Martin Brody 's sons works for Seaworld . Younger brother Sean -LRB- Who has aged about 12 years since Jaws 2 ! -RRB- comes to visit him and guess what . . The Shark starts munchin ' ! The Shark has to create mayhem whenever the Brody 's are around ! Sequel is hurt by uninspired acting ; ya just do n't care about the characters . Still , MUCH better than Jaws The Revenge .
 The film begins underwater . A large fish is bitten in half . What did it ? A group of water skiers practice acrobatics , then something happens . The `` Sea World '' theme park is opening . Its lagoon has an opening to the sea . Why are the dolphins upset ? A man goes into the water after dusk . Will he have an accident ? -LSB- We know what will happen but do n't know when . -RSB- Somebody does n't show up for work . Why are the dolphins acting strangely ? -LSB- Pliny wrote a story about a dolphin that rescued a man at sea . -RSB- Does show business dictate the solution to a problem?Is night time the right time to go shark hunting ? Can a fish be used as an attraction ? What if a dead body shocks the customers ? Does the manager remind you of Dilbert 's world ? Has Murphy 's Law been repealed ? -LSB- No . -RSB- Will the mother of all sharks sneak into the lagoon ? Will this provide a new thrill for paying customers ? Will they appreciate being part of a news event ? What did you do on your vacation ? Would you pay to visit this theme park?Did you appreciate the speech by the spokesperson ? Was this story as good as the earlier versions ? -LSB- No . The earlier versions were livelier and scarier . -RSB- Every film needs a happy ending to be successful . Were you pleased by this ending ?
 I saw this in the theater at age 12 and again numerous times on video . The main reason that this movie has not been released in a 3D format for home video , is that the movie was released in a polarized 3D format , rather than the old red/green or red/blue format that works on television sets . One lens in the movie glasses was polarized vertically and the other horizontally -LRB- a la Universal and Disney theme-park 3D movies -RRB- . This particular effect is currently impossible to re-create even on HD televisions because of the horizontal scanning that makes the tv images . It could be converted into a red/green format for DVD , but Universal is unlikely to shell out the money for a conversion , which would likely take over a year of labor by an FX team . Also , that 's assuming that the Left and Right film masters still exist as seperate films . Even at age 12 in 1983 , I was unimpressed by much of the film , one redeeming factor being that the shark was so darn huge -LSB- 35 ft -RSB- . I did n't like the use of stop-motion near the end , something Spielberg avoided at all costs in the original . Holding out for the slim chance of a Red/Green 3D conversion before I buy , as I have all the others on DVD .
 Just awful . One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Trying to make more money on a name -LRB- Jaws -RRB- is shameful .
 This movie was so bloody . My boyfriend and I left the show five min tops . The shark was always attacking people . The surfer was so bloody at the end of the movie . I went to California to complain to the producer .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I only bought this DVD because I 'm a completist . Originally released in theaters as 3D , the DVD is presented in 2D for some reason . The visuals look like someone put the film together using the MS Paint program on their computer . At times the shark actually looks as if it were cut and pasted on the background -LRB- and the shark itself screams `` fake '' -RRB- . Terrible special effects , subpar performances from actors you expect better from -LRB- I 'm looking at you Louis Gossett Jr -RRB- . Even the soundtrack is bad bad bad . I just do n't know what Universal was thinking when it released this film . I 've found it works best if you accept this film for what it is , an 80 's `` killer shark run amok at the water park '' yarn and disassociate it from Jaws completely .
 About as bad as bad can get Jaws # 3 is a 3d extravaganza gimmic back in the mid-80 's . While one can have fun with this film , if they no what they 're getting into , but impossible to take seriously . Why Fox put this 3d film on dvd in a non 3d manor is beyond me .
 I saw the movie when it came out in the theater in 3D and it was ok . Watching it in 2D on my television only shows how bad of a movie it really is . Do n't waste your money on this dvd .
 I 'm a big fan of Sea World , so I thought it would be fun to see it back in the day through this movie . This film was boring and so unbelievable in it 's plot that I had it turned off in like 35 minutes . Even fans of the Jaws movies will find this one a snoozer , I 'm sure !
 I ordered Jaws 3 and I could only play Jaws the original . I was ripped off !! Do n't order this unless you want Jaws 1
 Jaws 3-D -LRB- Joe Alves , 1983 -RRB- During the 2012 edition of the Capitol Theatre 's yearly horror-thon Twelve Hours of Terror , I got to see Universal 's brand-new -LRB- as far as the cinema knew , it was the first theatrical showing in America -RRB- Real-D remaster of Jaws 3-D , commissioned as part of the Universal 100th Anniversary series of Blu-Ray discs . I was astonished -- not by the realism of the 3-D , but by the fact that Universal would spend that much time , money , and effort on one of the crappiest movies ever made . Worse yet , thirty years later , it has aged very , very badly ; my forty-three-year-old self saw a lot of flaws that my thirteen-year-old self missed.Plot
 Oh dear . This one lives up to the rep of a sequel . Contrived , stupid and just plain boring . This is a movie that invites headaches because of all the eye rolls . It broke the rule credibility rules . Not bent . Broke . I thought I had seen this one before and now I know why it was n't memorable . Good acting , tho .
 The first two Jaws films kept you on the edge of your seat , seeing the characters as real people , hoping they 'll make it . However , in Jaws 3 , I could n't endear myself to any of the characters , so I actually was backing our angry shark . If that was the intent of the filmmaker , then success was achieved . However , hoping that a shark will devour your characters is n't really scary . It 's actually like backing your favorite football team , hoping the players get as many yards and touchdowns as possible . If you 're all for Team Shark , you 'll be pretty satisfied . I was entertained , but not so much that I 'd waste my time with another viewing .
 This movie is , well , just about every bad thing I can possibly say about a movie . Let 's just say it 's cheesy in every way . The acting , the gore , the plot , everything . It 's just pure cheese . I do n't see how anyone could possibly like this movie . It 's so stupid ! I would n't even say it 's one of those `` so bad it 's good '' movies . It 's not enjoyable in any way whatsoever .
 WARNINGThis movie is nothing more than a cheap remake of Jaws . Its noth worth your money . The only good part was Dennis Quad acting .
 Well , you knew they would make another Jaws film after the second film made a lot of money , but Jaws 3-D is just awful ! From the unconvincing FX to the terrible storyline this jaws has no bite at all . The film was originally shown in 3-D and believe me it did n't save this clunker one bit . I saw this in a theater back it the day it I remember it looking terrible in 3 - D. Strangely enough , this is a sort of remake of Revenge of the Creature -LRB- from The Black Lagoon -RRB- . The first film is a classic , the second film is fair and this third film is a bomb ... of course we have Jaw 4 - The Revenge , which is just stupid , but at least it 's unintentionally funny . Skip this dud and Revenge too .
 I am sorry , but simply put , `` Jaws 3 '' is the worst movie that I have ever seen . Though I usually write long reviews , I 'm gon na keep this one short and simple . `` Jaws '' was one of the best movies ever made . `` Jaws 2 '' was absolutely horrible . `` Jaws 3 '' remains the worst movie ever made , and `` Jaws
 Yuck!I hate this movie!Nothing could live up to the first 2 ! Terrible!Don ` t buy !
 a shark invading Seaworld , wow , were the writers on drugs ? Bad acting , my McFarlane model looks better then the shark , and what the hell were these clowns thinking about ? Possiblly the worst sequel except for Jaws the Revenge . What a fricking joke . This film proves , put the Jaws name on a poster and people will come , for like a week , this is a piece of crap . Ask Dennis Quaid , and the rest if they felt they put a great film out . They act as if if never happened , good for them , this movie needs to be flushed down a toilet , and soon , it really stinks .
 I 'm the kid who wrote the review for this movie titled `` Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the theater , '' but the thing is , when I wrote that , it had been like three years since I 'd last seen the film . That 's why I said `` Though I usually write long reviews , I 'm going to keep this one short and simple . '' Well this is the follow-up to that review . Not taking my own advice , I watched the film again just today , thinking that perhaps I 'd like it a bit better than last time . On the contrary , I liked it exponentially LESS . `` Jaws 3 '' makes `` Masters of the Universe '' look like a masterpiece -LRB- I hate `` Masters of the Universe . '' -RRB- As I said last time , the fact that Roy Scheider , the hero Brody of the first two films is n't in this is one of the main reasons its such a mess . `` Jaws 2 '' was pretty awful as well , but it was made better by Scheider 's presence . The third film in the `` Jaws '' series , has only the faintest connection to its two predecessors , which is the main reason why it 's so awful . The film no longer takes place in beautiful Amity Island , but in a dirty , crowded Sea World park . Horrifyingly , neither Martin or his wife Ellen Brody are in the film , there place taken by their two sons Michael and Sean , who actually did fairly well in the movie despite the fact that they really have nothing interesting to do or say . The `` characters '' in the film are all very shallow -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , and when one of them dies , you do n't really care , because either you have no idea who they are , or they 're so pointless you 're glad to see them go . One of the worst aspects of the film is the fact that John William 's extraordinary musical talent is gone -LRB- that is except for the famous shark theme which is n't used very well -RRB- and replaced by one Alan Parker , who I was pleasently surprised to notice actually did a very good job , though he still ca n't hold a candle to the musical genius that is Williams . The story is unclear and badly told . This is not helped by the horrible script -LRB- who wrote this movie anyway ? -RRB- . But the worst thing about this film is the fact that it 's even less about the shark than the second one . IS THIS A `` JAWS '' FILM OR NOT !? A `` JAWS '' FILM NEEDS TO BE ABOUT A SHARK !! The shark does n't even come into the story until about halfway through the film ! `` Jaws 3 '' has a single saving grace , and that is the fact the the shark itself , continues to astound me . Even better is the fact that in `` Jaws 3 , '' we see the shark in its natural element , that is the water , much more than in any other `` Jaws '' film . This definetly has the most underwater photography . All things considered , I think the average nine-year-old could have put together a better `` Jaws '' movie . I rate the four films as follows .1 . Jaws
 Why a movie like Jaws needed a sequel at all is something that I will never understand . The first one was simply a masterpiece , a work of art that was brought to audiences due to talent and hard work . The most memorable part of the movie was the section where you see the three guys go out into the ocean to kill the shark . Now how would they outdo that?Then came Jaws II , which was not really horrible but it was a movie that really did n't need to be made . THEN here comes the kicker ... Jaws III . Basically , a killer shark gets into Sea World and , you guessed it , all hell breaks loose . The shark 's baby ends up getting killed , which does n't help matters any.So what 's your point , you ask ? Well , there 's quite a bit of bad stuff in this . The type of main characters that are used are so cliche . There 's the rough and hard-headed `` Sea World '' architect and there 's the smart/attractive biology girlfriend . The movie supposedly uses some `` 3D effects '' but all I saw was some rather crappy stuff that may or may not have been 3D . One example is the shark in some scenes . The shark looked god awful . Watch the part near the end where the shark hits the control room . You 'll get my point . Also , the feeling that was in the first one was missing . You know what I 'm talking about , that feeling of terror of the water that seemed to have been part of the first movie . Jaws 3 was just not scary at all . A shark attacking Sea World ?! Come on ! That 's just as bad as Jason Vorhees attacking Manhatten!The only scene that I thought was good , and is why I gave this movie an extra star , is where the dude gets sucked into the shark 's mouth . I have to admit , that was pretty funny -LRB- it also looked like he was n't having a good time in there ! -RRB- . I ask you guys not to bother with this movie . There 's nothing in Jaws 3 that will keep you coming back for it .
 If you 're going to release a bad film like this one at least include the gimmick that sold the film in the first place ! If you can buy that John Waters film that has the smell-o-vision card in it , then re-release this film and bring on the goggles !
 Even though we saw it in the theatre as kids in ' 83 , we still remember how pathetic this movie was and still is ! How another great white -LRB- that looks like a frozen turkey with fins this time -RRB- gets to Florida , and `` ironically '' finds the Brody brothers there ! Wow , she must be equipped with some huntin ' dog nose ! -LRB- Oh , brother -RRB- A `` SEAWORLD '' has been newly open , and with a lot of tourists , it 's time for the shark to eat , swim , and make big toothed appearances in front of any exhibit windows . Go `` EEEEEEEE '' and smile , you blubbed up fat turkey fish ! The effects get top marks in the HORRIBLE category . Grainy blue screens and a `` play-do '' looking shark are all making this movie reak of rotten . The acting here is just do-able , same going for the script . My brother and I still laugh throughout the movie at it 's pathetic script , and horrible effects . I bought this for him Christmas 2000 , and he said it was one of the best things he ever got for the holidays , since it makes us laugh so hard.Jaws 3 is perhaps one of the most entertaining movies I 've ever watched . And not because it 's good -LRB- believe me , it 's not . -RRB-
 This is one of the most pathetic movies to watch-yet whenever my Brother and I watch it we have the biggest laughs together.Dennis Quaid is older Mike Brody and some other dude is Sean , -LRB- not a bad actor -RRB- . They are running the new Sea World in Florida . And after having fun , along comes ... . Jaws 3 . AIEEEEE !!! Such a big turd at now 35 feet , she roams the area in search of revenge after the people of the facility accidently killed her 15 ft baby . So , here she comes ... and the shark is huge ! Blue screen FX are so awful ... watching her big butt swimming across the screen is hilarious . The script is so 80 's typical ... a NEW AGE theme park and they become food for ... JAWS 3 !! Aieeeeee ... blubblub ... crunch ... munch ... Unbelievably after winning an Oscar , Louis Gossit Jr. has the guts to star in such a dump of a movie ? HAHAHAHAThe funniest part is when the little girl spots Jaws coming towards their underwater plexiglass view window and says , `` Look daddy ... loooook ! '' And without chaging his dull and bored facial expression yet changing his voice , he yells so loud , `` Holy ... `` Imagine sounding so scared , swearing , yet looking half asleep ?? So much laughs all day with that scene.Rotten-rotten movie ... but full of `` THIS IS SUCH A GARBAGE MOVIE '' laughs .
 I never understood why a DVD version of 3-D movies would be released without the 3-D . I mean , lets face it , this was always intended to be much more of a gimmick movie then it was about the continuing adventures of the Brody clan.I would pick this up in a minute if it was released as -LRB- maybe -RRB- a `` midnight movie '' with a pair of glasses and maybe a bag of popcorn or something . For a studio to roll this out there naked and expect people to buy it is just crazy . The movie stinks ; it 's simply not good enough to stand up on its on merit . Part of the reason people went to the theaters to see this was to catch it in 3-D ; to take that away just does n't make any sense . It was never meant to be without it .
 Oh dear is this film bad ? Jaws is a classic , Jaws II is a strong , worthy sequel but this drek is just so pathetic . Though I must say it 's nowhere near as bad as the notorious Jaws The Revenge.In the space of 5 years the Brody kids have gone from kids to total grown-ups . Dennis Quaid is Michael and he now works at Sea World -LRB- one would imagine he would have a fear of the water by now -RRB- in Florida . They 've just opened up their Undersea Kingdom -LRB- y' know those glass tunnels -RRB- and ignorant park owner Calvin Bouchard -LRB- Academy Award winner Louis Gosset Jnr . at the start of his downward spiral -RRB- is so full of himself he does n't even realize a massive Great White Shark has sneaked into the lagoon and plans to munch on divers , swimmers , skiers etc. . Luckily for them a renegade naturalist -LRB- Simon MacCorkindale from TV 's Casuality , looking EX-ACT-LEE like Thomas Jane -RRB- is hanging around to convince everyone that getting in the water to torment/trap/catch the poor beast is the best idea . His fate is firmly sealed as soon as he opens his mouth . Which is a bit of rip-off considering he risks his life many times through-out the film and Calvin Bouchard jeopardizes so many but escapes un-eaten . The shark coverage is down right terrible . The underwater photography sucks and is badly spliced with stock footage of sharks that look nothing like the clumsy foam rubber monster in the close-ups . The 3-D effects come off as the WORST you will ever see . Even in plain-old 2-D you can see that they were pretty much the most unimaginative and unsubtle attempts at reaching the audience ever . Even the 3-D tricks in Friday the 13th Part 3 were much more fun and natural than this.I first saw Jaws III on ITV years ago . It 's best to see it on DVD as the 2.35:1 picture adds loads to the sides of the frame for those of you who suffered the pan and scan video . Plus there is a few extra gory shots that ITV and some video releases saw fit to censor . But the picture quality is real nasty with some dirty grainy scenes and annoyingly soft focus others . The sound is simple Dolby Stereo but do n't expect any Oscar winning sound mixes this time . Even John Williams shark theme is all but vanished and some guy called Alan Parker 's score is generic and unengaging.Extra feature -LRB- s -RRB- consist of a trailer -LRB- methinks originally in 3-D shown before Friday the 13 Part 3 began , in the previous summer -RRB- . And then there 's something Universal call ` Recommendations ' . Click on it and what do you get ? Still photos of the DVD covers of the other Jaws movies . Duh , thanks ! The only interesting thing about this film is the fact that Sea World actually allowed their name and logo to be defamed in such a ludicrous way . Jaws may have been born into greatness but it died very , very quickly as a franchise . Now Jason Voorhees has lasted much , much , MUCH longer and the first Friday the 13th film was hardly a masterpiece .
 Hands down , this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen , and boy I 've seen hundreds of movies . If you thought things went down hill from the nail biting original thriller `` Jaws '' to the ridiculous teen flick `` Jaws 2 '' , then `` Jaws 3 '' plumbs new depths of abysmal film making . Everything about this film is terrible ... banal dialogue , overacting by the principal cast , totally absurd & moronic plot and utterly third rate special effects . Dennis Quaid , Louis Gossett Jr. , & Lea Thompson should all strike this movie from their resume 's as they all contribute shocking performances ! Director Joe Alves -LRB- the production designer for the first two `` Jaws '' movies -RRB- made his directorial debut with this film , and he has n't directed another film since ... and based on this turkey , I would n't put him behind another camera either . The movie lacks any hint of suspense and is nothing more than a stupid 90 minute advertisement for Sea World and flipping dolphins and leaping killer whales . The paper thin plot sees the sons of Amity police chief , Martin Brody , pick up jobs at Florida 's Sea World -LRB- why could n't they get jobs as rangers in the Rocky Mountains ... no sharks up there ! -RRB- , where once again the Brody clan attracts giant great white sharks like flies to an outdoor picnic ! Pandemonium breaks loose in the acquatic park as a 35 foot great white starts its own show for the tourists by eating the water ski team , shattering undersea walkways imprisoning the tourists , eating more stupid scuba divers and then plowing through a glass wall into the main control room , and nearly makes a meal of Quaid & Armstrong . The special effects with the shark breaking into the control room have to be seen to be believed ... they are so shabbily done it 's just a joke . Want to know how bad the shark looks in this movie ?? As a comparison watch a Ray Harryhausen creature film from the early 1960 's like `` Jason and the Argonauts '' or `` The 7th Voyage of Sinbad '' ... and then watch `` Jaws 3 '' . Ray was making more lifelike and believable monsters two decades before the rubber sharks in this monster dud . Quite easily `` Jaws 3 '' ranks as one of the worst sequels ever made . Only watchable by masochists and silly children .
 Disgracing the Jaws franchise , this movie was incredibly poor . Jaws 2 was decent , but this movie was trying to milk the Jaws name of everything it had , and it looks like it was already dry . Atrocious special effects and bad acting are abundant in this film . It was meant to be seen in 3d , but since probably 1 in a billion Americans has a pair of 3d glasses , these ' 3d effects ' are just painful to look at . The best that can be said is that it is remotely entertaining to watch if you are feeling lazy and want to stay in bed on a Sunday afternoon and you happen upon it on TBS or TNT .
 JAWS 3-D -LRB- that 's the actual on screen title of the theatrical version -RRB- is a major let down , and the ONLY thing the film has going for it is the 3-D aspect.When flattened out and retitled for video , there is n't much left but bad acting , a deadly dull first half and poorly directed action.The film was NOT shown in the inferior red/blue 3-D , by the way , but rather in polarized format with clear lens glasses.On DVD , Universal could have and should have included a 3-D version along with the modified flat 2-D print . Field Sequential 3-D allows those with a $ 25 pair of LCD glasses to see a good full color 3-D effect on their home TVs , and one that would approximate the polarized theatrical version fairly well . In fact , such a version of JAWS 3-D was sanctioned by Universal for videodisc release in Japan over a decade ago.Instead of remastering it using the latest technology , they stick us with a flat only DVD . Stupid of them , as bootlegs of the 3-D version sell like crazy!It 's JAWS 3-D , Universal ... not JAWS 3 .
 I 'm sorry , but I hate this movie . It 's not scarey , the special effects were done to be seen in 3-D and look REALLY bad on a TV , the acting is substandard , and the plot is pretty dumb . If you 're a Jaws fan , avoid this film . There is nothing here except an excuse to make a 3-D movie with a shark in it . One positive note for this film . It 's not scarey so it 's probably the best Jaws movie for kids
 Where do I begin ? This movie was awful ... I had morning sickness that was n't this bad.If being a `` ham '' were an Olympic event , Bess Armstrong and Louis Gossett , Jr. would sweep the gold medals for this ball of cheese . Dennis Quaid would pull a close second for his amazing performance as a caring boss and drinking buddy/older brother . -LRB- Has Dennis Quaid been in a movie in which drinking was n't his main talent ? -RRB- Anyway , go to the beach , but stay away from this video .
 Jaws 1 was a great movie ... Jaws 2 still felt like a jaws movie because all of the original characters are there except for of course Quint and Hooper ... But I am amazed at the `` good reviews '' this movie is getting !! The plot is silly `` MAMA IS MAD !! '' and the horrible special effects ... a shark swimming backwards ?? Throw this in the recycle bin and hit delete ... this movie was embarrasing !!
 I remember seeing this in the theater when I was a kid but spent most of it with the 3-D glasses off my face . So I rented it the other night just for kicks and wow what an awful movie . It has none of the man vs nature and man vs man moments like in the first two . The 3-D effects make it seem even more of a joke . They use old shark footage for some of the scenes which in no way matches the scenes they are being used for . Very blah all around with no really interesting characters . You do n't care about any of them really . Badly written , poorly shot , and just mediocre acting . Do n't waste your money or your time .
 I guess I have to give it a score ! Terrible special effects and really bad acting.What were they thinking ? A paper shark drawing by a 3-year old ? Did the producers run out of money and could n't come up with anything else?This movie is an insult to Spielberg who directed the original jaws.One star because I have to give something . Otherwise it will be -5 stars . Just terrible !
 I would love to review my DVD , however , I have yet to receive it !? Where could it be ? They tell me somewhere between here and the motherland-England . So , if & when I receive it , I will be happy to review it .
 Even if you had 3D glasses , the special effects are still bad as the effects from the Howard The Duck movie.The actors were sooo boring that there was nothing that can save the film even if it was in 3D . The story was also as dumb as the one from the Gargabe Pail Kids film . This makes The Midnight Meat Train movie scarier by comparison . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 I loveeee the Jaws movies but this one was terrible . It just did n't fit in with the rest of them . Kind of like how Halloween 3 does n't fit in with the rest of the Halloweens .
 Not a good movie . the only thing that makes it viewable is the performances by the actors like Denis Quaid . Recomondation
 Jaws 3 is a waste of time , but a definient own to collectors like myself . In this movie ... Dennis Quaid plays Micheal Brody -LRB- oldest Brody Boy -RRB- who is a enginner at Sea World in Florida . He is involved with Katherine -LRB- played by wonderful Bess Armstrong -RRB- , a marine biologist who is in charge of trick dolphins . When a baby White shark gets trapped inside the park -LRB- with his mother in tow -RRB- it is caught by Katherine and a `` Crocodile Hunter '' type Shark documentor . Well the baby dies , the mom seeks revenge -- finally getting her out of hiding place-a underwater filteration pump . The Shark looks incrediablly fake , and swims backwards in a sceen -LRB- which sharks ca n't do -RRB- and even goes through plate glass windows . Finally they blow her up -LRB- again -RRB- and all is well at sea world -LRB- again -RRB- ! This gets 2 stars b/c of the actors and feeling bad for them , but everyone has to start somewhere . Like I say there is nothing better then the orignal and JAWS was and is the best ! All the sequels ... !
 This was the worst movie ever created . I could have made better movies with crayons and glitter . Do n't spend a dime buying this piece of garbage . I would rather watch paint dry than endure this swill . Thank God there is no Jaws 4 .
 The 2nd Jaws sequel is definetely not the worst , Jaws The Repulsive , I mean Jaws The Retarded , oops I MEAN JAWS THE REVENGE IS !!!!!!!! Jaws 3 has a great musical score , nifty plot , and a few dramatic moments , BUT ... none of the characters are really engaging . You do n't care about them as people so the movie is dull . Atleast the film is original . The plot centers around Brody 's son Michael -LRB- Quaid -RRB- and his job at seaworld in Florida . Roy Sheider is sorely missed .
 JawsIII was n't only a bad movie it was kind of boring . First of all there is no way a big 20 foot shark is going to fit inside the doors to get in Sea World . And like knowone would have noticed it in the tank before later in the movie . It was way to unrealistic and should never have been made just like so many other sequels . The story was dumb . Plain and simple . But the movie did have some interesting qualities to it . I liked how they brought back the Brody brothers . It took me at least 3 times to notice they were the Brody Brothers but hey it was cool when I did notice it . Also I did like how they did the ending . I wo n't spoil it if you have not seen it but it was kind of neat . To some up this lengthy review JawsIII was tolerable in some scenes but the movie itself was pretty unimaginable and DUMB !!!
 Here is a perfect example of griding a story into the dirt . The acting and story line are so bad in this version , you 'll wonder if this movie was really a cult classic in the making .
 I have always thought it unfortunate that great films like `` Jaws '' are often followed by sequels that are so unworthy of their original predecessor . `` Jaws 3-D '' is no exception . This is just a typical example of a film studio trying to make a couple extra dollars by producing a crappy sequel that they know is going to make cash because so many people liked the original . Something that is so painful about this sequel is that it completely defies logic . And how ? Well , for starters the film takes place in Sea World where a Great White and its baby manage to get into the park . Forget that Sea World is about 90 miles from the ocean . If you think that 's silly , the shark here also roars and can swim backward . In life a White Shark is capable of neither . Ugghh ! But throwing away logic is not the only error . One of the biggest problems I perceived here was the glaring lack of good direction from Joe Alves . He simply could n't muster up the suspense and fear that Steven Spielberg created in the original , which makes one wonder why they even hired him to begin with . Some of the scenes could have been quite suspenseful but thanks to Alves they just plod along in boring style . The special effects -LRB- if they can be called special -RRB- are among the worst I 've ever seen on film . The shark in many scenes is a cheap small-scale model , which is imposed onto a background . Not only that but the beast is about as stiff as two-by-four when it swims around . As for the acting , my thoughts are mixed . Louis Gossett Jr. did fine . He obviously had a limited role but makes up for it by putting some energy into his character . Everyone else is sort of ho-hum or just plain bad . And were talking about actors like Dennis Quaid and Lea Thompson here . Overall , `` Jaws 3-D '' is a terrible film . Stick with the original classic and the first sequel only . I just ca n't believe that , after viewing this disaster , `` Jaws the Revenge '' -LRB- which I have n't seen -RRB- is even worse .
 This movie was really bad for the Jaws Series . To me , the series did n't exactly go downhill during Jaws 2 . In a way , this movie and Jaws
 I also feel ripped off after buying this DVD . The John Wu-like incessant gunplay adds nothing to this movie . And Swartzenegger takes himself way too seriously in a poor imitation of the Harrison Ford/Blade Runner role . The special effects are okay but nothing to write home about . Wait for this to come onto network tv where you will be spared the gratuitous foul language and sex scenes ... and not have to waste your money to see it !
 `` End of Days '' is not good . I love big-budget action movies -- that 's why I went to see `` Days . '' I think that Arnold can put in a good performance ; his range is n't the male equivelent to Meryl Streep 's , but as he has shown in films such as `` Twins , '' he has good comedic timing , while in other flicks such as `` T2 , '' he showed powerful , yet subtle and effective character development . In the body-building documentary that prominently featured Arnold on film for the first time , entitled `` Pumping Iron , '' we got to see him at the top of his game ; his life 's passion was demonstrated extremely well , and showed how intense and focused this man is . But in `` Days , '' it was n't there . The character , and even the film called for something ... but it was missing.Arnold 's character called for a depressed alcoholic . While I applaud the filmakers and the script-writers for inserting what should have been a complex hero , it came across as programmed and unsympathetic.My other problem with this film was that it was too overt . Its symbolism
 Poor Arnold . He 's trying to make more of himself as an actor , but if `` End of Days '' is any case , he 's not succeeding.Arnold is Jericho Cane -LRB- check those initials , -RRB- a suicidal cop who finds himself embroiled in a plot to save the world -- and a young woman -- from the clutches of Satan -LRB- a ridiculously indestructible Gabriel Byrne . -RRB- Peter Hyams , whose `` The Relic '' was a fun no-brainer , here seems to be straining for the grim-n-gritty style of films like `` Se7en . `` Byrne , as a suave Satan who gets all the chicks , occasionally musters up some creepy charisma . His temptation of Arnold is a regrettably brief high point , acting-wise . As for the Austrian Oak , he does n't have much to work with besides his usual grunts , grimaces and guns . Robin Tunney takes off her shirt for no apparent reason , and solid supporting actors like Kevin Pollack and C.C.H. Pounder are wasted . And why does the pope come off seeming like Don Vito Corleone?It 's much better than `` Batman and Robin , '' and slightly better than the cliche-fest `` Eraser . '' `` End of Days '' does offer the novelty of watching Arnold get solidly whupped by a pudgy middle-aged woman . But as Schwarzenegger movies go , you 're better off just watching T2 again . Better luck next time , big guy .
 Buy this movie only if you are totally bored and have nothing else to do .
 Hey , what is wrong here . Am I the only one that thought that this movie made me a little less intelligent when walking out . This was a special effects movie where the effects were not that special . As for acting , was there any ? Does Arnold even speak English ? His voice needs to be dubbed like in the good old days . The end was the only enjoyable part because this was where I was set free at last . This was over two hours of my life that I will never get back .
 I found this movie slightly disturbing in the sense that it took away from the importance of Biblically true prophecy . It is just one of several movies that are out today , such as Stigmata , that has falsified the power behind the truth of the Book of Revelation , the Book of Daniel ... and other important `` end time '' prophecies ... I hate to tell you people ... but if you want to know the truth ... read the following : the Left Behind series ... the Days of Sorrow series ... Revelation Unvieled ... Are We in the End Time ... these books are Biblically founded ... and as the truth is , the Bible is the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ... from Genesis to Revelation , people ... what this movie has done was show , in My opinion , that Lucifer is almost as power as God , which is a total lie ... it has distorted what the AntiChrist means ... thus I would call this movie , along with Stigmata , a bit of `` false prophets '' ... What the ending should have shown was ... when A.Schwarzenegger saw and realized the importance of Christ ... Him rebucking and sending the Devil back into his prison ... and gaining a new lease on life ... sadly , the movie did not show this ... though it sort of showed that He gained a miracle at the very ending ... with the `` vision '' ... All in all , it was poorly done ... sad to say ... poorly researched and executed ... I just hope the Left Behind movies come out soon and show the world the truth of how important and how true the Bible is , in comparison to all those false doctrines -LRB- New Age , Buddhism , etc. -RRB- that are out today ...
 Well what can I say ? Arnie chasing the Satan with a 9mm ? Well I do n't think this is the movie we need ! Who would believe that a man can just run away from the Devil and hide from it that easily ? I mean come on ! The Devil is not that easy to deceive . Ok Gabriel was great again I can say that . That is why this film is two not one star . Not even worth it to watch !
 End of Days could 've been terrific . I mean , what other actor would you rather pit against Satan than Ahnuld ? However , the story ruins what could 've been a great film . Arnold , shadowing what Stallone did in Copland , tries to turn in a deep and enthralling performance . However , it 's just so hard to get past the fact that a huge Austrian man just happens to be around in America and fighting crime . Besides this , Arnold does n't have the acting capacity to give the role what it could 've been in more capable hands . He is extremely commanding and does give a so-so performance , but he is not exactly one of our great acting talents . Gabriel Byrne , however , is a pure delight as Satan . He is viscious and superb in an over the top performance . As expected , the film is extremely violent , and at some times for no good reason . This just goes along with the rest of the ill-conceived story . Sudden thoughts just come to people at the right time , and this takes away from the film . People getting sudden realizations just tends to make the film tidier . Also , the special effects , while being quite nifty , have been seen before , so it kind of takes away from this . How many different ways can you show a building exploding ? Not many . This film could 've been terrific if it had a better and more thought out story . The darkness and tone in the film is just right and the action is nonstop , but there are just too many plot holes to avoid . After all , this is a movie , not cinema .
 Yes , this is a real gobbler of a movie , but it might have been okay if it were not just another vehicle for Arnold Schwartzenegger . Arnold , whose emotional range goes from A to B even at the best of times , displays his complete lack of any acting ability at all in a manner that begs the question why Peter Hyams bothered to make the movie at all . Someone else in the role of Jericho might have been able to make the picture work , but it would have to have been someone of the caliber of Spencer Tracy or perhaps Rod Steiger -- who plays a minor supporting role -- in order to do it . Poor Mr. Steiger looks embarrassed to be in the film , as well he might . The movie is an embarrassment to everyone in it . Except Arnold possibly , and only because when one 's only acting method is a gun , everything looks like a shooting range target . Arnold shoots his guns a lot and grimaces , which is pretty standard . That said , there are some things that do work fairly well in this movie . Gabriel Byrne does just fine as the incarnate Satan . He has some fine moments in the film . He is pretty much the only one , however , who gets fine moments . There is a great scene with Jericho and the incarnate Evil One , where Evil tries to buy Jericho 's cooperation . It is totally wasted with Arnold as the tormented alcoholic hero , because Arnold has no emotional range , but one can see by Gabriel Byrne 's attempts to give Arnold something to play off of , that almost any other actor could have made that scene work . One can see a structure there that had potential ; alas , however , completely wasted . Robin Tunney , the damsel in distress , does her best but there is no sense that she is in desperate self-conflict . This is absolutely essential to the emotional impact of the story , but it is completely absent . She screams a lot and looks moderately fetching , and that 's about it . Although the pretense and the rationale for the whole story is contrived and silly , this in itself is not enough to make a movie a failure . It fails because of the actors -LSB- Arnold the hero and Robin Tunney the heroine -RSB- and is a textbook example of how important a professional performance is to a film . Without it , a movie like this is all boom and crash , growl and magazine click , grunt and obscene finger gestures -- not worth your time or your money , unless you use it to study failure and learn from it .
 I 've gotten to the point at which there are certain things that I would like to be explained to me with Arnold Schwarzenegger in his films . I am confused by the way that he looks . He is almost always a policeman or an ex-policeman , a soldier or an ex-soldier -LRB- green beret or commando or special forces or `` black ops '' whatever that is -RRB- - twice he was a research scientist , twice a bodyguard or something , twice an ordinary father , and once he was jungle boy that had a twisted little dwarf as his brother . Twice , of course , he was a robot and that actually makes sense with how he looks , robots can look and sound as ridiculous as they want to -LRB- Robin Williams has now been a robot
 I 'm sure that this was designed to be a thought-provoking movie . Unfortunately , the only thoughts it provoked in me were to wonder how so much money could be wasted on such a bad movie . And it was BAD . Arnold Schwarzenegger is absolutely awful as Jericho , the Devil-killing bodyguard . Robin Tunney -LRB- the Devil 's victim -RRB- looks clueless for most of the film . And Gabriel Byrne , as the Devil , just seems bored and mean . These are n't bad actors , either -- I think that most of the fault lies with the script , which has cheesy lines and over-dramatic pauses . Plus , the action jumps from scene to scene so fast that it is often difficult to figure out what is going on -- and this is hardly Shakespeare . Yuck . `` End of Days '' is only worth seeing to catch the special effects .
 This film can be clumped with all the other apocalyptic dramas that came as a direct result of millenial anticipation . This is one of those movies that makes you wonder if Hollywood is cutting back on production costs by hitting up local LA elementary schools for the best writers in the fifth grade classes . The least they could do is hire kids from a good school system.The associations in the film are extraordinarily weak and lack any sort of logical backing , which is actually rather typical of writers who are barely out of the sensorimotor stage . Hopefully those who wrote this `` film '' have at least successfully navigated the travails of object permanence.One prominent example of this ill logic being that Satan is invulnerable to any eartly implement ... except for a Arnold and his bazooka . That tidbit of knowledge will come in handy during the actual apocalypse . The Four Horseman will be helpless . Oh , and let us not forget the premise
 I admit , the ` Terminator ' movies were fun . It was pretty much the first time we saw science fiction mixed with action but it was delivered in a way that made it fun to watch . ` End of Days ' is the antithesis of that . I do n't even know what this is . If ` Rosemary 's Baby ' or the uncountable number of films you could compare this too were never made , it would still be sub-par at best . The story is cheesy , period . Satan , for no apparent reason , has to impregnate a woman on a certain date to have a son or something . Big muscular , depressed ex-cop must defeat the forces of evil while fighting inner demons -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . I have never been this bored for a complete movie . Even the top of the line special effects could n't salvage this mess of a movie .
 When this film came out I thought great . I always been an Arnold fan , but boy was I wrong . I wasted 6.50 on a real sleaper . The only guy who made the movie ok enough not to snore in the theater was the guy who played satan . From the numerous things that made this movie sad was the Bible ignorance . The taking out of scriptures was real bad .
 I am just as much of an Arnold fan as the next person , but this movie was absurd and trite that not even he could resurrect this film . All of the dialog was forced -LRB- that is with the exception of Gabriel Byrne , who despite the script , was actually rather good . -RRB- The plot is way too stupid to base a movie on , if you like the whole Satan-must-impregnate-a-victim-to-unleash-hell-on-earth theme , go rent `` Rosemary 's Baby . '' Although was made about 20-30 some odd years ago , it puts this one to shame.What was so wrong you ask ? Let me tell you ... First off , Arnold can not play the depressed/suicidal hero roll . He just ca n't . I expect him to either be
 Talk about every single element a movie can screw up on . All aspects were poorly executed . The script was full of flaws , and was bland and uninteresting . The acting was ludicrous . I love Gabriel Byrne and he did a decent job , but he does n't save the movie . The directing was so horrible I was actually laughing . Cheap , lightning quick editing used in a completely wrong way . Peter Hyams 's last film , ` The Relic ' , was n't bad but seriously lacked . But this film is just awful . The special effects were ok for awhile , but they actually got worse as the movie progressed . There are a couple of good shots , but they are buried among a heap of complete idiocy . I 'll never get those two hours back . Do n't make the same mistake .
 What a piece of garbage this was , I 'm glad I did n't go to the theater . Not even the action sequences are at least , of the same level of ones in other Arnold 's movies . Rent it if you can , cause it does n't worth the money it costs buying it .
 This is one of the second worst Arnold movie I have ever seen - the worst being `` Last action hero '' . Messy , senseless , illogical plot and gratuitous violence are major disappointments . Arnold has not put out quality film since T2 and True Lies . Do n't bother with renting this film - just wait until it show up on HBO or Cinemax .
 Since suffering is the means of salvation , I probably merited a bit by enduring thisentire film.Then again , a truly virtuous man may haveremoved the DVD from the player , burned the DVD and sprinkled the playerwith holy water.I will probably take the coward 's way outand sell the DVD to recover my money.Why then the two stars?Because the action and effects were verygood and , in themselves , entertaining.Some of the sets and cinematographywere very well done.This is not a horror film even thoughit is promoted as one.It is never scary.It is an Arny action flick , which is not all bad.I like most of them.This one ultimately fails because ittries unsuccessfully to be something else.The plot was beyond stupid.If one is to use a religionand a human institutionthat has existed for over 2000 yearsas a player in a plot , not done oftenenough considering its influence inhuman affairs , one ought to at leasttry to do so in a somewhat realisticand credible way.This film does not even attempt that.Spoiler ********************** One example is the ending.Our hero , after having a religiousconversion experience before thealtar of God in a Catholic Church , exerts his will to commit suicidein the church to prevent his Satan-possessed body from serving theinterests of it 's new tenant.This merits him , we are led tobelieve , a place in God 's kingdomalongside his dead wife and daughter , who appear to welcome him home.There 's a wee theological problemwith that.Suicide or self-murder , according toChristian morality , is a sin , an objectively evil act , never good or heroic.I did n't realize that 666 , the number ofthe beast in Christian sacred scriptureis actually 999 upside down , and that means the reign of Satanwill begin in the year 999 . No , wait a minute , there was alsosupposed to be one in front of it , so Mr. Horny guy will ascend in 1999 . No big deal , but why was the Pope speakingItalian to the members of the hierarchy.The language of the Church is Latinand the Pope at the time of the filmwas Polish.Vatican City is just by Romeand Rome is in Italy , therefore ... Oh OK , I get it . ******************** If your a big-time Arnold fan , you 'll enjoy this movie , and as I wrote above , it is aneffects-action-violence extravaganza ; so if that is your cup of tea , you ` lllike it for that.If you 're a Christian , or someone who anunderstanding of the nature of the Churchand its teaching , you 'll spend as muchtime annoyed as entertained.Note bene : There is a scene of incestuous sexualactivity with nudity that includesa mother with her apparently youngdaughter , that is , too young , and is entirely gratuitous.Enough of a reason to say goodbyeto this one .
 A waste of time , money , and film stock . The plot line is laughable , ripe with gaping holes ; the fx ultra-cheesy . Not even good for a laugh .
 if you compare this to arnis ohter action movies , this is one of the worst . I loved Terminator , True Lies , Total Recal and Eraser . This time , arni tries to play a deeper character and totally fails . You do n't believe him a single scene , his austrian accend is just funny -LRB- first time i saw him in english -RRB- . also the story and the directing are just average - it bores you right from the beginning - you do n't buy the plot . Only david byrne 's acting is quite amusing , but he has only two or three scenes of dialoge , where he ca n't develop a deep Satanic character . He ca n't compete with al pacino in any way . So to sum this up - this movie is about the same quality as Last Action Hero , forget about it .
 I 'm a huge Arnold fan , but what a disappointment . Barely even good enough for a rental . If you have absolutely nothing else to do , you 've read everything in the house and a friend just happens to stop by with this movie in hand , sure , go ahead and watch it . But it 's not worth going out of your way . Sorry Arnold . You should have left this one for Steven Segal .
 Like the wretched `` Stigmata '' , this Schwarzenegger vehicle is a gorefest of truly stomach churning violence , masquerading as a religious fable . It 's something of an improvement over the pretentious `` Stigmata '' ; however , its use of religious imagery as a means for grotesque violence -LRB- people being crucified to a ceiling , having their tongues cut out , etc. -RRB- is likely to offend atheists as well as Christians.I found this film annoying enough to hit `` scan '' for the last 20-25 minutes . I 've sat through equally unpleasant films -LRB- `` Seven '' comes to mind -RRB- but `` End of Days '' is predictable and boring.There are some pluses , however . The soundtrack is the best Dolby Digital 5.1 I 've heard in a long time , making excellent use of the split surrounds for some very enjoyable sound effects . Picture quality is superb , and the lighting and makeup are effective without being garish.Schwarzenegger 's performance is fairly close to convincing , given that he 's got a cookie-cutter role to deal with . His sidekick , nicely played by Kevin Pollack , provides some much-needed comic relief . And Gabriel Byrne as the Prince of Lies is good as usual ; although after this film and `` Stigmata '' I bet he 's telling his agent not to send him any more scripts for pseudo-religious trash.Apparently Schwarzenegger 's fans enjoy this one , although he 's not really the straight up action hero of the type he plays in `` True Lies '' and `` Commando . '' However , I 'd only recommend this movie if you 're in the mood for more flash than substance -- and if you 've got a cast iron stomach .
 I 'm a big Arnold fan , It pains me to say this , but this was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . The plot was very formulaic , the characters lacked development , the special effects were old hat . I like to suspend reallity for a good sci-fi flick but this movie was entirely non-plausible from the very beginning . Had it not been for the audio effects that really shined on my home theater system , the movie would be better placed on mystery science theater . Dont waste your time , watch the weather channel this evening instead .
 Among Schwarzenegger 's good movies -LRB- not best -RRB- , i ca n't consider this movie . This DVD will not give much satisfaction in terms of Sound Quality , Special Effects , or I can say even the movie as a whole when compared to Eraser -LRB- or Terminator-2 or True Lies or any other Schwarzenegger movie -RRB-
 Another stupid movie , there is neither plot nor acting in that movie . Arnold made his work as usual , this to say like a man without brain who wants to destroy everything . The violence in that movie is gratuitous , if I were Swarzy I would retire immediately . You could see that movie as you eat a hamburger , it is the same product . To finish , i can say that Arnold destroys everything , include the cinema !
 I ca n't say any more than that ...
 This is one of the lousiest films Arnold has ever made ! I usually enjoy his films , and because they are usually so ridiculous I find myself laughing more than being scared . * End of Days * was too pathetic to laugh ; it was just plain stupid and gory - very gory . -LRB- Do not let children watch this ! -RRB- As usual the script is lousy ; special effects are nevertheless amazing.The only reason this film deserves one star is Gabriel Byrne
 Boring , annoying , downright insulting . Miss it .
 To say this movie was unsatisfying on every conceivable level would be unduly flattering for this collection of huge Hollywood explosions punctuated occasionally by bad dialogue.Without wasting space and time with too much synopsis , `` End of Days '' was a millennium-armageddon action film featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger as self-loathing , drunken security specialist Jericho Cane and Gabriel Byrne as the devil , come to plant his seed in an unlucky young woman -LRB- Robin Tunney -RRB- , thereby ending life as we know it and , presumably , unleashing hell on earth . Byrne is probably still trying to wash the stink of this movie off his hands and his resume.Between explosions , we piece together that Arnie blames himself for the loss of his family -- thus , the steady diet of booze and self-torture . A few more explosions and we 're well on our way to Cane 's fight for redemption -LRB- a knock-down , drag-out brawl with the devil , of course -RRB- . Often , the ending of a movie is unable to maintain the same level of excitement that the body of the film created , and is viewed as a letdown . Not the case here , though ! The ending of this film did not miss a beat in being every bit as insipid as the rest.Please , please -- save yourself ! Do not let those of us who sat through this torture and told the tale have wasted our time and scarred our intellects in vain . File your nails , clean your bathtub , alphabetize your breakfast cereal ... just do n't use two hours of your life on this movie.I guess Arnie and company were hoping we 'd be so blinded by all the explosions that we could n't see the rest of the movie -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- -- no such luck . `` End of Days '' makes `` Highlander 2 '' look like a modern classic.If there is any good to be found in this train-wreck of a movie , it should shine as a bright beacon of hope for any aspiring screenwriter . If this ridiculous work can make it as a heavily hyped big screen release , the sky is the limit for all of us . - MJW
 I bought this movie as a gift for my nephew and prescreened it - thankfully . I was expecting cheesy action flick - but this went beyond to some pretty graphic sex scenes and language . I did n't really like the plot - Arnold vs. Satan ? And Arnold wins ? Not so believable.I bought this partly because there was big too do about it when I went to a catholic college . Nobody mentioned the graphic nature - it was all - wow - have you seen End of Days ? Hmmm , must have missed something . These are the people who would n't see Dogma becaue the church forbid it . Seems a little silly to me.I think it could have been good - or a least better . The theology is pretty weak . I like to think of Satan as subtle . Not flamboyantly blowing up buildings and having group sex with half of New York . Really , besides the girl , Satan is the most interesting and human person in this film - at least there are a few paradoxes.Oh , and dragging a baby girl through a hospital so dark it looks like a funeral home , covering her with snake blood -LRB- in the hospital -RRB- then having the nurse and doctor adopt her when the parents die is a pretty thin plot line . Since this `` chosen one '' apparantly has no intuition to tell her that she is being raised by people preparing her for organized rape , she is really lucky to have Arnold to save her . In such a dark and graphic world , kinda makes you wonder what he was saving her for .
 Okay , I am not going to totally diss this movie . But personally , I hate movies with Arnoald what 's a netor , or what ... For the story line , and the very very neat graphics this was a let down . It was a little slow , and you had to dig to understand the stuff , and it 's all church , stuff and things , and it was really kind of bad . For me , I did n't like it at all , But for other 's they probally would n't mind . But if someone asked , I 'd say ... No , and that 's what it 's going to stay at .
 The idea of satan 's return to earth around new year 99/00 is very predictible . But the film actually got one high point , Gabriel Byrne 's interpretention of Satan himself .
 The problem with `` End of Days '' was the Catholic Church getting in the way of a religous masterpiece.Major problems just get in the way : Cons
 Arnold usually does not go wrong -LRB- he was really young when he did Hercules In New York , so let 's give him a break -RRB- but this movie is surprisingly dull . I am not at all convinced that the actor who is supposed to be the Devil comes even close to fulfilling the expectations from his role . Overall , I do n't think that the concept behind the script is bad -LRB- and even if it is , Arnold is notorious for compensating for such shortcomings by saying `` get down ! '' or something -RRB- but everything else , including the supposed `` horror '' this movie `` inspires , '' is rather disappointing .
 A complete waste of money , not even worth seeing . Not even worth one star -- but Amazon.com does n't give an option for no stars .
 Sorry , but I thought this movie was horrible . Only two other movies are on my list for horrible movies , and this is one of them . Schwarzenegger was completely mis-cast in this movie . The acting was horrible . I ca n't believe Gabriel Byrne wasted his time on this movie . Save your money and spend it on Stigmata . It is a much better movie ...
 This movie started OK and then degenerated into a bunch of Action/Horror cliches Which left me fast forwarding to the end . By the end of this movie you do n't care if the good guy 's win , or die .
 This is basically every action movie sequence all jumbled up into a very predictable piece of trash . Every time something happens in this movie you can easily tell what 's going to follow . There are no surprises in this one . Even the ending was predictable , as dumb as it was . Trust me , stay away from this one , buy Terminator or Running Man or something ...
 I had rather high hopes when I rented this DVD , but alas , the plot is silly , the acting -LRB- with the exception of Gabriel Byrne -RRB- is amateurish -LRB- sorry Arnie , but the hype of this being your most emotional role leaves me laughing -RRB- and the dialogue is embarassing . I 'm only giving the film two stars because of the special effects , which alone make this turkey an interesting watch . A much better film in the same genre is `` Stigmata '' . Hey Arnie , have you considered retiring and going into politics ?
 Remember Last Action Hero ? Well , this one is better , but that does not say much . Most action films have poor acting and this one is no exception , in fact , this one has worse acting than the usual . Not to mention , the lamest wisecracks this side of Adam Sandler . Do n't get me wrong , there were a few good scenes . Unfortunately , it does not save the film from being just a special effects nightmare . GRADE
 The good news -- a very nice DVD package , with excellent picture and sound quality , with lots of extra features . The bad news -- who cares ? Its mindlesss , souless excess , without a single creative idea in evidence . I do n't expect intellectual inspiration from an Arnold movie , but one should at least get some great action sequences and something approaching continuity in the story . Gabriel Bryne , Robin Tunney , and Rod Steiger are all fine in poorly written roles . But this movie makes MTV videos look substantial in comparison .
 End of Days is very dark and spooky . The only thing it has to show for is its amazing special effects . Other than that renting it would be a waste of time .
 In 1999 , a prophecy is fortold that the dark angel is loose from his prison.But leave it to the hero to challenge satan.In the ultimate war of good vrs evil.A very rugged Arnold who is battling personal problems diffrent than anything hes ever done , but a lack luster script and formula action kills this movie off.Good options but you do n't just get a movie for the options just not one of his best but a fun movie to watch rent it do n't buy it .
 There is very little of redeeming value in this movie . The plot-line , a translation of the book of Revelations so loose its laughable , is made even more unbearable by clunky and melodramatic dialogue . Although Arnold Schwarzenegger does some of the best character work in his career here , it is muddled by lopsided drama and action which just plain is n't . The pace of the show , despite the multiple and gratuitous violence , still never surpasses a struggling limp , and the movie is forced to rely on stunning special effects -LRB- I 'll admit , they 're good -RRB- and some big names -LRB- Gabriel Byrne and Kevin Pollack -RRB- to boost viewership . Byrne 's performance as Satan seems phoned-in , and the spiritual struggle of Arnold -- which could have saved the show , were it better written -- is lost in a deluge of dramatic explosions , dopey double-crosses , and flammable demon pee , only to be revived at the last moment in a sort of `` oops , almost forgot '' by the directors , writers , and , unfortunately , Arnold himself .
 It usually takes a few decades , or at the very least , a fewyears for a film to become dated . `` End of Days , '' ArnoldSchwarzenegger 's latest action film spectacular , achieves that distinction in a mere few months - truly a record-setting time . Released in November , 1999 , the film , dealing with the apocalyptic events surrounding the dawning of the 3rd millennium , already seems hopelessly foolish just a few months into 2000 . Not that it played much better in the last century . For , in any and all eras , this film is a washout.Apparently , having run out of villains for the indomitable Schwarzenegger to go up against , the filmmakers simply went straight to the top - or bottom - and found none other than Satan himself waiting in the wings . This screwy , laughable tale of the devil and his minions wreaking havoc in pre-New Year 's Eve Manhattan runs through all the cliches we have come to expect from all the films -LRB- from `` The Omen '' movies on down -RRB- that have attempted to turn the biblical account of the final days into dubious horror movie entertainment.Not directly inspired by the Book of Revelations , the story puts forth the notion that , at the turn of every millennium , Satan has one opportunity to mate with the preordained woman of his choice in order to overthrow God and destroy the world . Schwarzenegger , as a former cop driven to alcoholism and suicidal despair by the murders of his wife and daughter , somehow becomes the sole protector of the innocent woman whose fate has become so inextricably entwined with that of the whole human race.The villain of the film - in this case Satan himself - lacks even a modicum of consistency in terms of his supernatural attributes . He can bend time , eliminate anyone he chooses at will and in the most unlikely fashion ; he can raise people from the dead , yet he is unable to locate the whereabouts of this one defenseless , unenlightened young woman . Time after time she manages to slip through his fingers as he bumbles his way through the subway tunnels and dark city streets of a drizzly Manhattan.By combining two genres , the film simply doubles up its cliches . Thus , in addition to all the action film paraphenalia one expects from such a film - countless explosions , runaway subway cars , improbable helicopter stunts , gruesome deaths and , even the oldest cliche of all , a cat jumping out to startle a gullible and easily fooled audience - we are subjected to the usual array of black masses , psychotic , self-mutilating priests , debased religious imagery and , of course , warring factions of Catholic hierarchy who huddle in the dark recesses of the Vatican and debate the morality of killing the innocent girl chosen to be Satan 's bride - all elements invariably associated with stories of this kind.In the sunset of his career as an action hero , who would deny Schwarzenegger his little bit of self-indulgent self-aggrandizement ? But , really , turning him into a Christ figure does seem a trifle much to swallow even for his most devoted fans . As to his `` acting , '' the less , as usual , said about that the better . But , after his recent appearance in the similarly themed but equally awful `` Stigmata , '' perhaps Gabriel Byrne -LRB- who plays the part of Satan -RRB- should start seeking out his own absolution - or , at the very least , some better movie roles .
 The gist of this movie is the battle between good and evil , and the weapon for that battle is faith . Does that sound like a Schwarzenegger film to you ? Explosions and fight scenes abound in this millennial battle for the fate of the world as we know it.The year is 1999 , and Jericho , played by Schwarzenegger , is a former New York policeman who is living on the edge . To illustrate this , our first scene is with him , contemplating suicide . If you have ever seen Mel Gibson 's performance in `` Lethal Weapon , '' then you have seen this part . His personal struggle continues as a question of his faith because of the death of his family.Now that the millennium is coming to a close , the Prince of Darkness has returned to Earth to claim a bride . If he mates with this bride before the new millenium , then the world will end . Jericho gets caught up in the battle to stop him , but learns that his weapons only take him so far.This is not a great movie . Gabriel Byrne plays the Prince of Darkness very well , but the viewer may find him or herself questioning his powers . He can change reality , but he ca n't seem to stop Jericho . He can walk through fire unscathed , but he ca n't keep from getting shot . The movie did n't seem well thought out.I would recommend giving this film a miss .
 Every movie Arnold has made has been good ... except this one.I watched this DVD with a girl who was n't very pretty to look at ... so I was looking forward to keeping my eyes on the screen . That did n't happen either !
 Now , I love a good action flick . But this one does n't make it on two levels . One , Arnold is so stiff in this movie that it 's painful to watch . Arnold will never win an Oscar , but this is really sad . Special effects will only get you so far . The story does n't have to be a pulitzer prize winner , but it should n't be written on a cocktail napkin either . And it cost 75 million to make.Secondly , I know some people will gripe about this , but how come ever movie with good and evil , evil is all powerful , and good is either weak and vunerable or does n't seem to exist at all . None of the characters in this movie really believe in God , they just do n't want satan taking over the earth . Also how come all these movies have some wierd formula that Satan can use to take over the world and only 3 people in existence know 's about it . Come on ... I 'm not expecting a priest with a cape and a giant G on his chest , but I do n't think that in the war against evil , God is passing out dasies . I 'd love to see a movie where the demon in a movie runs up against someone good who is really pissed off . Sorry for the rant , but this movie did have some potential , but it went for the tired and cliche . Now if Arnold had been a pissed off Angel fighting the devil , now that would have been interesting . My two cents worth , I 'm sure people will disagree ...
 This movie was just that , pitiful . With Arnold and Gabriel Byrne , and an obviously large budget , this movie should have rocked . The acting was embarrassing . Arnold can defeat the devil ? Rent this movie before you buy it .
 He said he would be back.Arnold is back , and this time he is not battling other Terminators , but instead Satan himself . Who wins ? Who do you think?End of Days is another film in the long line of supernatural films of which I think we all have just about had our fill . Arnold plays Jericho Cain who must protect a woman from being impregnated by Satan . Exciting , huh ? Well , the real problem here is you will be bored through most of the movie . Sure , there are some nice action sequences , but none that will stick with after you have left the theatre -LRB- nothing as ground breaking as we saw in The Matrix -RRB- . The characters are dull all except for Kevin Polluck 's character who does have some good one liners.The real problem with this film is that you will get the `` been here , done that '' before feeling all the way through . I sure did . There was nothing original in this film to keep my interest . Plus , the film is long and drawn out . I go to an Arnold film to a -RRB- see him make a fool of himself -LRB- a la Kindergarten Cop -RRB- or b -RRB- see him kill a lot of people . He does neither here.As you can tell , I was just not really impressed with this film at all . Maybe worth a rental where you can talk during half of it while you are waiting for the next action sequence . Otherwise , save your money .
 Satan needs to spawn with the right child in the right place on the right night which turns out to be New York City when midnight hits on the millenium . Arnold is there to stop him.This movie fails because Satan is so dumb . Forget the amalgamation of every other armageddon movie from Rosemary 's Baby to Devil 's Advocate , this one bites on its own merit . Satan ca n't just meet this woman at a party somewhere . He has to run around blowing things up first . And why is Robin Turney the designated mother of all that is evil if she ca n't stop crying and whining for a second . Maybe if the Satanists that raised her had actually trained her in the task that she is supposed to perform , they 'd never have had a problem with her.But when you know that this movie is a true failure is when Satan shows up at Arnold 's apartment adn tries to tempt him into joining with him . Besides calls of `` Say YES Arnie ! Say YES ! Make this movie interesting and just join the legions of the damned !! '' I could n't be more perplexed when Arnie asked Gabriel Byrne what he wanted and did n't get an answer . That 's when I thought `` What DOES G-d need with a spaceship '' after all . And there it is , what does Satan want to take over the world for anyhow?And there 's nothing like a theological plothole to ruin a movie.Watch it for the loopy sex scenes and the explosions , but I implore you , drink heavily beforehand . That 's the only thing that 's going to keep you from the bad plot .
 Gabriel Bryne as the devil is exceptionally well played . You get the feeling he is having the time of his life camping things up . Arnold Schwarzenegger is n't quite as lucky . Again we find Arnold cast as the hero although this time with a dark side that is a nice idea but not followed through well enough . The other area that is pleasant is watching Arnold being the one smacked around for much of the film.The explosions and pyrotechnics are all well done but what could have been a great film is simply a decent one . The plot has lots of potential . Unfortunately the plot and all characters get ` b ' movie treatment in an ` a ' movie explosion-fest . For mindless entertainment End of Days is good , but you get the impression more was intended and the film simply does n't deliver.Arnold 's films are a guilty pleasure for me . I like his work ethic applied to acting . He has improved and expanded beyond simple roles like this . Dealing with the end of the world would have been much more interesting with more substance and less explosions.Good films by Schwarzenegger : Terminator I & IIThe Running Man - vastly underratedTotal Recallthe lighter side : Kindergarden CopTwinsTrue LiesSo it 's not that Arnold is n't capable , it 's that in part , we as audience do n't support his lighter films like we do the action hero stuff . Considering he 's getting up there in age it might not be such a bad idea to start casting him as an older character , but I digress.If you want lots of bangs and booms with a good dose of violence look no further . If you are looking for lots of substance take a pass . Still this is entertaining if you want to slip into couch potato mode .
 OK , I finally saw it on cable . Yuck . Though I only have myself to blame if I 'm surprised it 's bad . The movie makers tried to cash in the apprehension some Religious Right nuts tried to create concerning the Millennium . In a sense , this movie was inevitable . What a story line . It 's derived from countless other movies . I was going to list some , nbut there are just too many . Mostly fair acting . Arnold was flat , as usual . Tunney ? Eh . She 's a cutie-pie with a nice chest . That 's about it . Byrne , though , was quite good as Satan . I especially enjoyed the conversation between Byrne and Arnold in Arnold 's apartment . It warmed my atheistic heart . Maybe that was the movie 's high point . Heck , I can see myself watching it quite often when there 's no actual good stuff on TV . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It 's a shame to give only one star to a film which obviously took a lot of time , effort , talent and money to create . But whoever induced Schwarzenegger into this one served him badly . His role calls for him to be both an action hero and a sensitive , conflicted protagonist . Regarding the former , he becomes more a punching bag in successive scenes of gratuitious violence -LRB- though somewhat less gory , thankfully , than they might have been -RRB- . And his portrayal of the `` sensitive '' aspects falls flat . It comes across as a parody of Arnold . Maybe that was the intent?The best character in the film is Gabriel Byrne 's Satan . His Lucifer at least delivers some humorous wry cynicism . The viewer finds himself almost rooting for him vice Arnold.The film 's premise is not implausible as entertainment
 You have as much chance of urinating against the side of Voyager Two than winning the national lottery . Never the less , my mate Nigel ` spunky ' Turner says that when , not if , he wins it he will buy a copy of every great film Arnold Schwarzenneger has made over the last thirty years and then buy himself a large country estate to put them all in . Well , that takes care of the doorstop ...
 ME LOVER OF ARNOLD SHWARTZENNEGER MOVIES TKE MY ADVICE THIS MOVIE BLOWS LIKE THE WIND THE PLOT HAS BEEN DONE LLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG BEFORE ARNOLD IS AT HIS WORST ACTING HE DOESNT FIT THE PART ARNOLD IF YOU ARE READING THIS PPPPPPLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEEE DONT DISAPOINT US LIKE THIS AGAIN I HOPE THE 6TH DAY IS BETTER
 No wonder Arnold got into politics . By the time he was wrapping up his film career he was churning out one gobbler after another ; END OF DAYS may be his worst of the bunch -LRB- and that 's saying something ; there was plenty of competition -RRB- . Released in 1999 -- at the height of the Y2K hysteria -- this contrived and overdone clunker has the devil himself -LRB- a smirking Gabriel Byrne -RRB- taking human form to take his pre-selected bride -LRB- a confused Robin Tunney -RRB- and mate with her -LRB- between 11:00 p.m. and midnight on December 31st , of course -RRB- to spawn the antichrist . As silly as all of the above is , we throw Schwarzenegger 's contrived character into the mix -LRB- playing a booze-soaked body guard who , because of the brutal deaths of his wife and daughter , has lost his faith -RRB- to match cajones with Beezlebub as they play tug-of-war with the girl ... and of course we all know who 's going to win that mano y mano slugfest.If only our computers really had crashed when 1999 turned into 2000 . When I was n't rolling my eyes , or cringing , or laughing hysterically , several `` duh '' moments popped into my noggin as I watched . For instance , once the spirit of the Dark Lord occupies Byrne 's body , he has to actually look for his girlfriend . Why ? * Spoilers ! * He has no trouble finding the girl 's shrink , and with all the omnipotent power he displays over the course of this wobbler why does n't he just wave his evil hand and get it all done by Happy Hour ? Well , beyond the obvious had Lucifer actually done so we would n't have END OF DAYS the movie ; so in retrospect it was an evil supernatural act.You will cherish several humorous moments , including a pudgy Miriam Margolyes beating the hades out of Arnold ; Byrne 's very human form enduring gun shots , being flung from a window several stories down , being set on fire , run over by a subway -- and walking away from all unscathed -LRB- I want that medical plan ! -RRB- ; and a climactic sanctuary scene where the church gets thoroughly demolished -LRB- just try filing that insurance claim -RRB- . * Spoiler ! * Finally , Arnold cheats Beezlebub -- who has possessed him as a last resort , of course -- by hurling himself on a sword . Thank heavens he did so ; having endured END OF DAYS for two-plus hours , I was about to beat him to it . -- D. Mikels , Author , The Reckoning
 When this movie came out in theaters in November , I avoided it , mostly because I had heard so many bad things about it . I recently saw it for myself , and I discovered something shocking
 After losing $ 7 and two hours of my life seeing this at the theatre it is time to get petty revenge/vent . This movie contains another typical `` action '' plot that is predictable and full of dull characters . This can be balanced out with great action which this movies lacks . The acting is ... well nevermind . The dialogue is unintentionally funny , but that does not justify owning this movie . The real tragedy here is Gabriel Byrne , who is the man , in a horrid movie . If you really NEED to see a supernatural type of movie see The Sixth Sense again or take a nap . To sum it up over the hill action hero , bad script , no action , good trailer and marketing = every bad HOLLYWOOD movie . On the plus side the explosions sound good .
 Comparing the Exorcist to this movie is like comparing Laurence Olivier 's Hamlet to Godzilla versus Mechagodzilla . Interesting that so many people applauded Gabriel Byrne 's portrayal of Satan . How would they know ? Perhaps this movie appeals to satanists . One particularily disturbing scene has Satan apparently urinating on the streets of New York . This would explain a lot if you 've ever been there . Two stars for some mildly amusing special effects
 End of Days is one of those bothersome , tiring films that take a cliche and ride it for all its worth . In the meantime , viewers are subjected to a bad , done before script , hammy acting , and violence out the wazoo ! I had some higher hopes for this film -LRB- at least as far as you can hope for with a Schwarzenegger film -RRB- as the trailers made it look like he was typed a little bit out of cast . But as soon as Arnold has to save Robin Tunney from the the incarnation of the Devil -LRB- played very badly by the usually enjoyable Gabriel Byrne -RRB- , he turns back to the action hero everyone loved before his surgery sidelined his career . Ultimately , it is a predictible film at best , and one that wo n't put Arnold back on the map . Oddly enough to mention in a review of a movie such as this , I would recommend instead the very cute Jingle All the Way for a different side of Mr Pumping Iron !
 This movie was doomed for failure before it even came out . The only thing going for it now is Arnold , who 's career has not been startling since `` True Lies . '' The overall plot premise is overly simple and unoriginal . How many movies do we need to see about the coming of Satan ? Not to mention more inaccurate ones ! The only good movie about the end of time to my knowledge is Ingmar Bergman 's `` The Seventh Sign , '' which is not to be confused with `` The Seventh Seal , '' starring Dimi More . The flaws of EOD are countless so I wo n't even go into it much . Just to skim the surface though , where was Jesus during all of this ? Where were the seven signs of the coming of Christ -LRB- not Satan -RRB- ? Why did Satan not look like an angel before he took human form ? The Bible gives specific descriptions of angels , and Lucifer was , in fact , an angel before man came along . Where did he get the power to take human form ? Good grief , I could go on . Let 's just say it 's obvious the writers were n't Biblical scholars . On top of this , we get Arnold walking around like a god again . He gets shot at three times by a priest bum with a gun less than three inches from his face . How did he miss ? Our hero walks up to two police officers pointing guns at him and manages to kill both of them with his concealed weapons ? What 's funny is that they had already shot to kill him ten seconds earlier . Why did n't they just shoot him ? If you ca n't tell , inaccurate movies really annoy me . They were okay in the '80s , but the movie industry has matured since then -LRB- well ... sort of -RRB- . Anyway , I gave the movie an extra star because Arnold does a good job in a rare role for him . You can actually see emotion in his character . Also , his moral dilemma was well portrayed when he is tempted by the devil . However , it is held back by wild inaccuracies , a poor script -LRB- they stole famous lines from other movies for goodness sake -RRB- , really bad editing , lame action sequences , and the list goes on and on . Avoid this movie at all cost . I could n't even sit still to find out how it ends . I was so put out that I did n't care to find out .
 This film is much too dark and serious for its own good . Nobody is happy , nobody smiles , and just about everybody dies with gratuitous gruesomeness . The only one who seems to have any fun at all is Satan!The effects , video and audio are no less than you would expect from a big budget thriller , but do n't even bother trying to think about the storyline . The DVD itself is impeccably presented , with plenty of goodies.But Arnie , Arnie ... what were you thinking ? What -- no one liners , no humour , and you actually buy it at the end ? What happened to your superhero powers ? Sorry , but this is not how I like my Arnie movies . Mindless I do n't mind -LRB- so to speak -RRB- ... but a FUNLESS Arnie movie ? No thanks .
 Let me start by saying I am a huge fan of Arnie and own most of his movies . Okay , Arnold is not the greatest actor to ever grace the screen , but he usually makes great , suspend-disbelief-and-they-are-entertaining movies . Gabriel Byrne is a great actor and usually appears in good movies . Kevin Pollack plays a side-kick as well as anyone and is good comic relief . Between the three of them , you would have hoped that one of them would have read this script and said , `` Oh My God , this story is REALLY BAD ! `` The plot of this movie is predictable and so full of logical holes that it makes one wonder if anyone actually wrote it or if they just started filming a bunch of `` cool '' action and occult scenes and thought putting it all together would make a good movie . The Devil is alternately brilliant and stupid . Arnold somehow manages to outsmart the Prince of Darkness and the New York Police Department , despite being an alcoholic burn-out . And , after watching this movie I am still confused as to who Arnold and Kevin actually work for . As for the number of the beast being 999 instead of 666 and that being why Satan has to mate in 1999 , I am still confused as to what happened in the year 999 . Would n't that have been the end of the thousand years they kept babling about in this movie ? Did the Devil run into an ancient version of Arnold and get his butt kicked then , too ? And if so , why did n't he learn?In addition to the cast already mentioned , this movie also has other good actors who should have known better . Robin Tunney -LRB- great in `` The Craft '' -RRB- , Rod Stieger -LRB- `` On the Waterfront '' -RRB- , Anthony Fultz -LRB- `` For Love of the Game '' -RRB- and CCH Pounder -LRB- `` Face Off '' -RRB- are all wasted in this suprisingly bad movie.Don ' t get me wrong . I can suspend disbelief with the best of them , and I know movies are supposed to be entertainment and not reality . But , at some level , the movie must make sense and fill in the blanks . This movie seems to be just a vehicle for Arnold to kick Satan 's ass . That is not a good enough reason to see this film.If you are a true Arnie fan , you will see this anyway , despite the flaws -LRB- I did -RRB- . But , it is not up to his usual quality , and is best rented first , before bought . Caveat emptor .
 He has battled nuclear terrorists on Earth and power mad conspirators on Mars . He has taken on alien predators in the darkest reaches of the jungle and morphing cyberkillers that seemingly nothing can stop . So , after all those fights , what 's left for Arnold Schwarzenegger ? How about Satan ? Now that all of the universe 's lesser evils have been dispatched with lots of powerful explosions and a few grunts of dialogue , it 's time for Arnold to move on to Mephistopheles , who , as luck would have it , is taking a few days off in New York City -LRB- so he can get laid -RRB- . End of Days is the latest Armageddon story to steal a few of its themes from the Biblical Book of Revelation . It also represents one of the flurry of millennium-ending movies popping up in theaters all across the world . The previews make End of Days seem a little on the dumb side . In that , they are misleading - the movie is n't a little dumb , in fact it 's a lot dumb . This is easily the dopiest apocalypse script to make it to the screen in a long time , but this time , Schwarzenegger is attempting to play a character with a little more background and depth than the comic book action heroes he usually portrays . And , although the former bodybuilder has more personality than Steven Seagal , Jean Claude Van Damme , and Christopher Lambert rolled together , he 's still not an impressive thespian , and he clearly lacks the range necessary to make his End of Days character into a believable , tragic figure . He gives it the old college try , though , and at least manages to look the part - unshaven , unwashed , and unkempt.Jericho Cane -LRB- now there 's a Biblical name -RRB- is a former NYPD cop turned Striker Security guard . He left the police force after his wife and daughter were brutally murdered , and now he endures things one day at a time , taking life-threatening risks with the vague hope that some accident will allow him to join his family . Then , on December 28 , 1999 , an event happens to alter Jericho 's destiny
 End of Days is one of those action thrillers that one day will wind up on a wonderful list known as Bad Movies We All Love . But it takes a few years to achieve such cult status , and , so , I am left to deal with today . I do n't intentionally have it in for this type of picture , but the genre today has a lot in common with pop music , because they both have such specific target markets . In the case of action thrillers , it is fourteen to twenty-five year old males . There 's nothing at all wrong with having a particular audience in mind . The problem is that , by limiting the appeal , you tend to crystallize the subject matter . You fall into a pattern of rehashing the same material , because , as one group outgrows your genre , there 's a fresh one to take it 's place.I suppose that End of Days would have been more interesting ten years ago . That was when CGI and other digital effects were new and fresh to the eye . Today , it 's just another costly FX driven movie . Compare it to another Arnold Schwarzenegger picture , the much better Total Recall -LSB- 1991 -RSB- , and you 'll see what I mean . ... Then there are the special effects . They are spectacular , but predictable . Some are a bit weird . In several scenes , such as a restaurant 's blowing up , the street traffic just keeps moving . Even New Yorkers are not quite that jaded . In another , The Man falls twenty stories and lands on a SUV . Its alarm goes off , the vehicle is totaled , but no crowd gathers . The movie is especially prone to defying the laws of physics . There is a chase scene aboard a runaway subway train . Jericho manages to uncouple the car he and the girl are in . The rest of the train jumps the tracks and wrecks . Moments later , their car plows into the wreck . Do they jump out of the car ? No , they just run to the rear and grab hold of a support pole . Not only are they not hurt , they remain standing . Give us a break !
 This movie will find a core of obsessed fans who think it 's the greatest thing they 've ever seen , and will watch it eight hundred times a year . -LRB- Kind of like the original Star Trek . -RRB- Pretty soon we 'll have End of Days conventions with Schwarzenegger running around wearing Spock ears.It 's actually a kind of valid comparison . What do non-fans know about the original Star Trek series ? Bad plots -LRB- when there was a plot at all -RRB- , pretty cheesy script , a whole lot of special effects , some decent acting , and James T. Kirk going to bed with every alien who kinda halfway looked female in the universe . Aside from that last point -LRB- Gabriel Byrne only gets to bed two people , neither of whom is an alien ... but it 's a pretty remarkable scene anyway -RRB- , End of Days could well have been a Star Trek movie . The acting is better , the special effects are fantastic , and any chance to see Robin Tunney unclothed should be seized by the masses immediately . But man , ... the script seems as if it were written by a somnambulistic quaalude addict , the plot is ... absent , and the whole thing feels like a rush job designed to cash in both on Y2K and the current rash of religious-themed movies that teens are enjoying . Did you see Stigmata ? Did you see Strange Days ? If you can answer yes to both , you can skip this without a problem . The one truly awe-inspiring thing about this movie is its acting . Schwarzenegger is getting kind of old as the same guy over and over again , but Kevin Pollak is just fantastic , and Gabriel Byrne is ... well , Gabriel Byrne . Both had their share of snappy -LRB- probably ad-libbed , given how bad the rest of the script is -RRB- lines that kept the audience laughing.A word on the much-hyped soundtrack to the movie . It 's good -- at least it 's above average . But aside from one track , played VERY softly -LRB- the Rob Zombie tune , which is in evidence when Gabe is walking across what I assume is Central Park -RRB- , it does n't exist in the movie . The movie 's music is good , but it is n't what 's on the soundtrack . -LRB- Orchestral , standard , but fits what 's going on very well and never gets overbearing . -RRB- For Schwarzenegger/Byrne/Tunney / Pollak completists . Everyone else can skip it and catch Toy Story 2 .
 I attended this film with two of my best buddies , one of whom is a serious Schwarzenegger fan , so he stayed behind when the other and I walked out a little before the end . I 'm an Arnold fan , as well , but this movie was horribly written and poorly acted , and perhaps worst of all , it was viciously blasphemous . I am not Catholic , but I am a Christian , and I took offense to much of this film . For my friends ' sake , I endured it until the final scene , when a possessed Schwarzenegger looks up at a portrait of the agonal Christ on the cross , and says
 I was disappointed with the big man on this one . I really feel that ` Raw Deal ' will hold up better to repeated viewings than this mess . I guess that this belly flop of a movie can only guarantee that Ahhhnold 's next movie will be better . . T-3 , anyone ?
 The DVD arrived used . There is damage to the case and cover ; the original seal is gone and the inside artwork is missing . I 'm very disappointed and will return the DVD for a refund .
 At least some of our greatest pornographic films have a more interesting storyline than this boring attempt at a religious action thriller.Arnold Schwarzenegger will always have his name be synonymous with cheesy over the top action adventures . Some of them are absolutely perfect , such as Predator , Total Recall and those other ones where he 's a robot but nobody seems to be able to remember . This is another action film in his hefty catalogue of shooty shooty action films , yet attempts to be a bit different from the rest by bringing Satan into the picture . Satan being about the only good part of this entire film makes me feel a bit blasphemous making that statement.The story focuses around the millenium and Christine York from New York , get it ? They do that joke in the movie too so do n't take my lame joke as something original . The biggest part in history is about to break but Satan is ready to crash that party , but one thing stands in his way , Arny and his bulging masculinity . It turns out that satan is n't just turning up to be the venerable party pooper , he 's looking for a wife and a bearer for his son to continue to the family line which will trigger the end of days . To do that he has to kill a lot of people who get in his way and torture the girl with visions before he comes face to face with her -LRB- God just sent angels -RRB- . Throughout the film we are forced to suffer some ridiculous word play and religious stories that some turn out to simply not be true . These are used to scare the viewer that a possible end of days may happen in reality , but it 's not going to happen in the ways of Satan wanting some sex . Arnold is his usual self in regards to being all bang bang shoot 'em up , no caring attitude . He even has a go at beating satan with his fists . Priests play the usual righteous part about how faith in god will get us through , and we have to fight satan ourselves while god sits and watches the TV.Possibly the only redeemable feature of the entire film is Gabriel Byrne as Satan . If ever you could cast a person as satan and you did n't have the money to get Al Pacino , Gabriel Byrne is the man to get for the role . He put across the pure evil image perfectly and at one point even had me soiling my pants . Other than that messy episode , this is a film chocked full of terrible clich&eacute;s ridiculous cat and mouse chases and a pointless fight between a mortal and the most evil creation known to modern day religion.I would n't really recommend this to anyone , but if I had to I would probably recomment this to my enemies as I hate those guys .
 I think Last Action Hero was bettter and that ai n't saying much .
 Arnold you really blew it here , sorry . Plot was really bad . What arrogant pressumption that a cop with little faith can battle evil personified , who by the way , was bound by the need to get hitched by the year 2000 ? What total nonsense . Last Action Hero was even better than this movie . If you want nice Arnold movies , check out T2 , True Lies , Conan , Batman3 , those are the best I think .
 I rented the DVD version of this film with the thought that this would be a bad movie and realizing that I would not agree with any message that the filmaker was trying to say about God and Satan and how the `` End of Days '' will really happen . With that in mind , I can say that the movie was still pretty cheesy . I understand that with Arnie films , you need to suspend some logic but this really went over the top . I will also agree with another reviewer in that this film is not for children -LRB- or teens -RRB- since there are some disturbing imagery . I will say though , that my 5.1 speaker system got a great workout . And the effects were pretty good .
 While I did enjoyed the beginning of this , it soon got to the point that it was far to easy to guess everything about to happen , and I was fighting to stay awake watching it.Very sad also when the devil with all his powers , which he shows in the film , cant beat a drunk who wants to kill himself.One of the worst by Arnold .
 This was initially planned by the first screenwriter as a tongue-in-cheek Prize Fight
 For the love of God , for once can someone make a movie about Heaven and Hell that true to the judeo-christian beliefs they come from?It is not the point of this review to argue whether or not God and Satan exist , but the fact is this movie asks that you believe they do for the purposes of this story . Only , the fictitious existence of God and Satan in this story is completely imaginary . Just like every secular story about Heaven and Hell , it 's completely off base from the beliefs they come from . This movie is about the End of Days fortold in the book of Revelations , but unlike what at least one other reviewer would have you believe , the events in this movie are nothing like what 's told in that book . If you 're gon na tell a story based on the Bible , at least read it so you get it right . This movie gets it so wrong , it 's laughable.But it 's not the Biblical inaccuracies that make this movie so bad , the story is just proposterous . Seriously , this movie is nothing more than Arnold vs. Satan . That 's what it should have been called . This movie actually pits Arnold vs. Satan one on one and asks that you suspend your belief enough to see the plausability . Give me a break ! People gave this movie five stars ?!?!? The closest Arnold 's ever come to a five star movie would be in one of James Cameron 's films . This film 's not even close.Honestly , this film is one of the lamest ways people cashed in on the whole Y2K panic , and even in that setting it was an awful film . Now ? I ca n't even put into words ...
 What 's the point of making yet another `` Satan 's child '' movie , painstakingly weaving a travesty , shot by shot , scene byscene , from the multitude of other just as faceless and ephemeral films ? Whatever it is , it is not an artistic one . And Iwas n't expecting much , just a good action flick with some originality and humor . But they could n't accomplish eventhat . Ah , as a guy once said , what 's the use ... Memorable moment
 Robin Tunney has great legs , wow has she grown up . That 's about all this horribly contrived movie is worth .
 I would n't give this any stars.This film is offensive , indecent , and harmful , and shows a disgraceful lack of knowledge and understanding.Anyone who has any respect for God or for goodness should avoid watching this film . The explicit scene where Satan is having sex with a man 's wife and daughter at the same time , whom he has possessed to lie with him , is just one example of what you should n't allow yourself to suffer seeing .
 Take Arnold Schwarzenegger , mix with a plot involving a showdown with Satan , add some campy acting and bad lapses in logic , and you 'll get End of Days , a movie that begs to be better than what it is , and could and should have succeeded where other movies like this fail . Schwarzenegger plays a burned out bodyguard who has lost his faith in Gid and mourning the deaths of his wife and child , and then finds himself protecting a young woman -LRB- Robin Tunney -RRB- from Satan -LRB- Gabriel Byrne -RRB- . What results is your typical , predictable cat & mouse movie with the odds pinned up so much against Arnie & crew , but naturally he finds a way to win , even if its against the devil . The plot is just so conventional , you can even tell whats going to happen before it happens . There are some good qualities though , the ending was different , making the film not as horrible as it could have been , and the cast ; including Kevin Pollak , Cch Pounder , and Rod Steiger ; is a nice touch . All in all , End of Days was a big disappointment for me , and unless your a die hard Schwarzenegger fan , you probably wo n't dig it .
 First of all , I had assumed the movie I was seeing was the film rendition of Dennis Daver 's fine novel of the same name . Alas , it was a hokey , rambling , unrealistic journey about prophecies and the Catholic Church and a lot of mumbo jumbo psychobabble.Arnold was ... well , Arnold . He can occasionally shine -LRB- `` True Lies '' -RRB- but usually one gets a stilted , linguistically challenged portrayal of the same type character . In this he falls somewhere in between ... as does the movie . You know from the first five minutes how it will end and while it is easily as good as most of the other tripe that passes for cinema these days , it is typical fare . Best time to see - when snowed in with nothing to do all day .
 Absolutely terrible film . Hyams is normally a great director , but he should have seen the stink of this ugly film a mile away . Schwarzenegger 's efforts to act border on the comical , and the rest of the cast has nothing to do but stand around and either die or make deals with Satan . I hope no one 's soul is in jeopardy after this junk .
 There are some holes in logic that I 'm willing to accept in some movies . But when it 's a major part of the script I just ca n't take it . Arnold himself pretty much sums up this turkey with the most memorable line in the movie . When told that the Devil must mate with a woman between 11:00 pm and midnight Arnold sneers and says `` Is that Eastern Time ? `` You got it , Arnie . 2 stars for him only .
 GNR is the only reason this movie is good beacuse they 're on the sound track / .
 Okay , Last Action Hero was worse . But this isnt much better . I dont think that Arnold 's acting was all that bad , just the movie . Hollywood just doesnt get it . First of all this movie -LRB- in the plot -RRB- establishes the reality of Satan . He 's real -LRB- in the movie -RRB- . So if Satan is real then God must be as well , right ? But wait a minute ! WE created God so he really doesnt exist , thats why he 's not in the movie - just a bunch of eccentric followers of his that are foolish enough to believe that he does indeed exist . So the devil is real but God isnt , and when he -LRB- devil -RRB- shows up then its up to man to stop him cause God -LRB- who does n't exist anyway cause he doesnt show up in the film -RRB- isnt really real . But the devil is so ... cough , vomit , drool ... ugggh . This is old news . Holywood hates Christians ... period . To them we are a bunch of racist , self serving , homophobic maggots who are responsible for all the evils in society due to our intolerence of drugs , adultry , homosexuality and such . But our archenemy is such great plot material that they just cant resist can they ? Well , you cant have one without the other . Here 's some advice-why not try something original ?
 For many years what seperated Arnold from Sly was the script choices . There was a strech were Arnold was in some awesome and orginal flicks . However End of Days is not one of them.The DVD contains a directors commentary . Why ? So the director can talk about the bad story and acting ? The film does have cool special effects but other than that its just plain old dumb.If you can rent this for $ 1.00 or less its not a bad deal . But I do not recommend full price renting or buying of this DVD . This film could have been potentially very good , the idea is neat but it fails on all levels.Arnold is great . I love almost all his films . This was not the comeback vehicle for him . You are better off waiting for T2 on DVD or watching Predetor or Total Recall.This movie was a waste of Arnold 's talent and my time .
 Like so many apocalyptic movies spawned by the demonseed * Omen * in the early seventies , the plot of this poorly written film is discernable once those ubiquitous `` occult '' symbols appear in the opening sequence . The movie begins promising enough -LRB- and I can not fail to mention that the opening menu sequence on the DVD is quite impressive -RRB- , but quickly delves into tried territory once we are introduced to an alcoholic Jerico -LRB- Arnold has difficulty playing a suicidal drunk -- you do n't get buff on booze , that 's for sure -RRB- with a gun to his head . Having established the character of the lead in what seems like three mintues , action is introduced in a very `` incidental '' way -LRB- helicopter chase -RRB- -- as if to force the movie into the `` action genre . '' Even with the brain turned off to enjoy the `` fun , '' bad acting and predictable scenarios -LRB- of course Satan 's chosen bride is weak , young , and needing -RRB- makes this action movie fan sleepy . Essentially , the film attempts to appeal to our own sense of `` evil '' as it is related to various insignia and iconography by simply stringing these items together with little narrative depth -LRB- e.g. , we 're shown shots of Satanic symbols scrawled on walls , tongue-less priests ramble on in mumbo-jumbo before crucified on ceilings , etc. -RRB- . THe problem is that we 're so saturated and familiar with this sort of stuff these days that the ominous connotations do n't seem to work as well any more -LRB- witness Polanski 's * Ninth Gate * -- the film suffers similarly -RRB- . Because this film does n't develop any sense suspense or attempt to deepen the apocalyptic narrative , it looks like a collection of urban explosions with a weak `` occult '' narrative layered on top . Hence , this movie is pretty bad by most standards . Even action movies lead you up -LRB- tease you -RRB- to the explosions . I like things-blowing-up , but I also like there to be reasons . If you are content with things-blowing-up just because it 's cool , you may like this . If you demand a bit more plot/story ... do n't buy this . Rent it .
 I saw this ... thing in a theater long ago , an ugly day which I have tried to blot from my memory . I did n't expect great filmmaking , it does have Scharzenegger , but I convinced a friend that it might be worth the time and money , if only for entertainment.Words can not express the loathing I feel for this monstrosity . If censorship were a live option , I would advocate it simply to get the thing off the market . It is useless to attempt to describe its bad features , since that would imply that there are good features distinguishable from the bad . Let it suffice to say this
 This movie has great special effects , lots of gratuitous sex and violence but the plot is predictable . Good acting and great special effects can not rescue this script . The most important part of any movie is the story . Hollywood producers seem to have forgotten this .
 this movie is simply awfull , mediocre acting , star power and good special effects can not save this movie , one of the worst schwarzenegger films since hercules and last action hero and the one where he was preggo . on my list of worst and most dissapointing movies of all time , despite the director having enough good taste to put rob zombies music in his movie , which also isnt in the film as much as it is in the video included in the dvd , i for one am getting really tired of movies with special musical releases of good or semi cra . . music which never even appears in the movie unless it is a 5 min segment of the credits . dont buy it , this movie is a insult to fans of schwarzenegger and movies intelligence , unless your 5 years old . skip it put in T2 instead and watch it for the 100th time youll thank me .
 It must really be the end of the world . The worst film of last millenium .
 Total disappointment . Not worth remembering except that I could have seen a better movie in those 2 hours . Gabriel Byrne impressed again , and there were some hot chix , that ca n't cover for a terrible movie . Plot holes galore , and it seems like they cobbled together the story from every other apocalyptic film ever made . All that you are left saying is , `` Why Arnie ? Why ? '' .
 One reviewer said `` Typical Hollywood Action Crap '' and he/she is exactually right . The ONLY thing this movie had going for it is Arnold Schwarzenegger but even he ca n't save a piece of garbage like this . I got this movie a long time ago , but I never had time to watch it because I was too busy but I was always looking foward to seeing it . When I finally watched it I felt stupid for wasting my time watching this . I tried my hardest to give this movie a chance will I was watching it but I just couldnt get into it , everything just sucked . Even Arnold 's acting and action scenes were sub-par compared to his other movies . On top of that the ending was just awful and corny . While on some movies I ca n't say enough good things about , I ca n't say enough bad things about this one . Acting - terrible , characters - terrible , storyline - terrible etc etc. . I can go on and on but now I will just give this film a 2 . One star because of Arnold Schwarzenegger . The other star is because I have to give at least one star . Do NOT waste your money on buying this one , I guess if you ignore my warning and still want to see it , Please just pay 5 bucks and rent it . DO NOT BUY IT .
 End of Days - I just bought this movie on DVD and I feel so ripped off - the movie has some of the worst acting I 've ever seen -LRB- Arnie is ok -RRB- - the girl in it is awful , Arnie 's friend in the show is awful . Gabriel Byrne is n't convincing as Satan and corny lines are just out of place - the subwoofer works well on numerous occasions and visually it 's ok , but the plot is bad , the script is worse and the acting is ridiculous - reminds me of cheesy low budget acting.save your money , please .
 This movie is totally ridiculous . A burned-out cop -LRB- Arnold -RRB- with little or no faith stopping the devil who seems to have a Y2K plus a girl problem ? hollywood movies like this is another perfect example of twisting biblical text to wow an unwary audience . A totally disappointing experience . Mediocre acting combined with a pseudo-religious plot equals another movie flop.Watch Last Action Hero instead ... that was a far better movie than this .
 I 'm revewing the HD DVD version of this movie . My rating is based on the movie itself.THE MOVIE : First let me start by saying that I love Arnold Schwarzenegger movies . If you have even some religious convictions , do n't watch this movie . It seems to glorify the devil too much . Although it seems a little similar to the movie `` Fallen '' with Danzel Wahington , Fallen has far more suspense and the events are unfolded gradually as you watch the movie . The End of Days reveils the story -LRB- and possibly the outcome -RRB- from the beginning , and becomes very predictable . Religious people who believe in God might find some lines very offensive . Why ? here 's a quote
 I mean they pulled like every shaw 's character actor there ever was in this movie . I think Ku feng was the only one I did n't see . And sadly the story is easy to follow , but I got absolutely nothing out of this film . Wait a sec , the final fight was like 8 minutes long , and Hwang Jang Lee gives a good leg display . But the hero of this movie just absolutely ruins it . His form is the worst I have ever seen . I had to laugh out loud a couple times , I just could n't help it . Hwang will pull out his eagle claw -LRB- same as devil claw from hell 's windstaff -RRB- , and then the kis with his eagle 's fist is just way too sorry to look at . But then when he fights he is just so slow , I honestly ca n't recommend this movie to ANYBODY . I have a list of good kung fu movies . And Tai seng releases like `` my 12 Kung Fu Kicks '' , `` Inheritor of Kung Fu '' , and now `` the Eagle 's Killer '' freaking suck . If you are only looking for these cheap tai seng movie then check out `` the victim '' or `` Ninja Checkmate '' . The story really is n't worth going over . It starts out just like drunken master and it probably would have been better if tehy tried to make the exact same movie . With all these great character actors , I figure this movie was wrapped up by the second day of shooting.Same old tai seng trailers , but you will kind of like them if it is your first time watching the tai seng 's `` martial arts theater '' releases . Full screened as always and very watchable picture . But to further elaborate on the badness of this -- I just watched `` bolo the brute '' the movie that bolo yeung -LRB- yang sze -RRB- diercted and starred in , and that piece kung fu kicked this movie up and down . If Hwang was n't in it , there would n't have been a movie at all .
 I would not recommend this video to anyone . Unless you want to watch a bunch of spoiled rich kids travel around the world . Mediocre riding skills , terrible video quality and crappy cinematography . I was very disappointed .
 Too many matches that we had no reason to care about . And I love Reggie White , but his match was pretty bad . The only decent match was the main event because of Flair 's return , but there is so much better . Do n't waste your time with this show .
 Stupid , dum , cheesy , boring.Plese dont buy this video.If you do you will see what I mean .
 To say this movie sucked is to make a new lower standard for the word suck.This was an hour and a half of my life that I 'll never get back.This movie made me want to buy a gun and rent a bullet.I had more fun on movie night in the state pen.Not only do I not recommend this movie I would recommend never seeing any movie starring these people again .
 Everyone knows the storyline what I want to know is where is the person you see yourself as in this movie . There is not one character that has any relationship to well constructed in this show . I figure anyone rating this above a three is either a teen that has n't discovered playboy yet or a mental slogger that does n't realize the difference between intelligent & manipulative.Most people that I talk to that think they 're slick , like Catherine Trammel , I point out they have n't invested 3 seconds of their life to develop that , they then get confused . I 've found no one that wants to be shooter . Gee imagine that . The characters throughout this story are so lame you 've got no one to connect with . In this movie you can only be for evil & it is lame evil in the scheme of this world.Now lets try on Sharon Stone ' upskirt shot . There is n't a 12 year old that has n't stumbled on a better beaver shot than this . For all the hype it 's given it 's pathetic & puh-lease give me a break on the `` I just did n't know that the camera would show -LRB- it -RRB- on screen . I 'm sure . Sure I 'm sure . Put your pants on & turn on a brain older than 15 please . I do apologize to all mature 15 year olds for that . My goodness do n't you people have relations with the opposite or same sex at any time ? It has a good cast that showed no sense by being involved in this farce . This is n't a crime film it 's a slime film .2 Stars only . Should 've been 1 .
 ... but I gave this movie a fair try . It came w / my DVD player as some sort of promotional thing . I had seen the movie years ago and did n't remember it that well . . I was rather indifferent about it at the time.But a few years pass and I think that I have a definite opinion ... nay , an equation -LRB- for all of you math folks -RRB- : Basic Instinct = Fatal Attraction = Disclosure.As undersexed people around the world cheer the `` sheer brilliance '' of this film , I must say it 's predictable , typical Hollywood garbage . What 's the difference between `` soft porn '' and `` erotic thriller '' ? 2 names
 I 'm sorry , but this is just a ridiculous movie.To me , the writing is stilted and feels false , for lack of a better word . The acted is consistently overdone and the direction is so calculated and false -LRB- again -RRB- that , to my mind , this movie is simply a waste of time . As a study of supposedly `` kinky '' sex , again , just dumb ; it feels to me to be so obviously done to titilate the mainstream.So many movies have been done so much better on so many levels than this thing . Just pathetic to see attention given to junk like this.As a comparison , I happened to see The Godfather just prior to this and the feel of the two movies in comparison was so striking that this utterly paled . Granted , few films stand a chance when put against The Godfather , but this was so abrupt I was astounded at the utter badness of Basic Instinct.Again , to me this is pure junk .
 With all the buzz surrounding the release of Basic Instinct 2 -LRB- `` Will Sharon Stone look as good nude at 48 as she did at 34 ? '' -RRB- , I got a hold of this Director 's Cut and decided to see the original . I 'd never seen it in ' 92 , turned off by all the hype surrounding Stone 's `` leg crossing '' scene . I should have stuck to my original instincts.Yes , there is suspense in this movie
 * BASIC INSTINCT
 The fact that the selling point for this movie is Stone 's sex scenes , says it all . Good thing she is attractive , because she ca n't act . Then again , who could act with a script this predictable and at times hysterical . Dialogue is so bad here you wo n't believe it . And Micahel Douglas phones in his usual angry-white-guy preformance - really he has to be one of the most limited actors out there.Anyways , this movie is a dog and watch some Ginger Lynn lingere videos if you want to see some steamy scenes . Stay away , far far away .
 In the city I live in , such a noisy fuss was made about it that many people including myself went to see what caused such excitement . Indeed the fuss-makers should pay me what I paid for the ticket , as the story is no different from any ordinary paperback . Amazing to see some guys writing comments in this column admire Sharon Stone as if they have never seen a naked woman on screen before . Garbage movie , and the ones that think this one deserves to get five stars are completely unaware of the meaning of '' entertainment '' . IT DOES NOT DESERVE A STAR AT ALL - I COULD GIVE IT A MINUS .
 Poor Kirk Douglas ! His son Michael f# # up any movie he plays in ... And Sharon Stone is said to have the highest I.Q. in Hollywood . That is NOT proven at all by being in this lousy movie.May I remind you that Hollywood does not exist only since the 90s but back to the 40s 50s and 60s there are hundreds of MASTERPIECES you have n't even heard of - watch them and get smart instead of losing your time with violent artless movies
 This movie reminds me of something that happened to me when I was 10 years old -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . My stepmother -LRB- at the time -RRB- said that we -LRB- me , my Dad , her , and my two stepbrothers -RRB- HAD to go see this movie that was coming out , and we HAVE to see it the VERY FIRST weekend that it comes out . Well , we waited for over an hour -LRB- in line -RRB- to get the tickets . As it turned out , it was so crowded in the theater that we could n't even sit all together . I sat by myself , while my Dad sat with one of my stepbrothers and my stepmother sat with the other . Well , all the hype about the movie turned out to be just that
 Basic Instinct is markedly not one of cinema 's finest moments . Basically , yes , as said , it is soft porn . The softest of kinds which does not even really qualify as softcore and should be relented to the wee hours of the morning on skinemax . However , do n't necessarily take my word for it . There seems , however inexplicably , to be a real taste among the buying public for this stuff . I just think Stone would 've done better as an extra in Caligula.Anyhoo , porno aside , HAS ANYONE NOTICED THAT THIS DVD COMES COMPLETE WITH A METAL ICE-PICK !? ... DOES THIS STRIKE ANYONE AS A BAD IDEA ??? Do n't get me wrong . I believe ONE DAY people will be innately good , but holy dancing -LSB- doo-doo -RSB- . I just do n't think the Stone fans should be entrusted with something like this . SHEESH !
 After waiting for over two weeks , I was finally notified that the company no longer carried this item . I seem to be having bad luck receiving things lately , so I 've not bothered re-ordering with any other ` carriers . ` What 's going on lately ? I 'm still waiting for another order that I 'm told was mailed on March 19 . Worse , THEY billed me , and wanted payment.This is not a good way to conduct business , with this kind of economy . Most people are watching where they spend their money .
 `` Basic Instinct '' is worth a few words as being possibly the worst popular movie ever made and marketed in the good ole U.S. of A. -LRB- it 's significantly worse than `` Pretty Woman '' -RRB- . Why?There is n't one , microparticular hint of human kindness anywhere in this production - and that 's the definition of porn , which provides , at best , the cheap thrill of refined sugar . One hopes for an accidental , peripheral detail of someone waving to a friend , a dog tentatively wagging its tail once or twice ; the shadow of a smile on someone 's face in a bus window - but no . It 's our duty as consumers to be unhappy
 I started ordering DVD 's through Amazon only in the past year or so and have been satisfied with the 20 some movies I 've ordered except for this one . The DVD I ordered from this outfit is far from DVD quality . No scratches or skips but blur . This product is not grainy or have any problems with pixels but it is completely blurry the whole way through . Very dissapointed .
 Bad , bad movie , with a goofy script and poor performances . Tries to be risque and fails . The sex scenes are n't really that big of a deal . Essentially a waste of time .
 Let me get this straight . Sharon Stone became a major name in Hollywood because she flashed her privates in this film . And I thought that porn stars had been doing that for decades before this film was made . So , the difference is ? ... Oh , I get it . It 's a LEGITIMATE film . Ah , now I understand .
 Walked into this movie clueless on opening night . Had heard that gay `` activists '' had made violent threats to correct the movie 's depiction of gays as violent . I admired two other movies by same director , `` Spetters '' and `` The Fourth Man '' . Movie opened with a spellbinding French-blinds shot that augured great things . Lush , overripe score hinted at mystery , sensuality , danger . When the action began , it was jarring and intense . Then ... dialogue and performances.From this point on , zero intelligence or honesty . In place of characterization were cliches , plot contrivances and cheap shock effects . In place of believable interactions , leering innuendo . Scene by scene , line by line , it seemed to have been penned by a fat , outcast 12 year-old , or at best by someone for whom English was a second -LRB- or third -RRB- language.Guys , catch up
 Everything in this movie is testless.It 'd better rent porn vdo than watching it .
 This movie did more to bring back the stereotype of the `` evil sexual woman '' than any movie in the 20th century . Honestly , I thought that kind of narrow-mindedness went out with puritanism . This movie is even worse -- sexual women are evil AND violent . When was the last time you saw a male character where his badness or goodness had anything to do with his sexuality ? The message here , clearly , is that women are not to be trusted with power . Hollywood ought to give up the pretense that it has any liberal values at all .
 This is n't an intelligent film , even for American standards . The police are so dumb they could n't find a giraffe in a field of wildebeasts . Even the US army would be able to find the killer in this movie.Having said that , this movie did make me quite hot . I walked down to the well and jumped in.Here in Africa most people do n't wear clothes anyway so nudity alone is n't enough to satisfy me .
 Viewed
 The crotch shot is the only bit of this heavy-handed erotic thriller that has remained in the popular imagination , and rightfully so . Sharon Stone 's sexiness falls far short of the level of enthrallment Douglas accords it , and the bisexual psychologist is the only real sexy character -LRB- including , I 'd say , Douglas -RRB- . The action scenes are about average , and the plot becomes more convoluted than is justified by the payoff . Just because this raised the level of production values for erotic thrillers more commonly found on late-night Cinemax does n't mean that it 's truly escaped its tawdry roots .
 This movie was extremely overrated . Sharon Stone and Michael Douglas were neither one convincing in their roles . The star of the show , I feel , was Jeanne Tripplehorn . She was the only believable character and her brilliance was what saved the film . The film 's only other redeeming quality was the casting of the guy who played Newman on Seinfeld .
 Sharon Stone displays the extent of her , er , talent in the famous interrogation scene , but this movie is pretty stale the second time you see it . It 's hard to remember what all the fuss was about .
 Why release this on DVD without the extra footage ???? I would rate this as a pointless purchase until the director 's cut come out on DVD ... if it ever does .
 Basically , I think this movie is fairly offensive . I do n't mean the sex . Good grief . At this point who cares ? We 've had actors grunting and groaning since the 70 's . I think we 're used to it.What 's shocking is n't the nudity or gymnastic sex -LRB- `` I think she stuck that one , Brad '' -RRB- . What 's shocking is the lack of any humanity . I mean its so mean spirited . Let me give you an example . I recently saw and reviewed `` Unfaithful . '' Those people had feelings . They were confused . But there was love , sometimes impeded love , love with obstacles in the way . Sometimes misdirected love . But the folks , kids , husbands , wives all had some heart . I mean they cooked dinner for eachother.Here , Douglas and Stone were ... heartless . The picture was regarded as a powerful statement of the 90 's . What powerful statement ? That some women do n't wear -LSB- ... -RSB- ? How did we get along without this information ? Or did we know it and it really did n't mean that much?To quote the bard , ` much ado about nothing . ' It 's kind of like the 'em perors clothes . ' A whole bunch of people say ` This is a really great movie . '' Who 's saying that ? It 's -LSB- ... -RSB- that got by without the X rating . Does that make it bad ? Not necessarily . Just call it what it is . What it 's not is art. 2 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 On first viewing it 's check out the architecture and guess the killer . On second viewing it 's check out the clothes and guess the killer . On the third viewing it 's the dawning realization that this is a revisionist feminist revenge chick flick -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- with few redeeming features made for the tackiest of Hollywood reasons - let 's give the suckers what they want - sex , ice picks wielded by braless women under forty , and lots of expensive clothes and fast cars . The greatest suspense comes from the awful overacting Mr Douglas who is trying to give up smoking - will he ? Wo n't he ? Ms Stone iks embarrassingly bad . It is redeemed somewhat by Mr Dzundza and the elegant Ms Tripplehorn . And yes , I am a slow learner as this film made squillionsof dollars and I thought thousands of paying customers could not be wrong so I looked at it three times . And yes I am a sucker .
 BASIC INSTINCT is easily the most over-rated film of the 90 's . I did n't like it in 1992 , and watching the full uncut DVD version in 2004 I still feel the same.BASIC INSTINCT tries to be a Hitchcock type film in many ways . Firstly , it has an annoying ` suspense ' music score that plays throughout the film even when a scene does n't warrant it . Next , the film reveals the killer but attempts to leaves you wondering if he/she is the real killer . The problem with BASIC INSTINCT is that it is so obvious that Sharon Stone is the killer . Not that we really care , afterall the storyline is so sleazy , that you feel no empathy for any of the characters.The film relied on lots of erotic images to sell the film , and there is a reason for that . The Director must have realised from the begining that it was very ordinary storyline , and needed something to make it appealing . Problem solved
 no review would would not play in blu - ray player . Helena mt
 I had heard that this movie was exellent so when i had a chance to see it , i did!And i was surprised to find out how much was exposed , i had heard that Sharon Stone was not ashamed of her body , obviously not ! She showed more than i would of liked to have seen.It seems all the movie is about is sex rather than a murder , after the movie is over you will say , `` murder?what murder?this movie was supposed to be about a murder mystery ! `` Sharon Stone did a fantastic job , when she was actually talking instead of climbing all over Michel Douglas !
 In case you 've missed the plot summary , it goes likethis
 After FATAL ATTRACTION and BASIC INSTINCT , Michael Douglas has his part down cold . What is it about this guy that attracts obsessive , psychopathic women ? Moreover , how does he manage to fall for these women and make it so believable ? BASIC INSTINCT is a very sexually-charged thriller . The plot is relatively simple
 Picture quality is substandard . It 's certainly not worth the retail price ... Even freeze-framing and slow-mo-ing Sharon Stone 's infamous `` beaver '' scene gets old after a while .
 Let 's be honest about this picture . The only reason people watch it is to see Sharon Stone naked . EVERYTHING about the movie if terrible , but I would recommend the movie so people could marvel at the beauty of Sharon 's breasts and legs . She is truly mesmorizing .
 One of the many sex-can-kill-you thrillers of the 80s and 90s , this one is particularly lame and offensive . The ending alone should invalidate anything worthy that precedes it . Is she or is n't she ? When it becomes clear that even the screenwriter -LRB- Joe the Hutt -RRB- does n't know , and does n't care , and only wants to leave room for a sequel , the cynicism becomes palpable . The whole thing is an unintentional joke -LRB- sort of like Stone claiming she did n't know where the camera was positioned in the interrogation scene -RRB- . Everything backfires -- even Stone 's presumed sexuality is undermined by Tripplehorn 's vastly superior looks and talent.If you want to see a good sex-equals-death thriller , check out `` Sea of Love . '' Ellen Barkin makes Sharon Stone look like amateur night .
 Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone use sex as a weapon as Douglas 's character investigates the shocking murder of one of Stone 's lovers . More of an acquaintance she slept with than a lover , the aging rock star is repeatedly stabbed with an ice-pick , the same fate met by a fictitious rock star in a torrid novel Stone 's character had written . The book so baldly links Stone 's character to the murder that it 's less a clue than an alibi . -LRB- Who would be crazy enough to commit a horrible crime and essentially confess by selling a ficionalized version of the gory event at $ 5.99 a-pop to beachgoers and frequent fliers ? -RRB- Though Douglas , as `` Nicky '' , pursues the case with an eye towards collaring Stone 's Catherine Trammel , nobody else on his force will touch her - some are in awe of her as fans , or simply do n't want to try pinning the murder based on her book . It soon becomes clear that nobody really likes Nick - his partner , played by `` Law & Order '' alum George Dzunda , is one of his few friends on the force , but even he admits that he 's in the minority ; a former lover played by Jeanne Tripplehorn also has a rocky relationship to Nick - she 's also the PD psychiatrist , and Nicky 's given her enough material to write a book of her own . When Nick remains determined to get even closer to Trammel , we quickly learn that he has a history himself -LRB- Stone calls him `` Nicky '' like his ex-wife used to and , to really clue him in to his transparency , `` Shooter '' ; it seems that Nicky has a rep for jumping to conclusions with his police 9mm -RRB- , and Stone 's Catherine Tramell turns his demons against him . Nevertheless , Tramell needs Nick - he 's the perfect model for a character in one of her new books . They duel -LRB- mostly in bed -RRB- but the script tosses in some other players
 I doubt that Artisan even bothered to remaster this DVD release -- it looks like it was either 1 -RRB- taken directly from the Laserdisc master or -LRB- and most likely -RRB- 2 -RRB- taken from a general release print -LRB- not the original print -RRB- of the movie . What a shame -- Artisan usually produces some great DVD packages , but not this time . Save your ... money ... and wait until a better DVD transfer hits the shelves ...
 A perfect face , perfect body and a perfect crotch . The movie did keep me engaged although the dialog is mostly insipid . Reminded me a lot of commercial copy writing . I found that the movie meandered a lot - like TV serials - with a suspect , then a new villain and then again the old villain . Someone had said that the Director 's Cut made it clear what was going on . If you need the Director 's Cut to understand the plot , then the movie is a failure . Looking back , the only reason I 'd watch this movie again is for Sharon Stone 's perfect body . I 'd keep the sound muted the next time and have the remote handy for fast forwarding thru .
 This is n't an intelligent film , even for American standards . The police are so dumb they could n't find a giraffe in a field of wildebeasts . Even the US army would be able to find the killer in this movie.Having said that , this movie did make me quite hot . I walked down to the well and jumped in.Here in Africa most people do n't wear clothes anyway so nudity alone is n't enough to satisfy me .
 Basic Instinct is a very funny movie , though I suspect Eszterhas and Verhoeven may not have intended it to be . The dialog is silly , the plot ridiculous and the sex scenes a riot . Still , because this is one of the best bad movies ever made , I recommend you see it at least once ! I have not seen the director 's cut and may check it out just to see what I have been missing .
 Mr. Jamie Findlay is a very good acoustic guitarist , but this video lack basic teaching of finger picking that is needed for this video to be called an instructional video .
 Sandra Bullock once again proves that she can not handle a role with any depth . She is unconvincing as a tough detective . Her toughness just comes across as an actress reading a script . I suppose she got this role because she is listed as an executive producer , or something of that ilk .
 Sadly not even the presence of Sandra Bullock can save this picture about a tortured police detective solving a murder . Together with her partner , played by Ben Chaplin , they pursue two teenage murderers . In a movie such as this , where the murderers are revealed almost from the first scene , rounded characters and a clever plot are a must . Murder By Numbers has neither . The murderers are intelligent and bored high school students and their characters never really evolve past this reality . Bullock 's character is obsessed by past events and while affecting her character it does not seem to affect the plot . So why torture her if it serves no clear purpose?Murder By Numbers was a startling movie waiting to happen . Unfortunately between a disconnected plot and underdeveloped characters it never found its legs.This is a two star movie because I hope that some young genius writer/director will take a look at it , see its flaws , and then be able to bring to the screen what this movie should have been .
 After seeing Murder By Numbers , I was fairly disappointed and upset as well as displeased . The film was not all as good as I had anticipated . The film 's plot , fairly simple and straightfoward , the film 's intelligence
 Before the summer of 2002 , many thrillers were released promising thrills and chills . Such titles as `` Panic Room '' and `` Frailty '' talked the talk and walked the walk , but Barbet Schroeder 's `` Murder by Numbers '' will fail to scare you at all.Sandra Bullock and Ben Chaplin are local detectives trying to figure out a case in which a dead woman 's body shows up out of nowhere in the middle of the forest . `` Murder by Numbers '' - as quickly as it intrigues you - drops you off for a marathon . We learn that the murder has been done by two high school students ; Richard -LRB- Bryan Gosling -RRB- and Justin -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- . Richard is the rich , cool kid that seems to be the murderer while Justin is the goth punk who is the brains behind the murder ... or so we think . This is where Bullock and Chaplin comes in . Bullock plays Cassie Mayweather , called the `` Hyena '' -LRB- for her strong will and manly attitde -RRB- and Ben Chaplin plays the green Sam Kennedy , Mayweather 's latest partner in a string of partners . Apparently Mayweather goes through partners like water.As the movie progresses -LRB- slowly -RRB- we learn more and more about the dynamic child killer duo and more especially Mayweather -LRB- Bullock -RRB- . She is more of a manly character , as she seduces and then pulls away Kennedy -LRB- Chaplin -RRB- . `` Murder By Numbers '' then loses its pull by long , strained flashbacks and plans . Somewhere , Mayweather and Kennedy come in , and things start to develop . `` Murder By Numbers '' is nowhere near the caliber of thrillers of 2002 . While Bullock pulls her load , Chaplin blandly wavers through the film . The suprise performance is that of Gosling , who weasels and sweet-talks his way throughout the entire movie until he meets his fate . His counterpart , Pitt , looks like someone who wore too much gel on the set and constantly sweats - not a good thing . Schroeder , acclaimed international producer , does not perform well at all here behind the camera . His shots are simple and look more like something out of `` Law and Order '' . The editing job is poor as well . For example , in one shot , Justin walks in a hallway when it is light outside , and as he walks into his room , it is dark . `` Murder By Numbers '' is saved only by Bullock 's performance as she comes to bear on who she really is . The film itself is slow and lags through the majority of the feature .
 This movie is boring and pointless ! There is nothing scary , shocking or even thrilling in this movie ! Just a lot of wasted talent !
 This is just another murder movie , with the same all time killer/s and the same all time ending.Sandra really looks good in this one , but I must say , this is so much better than her last fil -LRB- Miss Congeniality -RRB- . She gives a memorable performance , as Michael Pitt and Ben Chaplin.The story it 's about a murder , a girl is found cross a little river in the middler of the woods.Cssie Mayweather is send to investigate the case , with her new partner Sam -LRB- Ben Chaplin -RRB- . The main suspects are two teen kids , called Justin and Richard.Justin , nerd and more than clever is played by Michael Pitt -LRB- Similar to Leonardo DiCaprio from Hedwig and the angry inch -RRB- . The other , Richard , is the pretty one , and the bad one -LRB- Played by Ryan Gosling -RRB- . But what Cassie does n't know it 's that the killers are more clever than she is , and they will do whatever it takes to avoid going to prision.Really I was hoping for something else , may be more clever , or enterteining.Or a better ending , than the usual happy one.Final grade
 I rented , I saw , I forgot in 10 minutes . This is all I can say.Boys are good actors -LRB- thus 2 stars -RRB- , mrs. Bullock is , sorry to say , not .
 Ah , for the good old days -- like back when I saw a movie called WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING . It was n't an especially excellent movie , but I was impressed by an actress then not previously too familiar to me , Sandra Bullock . She seemed like a sweet and disarming actress with a proverbial `` girl-next-door '' image . Wow , how things change . Her more recent films have increasingly turned into vanity projects of the like of TWO IF BY SEA , FORCES OF NATURE , 28 DAYS , MISS CONGENIALITY and now MURDER BY NUMBERS . This latter one is supposed to be a murder mystery , but that element really gets mostly smothered by the film 's being a heavy handed angst-trip for Bullock 's character . We 're supposed to cheer her on as a shrewd detective , despite some erratic behavior that includes what would be called serious heavy-handed sexual harrassment of her partner if the genders were reversed . In any event , she 's portrayed as the only one who knows what 's going on , stuck in a workplace full of stereotypical dumb males , all clueless to what 's happening right under their proverbial noses . Later she seems to show some compassion for one of the suspects , looking at him as possibly somewhat redeemable . This becomes the first genuinely human moment in the film that I could significantly buy into . But any hope of this being a plot turn that goes anywhere is ditched to still another twist . The final twist brings it back to being all about Bullock 's character and her angst-trip , with the resolution of that occupying the final scene as if all else in the movie were irrelevant .
 The movie starts interesting , but has too many mistakes and non logical sequences . In a nutshell this movie is about two boys who commit the perfect crime , but Sandra bullock who is the detective -LRB- And has a severe trauma do to an accident she had when young -RRB- and is in charge of this case decides from the beginning the two boys were guilty . I could not believe Sandra help produce this garbage . Bad movie , do not waste your money buying it .
 `` Murder by Numbers '' is based on the real life Leopold-Loeb case of the 1920 's and the 1948 Alfred Hitchcock movie `` Rope ' although it does n't credit either . The plot involves 2 upper class and intelligent students planning and executing the perfect murder on a random victim for the thrill and the challenge . In the real life case and the Hitchcock movie , the murderers are college students while in this movie , they are alledgedly high school students . The word alleged is used as it is obvious that Gosling and many of his classmates are in their 20 's and have n't seen a high school for a few years there.The best thing going for this movie is the lead performance from it 's star Sandra Bullock . She is good as the detective in pursuit of the twisted murderers but she has very little to work with here as far as the script , the cliched characters and the weak plot twists . She 's a good actress but not a magician and this would fall into her lesser movies and possibly her least .
 Murder by Numbers is a neat concept . What if people who know all about murders decide to commit a murder ? Pretty cool , huh?And what if they were high school students?Alright , that seems strange . It actually makes it creepier -- the high school students are definitely Columbine types , the kind who have somehow strayed so far from society -LRB- and yet right under our noses -RRB- that they are no longer capable of empathy . In the case of Murder by Numbers , the two main characters -- in a relationship with mildly homosexual undertones -- decide to prove they are truly free by intentionally committing murder.It sounds better in the movie than in print.The woman assigned to this case is Cassie Mayweather , played by Sandra Bullock . Let me state my bias up front
 The plot was predictable and given away very early . The main characters are not well-acted and are not people you can feel ANY sympathy for . It flip-flops from day to night scenes , bad guys to good guys . It became ponderous and boring to watch . I just wanted it to be over and gave alot of thought to fast-forwarding to the ending credits . This movie is n't worth the time it takes to load the DVD player !
 This is about the worst film I 've ever seen in the police procedural genre . The only reason I gave in 2 stars is because I never give a movie one star , no matter how terrible it is . I 'm a generous person . You know the plot . These two supposedly clever highschoolers have been reading to much German existentilism , Kierkegaard probably , and decide the want to be `` free '' , ironic given the ending . This is a sad attempt at replicating ROPE , Hitchcock 's classic film , where the kids are cleverly unveiled by Jimmy Stewart , with no histrionics . Sandra Bullock as a detective is awful ; her character is inconsistent , one minute hard as nails , the next minute tearing up and comforting one of he villians , who looks like that guy who had the male lead on that horribly overrated TITANIC , with character implausibilities and historical inaccuracies enough to sail an iceberg through . I wo n't give away the ending of course ; you know , of course that the FORMULA dictates that Ms. Bullock wo n't die . It would be nice to see an ending that breaks the formula where Bullock 's role dies , and the two kids end up in Brazil hatching up new plots . Stay with the oldies but goodies , where character moved the plot forward , not banal , inane behaviors . The only relative recent police procedual that I would give 5 stars to is SEA OF LOVE . Check it out . It is non-formulaic , great acting , and a surprise ending you should have seen coming , a VERY LOGICAL ONE but as in THE SIXTH SENSE you 'll never see it coming . I also caught on tv . the classic Bogiemovie , THE DESPERATE HOURS . If you wish to see how far has fallen the genre , watch this one ; you can get it from Amazon .
 The story seemed interesting , and I expected a much better film ; it just kept getting worse as the film continued.Bullock 's character was just too unbelievable ; the only possibly credible characters would be the two high school students.Reviewer J.D. wrote a good review , much of which reflects my own thoughts about this film
 Ponderous , but not particularly enlightening or entertaining , `` Murder by Numbers '' struggles as a thriller , despite the fact that it features just about every cliche one would expect in a cat-and-mouse cop movie . right down to the `` You 're getting in too deep '' speech by the boss . Sandra Bullock stars as Casey Mayweather , modern cinema 's cockeyed idea of a heroine . She is stoic , selfish -- though , of course , we 're to believe that 's really just because she 's emotionally vulnerable -- hard-drinking and sexually aggressive . In short , she behaves like the stereotype of a man until half way through the film when she gets to develop actual human feelings , and the only reason we should care about anything she does seems to be her looks . Bullock chooses to show these qualities mostly by talking deeper and slower than usual and not smiling unless she 's doing something mean-spirited or self-satisfying . Oh , and to be particularly gritty , she keeps her hair in a ponytail . The actual story seems to take about an hour too long to tell . Two creepy and smarmy but privileged high schoolers in California -LRB- once more shown by Hollywood as a racial undiverse state , desite reality -RRB- decide to kill a woman for the thrill and challenge . Mayweather chases them . It 's nothing you have n't seen before in one form or another , just not as good ; at the very least , Columbo dished out better versions of the same idea every week . Minor diversions in the story , such as Mayweather 's seducing her partner , generally make her character seem like a pig rather than a rebel , and the fact that she survived an abusive relationship that apparently motivates her interest in the case only seems tacked on . Even a scene where one of the killers comes on to her and she injures him while half-heartedly thwarting his advances is particularly odd . She 's more invested in the killer 's welfare -- a wormy guy whose power over people is baffling -- at that moment than she was after sleeping with her befuddled partner , who seems to be falling for her . In the end , the story winds its way to a conclusion which is neither suprising nor revelatory .
 This movie started very strong , with an interesting plot and an intriguing , yet unpredictable story line . As the movie unfolds , you leave more about Sandra Bullock 's history , and about the strange murders conducted by two stereotypical high school students . Their motives , as strange as they are , make the viewer want to keep on watching to see what is going to happen . Throughout these two developing story lines , the movie slowly builds itself up for an almighty climax . One where all the loose ends will come together , and where the viewer would see how the two main story lines are at all relevant to each other . With 20 minutes to go , the movie shifts from being an intellectual , well written , and gripping story to quite possibly the worst 20 minutes of cinema in the last 100 years !!! The movie becomes moronic to say the least . The viewer learns that all the story lines in the movie have absolutely nothing to do with each other . The two high school students turn from being intelligent people with a weird motives to two people performing what I thought was a spoof on thriller movies , and the movie had one sentence that combined the two main story lines together . I have two theories
 Not so much the movie , but here career apparently . Reese Witherspoon and Cameron Diaz must be scaring the hell out of Bullock and Meg Ryan cuz they stopped doing those perky comedies that they did well . Put them in something else , like this one , and whew is it tough to watch ! Plus there are way too many holes in this one to really make it work . A couple of good moments , but a bargain rental at best .
 There 's something frustrating about watching a movie like ` Murder By Numers ' because somewhere inside that Hollywood formula is a good movie trying to pop out . However , by the time the credits roll , there 's no saving it . The whole thing is pretty much blown by the `` cop side '' of the story , where Sandra Bullock and Ben Chaplin 's homicide detective characters muddle through an awkward sexual affair that becomes more and more trivialized the longer the movie goes on . Although Bullock is strong in her role , it 's not enough to save the lackluster script and lazy pacing . Ben Chaplin 's talents are wasted in a forgettable role -LRB- he did much better earlier in the year in the underrated ` Birthday Girl ' -RRB- as well as Chris Penn , who has a role so thanklessly small you feel sorry for a talent like him . Anyway , the plot really is n't even a factor in this movie at all . The two teen killers played by Ryan Gosling and Michael Pitt are the only real reasons to see this movie . Their talent and chemistry work pretty good and they play off of each other quite well . It 's too bad they were n't in a much better all-around film . Barbet Schroeder is treading way too safe ground here for such a seasoned filmmaker . Bottom Line
 Sandra Bullock as a hard-boiled homicide detective has a few hurdles to jump before the movie begins . This is one of those Leopold and lobe -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- type partner thrill-kill situations to be solved by Bullock . Of course , all the other cops go with the trail of clues , while Bullock 's hunches always see the truth . She has some inner-demons , but it was n't very moving . The story has that feel of we 've seen all of this before ... and it was done better the last three times . This was n't all that bad - it just was n't all that good considering the star and the director . The criminals ' story got old fast , and the believibility was strained by the end . Bullock 's performance reminded me of Holly Hunter as a detective in Copycat where I never got over the mis-casting . Ok for a movie rental , but if I had seen it in the theater I might be more negative . I like the idea of Bullock trying more gritty drama , but she just does n't cut it as a tough detective .
 Barbet Schroeder 's `` Murder By Numbers '' a movie which I assume is trying to update the Leopold and Loeb murders does have it 's moments . It does try to create something original . And , who knows , if I had not seen the Alfred Hitchcock film `` Rope '' , years ago , would I have enjoyed this movie ? Probably not.Sandra Bullock plays Cassie Mayweather . A once married woman , whom after a bad marriaged , which landed her husband in jail , has since become a cop . And know must track down what police believe to be a serial killer , who , for the moment seems to have committed the perfect crime . It was this part of the film I enjoyed . But , the writer of the film had something else up his sleeve . A very bad sub-plot concerning Bullock and her husband . I wo n't give it all away , but , it explains how bad the marriage was , why Bullock became a cop , and , why her husband has went to jail and the reason for her not going to testify against him . But this sub-plot sometimes takes away time from the , what I felt was the MAIN story-line to the film . The murder committed by these two young boys ; Richard Haywood -LRB- Ryan Gosling -RRB- and Justin Pendleton -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- . Seeing the way these two guys think and their actions was far more interesting to me then seeing Sandra Bullock over coming some old demmons in her closet . Could the sub-plot of work with a film like this ? Maybe , but it would have to be handled in a much better way . There have been movies about cops who have old secrets in the closet and go on with a murder case . This year 's `` Insomnia '' is a film that comes to mind . But in this film , the sub-plot concerning Bullock just throws the film off focus . The two stories do not coincide with each other . And because of that the film does not have the impact the director thought it would.But still the film does have it 's moments . This my pick for Bullock 's best acting performance since , well , it 's her best performance . There seemed to be something there between Ben Chaplin , who plays a rookie cop helping Bullock on the case , and Bullock . Gosling and Pitt did a nice job with their roles as well . And some parts did add a nice level of suspense . But , everything this film does has been handled much better in the past . Watch Hitchcock 's `` Rope '' and see . The film is worth looking at if your a Bullock fan , but , by looking at the numbers this film grossed , I would n't say there are many . The film fell short of 20 million dollars to make any profit . ** 1 \ 2 out of ***** Bottom-line
 The idea was good , two young high schoolers plot the perfect murder . Sandra Bullock plays the cop/profiler who disses shrinks and has serious issues of her own . Half the time Bullock seems slightly psycho and the other half totally confused . Her reaction in certain situations do n't seem believable , like when one of the suspects catches her photographing him . She did n't act like a cop . I do n't think she had a good handle on her part . Every character was a stereotype and the script worked too hard at shoving in twists and turns at every opportunity . Save your money ... it will be on t.v. soon enough .
 I am very dissapointed with this movie even when my expectations were modest.Two young men , likely around high school age , try to attempt to pull of what would likely be the ` perfect murder ' and try to get away with it . Sandra Bullock plays a police detective with a psychologically painful and checkered past who is aiming to investigate and find out what happened when a women was found dead in a river recently.This movie is unbelievably predictable that there is little of anything that instantly grabs your attention . The acting is incredibly hammy and it almost feels like you can tell that Sandra really wanted to walk off the set of this film and for good reason
 This movie is so boring that I like literally found a cure for caffeine overload ! Nothing is worth pointing out because there is virtually nothing worth watching iwth this film . Nothing else to say but that this crime borer is one to pass up .
 My favorite thing about `` Murder by Numbers '' was the irony
 ... `` Murder by Numbers '' is supposed to be a big screen forensic thriller . It is n't . The fault is n't Ms. Bullock 's or the fine cast of actors , who all do very good jobs in their roles . -LRB- Of particular note is Ryan Gossling , who is just great as one of the teenaged killers -RRB- . No , the problem here is the director and the script . This film has its slight exciting moments , but it does n't take advantage of them and sustain the excitement . There are two false endings on this film and by the time the first one has hit , you 're wishing the film would end , because it is really dragging.Bullock 's character , Mayweather , is on the hunt for the murderer -LRB- s -RRB- of a young woman left next to a creek . She is haunted by this crime because she or someone else near and dear to her has had a terrible experience also near a creek ... Back to the basic plot ... Two teenagers are responsible for the murder - we know this and we are supposed to know this . This film is intended to allow us to understand the mind 's of the killers and enjoy the forensic detective work done by Mayweather and her partner -LRB- Ben Chaplin -RRB- . The boys have committed the murder to prove that they can commit the perfect murder because of their superior intellect . `` Murder By Numbers '' is an updated remake of Hitchcock 's `` Rope '' . The trouble is that the writers and director are n't up to the task.This is a story that could have been told in thirty minutes or in a Law and Order episode - and to a much better degree ... Ultimately , this film is n't worth watching . For really exciting forensic detective work tune into `` CSI '' each week on television . For a good version of this same plotline , rent Hitchcock 's `` Rope '' ...
 While the movie itself is decent enough , this review focuses more on the DVD special features.I like to listen to the commentaries provided on many DVD 's . This one however features many of the problems I 've noticed when you have more than one person giving the commentary . The director/producers voice is low and subdued ; in fact it 's barely audible at points . While the editors voice is loud and clear . It makes me wonder why they ca n't get their acts together while editing these tracks and normalize the voices to a consistent level . One other problem , they mention three or four times that there are some extra or extended scenes on the DVD , which is completely false.There are also some continuity problems , the worst of which appears within the first 15 minutes of the film . We see the detectives -LRB- Sandra and Ben -RRB- at the scene in the woods where the body is found , and Sandra 's character is wearing all black . Then the next time we see them they are heading towards her boathouse , presumably coming from the scene of the crime , yet she is wearing a blue shirt , not black . Also notice Ben 's clothes are completely different . It 's small details like these that can make a mediocre film bad .
 This movie tries to force the viewer to sympathize and even praise the efforts of a detective who uses criminals to satisfy her feelings of revenge for injustices in her own past . Such are the ethics we admire ?!
 This movie really disappointed me when I saw it . I was expecting on the edge of your seat drama , but this movie never delivered . It just plugged along at an excrutiatingly slow pace . Sandra Bullock delivers a pretty good performance of a woman trying to face the demons of her past and coming to grips with that past . That was the best storyline of the movie . The rest of it was pretty unmoving . To me , I enjoy a thriller more when the killers remain obscure to the end . It 's just more suspense in not knowing . This movie did have suspense in keeping us in the dark about who really committed the murder . However , watching detectives follow constantly-plotting high schoolers around was just downright boring at times . Also , I felt that the rich kid might have been gay . There was just too much hugging and kissing between the two boys for me . The rich kid was jealous , possessive , and abusive . I just thought that he might have been gay . This is not one of the better movies of 2002 and that 's why I give it a D. Peace
 Well , what a mess . Bullock needs something great fast !! This MURDER BY NUMBERS was a waste of time , I tought it would be so much better . What dissapointment!There 's no sense at all about the movie ! The two kids are utterly evil , but BUllock ' character -LRB- Cassie -RRB- say to Justin that he was just being `` used '' by the other guy and was a good boy , because Justin vomitted when taking the body to the jungle !!! Great guy ... Also , Cassie is so annoying that you even want to fire her from POlice Department yourself ! Ben Chaplin plays a side-kick here and also must take care of his career , after performing on that stupid movie alongside Nicole KIdman.There 's the old , -LRB- I mean , OLD ! -RRB- cliche of the police chief who is always in a bad mood ... There are total incoeherences in the plot . THe good loking killer guy is portrayed , according to Cassie , as being rich and adorable by everyone in the high school . . BUt the guy is always smoking , he 's not an athlete , he 's not surrounded by girls , and one of the reasons he supposedly commits the murder is to gain attention!Useless scenes like the one about this guy -LRB- Richard -RRB- and Bullock arguing around her car.CHris Penn 's role here is also sad ... Such a small role , it seems someone in the production team was paying him a favour ... In general , this movie leads you nowhere , absolutely nowhere . You ca n't simpatize with Cassie , you ca n't simpatize with the killers , you ca n't simpatize with Chaplin , you ca n't simpatize with the girl -LRB- Lisa -RRB- that is seduced by Richard screaming nosense inside his car while listening to Iron Maiden 's The Number of The Beast ... Horrible
 Extremely boring and unconvinced crime thriller in which two psycho teenagers commited a murder just to prove to them selves that they are genious . But they have to confront smart police officer -LRB- played with no intensity by Bullock -RRB- who take up the investigation of the gruesome case . Predictable , dull and unsuspenseful . A waste of time , in fact .
 sandra bullock has plugged into a hollywood formula , apparently cashing in ... a schlocky script , her angst driven role to out-do the men around her - while she is distant , obsessed , lonely , -LRB- with moments of nigh unto tenderness -RRB- , indulging in shallow sexual encounters and close to a bottle of beer or scotch.think about it , as far as anybody knows , Bullock in real life is a 37 or 38 single woman , without children , and hey , not bad looking , -LRB- she does get a lot mileage with those big brown eyes -RRB- , and running her own production company . I do n't see the positive role models for young women in Bullock 's roles.How stupid was the script for Miss Congeniality ? And again , out to prove that the boys are wrong . Sure , she kicks some male butt in the movies , shows herself exceptionally brainy , but carries huge amounts of emotional baggage . And there is always the confrontational scene when she is given the low-down onwhy she is such an annoyance . She rebounds and wins the day.Yaawwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn , Sandra .
 Sandra Bullock has made too many romantic comedies to be truly believable as homicide detective Cassie Mayweather . Cassie is haunted by her past , which includes domestic abuse , so she attempts to escape from her pain by drinking heavily and sleeping with her new partners . Being a survivor herself she 's relentless when it comes to tracking down men who prey on vulnerable women . Two such men , Jason -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- and Richard -LRB- Ryan Gosling -RRB- , are attempting to pull off the perfect murder . They are determined to get away with it and show off their intellectual superiority in the process . When the body of a female washes ashore Cassie begins her investigation and it does n't take long for her to cross paths with the two young men . Pretty much all the plot `` twists '' are predictable but there is one last minute surprise that proves effective . Bullock does n't look or act too good here . The best performances are those of Pitt and especially Gosling . This film is another variation on the Leopold and Loeb murders that inspired films like ` Compulsion ' and ` Rope ' . Unfortunately Jimmy Stewart is n't on hand to solve the murder and wrap things up . It 's an okay watch , but only recommended for fans of Gosling or Pitt .
 Slightly more interesting than your average made-for-TV thriller playing on cable stations Saturday afternoons , Murder By Numbers has a lot of interesting scenarios that end up clashing with each other in a the big , unappetizing stew that is this movie . Only recommended for huge Sandra Bullock fans .
 Expected more from this flick by reading reviews . Could n't find a place to rent it so I bought it , I was beat out of 10 bucks . You wo n't miss a thing .
 I was surprised . Surprised because I think I have seen that movie on late-night TV . I know , it 's not the best review to hear , but if you see this movie you will believe it . I was expecting a movie that has a little more action ; a movie that did n't look like it was made by a high school movie club . No , I 'm afraid this movie is all that . I guess I can only expect this when I 'm looking for the cheapest , interesting , movies .
 I just recently watched this film and found it very boring and extremely fake . The acting was basically non-existent and it seems that every bloke in this film is only out to get into the lead ladies pants . The only appealing feature of this film was the nude scenes .
 At the very premiere location on John Patrick 's website is this testimonial ... ======================= `` Last night I walked away from the casino having turned a $ 1000.00 bankroll into $ 8381.00 . I 'm glad I learned about the WIN GOALS and LOSS LIMITS or I would have blown my $ 1000 on a few games and tables . Tomorrow , I will do it all over again . I do n't ALWAYS turn such a huge profit but I always turn SOME PROFIT each day of gambling under your system . I have even applied your system further than you mention . I am lucky enough to live in a location with a big choice of casinos . If a CASINO is cold for me , I 've learned to apply the DISCIPLINE enough to leave that casino and enter another . I 've expanded your suggestions beyond just switching TABLES.I now sometimes think about how the casinos can take such big loses daily from me and I realize that the players who are n't using your system are the ones who are supplying the casinos with the money for my wins . I suggest every player get your books , tapes and NOW DVDs ! The only worry I have is that if too many people know your strategies of gambling success , the casinos would soon go out of business because of all the people taking payouts instead of paying loses.I used to think that your books , tapes , and NOW DVDS were expensive . I now wonder , what was I thinking ? I challenge anyone to find an investment that pays off even 1 percent of what the JOHN PATRICK SYSTEM did for me ! `` Mick Schofield ========================== It is total BS . I know for a fact . I wrote it.I was at his message board and a lot of people were posting negative things about JP which were all being deleted seconds later , including my own.I then decided to write the outrageous nonsense you see above . Not only was it not deleted , it was elevated to the absolute most premiere area of the site.I have confronted JP on this many times about him knowingly posting a false story . He knows the testimonial is bologna but he refuses to take it down.From what I 've seen of his products , his central advice is to change tables when you are on a losing streak , the DISCIPLINE he keeps harping on.His self testimonial `` I may not win much but I do n't lose much either '' . This is the most positive thing I have ever heard him say in reference to his own track record.Not really much of an endorsement if you ask me.Seriously , I would bet with no fear of losing , that JP 's record is of a slow gradual losing of money . Sometimes up for a while , usually down . The overall situation a constant descent.I do n't know how he got so well known to be able to write and sell his useless products but that is his true winfall . ================================= I got this for $ 3.20 . I just started playing Texas Hold Em and really enjoyed it -LRB- The game not this dvd -RRB- . This was cheap enough in a discount store where I also get an additional discount.At the time I was entirely unfamiliar with JP but since have got to know about him quite well.The dvd basically is a `` for dummies '' explanation of HOW TO PLAY Texas Hold em . There is very little strategy given . Basically he advices to walk away when on a losing streak . I have since found out this is his central advice for every one of his very prolific set of products.As for some of his strategy on best hole cards , he has it pretty much correct but some are out of correct order . He freely admits he does n't know the mathematical statistics . So basically he assigned a dogmatic ranking of the hole cards that pretty much conforms to statistics but where there is doubt , JP prefers to use his hunches and experience instead of bothering with figuring it out mathematically.I am not sure why an odds calculator is included since John Patrick tells he to not waste your time on finding out statistical odds to make decisions.Seriously , John Patrick IS NOT a good gambler . As evidenced by his many writings he is a poor gambler at best . He has barely progressed from novice status.I do n't know how he got well known but clearly if we were able to see his tax returns , the income would be from products not from gambling.On this dvd JP claims to be very accessible at his website and it actually is an absolutely valid claim . I have been there many times and -LRB- positive -RRB- messages addressed to him will be answered by him usually within minutes . He also is his own monitor and every time I have been there he is busy deleting criticism.JP does seems to be cracking up from the stress of his website 's message board criticism.One thing JP is known for doing now and then is responding to criticism by claiming to have done the posters wife and that he left her a $ 5.00 tip for the effort `` which should have been more than sufficient '' . Then JP will delete any follow-up messages giving himself the last word .
 The worst movie ever ? This movie is marketed as being a `` Barney '' bashing movie , for all those parents fed up with having to endure endless hours of mindless childrens videos . But instead of a movie with biting sarcasm and rampant deviltry , this is really a musical written for children . Watching this movie was like watching 2 hours of Barney videos . Instead of treating children 's icons like pinatas , this movie is an homage to them . The script was written for children . It completely lacks adult humor , and any humor at any level period . In all honesty , there is one lone exception
 What a mess . First off , a little Robin Williams goes a lonnnnnng way . This is waaaaaay too much Robin Williams . What was Devito thinking ??? There is a BIG difference between `` Dark Comedy '' and `` No Comedy '' , too bad Devito does not understand this concept ...
 Barney meets the Godfather . Lots of violence and cussing but nothing interesting . It 's a kids ' show with the Irish Mafia -LRB- huh ? -RRB- thrown in . But do n't take your kids -- it 's very violent.Obviously , I do n't recommend it !
 This Robin Williams movie was full of bad language and senseless violence . Terrible experience . Walked out after an hour and got my money refunded .
 This is still to this day one of the most awful films i ever saw . I took a girl on a date for this movie and wow , what a mistake . The movie has no real plot and just gets worse as you watch it more .
 This movie was full of dark , sick , and overall STUPID humor , that is NOT funny , but , just came off as distirbinmg .
 Death to Smoochy lacks almost ALL entertainment value . It 's one of those movies that looks very promising , is well acted , and well-directed , but has a really bad script . I wonder how it was able to attract such a fine cast of actors.Further , of the 5 or so jokes in this movie , all are of the `` hammer-to-the-head '' or `` farting noise '' style . It would seem the scriptwriter never could decide whether to make it for children or for adults.I enjoyed Meet the Parents -LRB- as suggested by another reviewer -RRB- but was dumbfounded by this piece of cinematic drab .
 I get what they were trying to do ... the kiddy entertainment biz is filled with foul mouthed , violent and moblike people . Although parts of this movie are funny on their own , as a whole they missed by a long shot.Someone should have been brave enough to go back to the original shoot footage to edit in the connecting pieces ... such a waste of the superior talent of Robin Williams , Edward Norton and Jon Stewart !
 I ca n't believe I just spent two hours watching this ... . What an unorganized , poorly written , poorly directed waste of time this was . There are MAYBE two laughs in the whole movie , and they were n't even enough to write home about . Not even the great Robin Williams , the venerable Edward Norton , and the heretofore widely respected Danny DeVito could save this monstrosity.Save your money . If you want a funny Robin Williams movie , buy `` Mrs. Doubtfire '' or something where he shows his talent instead of screaming nonsense for two hours , as he does in this celluloid tripe .
 The worst movie ever ? This movie is marketed as being a `` Barney '' bashing movie , for all those parents fed up with having to endure endless hours of mindless childrens videos . But instead of biting sarcasm and rampant deviltry , the viewer is subjected to endless full-blown musical numbers written for children . Watching this movie was like watching 2 hours of Barney videos . Instead of treating children 's icons like pinatas , this movie is an homage to them . The script was written for children . It completely lacks adult humor , and any humor at any level period . The lone exception is one scene by robin Williams , where he slams into a brick wall during a spoof of Singing in the Rain . I was stunned that there were no other laughs in a movie with such a great comedian.If you have n't had enough of Barney then this movie is for you .
 I hardly have the words to describe this movie . It 's a Danny Devito film , and you have to be a devoted fan to even get the slightest enjoyment our of it . His mind is dark and demented , and it 's shown in full through this film . The plot was stable , but not very memorable . A star of a children 's television show is caught accepting bribes and loses his job . He 's then replaced by another who is ` squeaky clean ' . The entirety of it is based on a consipiring agent and a washed up TV star 's obsession with revenge . It was n't the worst movie I 've seen , but it is lacking too much to mention . This is not a movie for Robin Williams fans . His character is the complete opposite of the usual quirky , humorous ones he 's known for . I was amused with the fact that nearly every other word out of his mouth was foul . He pulls off the insanely jealous , psychotic nature of his character very well . Edward Norton also does a great job playing a love all veggan whose primary goal in life is to make others happy and give them hope in humanity . Over all , I 'd say this movie is n't worth the money . It was nothing like the previews made it out to be . There was scarcely any amount of quality in it . I find dark , demented humor amusing , yet in the end I loathed paying the 4 bucks to rent it . I can see this movie damaging Williams ' career . I hope , for his sake , he has a better come back very soon . It would be a shame to lose such a talented actor .
 Eh.Good acting from Williams & Norton as unlikable kidshow hosts , same old same old performance by DeVito as The Danny DeVito Character . Kind of overblown in a `` look at us , we 're satirizing children 's television ! '' way . Any episode of South Park has more humor & irreverence than this entire movie.HOWEVER.You may not agree . It 's very much the kind of movie people either really like or really dislike . Definitely check it out on rental before buying .
 How bummed out was I by Danny De Vito 's `` Death to Smoochy '' ? When I finished the movie on DVD , I saw that the disc contained a `` Bloopers and Outtakes '' section on its menu . I passed it by , even though those bloopers and outtakes featured not only De Vito but also Robin Williams , Edward Norton , Catherine Keener , Harvey Fierstein and Jon Stewart . Though Norton 's performance and a few scattershot funny scenes prevent the movie from becoming a total disaster , the film as a whole is so sour and abrasive that it makes `` Bad Santa '' look like `` Mary Poppins . '' De Vito and screenwriter Adam Resnick never find the right tone ; they mistake frenzy for laughs , and the events on display rarely even make sense -- particularly not during the last twenty minutes , which try to combine `` Holiday on Ice '' with `` Godfather III . '' A cynical comedy about behind-the-scenes backstabbing in children 's TV could have been delightful in the hands of a Billy Wilder or a Christopher Guest , but De Vito 's sledgehammer approach pounds to dust whatever humor there might have been . Norton at least is likable as Sheldon Mopes , a/k/a Smoochy the Rhino , and he retains his dignity as a performer even while wearing a hideous fuchsia rhino suit . The same can not be said for Williams , who prances around like a poisoned troll as Norton 's disgraced rival , the scheming , venal Rainbow Randolph . His change of heart at the end is simply not believable , and neither is that of Keener , who punches up her cynical persona from `` Being John Malkovich '' to new and unpleasant heights . De Vito phones in his performance , while Fierstein and Stewart just stand there and screech . The film , I must admit , held my interest enough for me to watch it in its entirety , but at the end I felt nauseated by a surfeit of Smoochy , Randolph and their noisome friends . Where have you gone , Captain Kangaroo ?
 One of the worst films i have seen in the past few years , and that 's saying a lot with the awful stuff that 's being released on a regular basis ... Edward Norton 's attempt at comedy is painful to watch . Not sure whether it 's his fault OR the script , but who cares ? This movie stinks . Catherine Keener 's performance is mailed-in -LRB- what 's she doing here in the first place ? -RRB- , and Robin Willaims over-the-top maniac role is so tired . Everyone involved should be ashamed of themselves ...
 This was easily for me the most dissapointing and embarrassing movie I have ever seen . I saw the commercials . I saw an interview with Danny Devito when he said , `` Death to Smoochy is a mix of Barney and Pulp Fiction , '' and you bet I kicked myself ... when I bought it . I truly believed I was going to see that mix and was very interested . Not only the statement that Danny Devito made , but also the great cast of Edward Norton and Robin Williams . These are probably one of the best actors of today , but what this movie made me realize is that great actors do n't always make great descisions.To begin with , the main character , Edward Norton 's character , was the most annoying main character I 've seen in a movie . He was n't so annoying that it made him funny , he was so annoying that he was ... well , annoying . The writers tried to make the annoyingness into laughter , but it just did n't work . I probably only laughed once in the movie and it was when Robin Williams sang a corny song . There were two things I remember clearly about what I did n't like also . I had hope that at least SOMETHING cool would happen in this boring movie . Like Edward Norton with a gun in his hand . I said to myself , `` Ok , maybe it starts to get cool here . '' But before I knew it , Edward Norton 's character says , Why am I doing this , this is n't right . Every single part I felt that it would start to be cool , something really stupid happens . The other clear memory I have about the movie is how embarrassed I was to take my girlfriend to a movie I had chosen and recommended . I was so embarrassed , I do n't think I chose a movie after several other movie dates . So , if you think you are going to see a clever , funny and very dark humored movie with Death to Smoochy , are you in for a surprise . The most unfunny , embarrassing , and dissapointing movie in my life ... well , except , of course , for Pamela and Tommy Lee 's video .
 I am reading in sheer disbelief some of the above reviews who praise DEATH TO SMOOCHY - `` mine comic gold '' ? Cmon ! This is without a doubt one of the WORST movies of the year - if not ALL TIME - I 'm not talking a low-brow cheapie exploitation flick that does n't aim high , I am talking a big-budget major studio movie full of A-list actors -LRB- Williams , Norton , Keener , DeVito , etc. -RRB- that falls FLAT on its face from the first frame - I saw this movie in the theater opening weekend , and I can say
 well , this one was n't - i think the satire angle was played up more because the script was dumb , the plot was dumb , and the acting is dumb - hey let 's make it a satire ! Overall an embarassing effort all around .
 The show had potential , but the writers seemed to be paid by the profane word . The jokes are weak , there is a total lack of parody , despite the potential from Pee-Wee Herman , and some others . This movie makes Cadillac Man and The Best of Times look good and they were BOMBS .
 ... It 's not funny . Wastes Robin William 's talent . Also , I wonder how the actors said all of those four letter words in front of all of the kids in the movie ? The only storyline I enjoyed was the Irish mafia . ...
 Excellent cast , interesting idea , but an incredibly bad movie .
 Okay , so we all read the horrible reviews from critics . However , if you were anything like me , you denied it was even POSSIBLE for a movie starring Edward Norton and Robin Williams to be bad . Especially when these great actors are involved in a concept that seemed so witty in previews.However , Death to Smootchy was a crushing disappointment . None of the characters had personalities with any depth whatsoever , and you almost have to think whoever wrote the script said to him/herself
 The worst movie ever ? This movie is marketed as being a `` Barney '' bashing movie , for all those parents fed up with having to endure endless hours of mindless childrens videos . But instead of a movie with biting sarcasm and rampant deviltry , this is really a musical written for children . A poorly written one . Watching this movie was like watching 2 hours of Barney videos . Instead of treating children 's icons like pinatas , this movie is an homage to them . The script was written for children . It completely lacks adult humor , and any humor at any level period . In all honesty , there is one lone exception
 `` Death To Smoochy '' is a murder comedy that has some decent preformances from both Edward Norton and Robin Williams , but failed to really keep my attention or interest . I only found it amusing during a few parts of the film . Most of the funnier parts I found were on the Additional Scenes segment of the DVD . Plus , the film was n't as morbid as I had been lead to believe . The only thing really giving this movie its R rating was the bad language in the movie , not really the themes surrounding the movie . The whole `` death '' to Smoochy part of the movie really was n't presented that well . I also found a lot of the characters in the film irritating and annoying and Catherine Keener just ca n't really play -LSB- an evil/cruel woman -RSB- . Her acting seemed more like faking when it came to the character she was trying to portray . Overall , the movie kind of dragged on and the climax to the movie was n't really that exciting or interesting . I do n't recommend it .
 robin williams fans , stay home . this film was a major disapointment and is the second movie in 40 years we walked out of . the kids might like it but mr. de vito did not deliver on this one . save your money .
 Hola ladies and gents , I can not believe that amount of people who claim to like this movie . What 's wrong with you ? This is the worst movie ever made in the history of time . I 'd rather watch John Madden eat a turducken than watch this movie . Edward Norton has done nothing but commit career suicide since `` Fight Club '' and `` American History X. '' Robin Williams ' career ended after `` The Fisher King . '' He has n't been funny in quite some time either . Danny DeVito directed `` The War of the Roses . '' That 's only one of the funniest movies of our time and then he directs this piece of crap.How could they think this movie was good while making it ? It 's pathetic . The humor is very raunchy and not funny for that matter . The songs on Smoochy 's shows are very emabarassing and I ca n't believe Ed Norton acted like that . What was he thinking ? Someone explain this to me.Harvey Firestein is in this movie as a mobster ! Nuff said.Yet some of you people still like this movie . Maybe I 'm missing the boat , but I was under the impression that movies were supposed to have plot , acting , and direction.This does n't seem to be the case here . The screenplay is almost as funny as `` Attack of the Clones . '' The acting is a hair below that of any Kevin Costner movie -LRB- YIKES !!! -RRB- And I imagine a boston terrier directed this movie -LRB- I wish that were true -RRB- . Awful awful awful . Ca n't describe my hatred for this movie enough.Don ' t see it ever ! You 'll thank me saving your mind the torture . If you 're a glutton for punishment ... go ahead.Later.John Doep.s . I give this movie negative infinity billion out of 5 .
 Katherine Keener was pretty hot in Being John Malcovich . She does n't look so good in this movie . That 's about the only comment I can make about this used condom of a movie .
 Twenty bucks for this flick was a crime'Cause honey , this ai n't worth a dimeBut just to be fairI really do n't care : I just wish they 'd refund me my time
 If this was meant to be a children 's movie , I do n't get it . What 's with the endless barrage of genitalia jokes ? Intended perhaps for toddlers who could n't understand much.Not that the flimsy plot calls for much understanding
 This is definitely one of the WORST pieces of rubbish I have ever seen . Robin Williams and Edward Norton are EXCELLENT actors , so why they decided to participate in creating something so dull , plotless , stupid , and inane is beyond me.I desperately tried to figure out the plot to this , but I realized I could n't because a plot simply does NOT exist . This movie is trying to come across as a quirky , off-the-wall comedy , but it 's one big emotionless yawn . No laughs , no tears , no interest , no smiles , no frowns . I sat with a blank expression on my face the ENTIRE time.Take my advice - do NOT , by any means , buy this movie . It is honestly one of the worst pieces of film ever created .
 Unimpressive and completly unentertaining . Some funny moments here and there but the plot is totally childish . Just my opinion .
 I do n't see what is the deal with the high praise in some reviews that this movie is getting . This is a lame attempt at comedy at best . Profanity is not humor . Sure , I get the part about wanting to satirize the whole Barney thing , but this movie just tries too hard with little in the way of script or acting . Edward Norton and Robin Williams are n't funny at all . It was a hard movie to get through , but I was just hoping it would either be over , or get better.It did end , at least .
 This movie is in the most part a discrase . shure there are a few funny parts but for the mot part this movie is stupid and poorly acted . I am still trying to figure out why williums and Norten -LRB- two actors that I like very much -RRB- did this mess .
 Robin Williams is a comic genius , and the scenes with him on screen are worth watching -LRB- too bad he does n't have more screen time -RRB- . And Harvey Fierstein is always entertaining . Danny Woodburn does a great job as the chief `` little person '' on the Smoochy show . The comic premise of the movie sounded promising , but it 's weighed down by a leaden script , with a silly and unfunny gangster subplot and an utterly unbelievable romantic plot thrown in . The film generates maybe half a dozen chuckles in all . The DVD includes a commentary by director Danny deVito which is largely devoted to telling how much fun the movie was to make . Too bad it 's not much fun to watch .
 This has to be one of the worst movies that I have seen in a long time . I was really looking forward to this film , too . Danny DeVito is a very talented man who makes very sophisticated and funny films , such as `` The War of the Roses '' , `` Throw Momma from the Train '' , and `` Matilda '' . Why he chose this film as his latest project is a mystery . It was only sporadically funny , but it was mostly crude . Do n't get me wrong , I enjoy a good dark comedy every now and then ... GOOD being the key word here . This was a long and drawn out , boring experience . It went on and on and on and went nowhere.Edward Norton does the best he can with the material that he has been given . I love Robin Williams , but he can do much better ! Danny Devito can also do much , much better ! A major disappointment . DO NOT BRING CHILDREN TO THIS FILM.SKIP IT .
 I rented this movie and for some reason I bought the piece of called Death to Smoochy ! I watched it and started noticing how bad it was ! What a mistake to buy this ! ... Okay , let me tell you why I gave this 2 stars
 Robin Williams , who once again plays an odd big kid , has given up on challenging himself . He proves this in Death to Smoochy . Although it was entertaining at certain parts , and Edward Norton once again played a wierd part -LRB- a la Fight Club -RRB- , the acting and humor could have been much better . Robin revisits some of his past accents from Mrs.Doubtfire and his flambouant brother from Mrs. Doubtfire -LRB- Harvey Fierstein -RRB- plays a mob boss/kids fundraiser director.The costumes in the movie , although imaginative , were a throwback to `` Barney and Friends `` and `` Captain Kangaroo '' Danny Devito directed this film and I belive he wrote it also . As in his past movies -LRB- Matilda -RRB- the cinamatography makes the film seem darker than it should be . With a big pink rhino you should have a bright movie rather than a dark shadowy mob flick . I walked into the film expecting a good laugh and left feeling like I wasted 2 hours of my time in the theatre.It 's a good idea to take a look at a look at the rating at the movie before you drag your kids to the movie . The language is harsh and not even nice for an adult to hear let alone a ten year old . Unless your a hardcore fan of Danny Devito , Robin Williams and Edward Norton ~ Yes all three , not just one , I would skip this movie and maybe wait and rent it .
 With the bevy of talented actors in this film , perhaps I expected more . Robin Williams is a great comedian , though his movies have slipped at the box office lately , and Edward Norton is perhaps one of the best actors of our time . Danny DiVito and Jon Stewart did an admirable job as part of the supporting castas well . But I thought that Spinner was the best character , and he had brain damage.Overall This movie just lacked any real substance to it . I did n't really feel like it had any depth to it . The plot was interesting and new , but yet very thin . In fact perhaps too thin to be made into a motion picture . The sarcastic remarks and few comedic episodes kept me entertained enough to finish it though.For all of you Anti-Barney people , this film may give you an insight to the corupt world of children 's television . Or it might just bore you to the point where you 'll hate it just like Barney .
 Robin Williams , who once again plays an odd big kid , has given up on challenging himself . He proves this in Death to Smoochy . Although it was entertaining at certain parts , and Edward Norton once again played a wierd part -LRB- a la Fight Club -RRB- , the acting and humor could have been much better . Robin revisits some of his past accents from Mrs.Doubtfire and his flambouant brother from Mrs. Doubtfire -LRB- Harvey Fierstein -RRB- plays a mob boss/kids fundraiser director.The costumes in the movie , although imaginative , were a throwback to `` Barney and Friends `` and `` Captain Kangaroo '' Danny Devito directed this film and I belive he wrote it also . As in his past movies -LRB- Matilda -RRB- the cinamatography makes the film seem darker than it should be . With a big pink rhino you should have a bright movie rather than a dark shadowy mob flick . I walked into the film expecting a good laugh and left feeling like I wasted 2 hours of my time in the theatre.It 's a good idea to take a look at a look at the rating at the movie before you drag your kids to the movie . The language is harsh and not even nice for an adult to hear let alone a ten year old . Unless your a hardcore fan of Danny Devito , Robin Williams and Edward Norton ~ Yes all three , not just one , I would skip this movie and maybe wait and rent it .
 Robin Williams , playing the third deranged character he 's played this year -LRB- after INSOMNIA and before ONE HOUR PHOTO -RRB- , stars as Rainbow Randolph , a beloved but corrupt kids TV show star in the vein of what Barney could be in real life -LRB- who 's under that suit anyway ? -RRB- . Anyway , rainbow is fired for accepting bribes . He is replaced by the earnest Sheldon Mopes -LRB- Edward Norton ; FIGHT CLUB -RRB- and his persona of Smoochy the Rhino . This does n't bode well for Rainbow Rudolph and he plots revenge on Smoochy . Sound ridiculous ? It is.But it 's meant to be . This is n't a great comedy but it has its moments . However , I expected more from the talent involved . I thought Danny Devito made a great comedy with THROW MAMMA FROM THE TRAIN and I guess I just wanted this film to be a little more like that one . Not bad , worth a rental just for Norton and Williams performances .
 There 's a scene about halfway through `` Death to Smoochy '' in which Robin Williams and Ed Norton are cruising in a car through the streets of New York City . Judging by the fullness of the foliage and the ways in which the people are dressed , we can ascertain that the scene was shot sometime in the spring or summer . Yet , by the time the car has arrived at its destination , the setting is engulfed in a full-on blizzard , appropriately enough since the film does indeed take place in a wintertime Manhattan.This seemingly minor technical discrepancy is actually emblematic of the carelessness and cluelessness that have gone into the making of this black comedy misfire , written by Adam Resnik and directed by Danny De Vito . Pity the two unlucky stars who are stuck playing rival kiddie show hosts who find themselves involved in a battle from which only one can emerge victorious . Williams portrays Rainbow Randolph Smiley , on camera , a beaming , saccharine purveyor of upbeat lessons in morality and life , off camera , a foulmouthed , amoral moneygrubber who gets busted for taking payola from some undercover agents posing as parents desperate to get their child a coveted spot on Smiley 's TV show . Norton plays Smoochy , a down-on-his-luck , wannabe star whose moral m&eacute;tier is the exact opposite of Smiley 's . He is decent , kind and honest to a fault , a man who balks at all the corporate exploitation of children done in the name of entertainment and profit . When Smoochy is hired to be Smiley 's replacement , the mentally unbalanced has-been launches a diabolical crusade to undercut the rising star 's ascent to the top and to regain his own lost position of prominence in the hearts and minds of his adoring fans and the corporate execs and sponsors who happen to pay the bills.It 's sort of hard to know what exactly those involved with this enterprise really thought they were doing . The corrupt world of so-called `` children 's entertainment '' - where more money is spent trying to get the tykes and their parents to buy tie-in products than in trying to instill strong moral values into the intended audience - is certainly rife for some clear-eyed deconstruction . `` Death to Smoochy , '' however , fails at every level - the prime problem being that there is not a single laugh to be found anywhere in the movie . Any attempt to bring pop-eyed gangsters , hired hit men and Nazi storm troopers into a satire about a kiddie show in crisis had better know what it is doing from the outset . `` Death to Smoochy '' never gets a sure footing . Smiley and Smoochy are too broadly drawn to be very interesting or effective as characters and the humor generally consists of people cussing at one another while an innocent , angelic Smoochy looks on in finger-wagging disapproval . The low point of the movie occurs when a deranged Smiley waves a giant cookie made in the shape of a penis right in the faces of a group of astonished children while he enumerates each and every one of the terms commonly associated with that object . This seems to be a new low even for Hollywood , which obviously no longer acknowledges the existence of any line separating what is appropriate for adults from what is appropriate for children.Typical for a mainstream film that presumes to dabble in the area of `` dark '' comedy , `` Death to Smoochy '' turns all soft , cuddly and righteous at the end . Yet , what a film of this sort needs is a hard edge , a willingness to go all the way into the realm of iconoclastic satire and not want the audience to pat it on the back as it leaves the theatre ... `` Death to Smoochy '' is , ultimately , as treacly and bland as the target it is trying to attack .
 I first watched this when I was in middle school and thought it was the funniest thing I had ever seen . I then re-watched it a year ago and did n't laugh one time . It was n't because I had heard the jokes before , but because he just was n't funny . If you ask most stand-up fans , they will tell you that Martin Lawrence just is not a good stand-up comedian .
 I bought this video and was very disappointed . I know Martin to be a great actor but simply , he does not cut it as a stand up . Most of his material used in `` You so Crazy '' is Richard Pryor material . Stuff like masturbation , drug use , differences in black and white people , acting like a kid when he gets a hot female , etc are taken from Richard Pryor Live in Concert , Live in the Sunset Strip etc. . .
 Straight up , this is the worst thing , ever . And i 'm not just saying it 's the worst DVD ever ... it 's the worst THING ever , and I 'm including genocide and cancer in the mix . Martin is an okay actor ... i used to watch his show as a kid , and it was alright , but my god ... what the hell is he doing to stand-up comedy?Firstly , he talks so damn fast , i ca n't understand a thing he 's saying , and when i DO , it 's just not funny . I get the feeling like he 's setting the stage for a joke ... but the joke never gets there . Like putting together all the ingredients for a cake , but never bothering to put it in the damn oven ... Bottom line
 This is undeniably the worst stand up performance ever.Martin Lawrence is a decent actor.Big Momma 's House is hilarious.But in stand up , he ca n't joke his way out of a paper bag.Almost every other word is a swear word.I do n't mind swearing , but it can get old fast.Also , the topics discussed in this DVD are the same topics every black comedian has talked about : race , drugs , and sex.When Richard Pryor and Chris Rock do this , it can be funny.When Martin and other certain comedians do it , it is not funny.His routine on racism is the most racist routine of all time.His impression of a white man is really annoying.If you want to hear a good impression of a white man , check out Dave Chappelle 's `` Killin ' Them Softly . `` He is hilarious.Steer clear of this and Runteldat '' .
 This video was EDITED , and the seller should 've listed it as such , and I would n't have purchsed it . I contacted the seller , and received no response . They should tell you that it is NOT the full version . My favorite scene was NOT on this video , so I was very disappointed .
 Do n't know to whom this would appeal.Fine actors wasted on this attempt to breathe new life into a wonderful Victorian Era story . Nothing like the Wizard of Oz for fantasy and visual excitement . Young viewers I showed this to were immediately bored with its pseudo intellectualisms even an adult would tire of .
 I love this series and was super excited to receive this limited edition set in the mail , only ... when it finally did arrive , it was OPENED already ! Someone removed the shrink wrap and took out the cornet screen wipe . I 'm severely disappointed . Buyer beware . .
 Beware this review is for the people that do n't know what LUCKY STAR is , not for its fanatics , remember it 's your money.Lucky Star is another parody show that combines the comedy of Azumanga Daioh , Cromartie High School & Excel Saga . The story -LRB- if there is one -RRB- is about four friends in school living their normal lifes . Yep , it sounds stupid but that is all.The English version has a good cast of voice overs Wendee Lee -LRB- AKA Haruhi -RRB- as Konata , Karen Strassman -LRB- AKA Ren from Dears -RRB- as Miyuki , Michelle Ruff -LRB- AKA Miharu fom Girls Bravo -RRB- and Kari Wahlgren -LRB- AKA Haruhara from FLCL -RRB- as Kagami , but some actors need more passion for their characters , I though kagami was going to sound like Haruko Haruhara from FLCL or like Jeane from No More Heroes but nooo , the Japanese track is as always perfect.Pros : + Fluent animation . + The English version of Stukasa and Miyuki are surprisingly similar to the original seiyu . + Character design . + large amounts of otaku humor . + Lucky Channel + There is always the Japanese track.Cons : - Dialog . - The show became famous because the use of many anime references , not for originality . - The English version of Konata , Kagami and Akira do n't sound like the Japanese seiyu - The characters look like 10 years-old but they are actually 16 to 18 . - There is no ending theme , at the end of each episode a song from another anime or show is preformed by one of the characters in karaoke style , some people might find this funny but it becomes annoying after a while . - Some jokes are not that funny.I 'm a big fan of Kyoto Animation , shows like Air , Haruhi Suzumiya and Kanon are top-notch but this show is just over-rated , I recommend better comedies like Ninja Nonsense , Pani Poni Dash , Cromartie High School , School Rumble , Strawberry Marshmallow , Ah My Goddess , or read a book , but Lucky Star is just a very MEHHH show , 1 out 5 .
 This film was produced by Creation Ministries International.The film consists of a lecture with slides giving a highly technical picture of tree growth.As a starter the lecturer makes some seemingly snide remarks about models . He also refers to creationism -- comments I did not understand . But throughout the lecture he shows and refers to modeling . At the end he says the ultimate key to the past , present and future is the word of God , who happens to be the protagonist and author of it all.He talks about population control , saying that what is pushed -LRB- e.g Paul Ehrlich -RRB- is that man is a plague , a disease , and that the world would be better off if man were pushed off the earth . The bible tells us that abortion is a sin , that licentiousness ... it is not a sin to have a rv or burn an incandescent light bulb . That increase in co2 will not cause unpleasant climate shifts ... That is where religion overshadows science.So I do n't know where the lecturer is coming from . What is the motivation for this lecture ? I am confused .
 I have many workout videos , and use these as my main source of fitness on a daily basis . I love yoga , ballet , and any sort of workout that focuses on my booty , but these videos felt like a complete joke ! I did not see any clear element of any of these three areas in any of the workouts !! The coordination was so ... uncoordinated ! The ladies have awesome bodies , but I extremely doubt they got it with these types of workouts -LRB- if you even want to call it a workout ! -RRB- . The hands were moving more than the bodies and , really , just get something else if you want to get the benefits of yoga , or ballet -LRB- the bare method is great -RRB- , or booty -LRB- brazil butt lift is hands down the best booty workout I 've ever done ! and with GREAT results -RRB- . Having said all the above , I do suggest this video for newbies to working out . I can see how it could feel like `` fun '' to those starting out and motivating to try something harder thereafter . Nonetheless , if you are serious about working out this is a complete joke !
 I bought the entire set and it is pretty difficult to do -LRB- if you do n't have any experience with yoga like I do -RRB- . It really should be marketed to those who already have extensive yoga experience . Also the ballet moves are simple but require lots of flexibility -LRB- so if you 're not flexible , it will not be as useful -RRB- . The hip hop part takes some getting used to and is so cheesy that I cringe ! This series is way more complicated then they make it seem . I rarely use this set and would recommend going with another , less complicated series .
 I am so sorry I wasted my money . The cover is so decieving . It looks all clean and up beat and fun . It is nothing like the cover . It seemed a bunch of religous mumbo jumbo . I tried to watch it several times but finally threw it away . I could ' t get to the exercise though the junk ! I would n't have given it one star but the rating system had to start some where . Thanks for letting me get that off my chest .
 this is the worst exercise dvd i have ever wasted my money buying . The girls are total dorks and annoy the crap out of me , the whole exercise program was unbelievable i ca n't describe how bad this dvd is . Save your money and buy Brian Kest instead , yes he can be abit of a dork too but his workout are awesome . The dancing section they have on their dvd prove that they are not dancers the choregraphy is terrible . I absolutely hated this product that i threw it away .
 I am very dissatisfied with this product . The infomercial does not give a true overview of the system . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is trying to lose weight . It might be helpful to someone who is trying to maintain . It was just as boring as other workout tapes . I am looking for something more upbeat . I think I will pull out Sweatin ' with the Oldies !
 If you enjoy yoga for fitness but not for its religious aspects , then this prbably is n't for you . Prepare to spend a lot of time breathing out fear , repeating mantras and intentions , envisioning light flowing into you from the universe , etc. . I 'm not trying to critique others ' beliefs , but they should let you know in the ads that this aspect is so prominent in what is supposed to be a workout video.I 'm a fairly advanced user , very active with a lot of cardio and yoga experience . I would not recommend this for beginners - it 's hardly a workout , but the moves are confusing . The camera work is terrible , with narcissitic close-ups when they should be showing you moves . You often ca n't see what they 're doing & the verbal cues are useless . Whether they call the workout hip-hop or caberet , the music is always non-stop Indian drumming with no variety among 4 workouts . There are a lot of better yoga and cardio workouts out there .
 I have never submitted a review up until now but felt compelled to warn others to avoid this ridiculous video set . I have a large collection of fitness DVDs and always workout at home and this one is by far the worst . I like to have fun and workout at the same time so I thought I 'd give this one a try . Not only are the instructors some of the most annoying I 've ever seen -LRB- constantly making weird noises `` Wah wah '' and giving useless instructions `` make it funky '' -RRB- , it seems like a crime to call it a `` workout '' . The main video has several extremely short segments with spastic dancing , simplistic ballet moves , and weights . Unfortunately , just as you felt you were starting to workout , it switched to a new segment . Plus , they do n't tell you when purchasing the DVD that you will need a special `` squeeze ball '' that does n't come with the kit -LRB- you have to send away for it -RRB- . The other two DVDs are Live dance segments that are very unrefined . The only way I can see anyone getting any type of workout is if you do n't normally do much so a bit of bouncing around does the trick.All in all , I would say do n't waste your money.A great other option that I love for a fun workout day is Dance off the Inches
 Moves were impossible to follow -- way too complicated . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I hardly burned any calories . I kind of liked the basic workout . My only complaint there is the section where you use weights I have to vary the pounds b/c obviously a bicep curl with 3 pounds just will not do any good whatsoever . That was annoying to have to switch out . I did not like the advanced workout and I also tried some of the other workouts and they were just too `` dancy '' for me . I prefer turbo jam or tae bo .
 I bought this workout series directly from Beach Body after succumbing to the informercial , which made it sound like a combination of dance and yoga . basically I was expecting good choreographies for the cardio part , ballet-inspired moves and maybe power yoga for toning and yoga stretches for the cooldown.Boy , was I wrong.What I got was this strange mix of new age , odd `` dance '' routines with lots of silly moves -LRB- supposed to be fun but I felt riduculous -RRB- , boring old weight lifting but `` light weights and high reps so you do n't bulk up '' -LRB- boy I did n't think anyone fell for that anymore -RRB- with a few short segments featuring good moves , but way too short and too few . On top of it , the style really didi n't appeal to me
 Yoga Booty Ballet Complete Workout SystemIf you are expecting a mostly dance workout or a workout where you wo n't need to get on the floor and do situps then this is not the workout for you . This could have been my mistake , but I did n't think I would be spending long periods of time sqatting , doing leg lifts , and doing situps while squeezing a ball . Those are all the same exercises I 've been told to do for ages and I hate them but they 're here in Yoga Booty Ballet . One of the DVDs is more of a herky jerky dance dvd , but it all leads back to the same old exercises at the end . On top of it all , the music is dull and rather off beat most of the time.I believe this workout will produce results if done continually because it IS filled with a lot of the moves we already know to be affective , but this is not a fun , innovative , energy filled dvd . It is just another exercise tape .
 its a lot more yoga than ballet . the two women are really cheesy and like to say groovy . if i had a do-over , i would not buy this again . if youre looking for more of a ballet work out , i found nyc ballet II to be fun and challenging .
 I bought this DVD after trying Turbo Jam off of Beach Body -LRB- cause I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE Turbo Jam !! -RRB- thinking this might be just as good ... boy , was I wrong !! I have taken a couple of yoga classes and this video was SUPER cheesy - nothing like real yoga !! I really wish that I would have been able to sample a little video clip of it on the internet before purchasing . I think it was a waste of money . I would n't recommend it .
 I 've heard people say this is a great workout for when they do n't want to work out . Is that supposed to be a selling point ? These DVDs are best for beginners as far as cardio -LRB- aka , WEIGHT LOSS -RRB- goes . The cardio is corny , over-choreographed suburban-housewives-trying-to-be-hip style foolishness , and is simply not going to challenge you for long because despite all the bopping and vogueing , you 're using almost no muscle strength to execute the moves . On the other hand , most of the yoga seems geared to the intermediate level , and little is offered to those lacking the flexibility , strength , or desire to hold `` down dog . '' The `` ballet '' part consists mostly of a zillion standing rear leg lifts and 2 or 3 calf raises and plies . And this shapes your legs how ?? The ab workouts are too short and easy to make any difference . I resent it when I 'm doing a series of DVDs and I KNOW this is not what the instructors do to look the way they do . Even if you find Yoga Booty Ballet entertaining , I wonder how you 'll feel after a few months when you 're not getting the results you want , and if you 'll get turned off exercise because of it . If you like simple dance moves that make you feel cool and actually work your body , I suggest the Turbo Jam DVDs .
 Typical As Seen On TV quality.Lots of marketing to sign up for other programs and merchandise.Some may really enjoy it , it just was n't for me .
 I bought this because I have turbo jam which I love . I thought this would be good too because it 's by beach body . I was wrong - I did n't like this one at all . I thought the instructors were as cheesy as the title , the moves were weird and not easy to follow . I 've taken many different yoga classes and this seemed like they made up they 're own version . Would NOT recommend .
 If you are looking for a Yoga , Ballet and yes , even booty-licious workout , I recommend you buy three different workouts instead of YBB . Yogis are literally rolling over in their graves at these ladies . This is so typical nowadays , to find irreverence in everything . I would suggest renting this before buying . I rented and am so glad I did . My eyes were rolling the whole time and many of the cardio `` booty '' workouts are just awful -- literally ridiculous . The changes they make to moves and the speed they start at in the intro video might actually injure someone less limber . There are way better videos out there , for less money too -- these ladies just have better marketing behind them .
 Thankfully I tried out this workout collection by renting it first ! The infomercials are so deceiving to me as to what you really get . The cardio is an absolute joke . Basically you flail your arms around while doing what they call `` getting funky . '' I 'll give it to them that the yoga is a nice stretch , but you have to listen to them talk about mudras and other strange nonsense that I found off-putting in a workout DVD . I was looking for more of a variety in my workout , which sparked my interest in YBB . I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 I ordered JOHNNY LEGEND 'S DEADLY DOUBLES VOL 2 because a previous commentator wrote that themanufacturer had stopped sending out defective copies with no sound for Murder in the Red Barn.Not so . Fortunately the seller -LRB- not the manufacturer -RRB- is refunding my money.BUYER BEWARE ! THERE SEEMS TO BE NO WAY TO BE SURE YOU 'LL GET A PROPER COPY .
 I PLAYED THIS DISC ON THREE DIFFERENT DVD PLAYERS DENNON , PIONEER , SAMSUNG . NO SOUND ON MURDER IN THE RED BARN . THE FACE IN THE WINDOW DOES HAVE SOUND . THIS IS THE FALT of THE COMPANY THAT PRODUCED IT and IT 'S LACK of QUALITY CONTROL .
 dvd was not in a re sale condition , the rating is less than a 25 % , dvd was too scratch to watch on any kind of dd player
 This is a film I remember fondly , but was very disappointed with this transfer -LRB- from 905 Entertainment -RRB- ; the colours are faded and the soundtrack very coarsened and almost unlistenable - indeed , the very opening of Vaughan Williams ' superlative score has been clipped in this version . There 's now a far superior transfer available from Optimum Classic as part of their Easling Studios Collection - on sale from amazon.co.uk
 This 905 edition of Scott of the Antarctic should be withdrawn from sale by Amazon immediately . The picture looks like it has been taken from a VHS tape , by an operator holding a shaky hand held camera . The sound is tinny to the extreme . There is no need to tolerate a film issued in this poor quality . The Optimum Classic version shows how well the film has survived , with beautiful vibrant colour and excellent sound to do justice to the Vaughan Williams score .
 I have seen this DVD and the script and characters are absolutely first rate . However the DVD quality of the picture is very poor.We are going to Antarctica this November and it does give you a great background for the history of Antarctic exploration .
 I would have given it more stars if they had made the price a little lower . But it was a great PPV .
 Watched this movie on TCM . Lot 's of stars , but not much in the way of believeability . But , it 's apparently true , after being sentenced to death and then having his sentence commuted , Mr. Resko was paroled after only serving 17 years ?! As far as the move goes , it appears to be an old TV video . The lighting really sucks . If another director had done the same movie with the same scenes and the same dialogue , but changed the camera angles and lighting , it could have been a great movie .
 This is the WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE !!!! My best friend and i decided to view this movie for free on Netflix ... we read the description and it sounded awesome -LRB- descriptions can be deceiving !! -RRB- Okay ... the three people on the cover arent in the movie , its so low budget you can hardly understand it , the two lesbians end up with guys ... its just awful unbelievable unbearable just terrible !! DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY ... get a bootleg or something !!
 It has been years since watching this movie so I did n't remember a lot about it except that it was funny . I felt that there was way too much violence and swearing in the movie and would cringe each time since my kids were watching it !
 It is unfortunate that a good film was in poor quality . The top and bottom of the movie was chopped off . The only reason I did not send this back was my grandson wanted it so bad . I will be ordering another copy for Walmart , FYE or Toys R Us
 Yes , I feel cheated . Nowadays , when you buy a dvd labelled `` widescreen '' you should be getting anamorphic widescreen , not a letterboxed 4:3 image . Anything less than anamorphic and yet still labelled `` widescreen '' is a ripoff . That includes this DVD.To add insult to injury , the picture quality of this version is exceptionally poor and has the appearance of having been dubbed directly from an old VHS tape.I am referring to the Twentieth Century Fox 1999 DVD release in these comments .
 I never bought into the Culkin hype . Here , he is cute , but not a good actor . His line readings are flat , and I sometimes had a hard time understanding what he was saying . The movie 's much ballyhooed violence is indeed extreme . The Three Stooges did the same kind of thing with finesse , just funny slapstick that did not leave a mark and you knew was done in jest . Here , Pesci and Stern go through so much I felt myself getting numbed to the consequences . This is just Hollywood fodder wrapped up for the masses ; the kind of movie you can turn your brain off and the VCR on . The best scenes here were the ones involving O'Hara and Candy ; Rest In Peace , John .
 the dvd did not work in any player in our house ~ two players were brand new . i received a message that said `` invalid disc '' each time . i will be returning this dvd .
 Do n't buy this thinking you are getting a Director 's Cut . You get the movie with rambling talking over the whole movie . Normally when you buy something like this , it includes one disc with the actual movie and another disc with the director 's cut as well as out takes , etc. . If you want the movie - do n't buy this ! SUCH A BUMMER !
 I do n't want to sound like a party-pooper here , and yes I will admitt the film has some really funny bits in it . But overall , the extremely violent segments in the second half of the film detract from it as appropriate viewing for young people.I think many children -LRB- as well as most adults -RRB- will be disturbed by Joe Pesci 's head being barbequed by an acetylene blow torch rigged up as a booby-trap . Or another scene , where the other criminal is lured into stepping -LRB- in bare feet , no less -RRB- on a 6 inch long nail is drawn out with sadistic relish.Most who disagree with me will note that the characters are presented as cartoon-like . But the fact remains the actors are real people and not animated images , and the visual effects are done with a very high degree of realism.That the protagonist is himself a victum of child abuse -LRB- being left alone -RRB- is a bit disturbing in itself . The violence he inflicts on others is only an acting out of the resentment and rage he fosters towards his parents.In summary , I do n't feel this film is good for young people , and I do n't think it 's good for the holiday season .
 I could tell as soon as I picked this dvd up that something was broken inside . When I opened it I found that the little piece that holds the dvd in place was broken and the dvd was just sliding all around in the case . The dvd is scratched up pretty bad but I have not tried playing it yet . Anyone else that handled that dvd would have heard that something was moving around inside the case and that is not a good sign .
 If that kid screamed one more time , I really might have had to hurt him . I truly did n't like this movie - but it 's just me . I do n't care for The Three Stooges , either , and this was just like one of their skits
 Sent as a gift . Althought I thought I had type in a message to go with it they did n't even know who sent it !!! Thanks
 Home Alone is a really cute movie that the little kids will love . I loved it when I was 8 , 9 , but now ? I 'm wiser and a lot more aware . This movie is another scam , throw in a cute little boy , give a ridiculous plot and grown men burglars for him to overcome , and you 've got the little kids prasing . That 's fine . But once you 're older , no.First off , this movie is so unrealistic that it 's annoying . Give me all of the unhelpful votes you want ... I really do n't care .1 -RRB- McCallister 's -LRB- Mccauley Caulken -RRB- parents forget him ? How can you forget him on a vacation ? Sure , there are lots of people but how could someone forget their own son ? Talk about a dysfunctional family . WOW2 -RRB- McCallister is 8yrs old . Yet somehow , he is smarter than a professional scientist . He can outsmart 2 grown men ? How is he so smart ? He makes an idiot out of them using his super smart techniques . I mean , seriously , rewatch the movie and look at EVERYTHING HE DOES ! Wow , I 'm a real idiot compared to this genius kid . His parents should enroll him in college . He looks ready .3 -RRB- I know that this happens in the 2nd one but I 'm not going to waste my time writing a review for this . McCallister drops a brick off a huge building on one of the burglar 's heads . WOW . The burglar falls over and gets right up while McCallister is giggling like a moron . He would be dead ! This is idiotic stuff that makes little kids think that they could do that in real life . Oh , and little McCallister would n't be giggling , he 'd be facing some serious charges , I do n't care how old he is.Yet somehow , this idiotic movie is one of the highest grossing movies of all time . And we 've got grownups on this site prasing it . Should have this movie won 200 + million dollars ? Should have Hosue of Sand and Fog have won 17 million ? This is absolutely ridiculous but this shows how America works . Mr. and Mrs. Smith and The War of the Worlds and other movies like this are the ones that make these insanely high numbers .
 I had a better time watching `` Home Alone '' in the theater way back when than just about any movie since . Not that I LIKED the movies , heavens no . No , see , I went to see this movie wih a lady friend and I thought it was totally awful . Culkin was insufferable , Pesci and Stern so annoying that I wanted to call and fire their agents , and John Hughes so ... John Hughesian . Of course the movie made like $ 200 million and spawned two sequels I would n't watch unless you duct-taped me to a chair.No , what made it so fun was going to see it a SECOND time . I told 2 friends how incredibly awful this movie was and , insulting my fine-tuned sense of humor , said they wanted to see it right away 'cause if I did n't like it , it was probably hilarious . So I dared them and they double dared me and off we went to the SuperSaver theaters -LRB- I was n't giving Hughes any more of my cash than I had to -RRB- . It only took 5 minutes for my buddies to realize that this movie was really a horror show . Once that happened we were all able to enjoy ourselves . All through the movie we made loud and pointed comments to the screen , making up dialogue and begging Pesci to smack Culkin over the head with something heavy and be done with him . The best part was , no one in the theater found us annoying or told us to shut the -LRB- deleted -RRB- up . Instead , everyone -LRB- well , 15 folks or so -RRB- laughed with us and joined in the fun . And that 's why , I think , that the movie was such a huge hit -- people hated it so much , it was so nauseating , that people went to see it again just to insult everyone and everything about it . It 's just a theory , but I think there 's some evidence.But life is short and one extra viewing of `` Home Alone '' was enough for me . I 've never seen it since and never will again unless someone does the duct-tape thing to me . But for two blissful hours I had a grand time hating this godawful movie . Definitely worth my two bucks .
 I purchased what was labeled a Widescreen -LRB- 16x9 aspect ratio -RRB- DVD of Home Alone.What I received was a 4x3 version with the top and bottom of the frame chopped off.I was able to verify this with my 4x3 VHS tape version of Home Alone . The transfer to DVD was so poor it had barely a sharper picture than my VHS.It 's a shame such a fine film should be butchered for what is otherwise a decent medium.It 's bad enough that the left and right side of the frame is chopped off for the 4x3 version and most widescreen versions with an aspect ratio of 1.85:1 , but to further cut off the top and bottom is a disgrace .
 This is a great movie . We always watch it around the holidays . However , the picture quality on this DVD is terrible . I think the VHS version is better . They should really go back and redo the digital version .
 Dont get me wrong . I didnt give 2 stars to the movie , i gave 2 stars for the DVD!Home Alone smashed box offices with an unexpected christmas story of a kid who accidently finds himself alone at home . Now every one shoudl have seen it by now , and most of the people who loved the film as like me already have it on VHS anyway . right?So why does one of the most succsesfull and popular movies of all time get a poor treatment when it comes to putting it onto DVD ? It comes in widescreen , and a trailer , and subtitiles , and thats all !!! ITS NOT EVEN IN SURROUND SOUND !!!!!!!! -LRB- 5 . ! -RRB- I remember when the first two movies came out I watched behind the scenes things about the movie on TV and I remember them talking specidly on the second film about how it wasnt shot at christmas and how they used fake snow , and the pigeons wernt real , and Daniles saying he was the guy in charge of the comedy , and if he didnt find somthign funny , it was his desicion ... . so WHERE ARE THOSE FEATURETTES ???????? For anyone who dosent care for bonus features , then pick this movie up , youll love it . But if your like me , and do enjoy bonus features , then this movie has been abused !!!!! No bonus features ? Not in surround sound ? No featurettes ? which i know for sure exsist . Dont you think a smash hit like this movie , which is without a doubht one of the most popular movies of all time , should have had better treatment as a DVD ? I think they have done a poor job with this DVD and had better realese a speichel edition one day to justify what a poor effert they have done with this DVD for such a great movie .
 ... because it kept stalling . We have n't had this issue with other movies from Amazon Prime Instant Video . Very disappointed . Not worth the 2.99 rental fee .
 The movie would not stream . Not the first time to have this problem with Amazon Instant Video . And yes , I updated all the computer settings , etc. etc. .
 Well , most everyone already knows this adorable family friendly movie . It 's wonderful , which is why I bought it ! However I bought this for our family to enjoy together and the blu-ray skips in the same spot everytime . It freezes on the screen and you miss 4 minutes of the good action where the robbers are trying to get in the house . Very disapointing , I 'm going to see how much it costs to ship it back . Unfortuantely for $ 10 it 's probably not worth the hassle or shipping costs .
 I just happened to see this again after 25 + years since my 6 year old wanted to see it . We chose to watch it because we both had just watched -LRB- for free -RRB- &#34; Home Alone 3 &#34; -- which I thought would surely be total junk . The odd thing is -- we both really liked the &#34; third installment . &#34; It was ridiculous -- hilariously ridiculous . We both howled with laughter . It 's a &#34; total cartoon . &#34; Now -- you may dismiss my review , but I am here to tell you that my 6 year old felt the same way . He LOVED &#34; Home Alone 3 , &#34; but &#34; Home Alone , &#34; downloaded for $ 3.99 , was ho-hum in contrast . The movie always aggravated me with its gratuitous &#34; Ahhhhhhhh &#34; from Culkin , but its biggest offense is that it tries to be a cartoon and real movie at the same time . I 'm sorry , but I feel one has to choose sides . Clearly , we preferred the slapstick nonsense of the third movie to the overall &#34; important &#34; nonsense of the first one .
 Even though my daughter and I do enjoy watching Home Alone the VHS tape was in bad shape , It made a grinding sound when played and broke my VHS player . I was refunded for the movie and the movie was thrown in the trash . It was disappointing because I had to buy a brand new VHS/DVD player which costed me $ 150 dollars and also because I really wanted my daughter to own that movie , I guess next time I do n't buy any more vhs tapes off of amazon .
 I gave this DVD to my son a couple of days before Christmas Eve for us to watch as a family . After putting it in the blu ray player , all we got was a blank screen . Very disappointing . We put in other DVDs and blu rays to see if they worked and everything else played fine . I contacted amazon to send a replacement and unfortunately it came after Christmas . When we got around to playing the replacement , it too had the same issues . We immediately tried playing other DVDs and blu rays to rule out any possible issues with our player and everything else played perfectly . I think the manufacturer is at fault and is producing faulty discs .
 I ordered this in HD and paid the extra for it but it was not in HD the picture quality was as bad as a cheap DVD or a pretty good VHS .
 The language was too &#34; coarse &#34; for my 5year old grandson . His parents turned it off after the first exchange of &#34; bad talk &#34; .
 They Crawl ? They put you to sleep ! The pace of this movie makes it unwatchable . I 'm not a big fan of bug movies anyway because who can eat anything while bugs are running all over the people on the screen?Not many bugs to worry about in this movie anyway . Not many good characters , storylines , scary or funny stuff.If you have They Crawl on a VHS tape you can put a small piece of tape over that spot on the side of it and record something you might watch again off of your television .
 It seems to be a nice cockroach buggie creepie-crawlie show , but it turns out to be this extremely BORING detective movie . The majority of the movie is a stupid criminal investigation . Hardly any roaches in it . BOOORRRING . The entire movie crawls slowly and it 's hard to keep your interest . Mostly dialogue . Dullsville.If you have insomnia , watch it .
 I was hoping for a good grade B movie but this flick takes itself much too seriously for that . Most of the film is just plain boring , stupid and unrealistic police investigative procedural , until about three whacking moments at the end , which are not enough to make up for having to sit through the other 85 minutes.Genius college student Brian -LRB- `` Bean '' -RRB- Gage is killed in an explosion that is written off by the police as a crystal meth lab explosion . However , brother Ted Gage , an Army Ranger who is under court martial , thinks there 's more involved . The film mostly covers a bunch of boring investigation by Ted and LAPD Detective O'Bannon that in itself does n't hold up well enough to classify it as a good suspense movie . For instance , if the police are so convinced that the explosion was the result of a crystal meth lab explosion , why did n't they search the place thoroughly enough to find the suspiciously encrypted computer files that Bean left behind ? And why did n't they question Bean 's colleagues at the university ? Would n't you think the police would be interested in tracking down information left behind by the operator of a crystal meth lab?But no , the police are more concerned about a freak accident involving a bus driver who was attacked and killed by roaches . The movie plods along . Gage and O'Bannon take forever to come to obvious conclusions . The roach scenes are so obviously CGI that there is no believability factor there . The few people who are killed , die very cleanly - no blood , no gore.This is n't even a fun movie to make fun of as the characters , dialogue , situation and plot are just so stupid . If Ted Gage is an army ranger , why is he such a lousy fighter ? If O'Bannon knows she is going into a warehouse that she expects is infested with killer roaches , why does she take an automatic rifle instead of a giant can of Raid ? Why does it take the captive professor so long to cut the duct tape binding his hands when O'Bannon drops the knife right into his hands , and why does he continue sitting there after he finally cuts himself free ? There are so many why 's in this movie that it is ridiculous.Forget this flick , if you want to see a good Grade B about insects , get The Swarm . if you want to see a good detective flick , then get The Bone Collector . Just do n't get this movie , unless you are looking for something to put you to sleep .
 this is a useless film , not even good for a laugh . The roaches only get a little screen time here . It 's mostly talking . no real babes here either , if that 's what you 're after .
 Ok , now you would think this would be about killer cockroaches and how terrifying it is to be eaten by bugs . -LRB- Warning spoilers ahead -RRB- ... You have explosions here , explosions there , and gun fights , and drama , and lots and lots of talking , and high tech computer equipment getting trashed . What about the bugs you ask ? well lets see , you see them in action only a few times , and they kill 4 people , 3 you do n't even see the bugs touch the people , and the last well , is so badly computer generated it was n't even worth rewinding to get a better look . The film itself is excellent quality , not low budget at all . The cover art , looks like some re-re-re-release rehash of some 1960 's sci-fi embarassment newly released . ...
 I will admit that the reason I wanted ot see this film is not so much because Asia Argento is in it bt because Michael Madsen is in it . His portrayals of bad guys has always fascinated me and I was curious to find out what he has for the audience to show this time around . As it turns out , we see more of Asia Argento who struts around in her underwear baring some impressive tatoos . To some she may seem sexy , to me she looks wasted , tired and trashy . Her character Sandra and Madsen 's character Myles know each other from her not so distant past . She is a prostitute providing kinky sex to her high end clientele . Myles hires her to provide services for his business clients and she accepts it in hopes Myles will pay her $ 1M so she can open a club in Beijing and start a new life . But of course , Myles never pays out and Sandra tries her luck in selling drugs . When that business goes wrong too , she resigns to becoming assasin in hopes to get a payout that will allow her start anew . In any case , plot becomes confusing , Sandra seems to be ready to sleep with any man that comes along in hopes to get that final payout . One can not but think that her character should just stick to what she does best - `` be a prostitute because that is the only thing you are good at , honey '' . I have totally missed this movie and the mening of it , until I realized perhaps this is just a film about globalization - French call girl , providing services in England who hopes to start her own busienss in China . Now we are talking a plot . Employ this woman 's best asset - her body - and we have a real business woman boarding gate at any international airport . How original .
 Michael Madsen kinda made watchen it a chore , is voice can hardly be heard ... find it hard to hear with the volume cranked up ... you mite need a Michael Madsen translator?the story is a little to basic , found it hard to stay awake , not worth watchen twice . . rent if you want to ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzz .
 This flick looked kinda sexy and part of it was to have taken place in Hong Kong ! Unfortunately this B grade casts ' leaden delivery etc. . . -LRB- some idiotic lines delivered by Michael Madsen -RRB- forced me to grab the remote and hit STOP ! I never even made it to HK . Do yourself a favor . Stay away from this one .
 i bought the movie and my unbox video player locks up and gives me a windows error reporting , avoid this movie .
 Just so you know , Asia Argento only spends about eight minutes total screen time in black lingerie . If that 's your main reason for watching this movie , adjust your expectations accordingly . `` Boarding Gate '' is a highbrow version of a straight to video erotic thriller whose main appeal -LRB- beyond the aforementioned lingerie -RRB- lies in its odd juxtaposition of artsy sheen and pulpy core . The plot is a deliberately unfleshed out contraption involving a love affair gone bad , deadly double crosses , and sinister `` corporate '' intrigue that will be risible to anyone who has ever had an office job . Even more so than in in most noir , this is just a pretext for an extended exercise in style , or actually two exercises . The first half of the movie is a kinky pas de deux between Argento 's Sandra , a prostitute/industrial spy and her former lover Miles -LRB- Michael Madsen -RRB- , a down on his luck financier with whom she remains inexplicably obsessed . -LRB- After this movie , Asia Argento 's status as an object of desire among pudgy fifty year old guys will be set in stone . -RRB- Despite a constant background hum of preposterousness , their meandering confrontations are well done , and the French cinema flourishes seem entirely appropriate window dressing for what is basically a long softcore tease . Then there 's a twist , and `` Boarding Gate '' shifts gears into a protracted chase through the streets of Hong Kong . -LRB- `` It becomes a B-movie , '' Argento says with winning candor in the DVD extras . -RRB- The cinematography is striking in this half -- director Olivier Assayas has a flair for neon cityscapes -- but a chase scene is a chase scene , and this one overstays its welcome.For some , I imagine the movie 's insistence on its own wised-up sophistication -- the big city glamor of Paris and Hong Kong , Brian Eno on the soundtrack , and the stunt casting of Kim Gordon as a shady corporate player -LRB- a mistake
 My husband and I only watched this because of the provocative DVD cover and lived to regret it . Sure , Asia Argento looks sexy on the cover , giving the impression that this is some sort of sexy thriller . It really is neither - the sexy bits are all kind of fuzzy , and some of the sexy scenes end up being more brutal than sexy , and as for the thriller part , the meandering script adds more to one 's confusion than answer questions.The basic plot - Argento plays Sandra , an ex-hooker who has a sordid history with financier , Miles -LSB- Michael Madsen -RSB- who is based in Paris . Sandra needs money to buy herself a new life running a club partnership in Beijing , and this causes her to re-enter Miles ' life as well as an Asian couple , Lester and Sue -LSB- Carl Ng and Kelly Lin -RSB- . A tryst gone wrong ends with an unexpected murder and Sandra finds herself on the run - taking off to Hong Kong where even more plot intrigues abound and the movie itself becomes a derailed mess.There is even an appearance by Kim Gordon -LSB- of Sonic Youth -RSB- here - quite memorable if only because she is spewing Cantonese . At various points in the movie , we not only get an earful of English -LSB- and badly spoken English at times -RSB- , but also French and Cantonese.As for eroticism , yes , there is a bit of that in the sex scenes between Sandra and Miles / Sandra and Lester - but the chemistry really is n't very credible . What is credible though is Asia Argento 's performance - she portrays a troubled woman convincingly , one who is able to exude a sense of the erotic whilst appearing demented . She really should be in better movies -LSB- not B-graders like this -RSB- . Final verdict
 The greatest thing about `` Boarding Gate '' is its poster . Whoever made the poster and DVD jacket of the film knows the film 's only merit
 Some mysterious signal gets into every TV , radio , and phone - and drives its listeners into a murderous frenzy , or at least into into some dissociative state . Lots of red stuff spatters and , once spattered , stays . For some reason , people -LRB- even in this post-HIV era -RRB- never think to wipe it off.Fans of psycho-splatter flicks will like this flick . I just wish I knew one to recommend it to . All others should see something else . I do n't know how it ends , since I left half way through . I have n't done that in a LONG time . I guess the practice was good for me . -- wiredweird
 the movie promised much and delivered nothing !! Two stars for the actors who did a good job with a lousy scenario and plot .
 I was looking forward to this movie when I read about it , but after seeing it I was disappointed . It started out good but then slowly became boring and uninteresting . The beginning and end are really good but the middle just slows down too much and becomes convoluted . It could have been 20 minutes shorter and would have been better . You could tell each of the 3 portions was directed by a different person .
 This movie is really bad . There is no real story , a mysterious signal is transmitted through phones and TVs and drive pepole to violence , and that is all it is , no plot , no nothing just endless violence . There is no explanation for what is going on and the movie is just bad . Also the mix of bloody violence and goofy humor that can be good , is done horrible here . The movie failed to entertain me in any way . Some pepole may like this becouse it is indy , some seam to think anything indy is automatically good but in truth this movie is trash and nothing else .
 I do n't know if this is the worst film of the decade , but it 's certainly in the top 5 . What a let down . I had not viewed this picture before buying the DVD , wish I had , could have saved $ 18.99 . It 's even more now ! I love GOOD SCI-FI , and this is unbelievably BAD SCI-FI . If you 've seen this movie an want to buy it , good for you , but , if you 've been waiting for the DVD release to see it , do yourself a favor and rent it first , you may decide it 's better not to clutter your collection with this stinker !
 Well , just got thru watching the signal and now I understand why it never came out in theaters . The story goes like this
 I will stop buying Blu-ray movies , until I can rent/view them . I think this movie and another -LRB- About a monster in manhattan -RRB- were done by amateur people or very , very low budgeted . That was money down the drain .
 Bad movie , bad plot bad everything . watched 5 minutes and literally threw it in the garbage . I did not even bother reselling it because no one would want it .
 This movie had a lot of possibilities but feel flat in the end . I think it was an interested concept very similar to Pontypool from 2008 but not as good . I just do n't like how when it 's directed they get you so confussed at where it 's going that you wonder at the end if it was real or made up in your head ? Hard to follow and almost a Dark Comedy in my opinion.Not very well done ...
 Bad Acting , Poor plot , Over-Directed , Over-done gore , Pointless from beginning to end.The worse movie Ive ever seen , because it had potential to be a lot better.The acting is really horrible from beginning to end and the multi-directing leaves the movie all over the place with too many inconsistencies -LRB- I.E During the first 40 minutes seemingly main important-to-the-plot characters are dropping dead like flies and everyone is quickly being killed in a fake-blood gorefest , then the rest of the movie is different in that the plot tries to tighten itself up by slowing down , throwing dialogue in , focusing on one kill scene for about 10 minutes , and the few main characters still alive are just left to squabble , fight each other , die , come back , die again , and come back again to grace us further with more poor acting -RRB- For me the movie fails big by over doing the false idea that making tense horror means dumbing down ALL the characters , except for the slow moving antagonists , and making the protagonists -LRB- characters you like -RRB- overly vulnerable until the very final showdown scene where they somehow all of a sudden become graceful intelligent butterflies from the clumsy , clueless moths they were the very scene before.I 'm also very disappointed that the movie search engine recommended this movie to me based on the much better movies that this one ripped off that Ive seen lately . See the Shaun Of the Dead movie for a much much better horror comedy . Even the somewhat better , but still bad , Right At Your Door instead for that modern horror appeal . 28 Days Later is also ripped off by this movie and would be a much better way to spend your time , even if you seen those movies before.I DO NOT Recommend this movie at all ! 0 stars ! Waste of complete time !
 This movie could have been so much better than it was . Not sure why so many people gave this movie such high praise . I guess they were not sober while watching it . The first third of the movie held my attention and although it was very similar to 28 days/weeks , the angle was different and interesting and had you wanting to know what the hell the signal was.The second part of film was utter nonesense and a waste of time . It was trying too hard to be a horror comedy like `` The Cottage . '' It was so predictible . Yawn . Anyone that likes this part of the movie , has obviously not seen enough horror comedy movies -LRB- Shaun of the Dead -RRB- because this part was not original in the slightest and not worth watching at all.The third part felt misplaced , as if this director wanted it to be genius like `` Memento '' or something . Sorry , it just was n't working . In the end , the Signal was meaningless . The Movie never told you where the signal came from , why it existed , or why should we care?I really wanted to like this moving , especailly since the begining was rather good , but I ca n't in good consicous recommend this film . You would be better served to rent the individual DVDs of 28 Weeks Later , The Cottage or Shaun of the Dead , and Memento on their own .
 A hynotizing signal over the airwaves , telephones , etc. makes people crazed psychopathic killers , everyone is killing everyone , but amazingly a few survive to stretch out this stinkeroo for way toolong . If Stephen King 's `` Cell ' '' is supposed to be like this-forget it too , ... I will bet `` Cell '' is better.Did not recognize any actors . they all were way too dramatic and bad . This DVD belongs in the trashcan.I tried very painfully to watch this movie , and my brother sat there also , . . we both thought it hurled.Will never watch it again . Whatever reviews say that this is a good watch belong in the cast of thisstinker film .
 The actors were fantastic but the film itself contained too much blood , gore and senseless killing . Purchase only if you love blood and killing in films .
 This movie has no meaning or story to tell except beating and killing each other for no reason from start to end .
 This is the WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE !!!! My best friend and i decided to view this movie for free on Netflix ... we read the description and it sounded awesome -LRB- descriptions can be deceiving !! -RRB- Okay ... the three people on the cover arent in the movie , its so low budget you can hardly understand it , the two lesbians end up with guys ... its just awful unbelievable unbearable just terrible !! DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY ... get a bootleg or something !!
 MY FAULT THIS ONE I GAVE IT AWAY IT 'S THE THE MOVIE I THOUGHT IT WAS.SO IT 'S MY FAULT AND I DID NOT WATCH IT ALL THE WAY THROUGH .
 Brother and sister Jeffrey -LRB- George Hamilton -RRB- and Sarah -LRB- Lucianna Paluzzi , who had a long career until this movie with movies that included the James Bond film `` Thunderball '' and the science fiction B-movie `` The Green Slime '' - which I liked because it was so corny -RRB- are dead on a yacht . The movie then flashes back to how the two got where they are.The plot of this movie is nice and simple . Jeffrey owes money to Angelo who borrowed the money from the mob . Everyone knows that people like these `` encourage '' repayment of loans . The only way Jeffrey can repay Angelo is with money inherited from his father . However , Jeffrey 's father wrote a new will before his death and Jeffrey faces the possibility that his father might have disinherited Jeffrey . Suddenly , people who could have knowledge of the will 's location start turning up dead.The bulk of the movie bounces around , trying to develop characters without giving away the details of the ending for as long as possible . One problem I had was that the movie just succeeds in being boring . Sure , there are some bloody scenes and even moments of tension , but the movie is unable to sustain any sort of tension for very long and I longed for the movie to end . Another problem I had was that Jeffrey was not a sympathetic character . George Hamilton has never been one of my favorite actors and the level of his obnoxiousness in this movie hardly commends him as any sort of hero . Sadly , the only thing the end of this movie did for me was to cause me to say `` hurray , '' I can watch something that I hope will be better.One thing that seemed weird to me is the relationship that Jeffrey and Sarah had . The movie did its best to show that Jeffrey and Sarah 's love was more than the love of a brother and a sister for each other . You watch , you decide.Some side notes
 A collegue of mine has correctly pointed out on several occassions that , despite what many may claim , film-making -LRB- script-writing , cinematography , etc. -RRB- and comic book writing/illustrating are NOT at all similar.Having attempted to watch ` Demonatrix , ' I think I have at least one piece of concrete evidence -LRB- other than my collegues personal experience -RRB- to support that claim . I eventually started shuttling through some of the more excrutiating sequences , although I did make it all the way from the opening credits to the end credits by doing so . -RRB- As a filmmaker , Everette Hartsoe makes a damn fine packager/creator of comic books!Normally , I do n't bother posting slams of Z-grade flicks like this one -- when we buy them , we 're expecting schlock , so unless there 's something surprising to point out ripping on them does n't do anyone any good . But the summary of the film , coupled with my knowledge of ` Razor ' and other comic book titles that bear Hartsoe 's name suckered me in . I purchased every issue of ` Full Metal Fiction ' and enjoyed them all , and I 'm glad I got them before watching ` Demonatrix . ' I might have assumed that they were as bad as this flick.The decription posted by Amazon.com is an accurate plot summary , but that said plot only accounts for about 15-20 minutes of running time . -LRB- And that portion is marred by badly delivered , poorly scripted dialogue -- although , it probably would work just fine if featured in baloons on a comic book page -- costumes so cheap that they add unintentional humour to the film , and actors and actresses that would give amateur theatre a bad name . What 's more , there are annoying dissolves created by using a standard feature ` white out ' feature on home video cameras without any further editing of said sections . -RRB- The rest of the film is taken up by unappealing simulated sex and masturbation scenes set to second-rate metal music .
 whats the point of asking customers to write a review if you do n't intend to show it ? I wrote a review on this movie because I thought the previous reviews were misleading . In my review I stated in not so many words how awful the movie was . Glancing through the reviews again today all I can see is reviews written by individual who thought it was pretty marvellous ... I actually bought this movie based on these reviews ... my lost of course . Money not well spent .
 I liked the first `` so little time '' tape . In this one I barly laughed . The stories just reapeated themselves . Im not saying I dont like the twins , but the script was alittle lame this time .
 I usually stay clear of anything with Val Kilmer . The trailer for this one looked so good that I had to investigate.I 'm sorry to report that The Salton Sea reeks of many far better films . Trainspotting . Memento . Pulp Fiction . True Romance . Drugstore Cowboy . Boogie Nights.I do n't blame Kilmer . He 's actually quite good for once . The problem is a film with little identity of it 's own . A film that is little more than half a dozen cool set pieces strung together with a contrived threadbare plot.Vincent D' Onofrio chews more scenery here than he has in his entire career . Here he plays a menacing drug dealer named Pooh Bear . His nose has desintegrated due to years of drug abuse and he kills enemies by unleashing an oversized rabid badger on their genitalia!As deliciously wacky as this sounds it 's just not enough to carry an entire movie . There is llittle else here besides a few quirky Tarantino inspired characters.Very few men in their early 40s can wear a mohawk as well as Kilmer . He 's surprisingly sexy here.We also get hipsters like Adam Goldberg , Debra Kara Unger , Glen Plummer , Peter Sarsgaard , Luis Guzman and Anthony La Paglia . All get to utter over-cooked P.T Anderson style dialogue.The Salton Sea is a terrifc looking film that -LRB- like most terrific looking film 's -RRB- makes very little sense and is utterly forgettable.Save your money and wait for it 's appearance on cable TV .
 I think parts of this film are brilliant . But Danny Parker 's motivation is just something I ca n't buy . Danny Parker is a crystal head who used to be named Tom . Basically he 's just a poser meth head and he 's only doing it cuz some bad people killed his lame wife.The biggest problem with this flick is that Danny as a character is much more interesting than Tom . I mean he 's all upset because he used to be some whipped yuppie trumpet player with a typical yuppie wife -LRB- who 's about as well written a character as a cover girl for Maxim . I mean if they had a magazine called `` Herbal Tea Pseudo Intellectual Cover Girl '' , this woman would be on the cover -RRB- . So one day she is killed in an unexpected drug shoot out . I mean he should have been happy , cuz let 's face it the man was whipped as whipped can be . He was finally free !! He should have gone and sewn some oats , but NO !! He was so whipped he apparantly ca n't even recover after old tea leaves is gone and has to track down her killers.He even keeps his old yuppie clothes hidden in the closet , and tries them on occassionally . WHY ? I mean yuppie men are not men , they are just like women . They are the most emasculated men on the planet . They drink chai Lattes and wine spritzers . So how can Danny Parker be so upset over that part of his life being over?Danny Parker is sexy and he was tattoos and he 's interesting . He lives on the edge . I just ca n't buy the fact that he is just pining to go back and relive the tampon commercial he used to inhabit with little Miss Bath Beads.They need to reshoot this movie and have Danny fall in love with Pooh Bear and then they shoot up a lot of gak together . It makes more sense and it 's more interesting.If your going to give someone a past , at least give them a past that wo n't repulse everyone in the theater . I swear I thought I was watching a herbal douche ad in the theater . I had to go home and drink beer and put on a Charles Bronson movie . I did n't bathe for a whole week . This film is an affront to all things masculine . Please , destroy it !!
 JUST HOW AMAZING THAT VAL KILMER CAN ALWAYS FINDS HIS WAY INTO LOUSY MOVIES , NOW HE DOES IT AGAIN !
 I could not recommend this film . It glamorizes the life of a `` tweaker '' . The acting is very good , but the subject matter is depressing .
 When I first read a review about The Salton Sea , I could n't wait to see it . I was disapointed when I head the movie had been dropped from numerous theatres after only a few short weeks . Now I know why . This movie could 've been so much better . Kilmer is a bore as usual . Uninteresting characters , and the usual , `` widowed husband seeks revenge '' plotline make this film one of the worst of 2002 . How anyone could take an interesting plot subject such as meth cookers , and the underground methadone trade , and make it completely dull and boring is beyond me . The only reason I gave The Salton Sea two stars instead of one , is because of D'Onofrios ' performance as a noseless meth dealer . Which , as far as D'Onfrio performances go , was lackluster at best .
 This film intrigued me , because I thought that it would be something like Lost Highway or 8mm . I was disappointed Salton Sea lacks the surrealism and the strangeness of David Lynch or the dark territory of 8mm . This film is similar in scope and vision to Remains of the Day , starring another young actor , Balthasar Getty . You will either like or dislike these two films for the same reasons.Both films are more artsy than they are real , and Salton Sea is self-consciously so . Every woman looks like a supermodel , and all three of the female characters either get abused or murdered . The drug induced madness in this film is more theatrically Shakespearean than realistic , as is violence , with characters asking existential answers and giving tough guy answers as they try to whack each other with guns . The film deals with Meth scene and speed freaks , and yet we see no raves or bikers , genuine or not , except an Easy Rider style fellow who cooks himself accidentally while cooking the next . Despite the film 's shortcomings , the villains are credibly evil and realistically portrayed . Onofrio 's performance as a Man Without A Nose is funny and in a couple of skits the film repeats the skits of Oliver Stone and Hannibal Lector . The film 's attitude to realism is best reflected in its portrayal of this Man Without Nose drug dealing character , aka Pooh Bear . In real life there is a biker who lost a part of his nose in a bad highway accident , recovered and went on to become the president of his motorcycle club . In this film the guy loses his nose to an uncontrolled drug habit , life is negative enough , why degrade greatness?Val Kilmer 's sidekick is improbable as a crack head with a heart of gold . The guy is supposed to be both - loyal , trusting , good natured , AND beholden to a crack pipe at the same time . Anybody who personally knows a current or recovering drug addict will not buy it . The film was intended to be satire in the way of Quentin Terentino or Cohen brothers , but it fails miserably and turns into a slapstick comedy . If you want to know what this film is trying to be , I suggest that you see Angel Heart with Mickey Rourke , or if you like to read , try Tapping The Source by Kem Nunn ; you will not be disappointed .
 NEVER ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE ! I NEVER GOT THE MOVIE OR EVEN AN EMAIL BACK WHEN I AS ASKING WHY
 Equal parts `` Pulp Fiction '' and `` Memento '' , `` The Salton Sea '' only reminds us of how artfully assembled those two films are . Val Kilmer does a fairly good job as a mysterious crystal meth addict with an agenda . But his charisma alone does n't illuminate the character . And neither does this clumsy , stumbling screenplay , nor the film 's beautifully shot images . Oh , and though Vincent D'Onofrio -LRB- one of my favorite actors -RRB- does n't actually give a bad performance , he comes so close , it 's almost painful to watch . Verdit
 do n't waste your time and money on this film . val kilmer made this film sound like it was the only film worth watching this year . i 'll just say you 're not missing anything . what was a good story line was turned into mediocre ... it was even fragmented , ... bad directing , ... -LSB- the lead actor -RSB- was trying too hard to be something he was n't . he is n't made for a role like this . ... ...
 I was astonished to see the high marks and strong reviews for this movie . It gets a single star because there is nothing lower offered . Pulp Fiction & Memento ? I do n't see the connection . This was a slow and tedious movie to watch . Several of the plot lines were inane and this was a struggle to sit through . It was obvious the movie tried too hard to be cool - Sexy Beast , Snatch et al are much better movies . I would n't waste your time -LRB- or money -RRB- to see this -LRB- even at the $ movie -RRB- .
 This movie was garbage . It was a pile of ` cool ' camera shots , and ` cool ' ideas for a film that were shoved into a plot . The best way to describe a movie like this is , `` I know let 's throw a narrator in half way through the film ! '' Ideas such as this is how I viewed the ` art ' of this waste of celluloid.Brilliant . ' let 's take all the great ideas we have seen in film and want to do and use them all up on one first time film . '' Fantastic.Rent this movie , do n't buy it yet.try to watch the whole thing to see for yourself the mass quantaties of ` art ' that was put into this film .
 Produced by Frank Darabont and ER 's Eriq La Salle . This film noir stars Val Kilmer as a tattooed dope fiend who may be a nark for the LAPD , but then again he might not be . Why should we care?As soon as Kilmer begins his opening narrative , you know you 're not going to be seeing another SUNSET BLVD. . THE SALTON SEA is stylishly shot ; but then again , it would n't be film noir if it did n't LOOK good would it?Early on a junkie nearly shoots a spear gun through Kilmer 's eye . If only he 'd gone through with it we 'd all have been spared THE SALTON SEA . Even if you manage to watch the entire 100 minutes , you wo n't gain your sealegs . This is n't quite as mind numbingly awful as FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS , but it comes close.Even though the make-up department may be able to paint convincing tattoos on Kilmer 's back they ca n't disguise the fact that the man is -LRB- still -RRB- a lousy actor . Dear God . Save us from more movies this awful . The DVDs extras includes interviews with the cast and crew praising this mind numbing travesty of celluloid . For those of you who are now bored senseless , let 's recap the movies ' supposed plot . Val Kilmer may -LRB- or may not -RRB- be an LAPD nark . Try writing a thesis on this one . Yet again . my review stinks but so does the movie , and it 's not worth wasting my energy reviewing it properly . Counting sheep is more fun than watching this , but then again , you 'd expect a NZer to say that would n't you ?
 This movie is horrible . It 's sloppy . The only good thing about this movie is that it looks good . Thats all . The movie tries to make the characters interesting , but they 're actually quite boring . This movie is dark , but not edgy . It doesnt come close to pulp fiction so dont believe any reviews you read that say 's it does . If you want something dark , and edgy then check out Requim For A Dream .
 Firstly , poor sound . Secondly , the film has been cut , heavily.Let us hope that Paramount release it on DVD soon , as it is their film . In the meantime , if anyone wants to see this film then just buy the Paramount VHS tape - it 's very good quality for picture & sound & it is UNCUT ! Do not waste your money or time on this poor attempt at a DVD release !!!
 I watched the Klansman on my Kindle Fire . I was appalled to discover two first rate actors , Richard Burton and Lee Marvin , as the protagonists . I 've seen `` disaster zone '' movies before and I must say that the Klansman makes the top five ! The only reason to watch this movie is to see Burton-Marvin `` acting '' as part of a sentimental journey into the past ... There 's nothing else to recommend this complete failure .
 Dire . By which I mean the DVD which seems to have been authored by someone at home with some free software.The DVD claims to be 112 minutes long -LRB- It says that on the packaging -RRB- but it is only 100:35 The other 12 minutes was lost when this was cut into the pan & scan TV movie travesty that you see before you .
 I ca n't believe two great actors would lend their names to this catastrophe . It would n't even make the B-movie list . Reviewers said there was a lot of editing out of violence . I ca n't imagine what could be restored to make this worth anything . It was cliche-ridden , poorly written and poorly acted . For example Burton 's character was supposed to be crippled -- Richard Burton hardly ever maintained that simple bit of acting . The Klan was an evil entity . Actually more insidious than the film depicts . So much more could have been made out of the story . Even the climactic scene was cut short . I ca n't believe it , but the best acting was done by OJ Simpson . Then there was the penniless white woman who was raped , She had a hair color job and make up that would have cost a month 's salary -- not convincingly destitute . Her rape was never cleared up -- among several loose threads left dangling.It was even worse than the first BILLY JACK from the same era .
 Firstly , this is not a great film , but what gets me is that films once passed and realiesed , should be left complete and in their proper run time.This vhs copy is the only real 112m version on the market , all the dvds have scenes missing , why bother putting them out if not whole.It has happened to lots of movies over the years.The Klansmen is one that has been a victim of polictial correctness , as a film buff I find this a pity , ok the subject matter is not for everyone , and we hope in our modern society we do not full back into this race hate time zone , but this is part of 70s movie history , let future movie fans see it as it was made , as for burton and marvin being drunk on set , well again let the film be judged by yourself , I for one think they were , and to finish buy this copy as no way will it get a blu ray realise , not for the subject matter , but because hollywood wishes to move 100,000 copies of a film not a couple of 100s , get this vhs copy before its gone forever . Guy Vase Aberdeen Scotland , oh and film gets two stars for its time in movie history not for being any good , just shows how some movies have been made in the past
 I do n't know who was more lubed , Marvin or Burton . Lola Falana is the victim of a really brutal gang rape , OJ Simpson is whacking people left and right . Not even bad enough to be funny . Hard to believe the same man who directed FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE was involved . Save your money .
 In the Spring of 1974 Director Terance Young and company came to Oroville , California to film the Klansman . The locals were excited to have a big studio film made in the small town . However , when it opened at the State Theatre in Oroville , there was widespread horror.The film included a castration , an attempted rape and two rapes , plus a whole lot of racial comments and some god-awful acting . You would have thought that Richard Burton would have done well with his acting , but he was one of the worse . He was drunk and chasing an under-age girl for most of the shooting schedule and could not seem to handle the southern accent . -LRB- This may have been the incident that destroyed his and Liz Taylor 's marriage . -RRB- Lee Marvin , Cameron Mitchell , Lola Falana and a few others did well in their acting but the script shot them down . It was full of racial stereotypes that probably set back racial relations for the next 100 years . -LRB- This was OJ Simpson 's first film . -RRB- I was there in 1974 and saw a lot of the shooting of the movie . It 's only redeeming value to me is the fact that it showed a lot of areas of Table Mountain , Cherokee , Oroville and Sugarloaf Mountain -LRB- 75 miles north of Sacramento in Northern California -RRB- . The scenery is beautiful but the movie is awful.There are many scenes that are unintentially funny because of the bad acting plus a hilarious scene where Richard Burton `` slaps '' Cameron Mitchell into a blood pulp . A Classic!All in all a minor film but worth seeing if you want a laugh or two . Warning , the rape scene with Lola Falana is not for the faint of heart ! Plus the castration scene makes ME grit my teeth !
 The DVD version of this film is a nightmare . When this movie was released I was the night projectionist is a grind house in downtown San Diego , California . It was so incredibly offensive that I immediately put it in my `` Cult Classic '' list . Imagine my horror upon watching the DVD . The sound track is perfectly horrible and the `` editing '' is nothing less than a hatchet job , to say nothing of being a close relative to book burning . The pitiful Pollyannas who did this have completely robbed the film of its impact . What kind of a world do these people think we 're living in anyway ? I strongly advise against buying the DVD in its current state .
 This DVD is Complete Rubbish ! No , not because of the Racism , The Klan , Lynchings , etc. , but because of the Poor Acting , Film Quality , and Editing . The DVD Producers actually turned this into a PG Rated Fim ... Oh , it 's still called an `` R '' , but the Lola Falana Rape Scene was Spliced so heavily that it not only fails to move Me emotionally , I would miss it entirely should I blink My Eyes . The Original Opening Scene , Where a Topless Young Black Lady -LRB- Jeanne Bell -RRB- is tossed around by White Men standing in a Circle is Edited Out as well , the Producers try hard to omit Racially-Charged Scenes , but to do so leaves the Film empty , unfortunately they keep the Redneck Characters intact , the crappy acting from both Marvin and Burton , and a Dull O.J. Simpson , whose own Voice was overdubbed in this Film ...
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it 's a joy to watch . You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of `` The Klansman . '' Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka . He arrived in Oroville , California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny 's waitress . His costar , Lee Marvin , was also drinking a bottle a day . Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments.Burton , as usual , dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful , to say the least . Marvin 's acting is much better , but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script , he ca n't fare much better . The highlights has to be the scene in the bus station when Burton karate chops poor Cameron Mitchell nearly to death . The movie was so cheaply edited that you can clearly hear director Terrence Young yelling , `` Cut , Cam ! Get up ! Cut ! '' They do n't even bother to edit out the director 's instructions . You will be laughing yourself into a choking fit during this lengthy bus station melee , This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers . If you appreciate a terrible script , crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming , you 'll love this one .
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it 's a joy to watch . You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of `` The Klansman . '' Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka . He arrived in Oroville , California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny 's waitress . His costar , Lee Marvin , was also drinking a bottle a day . Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments.Burton , as usual , dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful , to say the least . Marvin 's acting is much better , but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script , he ca n't fare much better.This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers . If you appreciate a terrible script , crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming , you 'll love this one .
 Richard Burton was one of the all-time great thespians and it 's a travesty that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences never honored him with an Oscar for any of his numerous nominations . Lee Marvin was a dynamic actor in his own right as well . Why they are wasting their time in this ugly , worthless -LRB- ... -RRB- movie is anybody 's guess.Many films that incorporate a racist theme merit importance when they depict the horror and any subsequent violence that such bigotry and hatred derives . This film does nothing but present a shallow glimpse into the racial tensions stemming from the South -LRB- a common and unfortunate stereotype -RRB- . One interesting note
 The title of this video states that it is VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video , something that has been available for several years now . In fact , these two videos are the same ; there is no VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video . It is an excellent video , however , just do n't buy it if you already have the first one that was issued .
 WHY are the artists names presented with spelling mistakes ? What an insult ! SUZI QUATRO and SHEENA EASTON are the artist 's names and correct spelling - not as shown in the Product Details box .
 They Crawl ? They put you to sleep ! The pace of this movie makes it unwatchable . I 'm not a big fan of bug movies anyway because who can eat anything while bugs are running all over the people on the screen?Not many bugs to worry about in this movie anyway . Not many good characters , storylines , scary or funny stuff.If you have They Crawl on a VHS tape you can put a small piece of tape over that spot on the side of it and record something you might watch again off of your television .
 It seems to be a nice cockroach buggie creepie-crawlie show , but it turns out to be this extremely BORING detective movie . The majority of the movie is a stupid criminal investigation . Hardly any roaches in it . BOOORRRING . The entire movie crawls slowly and it 's hard to keep your interest . Mostly dialogue . Dullsville.If you have insomnia , watch it .
 I was hoping for a good grade B movie but this flick takes itself much too seriously for that . Most of the film is just plain boring , stupid and unrealistic police investigative procedural , until about three whacking moments at the end , which are not enough to make up for having to sit through the other 85 minutes.Genius college student Brian -LRB- `` Bean '' -RRB- Gage is killed in an explosion that is written off by the police as a crystal meth lab explosion . However , brother Ted Gage , an Army Ranger who is under court martial , thinks there 's more involved . The film mostly covers a bunch of boring investigation by Ted and LAPD Detective O'Bannon that in itself does n't hold up well enough to classify it as a good suspense movie . For instance , if the police are so convinced that the explosion was the result of a crystal meth lab explosion , why did n't they search the place thoroughly enough to find the suspiciously encrypted computer files that Bean left behind ? And why did n't they question Bean 's colleagues at the university ? Would n't you think the police would be interested in tracking down information left behind by the operator of a crystal meth lab?But no , the police are more concerned about a freak accident involving a bus driver who was attacked and killed by roaches . The movie plods along . Gage and O'Bannon take forever to come to obvious conclusions . The roach scenes are so obviously CGI that there is no believability factor there . The few people who are killed , die very cleanly - no blood , no gore.This is n't even a fun movie to make fun of as the characters , dialogue , situation and plot are just so stupid . If Ted Gage is an army ranger , why is he such a lousy fighter ? If O'Bannon knows she is going into a warehouse that she expects is infested with killer roaches , why does she take an automatic rifle instead of a giant can of Raid ? Why does it take the captive professor so long to cut the duct tape binding his hands when O'Bannon drops the knife right into his hands , and why does he continue sitting there after he finally cuts himself free ? There are so many why 's in this movie that it is ridiculous.Forget this flick , if you want to see a good Grade B about insects , get The Swarm . if you want to see a good detective flick , then get The Bone Collector . Just do n't get this movie , unless you are looking for something to put you to sleep .
 this is a useless film , not even good for a laugh . The roaches only get a little screen time here . It 's mostly talking . no real babes here either , if that 's what you 're after .
 Ok , now you would think this would be about killer cockroaches and how terrifying it is to be eaten by bugs . -LRB- Warning spoilers ahead -RRB- ... You have explosions here , explosions there , and gun fights , and drama , and lots and lots of talking , and high tech computer equipment getting trashed . What about the bugs you ask ? well lets see , you see them in action only a few times , and they kill 4 people , 3 you do n't even see the bugs touch the people , and the last well , is so badly computer generated it was n't even worth rewinding to get a better look . The film itself is excellent quality , not low budget at all . The cover art , looks like some re-re-re-release rehash of some 1960 's sci-fi embarassment newly released . ...
 Well , it 's been quite a while since I have reviewed something here on amazon -LRB- college & work can be overwhelming at times -RRB- but I return here with a series of reviews for a couple of events and the first one is the Great American Bash ' 97 . At this time , the feud between Randy Savage & Diamond Dallas Page was really heating up while Ric Flair & Roddy Piper were willing to put their differences aside to put an end to the nWo & regain the tag team titles.Ultimo Dragon vs Psichosis . This was billed as a `` Respect '' match due to Dragon turning face while Psichosis turned heel & associated himself with Sonny Onoo . This was the typical cruiserweight opener as it was just great , non-stop action with high flying & mat wrestling coming into effects various times including one moment where the Dragon stole a finisher from a `` Phenom '' . Great opener & a great way to start the show.Harlem Heat vs Steiner Brothers . Two of the best tag teams that WCW had battle here to determine the number one contenders for the Tag Team titles . This was one of those matches where the bigger focus was about the storyline of the nWo to the point where nWo member Vincent -LRB- Virgl for WWF fans -RRB- played a factor in the outcome but this was still a good tag team match between both teams.Konnan vs Hugh Morris . Watchable filler but nothing really special as these two just seemed `` off '' on this night.Glacier vs Wrath . The stipulation to this match was that Morris -LRB- the late Chris Kanyon -RRB- would be handcuffed to the ring post on the outside of the ring . These two just were n't the best wrestlers so this was a dull filler that did nothing but continue the storyline between these three.Title vs Career
 Before I say why I did n't like the film that much , let me say that this film is for the younger generation -LRB- up to college age -RRB- ; not older adults . After I received the movie , five of us watched it but only two finished watching it . My niece and I were the only two that finished the movie , however , overall I was n't a big fan either . My niece was the only one that thought it was a good movie but she is also the only one that is college age.The concept was fabulous , the film just did n't live up to the concept . Alot of good questions were asked , and struggles shown , but no real solutions . We all have struggles but I was hoping to use the film to help others find solutions to those struggles . Not just talk about them and then end the movie basically in the same situation ... struggling . But then again , maybe that 's reality . However , I do wish they had some sort of hope and direction to help solve it .
 I was left wondering at times ... is this movie truly for the Christian audience ?? I 'll be honest and say there were some decent points being presented in this film as far as the Christian lifestyle goes ... hypocritical living as opposed to truthful Christian living , but for me there seemed to be this heavy underlining boy/girl interest going on . I do n't know . As a Christian mom whose teenage boys are borderline believers ... I just felt that particular subject in the film was almost promoting sexual desire and hook ups as opposed to a good teaching on how to `` date '' as a Christian and properly deal with this issue . There was too much ` interest ' being presented in this film and not enough ` information ' . This area is hugely important in the lifestyles of our youth , especially our boys , as nearly ALL television programs/magazines/and music push premarital sex sex sex into the faces of our kids . I wo n't be showing this film to my boys . Im still looking for `` just the right film '' to show that as Christians we definitely struggle . . and here are some good ways to handle it .
 After watching this movie , the biggest question in my mind is
 TREBBILE DON &#34; T GET IT WASTE OF MONEY.IT DOESN &#34; T LEAD PEOPLE TO CHRIST.ITS NOT WORTH THE MONEY . ITS A WASTE MONEY .
 It is so poorly filmed and edited , I could n't find the point . It 's about a bunch of -LRB- rich ? -RRB- college kids visiting every country in Europe and behaving like the ugly Americans . Do n't buy this . If you MUST see it , rent it instead , but I bet you ca n't sit thru the whole thing . Do n't worry about younger kids seeing this - they 'll be so bored they 'll get up and leave . More like a Bevis and Butthead do Europe .
 This documentary is trying too hard to be hip for the college student age bracket . It 's so blatant , it 's ridiculous . The guys in it themselves , start with the premise that they have `` doubts '' about religion and the way they apply it to their lives . Supposedly they go to Europe to explore their Christianity in the eyes of others . Instead , it passes off as judgmental of other people . They seemed to process the information as if it was another college assignment where they already got half of the answer , and processed everything through their own given cultural filter . Their interviews were very unsatisfactory . The did n't speak other languages or bring translators , so they spoke to people who they already could talk to.The next thing in my mind was , `` Oh great , more obnoxious loud Americans traveling to Europe . Reinforcing the stereotype . '' There are far more intelligent young college students who can talk about religion , philosophy , ethics , and transcultural issues without sounding like mindless frat boys .
 a little too corny , just about the same as watching someone elses family vacation movie.Perhaps future productions will be better .
 I never finished watching it . I tried watching it with a 12 year old and neither one of us liked it . I 'm 67 .
 I watched this documentary on Netflix . It is about these four American college students from the South who want to see how their faith is viewed by people who do n't believe . And I do mean their faith because these four young men had all sorts of judgmental comments about the people they interviewed who disagreed with them . I stopped watching it after these men admitted that they had premarital sex . It really bothered me that these men kept acting like they were better than the people they interviewed when they did n't even live out their faith.I welcome listening to people who have all sorts of opinions even ones different than my own-this includes evangelical Christians . When they judge non-believers and condemn them for their sinful behavior and they ca n't give up their sinful lifestyle , I stop listening.This documentary was a great idea , but they should have put four men who really tried to live out their faith . Then when they interviewed people who disagreed with them , show them being tolerant or explaining intelligently why they disagreed with them .
 To begin , I have absolutely nothing against Evangelical films that promote the Gospel . I think the films of Alex Kendrick -LRB- `` Fireproof , '' `` Flywheel , '' etc. -RRB- are quite good , tell engaging stories , and do a fine job of getting across the message that we desperately need Christ to atone for our sins and turn us toward Himself . However , Kendrick had the good sense to write and film what he knows , setting his stories in and around Albany , Georgia , so his films have the ring of authenticity , a sense of place.The biggest problem with `` Beware of Christians '' is that it tells us that these four wild and crazy lads are going to take a trip to Europe and come back changed , their faith challenged ; this is an egregious case of false advertising.I anticipated the worst when , early on one of the cast identifies the London Eye as Piccadilly Circus and describes Parliament as `` a bunch of Gothic buildings over there '' -LRB- Did n't any of these guys own a guidebook ? -RRB- . Paris is reduced to a few shots of interviews at the base of the Eiffel Tower , Barcelona is portrayed as hedonistic beach town , etc. . Each of the cities visited serves as no more than fodder to provide a theme to the interviews -LRB- Paris = `` materialism , '' Barcelona = `` sex , '' Prague = `` alcohol , '' etc. -RRB- . There is no more illumination in any of these `` man on the street '' interviews than in those of Jay Leno . The only difference is , in Jay Leno 's interviews , the ignorance of the interviewee is exposed ; in `` Beware of Christians , '' the ignorance is on the side of the interviewer.For true self-discovery -LRB- which is what the film purported to deliver at the beginning -RRB- , there has to be a discovery of the Other , to be confronted with truths outside ourselves . This is apparent nowhere in the film . To visit these wonderful cities , so rich in history and culture , and to overlay them with a few talking points concerning correct Christian living , is not only a cultural crime , it is bad theology . Our call in the world is one of redemption and reformation , and to do this there has to be some attempt at understanding a cities ' history and culture , some recognition of how God is working particularly in the life of the city . Without this , there is no reason the film should have been shot outside Dallas other than to provide scenic backdrops for the filmmaker 's agenda.I 'm giving this two stars -LRB- though my inclination was towards one star -RRB- because I think these guys ' hearts are probably in the right place . But I ca n't get over the cringing induced by the willful cultural ignorance shown in this film , and the realization that this is probably fairly indicative of most Americans , Christian and non-Christian .
 Seemed to be a cross between `` Euro Trip '' and `` Jackass '' with a few scriptures somewhere in between . At the end of this film I was left with my hands held out , looking around and saying `` what the heck was that !! '' This documentary identifies several issues that Christians will face , especially younger Christians , but it does n't really give answers to any of them ! At times , I felt like this documentary was like a `` sinners anonymous '' group where `` Mike '' would stand up and say `` Hey my name is Mike and I struggle with lust '' . The problem is that neither Mike or anyone else in the group gives any good counsel nor scripture to directly answer the problem.Indeed , it is undeniable that men will come across the temptations and issues that these young men did on their journey . However ; they faced their temptations with a lack of seriousness and , at times , they seemed to take pleasure in things that we are commanded to `` guard our hearts '' from . I seem to recall that one of the guys was testifying that he loved to listen to Shakira . Wow , what will literally happen because of that young mans statement is that a great majority of younger viewers will now think that it 's okay to listen to secular music as long as their not letting it influence their life . Viewers will also take that it 's okay to fellowship with a non-believers in a manner that God would hate -LRB- drinking at a Beer Hall -RRB- and that would grieve the Holy Spirit . That it 's okay to act like a drooling heathen when it comes to being in the presence of attractive women and that contemplating nude beaches is acceptable . Also , there was a scene where two of the guys slapped each other 's backs so hard that it left imprints of their hands . I mean , for a second I thought I was watching the movie `` Jackass '' . Too , I am trying really hard to remember if I even heard the words REPENT and BELIEVE . Two of the most fundamental commandments that we Christians are given . Nor that we are to `` love the Lord our God with all our heart , mind and soul '' - the great thing that we are to be about ! The young men in this film made the King of Kings and Lord of Lords little more than a footnote to satisfy their viewers and critics . Their way of life seemed ambiguously worldly , to say the least.I am sorry to give such a harsh critique over a film that would seem to admonish , edify and even instruct new and young believers but it does little more than say `` it 's okay to look and act like we do as long as you squeeze God in there somehow '' . Which would seem to be a brief synopsis of the entire film .
 I bought the DVD with a chance it might be a positive witness for teens and a forum for discussing faith in Jesus Christ to offset difficult cultural influences . I should have suspected a trojan horse with a cover picture in front of St Peter 's Basilica . I found most discussions and topics acceptable to a Catholic audience . However , an unsupported and repeated claim that Jesus did not found a Church will not fly in Catholic circles . Try to find that claim in scripture without ignoring direct wording to the contrary ! Fundamentalists should find this section righteous , but for a Catholic , unless you want to have scripture interpreted for you by young fledgling college students with no philosophy or theology study , I suggest you pass on this video .
 Okay , expected something totally different like something powerful or meaningful.It was silly , boring and a waste of time and money .
 I confess that I could not finish watching this film because it was incredibly boring . The previous reviews are all correct
 I am a nineteen year old college student . I love documentaries . I love Jesus . I really love travel . I do n't really like most Christians . I saw this movie on Netflix thinking it would be perfect for me , yes ! Other Christians who have hard feelings toward the organized religion that Christianity has become ! None of my wishes were granted with this one.I did n't feel any connection to the four guys . I do n't even want to go there with the poor film quality , and confused soundtrack , but the way the doc was carried out was just formulaic . I felt a sense of detachment from the guys because they were the epitome of the American Christian that they were against . One of them went to a Baptist college . BAPTIST . -LRB- He 's the same guy who admits he makes fun of girls ! Douche . -RRB- One of the most hypocritical branches of Christianity . Are you getting me ? I did n't see humility . There was no background of them at home for me to go off of . They did n't display the need for any change they brought to the table.There were no real connections in Europe that I saw made that were n't condescending on their part . They were n't respectful of their interviewees . They displayed their relationship with Christ poorly . I did n't feel engaged or enlightened in the least . Every point they hit has been hit before . The conversations were confused and uneducated . There was n't a sentence spoken shy of a ` like ' or ` uh ' . I 'm still confused about who the audience is supposed to be because non-Christians are being yelled at and Christians are being blasted for trying too hard.I have no idea why they went to Europe when the majority of the people they spoke to were American tourists or English speakers . I felt like I was on a vacation with a bunch of frats who are into bro S&M ; -LRB- slapping each other unashamedly -RRB- and preaching to themselves when what the clearly need is a dose of reality . I got really tired of the sermons ! It was never clear if they went to Europe to learn or to teach . Watching others learn lessons can be a teaching in and of itself . I felt they tried to hard to teach and ended up confusing the crap out of me ! A Christ follower . The ignorance felt obvious and sometimes blatant.In Hungary they go on a mission to help the homeless . I guess the idea was lost or edited out , whatever . But they sit around the table to talk it out . The conversation is again annoying . The guys of course bash American Christians who have money . They say that no one is doing anything except writing checks . People do write checks . But saying that no Christians actually get involved ? I 'm sorry ; that is a lie . There are people who do wonderful things . People who chose to go to third world countries instead of a taking an across Europe trip-of-a-lifetime / fratboy vacay.I felt like whoever made this movie did not do enough homework regarding the spiritual connection of the cities . I would have loved to see more local people studies , Anthony Bourdain type stuff . I would have really loved to see the intention of the film change in Europe , blossoming into a humble and meaningful realization . It stayed stagnant , though . I felt like I was on a vacation with people I did n't really like or agree with . The philosophy that the boys so eloquently profess -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- is similar to a dart thrown in the dark . None of the 8 or 9 points have direction , and nothing ever hits a bullseye . I do n't even think there is a bullseye . Nothing ever goes anywhere and I could n't feel much emotion.The idea gets an A + . The execution , F. I gave it two stars because I think that this is a good idea for a documentary , but it needs folks who know what they 're doing .
 This movie `` could have been '' a good documentary . The last great Christian documentary that I saw was `` The finger of God '' . That was an awesome movie . This movie was POINTLESS . It had some funny parts in it , otherwise I would have given it only one star . The whole movie these guys kept bashing American Christianity , even though they themselves are Christians . Sure , American Christians are not perfect , but who is ? They also made it sound like there were no good `` true Christian '' churches in America . I would say to that , NOT SO . There are some bad lukewarm Christian churches , but there are also MANY good , on fire , Gospel teaching , Jesus loving , Christian churches in America . One of them also was telling pastors that they need to ADD WORKS -LRB- adding full-surrender -RRB- to the Gospel message . I was screaming at the TV , NO WAY ! If it is by grace , then it is no longer works . If it is by works then it is no longer grace . Please DO NOT CONFUSE non-Christians about the Gospel . Yes , the Gospel is clear , Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ , that he died for your sins and rose again , in order to be SAVED . NOTHING ELSE . Yes , AFTER you do this and become Saved , then you should fully surrender your life in order to live more like Jesus . But do not ever mix SAVING GRACE , which comes only by BELIEVING in JESUS as YOUR SAVIOR -LRB- that He died for your sins and rose again -RRB- ; with works and fully surrendering . This might seem small but it is n't . What I saw in this movie is that there are many people out there in Europe that really could care less about God . And , this has nothing to do with Christians -LRB- as this movie leads you to believe -RRB- . It has to do with the fact that these people simply do n't care about God or anything spiritual for that matter , because the god of this world -LRB- satan -RRB- has blinded them . It is ridiculous to blame Christians for people becoming Atheists , as this movie leads us to believe .
 I will preface this with the fact that I am an atheist.The introduction to this film is misleading because the guys say they 're questioning their faith when they are really focused on defining Christianity for themselves . Their exploration is flawed since they interview primarily American tourists and other English speakers . I disagree with some of their beliefs -LRB- i.e
 Very slow ... hard to get into ... never got past the first 30-minutes . Maybe better suited for college/high school students . not recommended .
 We watched for about 35 minutes before we realized we were totally wasting our time . Threw it in the garbage . I 'm embarrassed to say I spent almost 10 dollars on this movie .
 This movie is very slow and comes across as more preachy than inspirational , could not finish the first half of the movie .
 First , I 'm going to admit that I do not fit the target audience . I am way past college age . I am a Christian who teaches college-age students at several local public colleges , and I 've gotten pretty good at assessing what will interest college-age students . This film might interest church kids , but I do n't think there will be a broad appeal to my students.Personally , I found the film boring . After watching about 45 minutes , I spot-checked the film . I caught the scene when one of the young men slapped the other on the back . This came after the discussion on alcohol , which made me wonder if these guys had been drinking.I caught scenes that showed the men taking postcards meant for a girlfriend and hiding them from one of their friends as well as the scene when the friend finds out . Great friends.The title , `` Beware of Christians , '' seemed like it was warning non-Christians . The target audience for this film is n't non-Christians ; it depicts non-Christians as foolish . I usually teach in secular schools , and this would have no appeal for most of my students . In fact , I think it would perpetuate the opinion they already have of Christians.Instead , this appears to be an apologetic for `` right living . '' Although the film contends that the audience needs a relationship with Jesus , there 's very little here to show us viewers how to establish that.I 'm going to have my 20-year-old daughter watch this film and ask her what she thinks .
 Why are Spot videos so popular ? It ca n't be for the chintzy animation , with mouths that do n't move and cheesy computer paste-ons . It 's not the story ; there is n't one . Each segment is just a series of non sequiturs that occur in the same venue . Spot is n't educational ; the videos do n't teach anything concrete like numbers or shapes , and any socialization the videos show is bad -LRB- e.g. making fun of how fat Helen Hippo is -RRB- . It ca n't be the voices -LRB- the same man and woman are obviously doing all the voices except Spot , with ridiculous accents and changes of pitch -RRB- or the dopey , repetitive music with inane lyrics . And it 's not because Spot is so appealing ; while he does n't rival Barney for most annoying kids ' character , Spot is boring and charmless . When there are fresh , original and delightful videos like the Maisy series , Blues Clues or even the old standby , Sesame Street , why bother with this drivel ? Oh yeah , because my toddler likes it .
 I have been on a French movie kick lately and find many of the Alain Delon movies to be especially entertaining . So I was quite psyched to put this rare movie in the DVD tray the other night for an evening 's entertainment . From the opening credits I knew something was off - instead of an ultra-cool French movie from the 60s , I was presented with a very strident 1930s British movie about fishing trawlers -LRB- see The Last Adventurers -LRB- 1937 -RRB- -RRB- . What a disappointment ! At first I was incredulous and expected to see a grainy Alain Delon make an appearance , but alas he would have been a 2-year old toddler . What makes matters worse is that this movie was obviously captured from a tape source and is a poor presentation of the boring 1937 film . After about 5 minutes I accepted I had wasted my time and money -LRB- hello Amazon -RRB- and that Alain would be sitting this one out . Either this is gross incompetence or outright bait-and-switch , but do not be deceived by the cover art on this Synergy DVD .
 There is n't much else to say . The killer looks goofy and the supporting cast are cardboard at best .
 Mental Scars -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is absolutely pathetic . A high school drama club could produce a better movie . It looks like it was shot using a discontinued Video Camcorder . The lighting is terrible , and there are absolutely no production values . I can not iterate how bad this movie looks.The movie was terrible ; acting , and film quality really stinks . I did not like it at all and feel this one was a waste of money . One of the worst low budget junkyard slasher films I have ever seen.DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE .
 ATTENTION AMAZON : I recently found out that this so called `` V. Productions / Ron Allen '' is none other than Richard Myles himself and that he goes around self promoting himself under aliases on various review boards and bashing his competition -LRB- see the scathing comments toward Chris . R. Notarile right here -RRB- . Check out his reviews here on Amazon and you will see that in most cases , no matter what is being reviewed , it winds up being a glowing review of Richard Myles , his music or his movie `` Mental Scars '' . Shame on you Richard Myles for misleading people and shame on you for all the hate toward Chris . R. Notarile as he was good enough to cast you in his fan film as Freddy Krueger .
 I am a BIG Sonny Landham fan , but now wish I had saved my money ! Think of the worset B movie you 've ever seen , comparied to this one , it 's a triple A movie ! Landham dosent show up till last 20 min. , and only one other actor even comes close to acting ! Wish I had known how bad it was , I would have saved my money !!!
 Have you time to thrill ? Check-out Mental Scars on DVD . This B-movie , this cinematic junkfood -LRB- set in a junkyard -RRB- offers all the goodies
 Well , I 'm a big Temple fan and I certainly did n't totally hate this movie but I sure did n't totally love it . This movie may be good to someone who is interested in this kind of stuff but for an 11 year old girl who loves to see the dancing and singing Shirley this comes as quite a disapoitment.I read that this was Temple 's favorite movie of hers . While I ca n't criticize her opinion I think she has done much better . Wee Willie Winkie does n't even wink ! Some ok parts but if you 're a Shirley fan you probably would rather stick to doing something else .
 This video was poorly done . You can tell it was amature made . The five woman that grace the cover are the main woman throughout the movie . They throw in a couple of other girls , but their butts are n't as big as the first five you see . The background music is Ok ; it grows on you throughout the movie.The only reason why I rate this a 2 is because of the butts , other than that it would have received a 1 .
 The video starts out ok , but then it get worst . The woman you see on the cover are the main woman throughout the DVD . It gets boring as you go on . The pro side of this DVD are the butts , which are great , but the con side of this DVD is you can tell it 's amature made . The video does not give you much vartiey of woman at all . Unless , you consider five brazilan woman a varitey , which also grace the cover of the DVD . The only reason why I gave this DVD a 2 is because of the butts , other than that , it would have received a 1 . This DVD was poorly done .
 I expected 60 minutes -LRB- as indicated on the box -RRB- of expert advice about home preparation . Instead I got 43 minutes -LRB- amount of video footage on this tape -RRB- of bordom . The female host , whom I noticed was the producer , director , and something else I disremember ; droaned on in her monotone manner asking very general and long winded questions.The author of `` Making the Best of Basics '' who was the expert interviewed throughout the video , attempts on several occassions to get into some detail and expound on his comments . The robotic host however , quickly interupts with a follow up comment veiled poorly as a question , thus sealing this videos fate in my opinion.This video is a true stinker ... . Instead buy the book `` Boston on Y2k '' by Boston T. Party . This is well thought out , thorough , and a great asset to the library .
 First , real Rastas do n't eat scavenger sea life like lobsters , but there it was in this movie getting scarfed . Rastas are vegetarians . And what was with the owl , it ended up dead near the end of the movie , and it looked like a REAL dead owl ! Did they murder that majestic bird to make this movie ? The headless dead chicken was real , did they kill that too for the movie ? Where was the animal respect in this movie that Rastas practice ? I had high hopes for this movie , I 'm really sorry that I even watched it .
 Man , this dvd sucked . I thought it 'd listen to the reviews given by amazon buyers . But boy was I wrong ! This is the worst dvd ever ! These are only opinions . Some of the dates for the albums are wrong and nothing is accurate . Except for the OBVIOUS stuff . So do not buy this ! -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- When will they release a REAL , Queen documentary ?
 I like the demos by one of the presenters that showed some of Brian 's guitar `` tricks '' , but the rest was ho-hum .
 This is one of the nerdiest music critique DVD 's ever . If you want to see and listen to a group of unabashed Queen lovers talk about the early Queen albums/songs , this DVD is for you . If you want to see early concert footage , look elsewhere . The concert footage of portions of `` Keep Yourself Alive '' and `` Stone Cold Crazy '' is the best 5 minutes of the DVD . Other footage is mostly dubbed over with the studio recording , and all footage is constantly interupted by the bantering Queen lovers . The guitar guy is pretty interesting , but overall I would say get together with your old Queen listening buddies and reminisce , it 's cheaper .
 I bought this because I thought it would at least explain each exercise in detail , but instead it tells you to buy the book of the same name , so now if you want to understand it better you have to buy the book , I think Dr.J is too greedy to ask so much for so little , maybe he should sell this with the book.Or give more explanations about each exercise instead of telling you to buy more , when I meet people like this , I wonder if they want to help people ? I mean do they really care about students or are they more worried about their wallet , the photography its pretty bad too it seems like it was done by a home video camera , I must say I felt a little disappointment.the only good thing I have to say is that he really seems to know kung fu and chi kung , but for 8 exercises standing and 8 sitting I am not willing to invest 34 dollars for this dvd , The most I would pay for a bad quality video like this and bad instruction -LRB- for he says you must buy the book to understand better -RRB- Is 7 dollars the most .
 The first time you see this you need explanation and appreciate the slowness set for someone seeing the exercise for the first time . The second and third time you wish there was a mode for flowing through the exercise instead of again listening to the explanations like a cassette player that is running down on batteries .
 Though it is apparent that Dr. Yang is a good teacher , the format of this video is very poor . You are shown once how to do a `` piece '' and then you are expected to pause the video and do this piece by yourself 20 or so times . If you do n't pause the video , Dr. Yang immediately moves onto the next `` piece '' to which you are suppose to memorize , pause the video and then do that one 20 or so times by memory by yourself , and so on . Ridiculous !
 This was the most incorrect biography I have ever seen . It is written by a historical fictionist and is totally trying to bring Washington down . This movie was obviously an opinion . How could the author say those things about Washington . I highly recommend you do n't watch it . It should not be used for children . You 'll be teaching your kids incorrect things .
 I ordered this book in hopes of finding what it promised ... some fresh new material that could possibly give one `` an unfair advantage '' in the audition process . In spite of a few negative reviews I 'd read on these pages , I chose to believe the positive ones because I had some important auditions coming up and I WANTED this book to be all it promised . I NEEDED it to be ~ ~ and it was n't . I eagerly read every single piece and there was not one monologue appropriate for or worthy of a serious adult actor or actress , no matter what his or her level of experience . These might be `` okay '' for introducing high school students to drama . But with all due respect to Pierce and Onorato , as an acting teacher as well as performer , writer , and director , I just could n't justify asking a student of ANY age to chose to commit to any of this material over the works of some of our great - and even not-so-great - playwrites .
 First of all , to anyone perusing through here , it looks like most of the 5-star reviews are fake -- notice how they say generic things like `` I would recommend this to anyone , aspiring or professional '' and they 're by `` A Customer . '' Secondly , no offense to younger reviewers out there , but it also looks like the other 5-star reviews are by younger , less experienced actors.Honestly , DO N'T LISTEN TO THIS GUY . He does n't know the first thing about acting , monologues , or the auditioning process . First of all , take a monologue from a PLAY , not something some hack wrote . ANd if you do take a stand-alone monologue that someone wrote , make sure it 's good . These are HORRIBLE ! They 're cheesy , hackneyed , uninteresting , melodramatic and general . Also , you CAN NOT use stand-up comedy routines as a monologue !!! No , no no no no ! Acting teachers across the world -- the universe -- would cringe at the things he tells you.I 've seen the video , too . Here are some additional tips :1 . a `` prop '' is not a person , especially not a person lying down on the stage . You should n't really use props in a monologue unless it 's really simple , but even then . You also ca n't do a monologue to someone when you audition , though it 's a good way to practice .2 . YOU CAN NOT CHANGE THE WORDS ! While it 's helpful to paraphrase a monologue in the rehearsal process , you can not -- absolutely CAN NOT -- change the words of the playwright . You can cut them , yes , but you ca n't just make it up .3 . `` Just making 'em laugh '' is NOT an acceptable strategy!Okay , I could go on , but basically , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! If you 're a young person , check out monologue books by Craig Slaight -- he knows his stuff .
 I ordered this item but instead I gotSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series ... which is an item I already own!CHECK THE PRODUCT DETAILS . They are identical toSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series !!! DO NOT ORDER UNTIL THE PROBLEM IS FIXED
 when I had recived the 2nd volume one of the 4 disk was missing , I want a new one that has all of the disk . when I had orded Volume one I got all 4 disk . why was a disk of volume 2 missing ????? I hope something is indeded to be done about this .
 This Box set is a rippoff . It has only the first season , which was n't one of the best ones , all of the other seasons are the good ones . I got the complete series of this show on one box set on ebay . It is a region 2 DVD set but that problem can esely be fixed . I highly recomend that set to all you people wanting to see this series .
 Why Two Stars?Two Stars for Shout ! Factory for bringing these old shows back on DVD which is great ... HOWEVER ... I have already wrote a review about this issue in Zelda Compete DVD . I was talking about a bit about Shout ! Factory and how they refuse put Subtitles in any of their DVD products!I ll list some of them : Captain Nes VideogameZelda competeMario Bros Show Vol 1 2 3Sonic Satam and Adventures of Sonic the hedgehogAnd many more ... All of them were made by Shout ! Factory And All of them DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY SUBTITLE OR CLOSED CAPTIONED EVEN THOUGH THEY USED TO AIR ON THE TV LONG TIME AGO AND ON THE TV IT DID HAVE CLOSED CAPTIONED BY THEN.That is very disappointing I ca n't even buy any of Shout ! Factory DVD just because of their lack of Subtitles and/or Closed Captioned . I do really want buy this ! But I ca n't . Since there is no Subtitles or Closed Captioned option for this . I still have few of my old VHS with Satam in it . It does have Closed Captioned . And I used to have about 10 VHS tapes of Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog you know what I regret the most ? I wish I did n't throw those 10 VHS tapes out . Because those 10 tapes did have Closed Captioned ! I could understand what they were saying . It 's really too bad , that I could never see this old show again since the Shout ! Factory do n't seem want to bother putting up the Subtitles or Closed Caption for us Deaf people . I even wrote them email once , I have never gotten any reply ! Just how great Shout ! Factory really is?In the end , Shout ! Factory , have let me down .
 For those of you who do n't know , there have thus far been no less than four Sonic the Hedgehog cartoons
 I have yet to receive the item I purchased . I have tried to contact the seller but have had no response . My credit card was charged long ago for the item but I now doubt that I will ever see the item or my money again . Very disappointing .
 this was one of the WORST anime 's ever !!!! i cant believe how much this was boring ! i did watch the whole thing , and there was only one cool part . everything else made no sense . who are the blade children ??!?!?!?!!? they never answered that dang question !!! - the end
 Bad Points : - During the whole series the watcher repeatedly hears the question `` Who are the blade children ? '' At the end , we still are not given the answer to this . There are too many loose ends left at the end of the anime . Even if you wished to see the anime , and then read the ending in manga - you can not ! To my knowledge , the manga which this series is based off of is not available in English ! I resorted to reading the Wikipedia page , which is much less fascinating than finding out the answers in story form.-Some of the characters tend to be annoying , or one dimensional . The main character , Ayumu , I still felt cold towards at the end of the series . While some of the characters I can relate to and sympathize with , or at least understand , the main character -LRB- of all people ! -RRB- seems undefined . The girl who follows him around everywhere also remains undefined , and worse yet , has a voice that makes me want to cut off my ears.-The minor plot lines tend to get boring . I can stand ` Sherlock Holmes ' but the mysteries in this series are too dull for me . They drag out , and seem to get in the way of the real storyline.So by now I 've given a bleak review , right ? Than it 's time for the good points , though they be few in my eyes.-The artwork was beautiful and so was the music accompanying it . Who does n't enjoy good art in an anime ? The men and woman were all beautiful without being way over glamorous , and I love the scenes where piano playing is involved.-The storyline does n't seem to fall under the average overdone plots in anime . There are no giant robots , half-human half-demons , dirt-poor wandereres , etc. `` Spiral '' is more original than most anime out there , focusing on the genre of mystery.-Some of the more important secondary characters seem to be well-formed , although Ayumu and his sidekick were not . I could really relate to them , and they seemed similar to characters I was writing about in my NaNoNovel . I was more concerned with where their futures where heading than the main character 's . When Ayumu almost got stung by bees -LRB- which he is deathly allergic to -RRB- I honestly did n't care if he died or not . Not because I 'm heartless folks , just because Ayumu did n't seem real enough to me.As you can see , IMHO `` Spiral '' does not have much going for it . The lack of answers at the end pretty much sucked the beauty out of the series for me . Like an idiot I was taken in by all the pretty advertisements . If you are content with loose ends and cliff hangers , than this series if for you . ~ D.N.M.
 This is not a movie ; it is a rant . This is not a family ; it is a cabal . There are no people in this movie ; there are only predators . There is no dialogue here ; there is only bile.Less watchable than pornography -LRB- which at least may have attractive flesh -RRB- or gore -LRB- which may at least have clever invention -RRB- , this is just undammed hatred .
 The SistersWell , maybe you have to live in New York to enjoy this . I was afraid there 'd be nothing but glowing reviews here . So I 'm prepared for a flurry of unhelpful votes . But I found these characters among the most repellent , coarse , insufferable , unpleasant , and foolish people I 've had the misfortune to spend two hours with . No one other than the maligned shop girl has a thought for anyone or anything but themselves . These are totally self-absorbed , self-referential , self-contained , self-deluding , self-pitying -LRB- and any other self-hyphens you want to include -RRB- boors without a trace of anything approaching humanity.You know that person who feels it is their duty to speak the truth , no matter how rude , hurtful , unpleasant , quite possibly inaccurate , it might be ? Well , imagine spending a few hours with people who sharpen their claws on the backbones of their friends and family members . Even clever insults are still insults , and I prefer not to watch anyone do this . To what point?We need n't worry about how this is related to the Chekhov masterpiece . We need only to evaluate this film . And it is just dreadful . From wooden , stilted speeches delivered in a manner that substitutes volume changes for emotion , to a ridiculous little interlude of love making that accomplishes nothing but titillation , to the obligatory Southern incest , and concluding with a phony and unbelievable climax that felt right off a soap opera , this tale is Oprah meets Jerry Springer . There 's plenty to dislike here , the quasi-pop psychology , the irritating phony come-and-go accent , the dramatic camera shots designed , I suppose , to look important but that come off as trite , the `` do n't these people have jobs ? '' thought that ran through my mind as they whiled away the hours demeaning each other , and the glib and silly conclusion . Folks who read the Internet blogs where hate and snobbery and condescension reign may like more of that bile in their off hours , but I 'd rather leave these people and go far , far away .
 It 's a common flaw for the MOH series
 Please oh please tell me why anyone would call Angela Bettis an actor ? I 've seen her in two films and in both she 's as stiff as a board and seems to be attempting to channel Frazier 's ex-wife with the stacatto vocal delivery.This show is about a bad bug that eats into a person 's brain and eventually overtakes them . It 's not scary and it 's only gross toward the end.Masters of Horror has n't been all that horrific other than the `` On and Off a Country Road '' . Really not worth bothering .
 A review of some of the best moments within the show , starring some of the eras best actors and star . This is not a collection of espisodes that I was looking for , although a good collection of great moments .
 Well I just got it . It is completely dented and bent . If it is made out of steel then why are the people so careless in handling it ??? Really I cant imagine what it would look like if it were plastic . Whatever . Return shipping and refunds are a hassle . Just be warned . When you buy things on amazon they may be damaged . This is my fourth damaged product . Oh and the actual movies are terrible . These movies and the Garlic jr. are the worst things that ever happened to DBZ .
 slow shipping not to mention the tin case was all bent up and wont close properly . wasnt sealed but at least it got here . thanks for the damaged product .
 I was disapointed with this travelogue ! Specifically
 Had this not been subtitled `` A Winter Wonderland '' it would have rated three stars from me . While the production values are iffy -LRB- The sound levels are all over the place so that you 'll have to ride your remote control constantly to be able to hear the narrator but not be blasted out of your seat by the music track . In some places , the narration was actually drowned out by the music ! -RRB- there 's a lot of material in this rather short travelog.However , when something bills itself as a travelog about winter in Germany and Austria , I really expect more than a shot of the Christkindlmarket in each town visited , and some gratuitous snow shots right at the end . Instead of a film about the beauties and pleasures of winter in Germany/Austria , this is a pretty standard , and not particularly well-done travelog about some of the nicer spots in those two countries.Given the amount of territory they try to cover , it should have been about three times as long , and the narration should have been a bit more exciting . Everyone watching this at my house fell asleep ! Cuts are abrupt and disconcerting . We go from a somber segment on Dachau to a startlingly cheerful bit about Munich . Frankly , there are far better travel films on this subject .
 This was painful to watch . Really.The story : I was at the movie theater when I saw a preview for this movie . Almost instantly , I thought `` What a dumb movie . `` Six months later , I was home with my dad . There was n't a whole lot on to watch , so I turned to On Demand.Big mistake.When I saw the movie , I thought , `` What the Heck ? Who knows ? I might even like it ! I ended up buying it.The guinea pigs had no personalities . They were all stereotypes . I could n't care for these characters , no more than I could care for a rock . No . Actually , I could care for a rock more.The plot was typical . Animals used as a disguise to save the world . I do admit , the coffee machine was actually kind of a good idea , but it was executed poorly . The long lost brother/sister/close friend/mother/father / cousin/aunt/uncle / etc. was used , a cliche I want to murder.And the almost dying cliche . SERIOUSLY ! How many movies have you seen like that ? I 'd like to know who started it . I want to hunt them down and murder them , along with the person that invented algebra . Now , I have nothing against the antagonist turning around but only after they 've done harm . I actually somewhat like it , because it 's more interesting than the killing of the antagonist . But the antagonist here turned around too quickly . Enough said.Overall , a typical Animal Spy Movie . Seriously , that 's being done so often I think it should become its own movie genre .
 I do n't mean to be negative about it , but this movie is just another one of those `` let 's put animals in the movie so that we can impress the kids '' but my son and his friends would not sit in the theater to watch the movie because it did not catch their attention very well . At first , they thought it was cool because the hamsters were talking , but then they just got bored . It is pretty sad when talking gerbils do not even thrill 6-year-olds ... maybe animal lovers liked it ?
 I would strongly recommend that you rent this film and view it BEFORE you decide to buy it . Most viewers , young or old , are unlikely to want to watch it twice.The animation of this little film is first-rate . What it lacks is a good script with characters who have some traits we can care about one way or the other . In only two brief passages , both near the ending , did this movie come to life.OVER THE HEDGE , KUNG FU PANDA , ICE AGE , MADAGASCAR , its sequel , MADAGASCAR -- ESCAPE 2 AFRICA , and especially HAPPY FEET are examples of films with talking animals that do hold the interest of people of all ages and DO make us care what is happening .
 Wait , stop ! I know what you are thinking
 G-Force is a great movie , I highly recommend it , but wait for a better DVD Treatment.Allow lots and lots and lots of time to get the movie started.UOPs -LRB- User Operation Prohibition -RRB- are enabled on this DVD meaning that you can not skip over many parts of the DVD and are FORCED to watch things you have no interest in.While it is easy to purchse a DVD player that overrides UOPs , there are no Blu-ray players that do this YET.Avoid this presentation of the movie . When a later one is released that is not hostile to the viewer , buy it only then .
 I bought this as an entertaining video for elementary aged students . They liked the story despite the fact that the sound and video were completely out of sinc .
 Animal animation movies need several key elements to be noteworthy - `` G-Force '' struck out on all of them . -LRB- 1 . -RRB- First , voices are important to feel that the animated animal characters are alive so you need to choose actors with voices that enhance their character . These rodents voices were bland , unemotional and failed to convey the soul of each rodent . And the content of each voice is the script which was simplistic , sophomoric and cliche ridden . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Second , we need a creative , thoughtful and believable well-constructed story . `` G-Force '' was just another ethnic stereotype of animals chasing and being chased by bad guys out to destroy the world with the laughable -LRB- as in dumb -RRB- tools of toasters and other household appliances turning into walking killing machines along with satellite debris being forced -LRB- somehow -RRB- to crash into Earth . I should point out to the less than literate writers that 90 % of the debris is small stuff that will burn up in the atmosphere and the rest , if able to survive burning up , would have no impact on the future of our planet . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Third , animations have evolved in the last decade to become artful creations in themselves . Disney is still churning out the cheap off the shelf animations that cost little to make but produce a nice monetary return for this studio 's meager efforts . The graphics were so bad they had to rely on the now time worn formula of dated hip-hop dancing , singing animals to give the movie some entertainment value .
 This movie BITES ! Started off funny and ok ... but then got REALLY weird ... Physco rodents is NOT what I was expecting or what I want my child to see ... glad I watched it before my 4 yr old did .
 G-Force is definitely one of those films that 's hard to categorize . In a way it reminds of many of Jerry Bruckheimer 's works in that it 's supposed to be an adventure flick with a bit of comedy but it somehow feels askew -LRB- Pirates of the Caribbean anyone ? -RRB- . All of that feeling transfers here but the difference is that this one is clearly targeted toward an even younger demographic which is bad for two reasons
 I thought this would be an interesting kids movie , but it is not worth watching . Do n't waste your time . Watch Ice Age
 Ben -LRB- Zach Galifianakis -RRB- has spent his life working with rodents . And it 's paid off . This FBI scientist has figure out a way to communicate with them and train them to go on covert missions . But his funding is about to be taken away . As a last second hail Mary , he sends out his crack team , consisting of a fly , three guinea pigs , and a mole , to infiltrate a house and get a file off a computer.The mission is a big success , or so it appears . The next day , at the review , things go horribly wrong and the project is shut down . The rodents manage to escape to a pet store , but the FBI wants them to keep the entire project completely secret . Can the rodents escape and foil the plot they 've uncovered ? Or will the FBI track them down first?I talked into seeing this movie by my roommate . The previews just never convinced me it would be great . And I was right.Now do n't get me wrong . There were some genuine laughs in the film . The mice we meet in the pet store stole the show , for example . I could n't stop laughing at them . The effects were very well done , too . But the majority of the movie was n't that great.The plot was full of cliches from start to finish . That 's not necessarily a deal killer for me , but the rest of the movie has to be good enough to make up for it , and it was n't . One of the big problems was that the movie just did n't feel like it was going anywhere . There were lots of jokes and pop cultural references , and I felt like they were designed to hide the fact that the plot was weak from us . Even the characters were flat and dull . And I really feel sorry for the humans in the movie who were little more than cardboard characters . Even the dialogue the characters had was so trite it was cringe worthy.If you can see this movie for free , you 'll find a few good laughs . But it is n't worth paying any money for .
 This was a poor attempt to sell a movie to kids with the technique of animal animation . The rodents were one-dimentional , unemotional , and failed to establish their own identity . Animals sell , and that is what the producer is counting on.The plot was weak and lack any credibility . This was just another `` animals being chased by the bad guys out to destroy the world '' movie . Have n't there been enough of them made so far ? Why another one ? The plot lacked a single ounce of creativity.The graphics were terrible , and void of modern technological advances . The movie relied on hyped up music and singing animals to provide any semblance of entertainment value . Weak!Finally the humor was terrible . The `` jokes '' were the type your 80 year old dad told 60 years ago . A little originality would have been nice.I hate to give a poor review to a kid 's movie , but this one was bad . Even the kids I watched the movie with were bored.Save your money , avoid this movie .
 Well , on the positive side this movie was clean without too much crude humor . Of course it had the gas passing humor that you find in most films of this genre . Negatively speaking this has to be one of the most boring and stupid movies that I have ever seen . It just was lacking something . I never really cared if the rodents suceeded in their mission or not .
 Not my cup of tea ! Just a typical young flaunting European female traveler . I met one over there once that was kinda typical of this one . I got away clean however and never looked back . I should have known better than to get involved with a pick up . Ha ! Yuk ! BB
 There are two powerful names in the credits . The first name belongs to the director and co-writer , although his was n't a powerful name when the movie was young . Yes , this is one of Francis Ford Coppola 's -LRB- credited as Francis Coppola -RRB- earliest films , and therefore a lot is expected of it . But the other name is an equal and opposite name . Threatens the credits
 Can you believe this movie is Francis Ford Coppola , and produced by Roger Corman ? Nether can the viewer . I am not sure how it made it to film . However it has collector value.Dementia 13 is not a bad movie ; it is a little dark in more ways than one . The just is nothing significant about it other than a few hacker scenes.We find our self in a Castle with a murderer who is bumping every one off . The question is `` who done it ? `` Was it Lizzie Borden or Jeffery Dalmer?Maybe it was mommy?Or the mad doctor?Who knows?This movie makes a good addition to slasher movies and it is not as mindless as most.Apocalypse Now - The Complete Dossier -LRB- Two-Disc Special Collector 's Edition -RRB-
 I watched this whole lousy show and the greatest part of the whole thing , reason enough to buy it , -LRB- and as a New Yorker who does n't like Carpet baggers with husbands who cheat on their wives , I was actually looking forward to getting this DVD just to have the true NY feelings about the `` queen '' available to show my friends -RRB- was ALTERED.What did the people who protect this woman from the truth do ? ... they altered the history like they wanted to alter the Fire Fighter monument ... hello 1984 . If for no other reason than this disservice to American history and freedom of speech , I would never buy this DVD or recommend it to anyone.If you ca n't reproduce what happened , change the name to the censored concert for NY City , because this DVD is an insult to the Fire Fighters and Police men who 's boos represented the larger portion of the audience that night .
 I would rate the concert itself 5 stars , but the DVD makes me mad , for several reasons . First of all , they cut out the booing from the audience during the Hillary Clinton segment , which I think is totally wrong , and not because I have anything against Hillary . They also cut out some of my favorite performances from the original concert broadcast -LRB- the first broadcast on VH1 , not the `` encore '' broadcast which was more similar to the DVD -RRB- , including the Goo Goo Dolls ' song `` Iris '' and an Eric Clapton song . It 's unfathomable to me why they cut those parts out.Furthermore -LRB- you will probably only care about this if you are a Bowie fan ! -RRB-
 When I saw that there was a DVD on Russian river cruises I immediately bought it , as we will begin to offer the river cruises to our clients this summer and wanted a `` teaser '' to excite people before they embark on their journey of Discovering Russia . The Russian river cruises between Moscow and St. Petersburg are quite popular as they give Americans an overview of Russia 's two main cities , as well as a glimpse of the historic villages , all in a degree of comfort and security . Cruising on the rivers is slow and easy , and very relaxing . Because the ship is always close to shore , people are able to see much of the beautiful countryside and have ample opportunities to photograph many exquisite and colorful onion-domed churches . In addition , you do n't have to pack and unpack each night , and the food and other facilities are far superior on board the ship than what these small towns have to offer.Unfortunately there is little to recommend in this DVD . Major issues : - poor video quality -LRB- seemingly from a hand-held unit -RRB- - almost half of video was of a tired folklore show -LRB- with poor sound quality -RRB- , and a vodka tasting -LRB- without any explanation of what different vodkas are being offered it becomes a vodka drinking , rather than tasting -RRB- . - no travel tips beyond the most basic -LRB- nothing , for instance , on weather , which can change immediately in the summer from sun to heavy rain , and then back to sun , or on the ever-popular questions regarding money-are there ATMs , should I use dollars or rubles or blue jeans -RRB- - no tour of the ship-inaccuracies in history -LRB- for instance , there was no Prince `` Yaroslavl '' , there was a prince `` Yaroslav '' -RRB- Given the superficial nature of the work , the comment that life has n't change in the last few centuries in the riverside towns was not surprising , but it is still completely inaccurate . Yes , when tourists get off their ships and see people wearing traditional dress , selling wood carvings and pickles , it appears that nothing has changed since the time of Ivan the Terrible , but this is about as accurate an indication of Russian life as Disneyworld is of American life.I only recommend this if you are looking to get a very quick glimpse as to what some of the towns look like on a Russian river cruise ; fortunately it is very reasonably priced so you can watch it just once . A trip to Russia will remain with you for a lifetime , and is well worth the expense and -LRB- at times -RRB- frustration , and the river cruises are an ideal way to see an overview of Russia . I hope that someday there will be a specific guide for Russian river cruises -LRB- as there are for the Trans-Siberian , something that far few Americans take than the river cruise -RRB- . Until that day , we are sending to our clients who take these cruises the book `` Lonely Planet 's Guide to Russia and Belarus '' as it covers most of the towns that a traveller will see on the cruises in an efficient and enjoyable -LRB- although not totally accurate and up-to-date -RRB- manner . For Moscow and St. Petersburg , the DK series is quite good-many color pictures , good background on the major sights . If you want a coffee-table type book and you want to explore Russian towns more thoroughly , the best book is William Brumfield 's `` History of Russian Architecture '' . Prof. Brumfield has over the last thirty years created a remarkable record of Russian architecture , both old and new -LRB- for which he has been awarded by the Russian government and by our Library of Congress -RRB- .
 I ordered this without benefit of having seen the previous reviews . Having taken the Russian river cruise , I was looking for something visually impressive by which to remember the sights and the journey . Unfortunately , this was not it . I concur in everything in the previous reviews . The content is superficial at best and does no justice to the country or to the cruise . The folklore show to which so much of the DVD is devoted is actually only an optional tour on most of the cruises , one which we elected to pass up with no regrets , while many of the more important sights were completely omitted . Finally , the photographic quality is just dreadful , not much better if any than an old home movie . This is not worth the money at any price .
 As people who are going to take the river cruise from St. Petersburg to Moscow this summer , we were anxiously awaiting the arrival of this DVD , quickly inserting it into the player minutes after the mail came . The fact that we actually sat thru the whole thing makes me wonder about ourselves . We are either saints or gluttons for punishment.We would like to concur with the opinions already given . We too wish we would have read the reviews before purchasing the DVD -LRB- a lesson we have learned for future things we buy -RRB- , as it was a total waste of money.Amazon.com has always provided such quality items in the past for us , so we were quite taken by surprise on this one . The camera work was poor -LRB- shaky , not steady -RRB- , the `` actor '' was not professional , exhibiting no life or excitement into what was being said ; mostly monotone in nature . Towards the end the music was too loud to hear what he was saying , and the editing was substandard . In some parts the actor 's mouth movements were not in sync with the sound being heard.The photography was definitely not professional -LRB- obviously a home-made production -RRB- and many scenes that could have been well done were not so because of lighting or the angle of the sun . A professional waits until the proper lighting is available or adjusts with the camera 's various settings to compensate.We agree with another reviewer that way too much time was spent on the folklore show , which seemed to go on and on . We finally ended up fast-forwarding thru it ! Just a minute or two of that would have given any viewer a taste of the Russian dances . And we too did n't see the point of the Vodka tasting
 This homemade DVD should not be something advertised for sale along with the professional quality DVDs that are also sold by Amazon . What a disappointment for me and a waste of good dollars.I would like my money back.blueskycinnamon@gmail.com
 As the the previous reviewer stated , the video quality is poor and I think that is actually being a bit generous . The video quality on this burned disk is just awful , nowhere near what you would expect from even a cheap commercially pressed DVD , and frankly not even as good as a high quality VHS tape in my opinion . Honestly , when I first put this disc in my Pioneer DVD player I thought there was something going wrong with my player , but a quick jump ahead through the chapters verified the poor video quality of the whole disc . If you are looking for good sharp video images of Russian scenic and historic places , forget it , this is more like a rather poorly done home video . I can not in good conscience recommend this to anyone .
 This has got to be one of the worst low budget movies of its kind . I have never seen such mess . The actors can not act at all , the sex scences are ridiculous , and the story line is horrible . They should be ashamed of putting this mess on the market to sale . It was n't even worth the few dollars I spent on it .
 I wasted money on this based on the wonderful Amazon Recommendations . I think this is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen . It was poorly shot , even for a low budget film , and was very boring . The acting was bad , almost but not quite humorously so . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I feel that this video is a complete rip-off - a mere 15 minutes of poor quality `` home '' video with amateurish voice-over . And the bulk of it is about tropical fish -LRB- and could be about any reef area in the Carribbean -RRB- rather than about the island of Grenada itself which is of course what the video title misleadingly states and is why I bought it in the first place . Accordingly I would ` nt buy any other travel videos put out by this company .
 The DVD was defective , but from what I could view of it , it was not worth it . Do n't waste your money ...
 W was about as bland as a movie can get . There was very little in it to capture my interest . To be fair , making a film about a contemporary president is bound to be difficult . First of all , there is the unsurmountable problem that everyone has first-hand experience of your subject , which means there 's nothing you can say that your audience does n't already know . Second , there is the specter of lawsuits , which means there 's nothing you can say that your audience does n't already know.But -LRB- seriously -RRB- the third and most serious obstacle to making a film about an outgoing president is that it 's an impossible undertaking . Current history , as we live it -- with all its emotional charge , its controversy , and its still warm bodies -- is always going to trump its representations , even one made by Oliver Stone . Moreover , there was no emotional punch to Stone 's characters , which meant that there was no punch to the movie , much less a point . -LRB- `` Ex-alcoholic , spoiled , not-too-bright , frat boy with an inferiority complex , money and a good memory for names becomes president '' is an observation , not a point . -RRB- Without emotional depth or intellectual content there simply was n't a story.And that , dear readers , is probably the best summary of both Oliver Stone 's imitation `` W '' and the real one .
 I have seen George W. Bush on TV many times but I confess I knew little about him . Watching this movie , I do not feel that I have learned much about him or what drives him . I could not even identify the character I have seen on TV with the actor . I then read up on George W. Bush in the Wikipedia and I do not think that this movie is a fair representation of the man.The acting itself is not particular good . No character struck me as playing particularly good except for Toby Jones.The filming was only ordinary .
 i saw nixon the day prior and to say i was let down by this one is an understatement ... brolin was decent , whoever played the part of rice was horrible ... it just seemed like a really poorly acted , scripted movie ... no insights , no real life portrayals of the struggles in the white house , especially between bush and cheney in the later years ... turned those 8 horrible years into a joke ... a horrible joke most of us have suffered through ...
 I ca n't believe such high caliber actors would embarrass themselves to this degree.Josh Brolin ... Richard Dreyfuss ... James Cromwell ... Jeffrey Wright ... Toby Jones ... Ellen Burstyn , etc. . I literally felt embarrassed for them . And you know some of them probably did this for free just for the chance to `` show the Bush administration . `` There are movies that are bad ... then really bad movies ... then bad `` made for TV movies '' and bad movies barely show on TV . This movie is the toilet paper in the dirty bathroom of the gas station where bad movies barely shown on TV buys its cigarettes .
 I 'd been hoping to see W since it was released years ago . Last night , I finally caught a TV airing and sat down to watch . It was AWFUL , the way a plane crash is awful where everyone burns to death in front of you . I do admit , I 'm no fan of George W Bush . I believe he was incompetent as President and did a lot of harm to our country and its international reputation . I ca n't think of one thing he did that I find redeemable to his legacy . That said , I had no incentive to change my mind based on this movie . Stone portrays Bush as a whiny , dumb , ignorant , petulant , selfish , pretty boy . He is a drunk and an ugly one at that -LRB- perhaps there 's no other kind -RRB- . The scene at the party where he meets Laura Welch is amazing . She is gorgeous and educated . He is drunk , barely lucid . What she saw in him is beyond me , unless it was just the fact that he would take care of her and her life would be interesting due to his family -LRB- this is alluded to in a scene in the movie -RRB- . Not long after the party scene , I stopped watching and balanced my checkbook , a far more interesting project than watching the movie . I knew it just was n't going to be possible for me to care about this non-person -LRB- remember , this is how Stone seemed to portray him -RRB- who felt the world owed him something even though he was at the bottom of the barrel in terms of the members of his family . Unless you are a Bush fan and can deal with a rehash of his life , skip this movie . Please .
 The basic problem with the film 's narrative is that it simply goes nowhere for no reason , and this is summed up in the film 's final dream scene - and the film is so pointless that my iterating its end will not matter one iota . W. dreams he is playing centerfield for his old baseball team , the Texas Rangers . A ball is hit , he runs back to the centerfield wall to catch it , as he did in an earlier dream scene . Except , this time the ball never comes down . W. just looks up into the heavens with a goofy look on his face , clueless as ever . While the ending may simultaneously capture the real confusion of the real President as well as Stone 's caricature , it also recapitulates the superficial glibness of Stone 's whole film . It is shallow , dull , and can not even induce the hatred inspired by the real W. Yet , even if one accepts that there is no ` there ' there , inside of the President , could not Stone have at least turned his guns on the American electorate for electing such an idiot ? In an earlier film of Stone 's , Natural Born Killers , Stone really tore the American consumerate a new hole . Granted that film was over the top where this film is too reserved , even as both are broad in their portraits . But Natural Born Killers , at least , had balls , and skewered the average American . W. , by contrast , is a eunuch , and Joe Average gets off as easily as W. , the real man , has.That stated , the two extremes mentioned in those two films are not the only way Stone could have gone . As example , look to Nixon , and the scene where Nixon -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- forces Secretary Of State Henry Kissinger -LRB- Paul Sorvino -RRB- to pray with him during the Watergate tumult . Now , if there were ever two real men ripe for parody -LRB- especially at such a moment -RRB- it was Nixon and Kissinger . Yet , the scene , as played and filmed , is actually quite moving . Granted , part of this is because Hopkins and Sorvino are great actors , whereas Josh Brolin and the bulk of this film 's cast are not . But , the screenplay was also far better , and showed Nixon as a complex if base , man . W. , by contrast , is the aforementioned cipher , and , given that so much of this film relies on the fact that its audience will know much of the political minutia , for having lived through these years , this does not bode well for future viewers to whom Bush 's usual suspects will seem bizarre creatures from another dimension.Often , in art , a work of art is esteemed as great , not because it is technically , aesthetically , nor creatively , great , but merely because it represents a great break , or a great step forward , from what the art form offered before . What it does is not as important as what it symbolizes or represents , ideatively . Examples of this can be seen in the rather rote epopee of Homer and Virgil , the bloated religious didacticism of Dante or John Milton , the predictable comic convolutions of Charles Dickens , or some of the lesser works of Cubism , or any other school of art . Oliver Stone 's latest film , W. , oddly seems to invert that truism . It is a regression from not only Stone 's earlier , greater films , but from satire itself . It also represents a regression for Stone even as the film is , on the surface , more entertaining than his recent offerings . But , this is a man capable of greatness , and a greatness of Shakespearian levels.This film 's failure , then , most likely is Stone 's unwitting admission that his slow descent into irrelevance and artistic anomy will be unabated . The same thing has occurred to other great American filmmakers like Woody Allen , Francis Ford Coppola , and Martin Scorsese -LRB- despite his recent ` career ' Oscar for The Departed -RRB- , but it makes it none the less sad and frustrating for his viewers . If only he had shown the nerve to try , this time out , one might have been able to forgive him his failure . But , Stone 's own uninspired direction and effort can only elicit a shrug from fans of his work . Like breeds like - a point Stone seems to have wanted this film to make , but ... yawn .
 There was a time , very long ago , that Oliver Stone made relevant movies , granted he always had an ax to grind , but his movies were not provocative , just to be provocative . W. is a perfect example , it 's obvious Stone is no fan of the former president , but he tries I suppose in his own warped way to understand Bush , and im sure he feels he was fair , but really this is just a badly filmed pseudo intellectual mess . The performances are all over the place , it 's like the actors are as confused as the director . Brolin is passable as Bush , but he really doesnt ever make you forget that you are watching a caracature . . the rest of the cast does sort of bad imatations , with the execteption of the singular Cromwell as Poppy , not really sure 41 was like this , but it 's a riviting performance none the less . . but really there is nothing to recommend here . . it 's Stone at his most indulgent . . granted this mess is not as bad as Alexander . . high praise indeed .
 I was quite disappointed in Oliver Stone 's `` W. `` He does a terrific job of portraying George W. Bush as a psychological basket-case . And this is fine . W. was and is a personality of feeble intellect and stunted , 7-year-old emotions.But that 's all Stone does.He leaves it at that.Imagine if a movie were made about Hitler or Stalin and only covered their psychological problems . No doubt they had them . But the only reason people would care is the enormity of their crimes.Same here.SOME time should have been devoted to W 's idiotic , murderous , neglectful , help-the-rich and kick-the-poor policies.On the other hand , Thandie Newton is terrific as Condoleeza Rice ; and Richard Dreyfus is superb as Cheney .
 I 've been renting and watching movies which feature scenes inside the White House , to see how the inner circle works . `` 13 Days '' is by far the best I 've seen . I 've read the memoirs of many of the central players in Stone 's cast , CIA Director Geo . Tenet , Colin Powell , Undersecretary of Defense Feith , former CINCs . While I disagree with them on various points , none of them seem to differ on Bush 's persona . He was not retarded , as Stone portrays him . They all say he was business , very presidential . Watching this utter craphole of a movie , I thought I was watching a Saturday Night Live comedy sketch , something Lorne Greene would give us . Yes , it was that silly . I was embarrassed for Oliver Stone , embarrassed for everyone in it . When the actors in it went to the premier and saw the edited version for the first time , they surely must have walked out with jackets covering their heads , it was that bad . Thinking there might be something worthwhile in the commentary , I watched it again with Stone 's comments running ... and he pretty much spells out his entire liberal philosophy on life . Contrary to what reviewer `` Jon '' would hv you believe , Stone does n't put a conservative spin on anything , far from it . Stone launches into liberal diatribes while at the same time admitting he does n't really know the man , says he and his writer , Stanley Weiser , are just guessing what he 's like , making scenes up , taking dramatic license , fabricating dialogue from thin air . . saying stuff like , `` I thought doing the two scenes on the toilet shows us the real George Bush , a man who has no home . '' That 's not a dignified or respected director 's work , that 's a sophomoric high school student trying to be funny in a class project short . And that 's the way the whole film comes across , sophomoric and high school , only with a larger budget . At the end , Stone says the Administration was a failure not only to liberals like himself but also to conservatives , with the budget deficits and destroying of the Constitution . . Wonder what Stone thinks about the Obama Administration which really is destroying the Constitution and is running a larger deficit in 1 year than Bush 's 8 years . What will Stone 's take on the Obama White House look like ? Probably a cartoon entitled B. HUSSEIN O. with three scenes of Pres. BO on the toilet . Save 2 hrs of your life , there was nothing redeeming about this movie . The acting was particularly strained , cardboard , and awful by all , EXCEPT for Keach who masterfully plays the preacher with the hairlip , and the guy who resigns at the Pecan Pie meeting - who was hired for that one scene and was the only believable actor in it . I do n't know how `` Jon '' got his review so wrong , he obviously did n't watch the movie or listen to Stone 's commentary track . Ca n't wait for B.O. to come out before the 2012 election .
 As someone said in an earlier review , `` If you hate Bush , you 'll probably like this ... '' Well , I hate Bush and I hated the movie ! Unlike with Nixon , Stone was too easy on him . I suspect , however , that the film reflects most of the truth . As much as I diagree with all that Bush was about , I think that he was genuine in his love for this Country and meant the best for it . I was just a bit shocked that Stone let him off the hook so easily .
 WARNING !!! THIS title does NOT work on AUSTRALIAN PLAYERS . Contrary to what this web site says , IT IS REGION ONE !!!
 After I downloaded the movie W. , the movie stops playing at 1 hour 42 min . I have deleted the file and the Unbox player and reinstalled and downloaded the movie and THE EXACT THINGS HAPPENS AGAIN AT THE SAME TIME AS BEFORE !! Amazon has really disappointed me this time because the purchase is useless to me . Even the troubleshooter within Unbox can not fix this AND AMAZON STILL HAS MY MONEY FOR ONLY 3/4th of a movie that I paid for . I am thinking that I will go back to BlockBuster movie downloads in the future since I have no problems with digital downloads with that company . As of this date , 3-8-09 NOBODY FROM AMAZON has contacted me for a resolve to this issue . How ` bout that customer service ?
 I realize I am a latecomer in the reviews for this film , and Obama is succeeding in his competition for the title of our worst president -LRB- is n't it convenient that as of yesterday , he is able to take credit for killing Bin Laden ... just in time for his re-election campaign ? -RRB- . However , I expected much more from the director of JFK -LRB- which still does n't do justice to the conspiracy , but at least debunks the Warren Commission -RRB- . I 'm only about 1/2 an hour into this film , and I have already spotted some glaring errors . There 's Phi Delta Kappa , the fake fraternity that W is shown being initiated into -LRB- apparently Stone has been intimidated into keeping silent that W is a Bonesman -RRB- , and W claiming to be a Texan -LRB- he was born in Maine -RRB- and an Episcopalian -LRB- he 's a Catholic -RRB- , and there 's still another 90 minutes to go!The best film out there if you want the truth about both W and 911 is Alex Jones 911-The Road to Tyranny .
 I think the movie , `` W '' was well-done , although it 's not my favorite . That 's probably because it 's about politics , one of my least favorite subjects . Richard Dreyfuss and Josh Brolin were the only actors I knew by name , but the movie still held my attention with all the punches ` George W. Bush ' gave ; that was what made the movie interesting .
 Stone , ever the friend of Hugo Chavez , manages to make a boring movie about the first American President who virtually by his will alone manages to free millions of Iraqi 's from a tyrant and his homocidal sons . Providing a chance for rule by the people -LRB- not okay with Stone or Chavez - unless the `` people '' are really socialist rulers -RRB- may be the most pernicious assault on the oppressive regimes of the arabic world . If freedom takes root , `` W '' may yet be born out by history . Meanwhile Oliver 's boring little movie , which I struggled to get through , will go down as one of his least history rewriting films . Even Brolin 's acting is weak . But no matter -- we await with breathless anticipation Stone 's coming and glowing movies on `` Chavez ! '' and `` Che ! '' and `` Ahmindinajad ! '' Count on them to get great reviews from the N.Y. Slimes -- errr N.Y. Times .
 Needless to say , movie stinks , especially for a sitting president at the time of it 's release . I think Stone should now make the movie `` 0 '' and show how Obama is paying off all his buddies , or make fun of how much of an idiot he looks like everytime he opens his mouth , or how inept he is at the job he worked so hard to win , that will never happen . You can go ahead an trust all the wonderful reviews of the drones on here that all seem to have some sort of unified thought pumped into their minds kinda like the borg in startrek , oh wait they do , it 's called the news and hollywood , never mind .
 This movie will not tell you anything more about the Bush presidency than you do n't know already . It glazes over Bush 's life , and presidency , and most of it is probably NOT factual . It will not help you understand why decisions were made . Oliver Stone does not uncover any `` plots '' . It is simply a silly movie that basically tests the actors to see who can do the best impersonations of the real-life characters they are imitating -LRB- The award goes to Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney -RRB- . Do not buy this movie . It is the worst waste of money . I was sorry I spent money to see it in the theater . 1 Star is an OVER-rating .
 This is a mixture of some truth mixed with a liberal viewpoint . Oliver Stone made a statement to the movie world thru his own beliefs as usual . I found it cruel and unfair to our former president . The only good thing was I think the actors did a good job with accents . I bought this to give to my Dad -LRB- who is a Democrat -RRB- thinking he would like it , but I am too embarrased to give it to him now . People deserve their dignity , and I do n't think it was given in this movie .
 I did n't need this boring , long winded movie to tell me just how insane , stupid and inbred that man really is . I was awake for the last eight years . Try to avoid this movie , unless you were n't .
 I get it when I watch a movie by Oliver Stone that he 's gon na bring his own personal agenda into it . However , I 'd been pleasantly surprised by his filmmaking before like 9/11 where he remained solemn and pretty much politically neutral . But he threw all of that out the window in making W. I voted for George W. Bush twice and appreciated his strong leadership through some very difficult moments in our nation 's history guided by his faith in God who sustained him through it all . Stone chose to mock Bush 's faith and attempt to paint him as a hypocrite and a blundering idiot . He is neither . President Bush did more good for this country than people give him credit for which has become all the more apparent with the buffoon who 's running the White House these days . At every opportunity in W , we see Bush made to look like a little kid who needs to be reprimanded and George W. Bush deserves better than this . I 'll give Josh Brolin credit , he got the role down perfect -- although I 'm sure Oliver Stone coached him to play up the idiocy more than what the real President Bush exhibited . I suffered my way through the entire flick and left wondering what the point of this film was beyond bashing what history will show as one of the most monumental presidencies in our nation 's history . GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH !
 I personally thought that Stone really dropped the ball on this film . `` JFK '' is one of the best political films ever , and `` W '' is more like a extra long version of a SNL skit . The portrayals of W 's staff were more parodies than portrayals . Thandie Newton is a great actress -LRB- NOT TO MENTION FINE -RRB- , but her performance as Rice was pathetic . What was even worse than that one was the one of Powell , Keanu Reeves could have made a better Colin Powell . The rest were almost as bad . All Stone accomplished was taking good actors and making them play bad parts to try and destroy the image of a sitting President . That is obvious to even the most casual observer .
 W. did n't tell us anything we did n't already know . Although George was almost charming in this movie , it did n't tell us anymore than we 've already seen on CNN . Personally I was hoping to see a little about the year before 911 and maybe some Paul O'Neil .
 this film is another example of oliver stone 's distorted view of america and it 's political leaders , and in this instance it is nothing more than his leftist imagination running out of control . in this film he takes a number of actual events and then creates his own version of the conversations that might have occurred at that time while making it seem like they actually happened . in each instance he goes to great lengths to make the president seem like an arrogant and uninformed gunslinger . there is no reason to believe any of the purported dialogue actually happened , and if you are looking for a historical film based on reality , this is not it . stay tuned for stone 's upcoming films on che guervara , mao tse tung , pol pot , and other stone heroes for i am sure that they will be full of praise for them , and will gloss over their record of butchery .
 I purchased the movie with some scepticism . As I have always believed , `` Consider the Source '' . The scepticism payed off . Oliver Stone has always been known as a liberal thinking leftist . How do we think he will show George W. Bush to be other than an alcoholic , lazy fool . We should try to remember that Bush was elected by the american people for two consecutive terms of office . He must have done something right . Stone did his best to show George W. to be a complete idiot using lies to confuse the viewers of the film and mixing lies with the truth to attack the former president . The film was very difficult to fallow due to the broken lapses of time , back and forth and so on . I was not only very dissapointed with Stone 's film making , but was apalled by the total lack of honesty in giving a true story of George W. Bush 's life and administration . In the past I have always enjoied Oliver Stone 's films such as Wall Street , Platoon , Talk Radio and JFK . He did well with these films . But I find `` W. '' to be a complete failure . Better luck in the future , Oliver !
 As usual , we have a producer/director that thinks he knows what 's going on in the world ; when , in my opinion , it 's all in his own mind . The movie , in my opinion , is totally slanted . Portraying W as weak and readily lead to decisions by any one . Tell me , those of you that think that you are so intelligent , what would you have done if you were president when the tragedy of 9/11 happened ? How about having the worst hurricane season right after ? No , the problems in New Orleans were n't W 's fault after Katrina . Look to the governer and mayor -LRB- who was elected again although he let New Orleans go to hell during Katrina -RRB- . At some point the people in the US have to start taking responsibility for themselves . Do I recommend the movie W ? Only if you want to push your problems off on the government . Then again , if you want to do that , you have to go back many years .
 one thing certain , Oliver Stone does n't like GW Bush . i did n't vote for him the first time and i was somewhat dismayed when he took office , but this film is a hatchet job . i recall seeing something called Red , White and Maddox , a parody of Lester Maddox , the erstwhile leader of Georgia . this film is in the same vein . if you wish to make a parody , then call it that . how many people , after viewing W. will actually think that Stone 's portrait of W was something true to life , that he actually engaged in fistacuffs with his father , over every issue . if Oliver Stone wishes to make funny political satire , i suggest he view THE SENATOR WAS INDISCREET with William Powell . that film was a sidesplitting take of the goings on in Washington DC circa the late 1940 's . it tells the story of a bumbling senator 's campaign for the presential nomination , where he comes out foursquare against assasination , and utilizes the diary he 's kept for years which details the foilbles of everyone in politics as a wedge to keep his political life in high gear .
 This movie is worth watching only if interested in some facts and history . The world 's rotten politics is amazing . The politicians and analyst are worse.The acting is not worth mentioning . This is not a recommended movie
 One thing that immediately struck me when W came out was the odd timing . Why on earth would a filmmaker choose to put out a movie on the Bush presidency so close to its end when the end result will be a movie that lacks closure and feels unfinished ? Had the movie been spectacular , this could have been forgiven , but in many ways W. is a truly forgettable movie . I thinks it 's easy enough to leave politics out of whether or not you like this movie . I suppose if you do n't like Bush , chances are you 'll like W. , but that 's not really the point . I know people who despise Richard Nixon , but loved Frost/Nixon . The movie follows two separate timelines and jumps back and forth between the two . The first begins with college era Bush , the other begins right after 9/11 . There 's no real point to splitting the movie up in such a way , expect that had the story been told from start to finish , the movie might had been even worse . There are other continuity issues that cause serious problems as well . The most glaring issue is that many of the infamous `` Bushisms '' make appearances in the movie , but never in the context of when Bush actually said them . Someone made the decision to cram in as many of them as possible , whether or not it made sense to do so.The movie 's most serious issue though is that it ca n't decide whether or not it wants to be a parody/caricature , or a serious movie ... a comedy , or a drama . Bush 's character jumps back and forth between the two throughout the movie . Dick Cheney and Condi Rice seem like they 're straight out of an SNL skit , while Colin Powell and Donald Rumsfeld are played in a serious way . This is incredibly distracting and I think it speaks to the fundamental problem with this movie and that 's the fact that the ` story ' Oliver Stone wanted to tell does n't make for a good movie . It 's just not that interesting . Maybe Stone thought that because aspects of Bush are comedic for lack of a better term , they would make for a good movie , but that 's just not the case . If you 've paid more than just passing attention to the news during Bush 's presidency , you wo n't learn anything new . If you have n't been paying attention ... first of all what 's wrong with you ? Second , this would be a horrible place to start if you want to learn about the last 8 years .
 In this movie George W. Bush is depicted in his early years as a hard-drinking , opportunistic , ne'er - do-well who bumbles through life riding the coattails of his distant , disapproving father . Later on , after a moment of conversion , he is shown as a simplistic , religious fanatic who bulls his way to the presidency and who seeks nothing more than a kind word from George Sr. . Each of the characters is instead a caricature and the movie is full of misrepresentations and giant leaps of assumption about the interactions and motivations of the major protagonists . `` W '' is depicted as a cowboy who jumps on his horse and rides it to the bitter end , insisting that he is always right and never makes a mistake . Oliver Stone 's comment that this movie is not political is ridiculous and is only superseded by his assertion that he got `` into the skin of George Bush '' . The sad truth is that he never even scratched the surface .
 Love him or hate him
 So I watched W. , and I 'm torn.Josh Brolin 's protrayal of George W. Bush during the White House years is compelling and almost spot-on . However , his portrayal of the younger man is tooth-jarringly awful , with a broader accent and attitude that makes him look less like the spoiled , arrogant rich boy we know he was -LRB- and is -RRB- and more like a high-functioning mentally retarded inbred hillbilly . After fifteen minutes I went back to the start of the movie , keyed on the subtitles , and set the audio to the director 's commentary so I would n't have to hear that voice.More to the point of the movie itself , on reflection I 'm stunned but not surprised that every character other than Bush is a cardboard cutout . Cheney is an oil-obsessed Machiavelli dedicated to empire ; Rove is a toady more interested in winning elections than in any actual governing ; Powell is the ineffectual voice of sanity in an otherwise wholly incompetent Bush administration.George H. W. Bush is possibly the most cardboard cutout of them all . The keynote of Oliver Stone 's portrayal of Bush is that Dubya hates his daddy - resents him for being a better athlete , a war hero , more intelligent , and more successful in business . As such he decides to be everything the elder Bush is not - stubborn and inflexible -LRB- `` strong in spirit '' -RRB- , confrontational , and dogmatic . In support of this , we only see Bush I as a man disappointed in his son , but unwilling to actually discipline him or even confront him about his youthful excesses or his adult incompetence . There is no sign of ' 41 's positive qualities whatever . Apparently , in Stone 's view , the fecklessness of the father created the irresponsible , arrogant man of privilege we know today.Add to this the utterly superfluous and nonsensical bits of `` cinematography '' Stone throws in - three fantasy scenes in a baseball field , Dubya nearly choking to death on a chip , and a `` mystical '' scene on a jogging trail shot by someone deep in the throes of an LSD trip - and the film is , put mildly , deeply dissatisfying.Stone claims to have done deep research for this film , and a short feature packed with the DVD should be an introduction to any course on what was wrong with the Bush presidency . -LRB- This short feature was NOT done by Stone himself . -RRB- However , for the sake of his message -LRB- that Dubya became what he is because people around him were `` enablers '' -RRB- Stone takes liberties with the facts - including turning Laura Bush from the final factor in Dubya giving up the bottle to a meek woman willing to accept threatened spousal abuse . The frequent use of `` unsourced '' -LRB- translated
 This film is an awful insult to a GREAT president , I am unfathomably appalled by how the average American feels towards Bush . He was a vital asset to this country in very trying times , he had to make some extremely difficult decisions during his time in office and I think that he made nearly every single one of them correctly . This movie is merely a statement of the ignorance of the American public , primarily those in Hollywood . Do not support this propaganda !
 I do n't like Oliver Stone and his movies -LRB- except World Trade Center -RRB- and I think he 's a stupid film maker . This movie is another failure like Alexandre and JFK ... . I think one star is even too much for it . -LRB- -LRB- BDS stands for Bush Derangement Syndrome - I believe Oliver Stone suffers from BDS too -RRB- -RRB-
 This is one of the worst made movies I have ever seen . It is a mess , tells the most confused view of Bush I have ever seen , suggests there was a little good a little bad in the man , nothing new and no insights either good or bad . What a waste of time -LRB- for reference Fahrenheit 911 I thought was brilliantly made - one either hated it or loved it , but it was well made and sure got its point across . -RRB- W gets nothing across other than the director had not a clue about what he was doing or even trying to do .
 All political opinions aside , W. is a huge disappointment of a movie and will more than likely manage to please only the most ardently blind and slave-minded of Bush haters.To start with , Stone 's blind hatred of Bush administration members Rice , Rumsfield and Cheney ; and his love affair with Powell is as obvious as a supernova.Stone tries to portray Cheney as an imperialist and a warmonger , Rice as a brainless court monkey and Rumsfield as a pervert.The movie contains several instances of complete and utter BS that Stone has trumped up in an attempt to cover the fact that he obviously did next to no real research in the writing of this film and had absolutely no intention of showing the audience anything more than a pack of half truths , misconceptions and flat out lies.I would say that Stone 's film borders on treason if it were n't so completely ridiculous and such a poor representation of reality.Speaking as an Iraq veteran and former military journalist , and as someone who has actually met and spoken to former Vice President Dick Cheney , Stone is a shameless liar who has proved with this film his irrelevance in the modern world.The only bright spot of this aging liberal 's wet dream of a movie is Josh Brolin 's incredible performance as Bush .
 When will it ever end ?? ... the movie I mean . I realize evil political machinations will continue until arageddon . Omigosh ! Take the advice of other reviewers and rent or borrow this DVD from the library before putting your hard earned bucks in it ! Most of the characters appeared to adequately `` represent '' in some fashion their counterparts in `` real life , '' although , Barbara Bush , the only character I was actually privleged to meet , seem quite different when I shook her hand . -LRB- Of course , she could have been shamming me for the vote she did not get . -RRB- For a different point of view for motivations , read `` Armed Madhouse '' by Greg Palast -LRB- Available from Amazon -RRB- . A film such as this makes one demand that beer be sold at the theater . The soundtrack , however , although not an `` Easy Rider , '' was pretty good . The Robin Hood theme pepped things up and the Norman Greenbaum `` Spirit in the Sky '' was a hoot , although `` The Eggplant That Ate Chicago '' could have been a satiric additional reflection of the main character 's integrity .
 Not much needs to be said about this film , because the film did n't have much to say either -- nothing new , at least . Any American who has been at least semi-conscious for the past eight years knows that Bush got us into an expensive war based on false information put forward as absolute fact ; failed to capture and punish those responsible for 9/11 , that Bush countenanced war crimes by Americans ; that Bush violated the fourth amendment to the Constitution ; that Bush had people held without charges , without legal representation , The list probably includes another list of things we do n't yet know about.Oliver Stone 's film covers the Bush administration , but so what ? Tell us something we do n't know . The acting is mostly okay but a little wooden at times . Brolin 's Bush comes across as a buffoon , an ex-drunk who used religion as a cover for his sins . But everyone already knew that.I would n't recommend this film to people of any political stripe . It 's just not worth one 's time .
 It is necessary for me to start by saying that I have never been a fan of Oliver Stone 's films . Part of filmmaking , in my opinion , a necessary part of every film , is to , in some way ; entertain the people watching the film . Many films also educate , inform , incite , but entertainment needs to be a part of the equation of any successful film . Too often , Stone is so intent on getting his message across , he begins to beat the viewer over the head with these ideas . Subtlety is lost . When the film becomes a lecture , it is no longer entertaining . So I often avoid Stone 's films or catch them on DVD.But I should also say I am a very liberal Democrat , which is why I went to see `` W '' . The liberal Democrat in me was stronger than my distaste for Stone 's films.But `` W '' is not a good film . Apparently , Stone was so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election , he fast-tracked the project , rushing every aspect of production . And it quite frankly shows on the screen . When I exited the theater after the screening , my companion and I both agreed the film was on a par with a television movie . Something you might see on Lifetime Television.Why was Stone so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election ? What effect did he hope it would have ? Bush is n't up for reelection . I do n't get it.But to have any kind of power , the film has to show us something new . Something we did n't already know . Something the average viewer could n't have already gleamed from a mixture of skits on `` The Daily Show with Jon Stewart '' or `` Saturday Night Live '' or through various exposes in magazines like `` Vanity Fair '' . And `` W '' does n't tell us anything new . The `` big '' revelation the film seems intent on beating us over the head with is little more interesting than your average TV movie . `` W '' simply dies on screen . Which is a shame . Because as much as I dislike Stone 's films , I dislike the work of our current president even more and would have loved to see a truly great , insightful look at everything that went wrong with his presidency.A far better expose of the 43rd President continues to lie in Michael Moore 's film `` Fahrenheit 9/11 '' . Check that out instead . Moore delves into the various political and business connections of the Bush family and their political co-horts , connecting the dots for us to see.That said , there is one reason to watch `` W '' , maybe when it appears on DVD or cable -LRB- Lifetime ? -RRB- . And that one reason is Josh Brolin 's portrayal of Bush 43 . From the moment Brolin appears on screen , he seems to be channeling something deep , very deep , to make this character interesting and multi-faceted . Perhaps more interesting and multi-faceted than he has a right to be based on the writing and directing.We initially meet W as he leads a meeting of his senior staff at the White House , trying to come up with the `` Axis of Evil '' speech . Then , through a series of flashbacks , we see a few moments in W 's early life ; presumably to give us an idea of what led to this man becoming President . He gets hazed at Yale , he gets bailed out of jail by ` Poppy ' -LRB- James Cromwell -RRB- and he quickly gives up on a job on an oil rig . Poppy , who is running for the Senate , does n't know what to do with the boy , especially since Jeb is going to graduate with honors . And you get a clue about Stone 's theory about how W became the President . It 's a weak theory , especially as portrayed in the film , which is part of the significant problem with `` W '' . The flashbacks seem particularly rushed , even unfocused . Is Stone 's theory about this man really that superficial?Then one fateful night , Poppy asks W to run his campaign for President . Bush 43 comes up with the Willie Horton ad against Michael Dukakis . And the rest is history.Brolin does a good job of portraying Bush and often walks a fine line , tottering between caricature and an actual attempt at creating a meaningful performance . There are moments when Bush seems in charge and other moments when he seems like a fool , ripe for leading by Karl Rove -LRB- Toby Jones -RRB- and Dick Cheney -LRB- Richard Dreyfuss -RRB- . It is an interesting , intelligent performance for a man I do n't think necessarily deserves such treatment.The rest of the cast is much more problematic . Thandie Newton -LRB- `` Mission
 Oliver Stone establishes at the beginning of `` W. '' that 's it 's fictional , with George Jr. imagining he 's the Texas Rangers centerfielder . Conversations are invented , facts altered , important players eliminated , composite characters presented as real . Later , there 's a dream sequence where Jesus tells Dubya to run for president , him drifting off to fantasy land during a strategy session and a nightmare of Pappy Bush challenging him to a fistfight.He 's portrayed as two-faced
 but even that is cutting . You watch and say `` He was elected twice ! '' What will future generations say ?
 Watching this jumbled , poorly motivated movie , baffling where it tries to be funny and hilarious where it tries to be straightforward , I have to ask
 Its interesting how time takes its toll on art , music , movies and the truth . I was happy that Oliver Stone rushed this film into theaters in hopes that its extremely unfavorable painting of the current President would help John Kerry defeat him . Theater goers stayed away in droves ... maybe due to the poor reviews maybe because they felt they were living it and too close -LRB- my reasoning -RRB- and others maybe pulled the plug on believing Oliver Stone could make anything relevant a decade before.Now that we have plenty of accurate accounts of the events portrayed in this film its clear it was historically wrong -LRB- a book could be written on that alone -RRB- and on top of that poor film making . Oliver Stone 's cement style heavy handed approach seems directed to either left wing haters or those in the audience with IQs in the double digits . This story should , and still could , be done in a way which is less black and white and much much more in the mid tones . Stone 's portrayal of these individuals is extremely one dimensional and often comical ! For a glimpse at how ridiculous this movie is just listen to the actress playing Condi Rice for five seconds and you can get an accurate gauge on the entire movie . These are real life people and yet the screenplay and movie inject less into them than a good movie with imagined characters ! How can you take this movie maker seriously when he refuses to inject any humanity into anybody in the story he does not like?Its almost impossible to make a movie of events while they are still unfolding ... and Stone 's joke of a film W. proves that . Stone is chasing relevance with his film making for some time and continuing to fail ... football , 911 , George Bush , and more recently Wall Street again.If he has to keep making movies perhaps he should find another Tarantino -LRB- who scripted Natural Born Killers -RRB- and just direct a brilliant script by somebody who actually HAS a voice . His chasing trends instead of setting them ... has failed.I would recommend this movie to people who enjoy train wrecks and car crashes ... because that is what this is.If you want to have fun at George W Bush 's expense ... then watch the hilarious Will Ferrell DVDWill Ferrell
 The main problem I have with this movie is that it covers all the bad things and none of the good . George Bush was a two term governor and two term president . You just do n't get elected to these offices unless you have something going for you . George Bush led us through 9/11 and showed real leadership - none of that is covered in the movie . None of the debates were covered and Bush did well in the debates . George Bush is a very normal , down to earth person but I did not get the feel for that watching this movie . The movie made him to be dumb and inept - and I feel the movie did not treat him fairly . If you watch the movie `` Primary Colors '' which is a story that mimics Bill Clinton 's rise to the presidency - it shows his transgressions but also shows his strengths - it was much more balanced . This could have been a good movie but Oliver Stone was more content to take pot shots at President Bush - we certainly know where Mr. Stone stands politically after watching this movie , a failed effort .
 A let down ... pretty boring . I did n't even finish the whole thing . I rented it mainly because of Josh Brolin and his past roles .
 The only reason I gave this 2 stars and not one star is because of Josh Brolin . And did Chris Crocker write the script ? Because this movie is too sympathetic . In fact , it should be called `` Leave Bush alone ! '' . Granted , Brolin 's performance is great . It 's almost like watching George W. himself play the role.I agree this movie had lots of potential . It 's a look at George W. Bush 's presidency , and I admire Stone for trying to do that . Howver , just because you did it with `` JFK '' -LRB- which is a fantastic movie IMO -RRB- , does n't mean you should do one for Bush . That said , this movie fails to reach its potential because the whole time it seems as if it 's trying to get us to sympathize -LRB- sp ? -RRB- for Bush.There are some good moments in the film and they do highlight some of the actual events in Bush 's reign . But other than that , unless you actually do sympathize for Bush , this movie is a complete waste of time .
 I 'm not going to lie . I did not like this movie . I am one of the suckers that bought this movie . I should have rented it . The Conda-LEEza Rice impression would have been worth three bucks , but not $ 25 . I found it dull and did n't really discover anything new . The best recommendation I have for this movie is to go rent it if you really want to see it and then judge for yourself if you really want to buy it.The characterizations are funny , but do n't carry this boring story . Unless you love George W. Bush or been living under a rock the last eight years , why bother ?
 I have an abiding interest in American politics , and by extension the personalities and philosophies of our presidents . That made the PBS American Experience series on the presidents a natural choice . I thought I should give this dramatized depiction a try , especially considering how well the former president seems to lend himself to parody.This film , though , is n't aimed at parody . It 's certainly silly , and perhaps intended for the shortest-attention , lowest-common-denominator audience . It 's certainly not serious from a documentary or biographical perspective . Most of the content seems embellished . The only framing is a handful of major events of which most Americans are already aware.The actors are clearly intended to represent actual politicians , but their looks / voices / mannerisms are far from convincing . The result is a sort of uncanny valley , where you expect these actors to represent reality but they have flaws that are hard to pinpoint exactly . It 's not even a psychoanalysis , because any introspection is superficial and stereotypical . On that note , the constant riffs on Bush 's Texas heritage and accent wear out quickly.In terms of other story elements
 So easy for people to applaud a movie like this when you still have both of your legs , are NOT on almost 10 medications just for your head alone due to severe PTSD , nightmares and panic attacks ... Oh , and you basically do n't LIVE at the VA hospital and do n't have the privilege to compare mental inpatient treatment programs across the globe about every other year . I am only 32 years old , for Christ 's sake -LRB- which is actually OLD compared to most of the injured vets that have come home/coming home -RRB- ! His place in history for me ? A murderer of my comrades as well as The American version of a `` dictator . '' ... And I may actually have to tell my grandchildren -LRB- if I live to have any -RRB- that this man was my `` Commander-In-Chief . '' Yes , I am extremely angry , and have every right to be . It will take me AGES to heal . Now choke on that . I guess ignorance really is bliss , heh .
 On a side note , I hope Oliver Stone was joking in an appearance he made on The Colbert Report when he praised George W. Bush 's presidency and said he was the greatest president in history . He scares me sometimes , Stone does.On another note , the movie does not feel much at all like an Oliver Stone-type movie , though it has enough of his style in it
 The movie was a clear attempt to make Bush look like a complete fool . Did Stone really need to show him in the bathroom wiping ???? Is Bush always eating ? When he eats is he always talking ? Is the Bush family really that dysfunctional and hateful to each other ? I know its just one mans `` story '' of another mans life , but it almost seemed like it could have been done by Michael Moore as it was so one sided .
 This film is just a political cartoon showing a caricature of George Bush . I 've seen George Bush interviews on TV many many times . I 've read books about Bush from several different authors . -LRB- I read a lot of books about historical figures . -RRB- My Dad has interacted with George W Bush . The film fails to show the friendly compassionate Bush that so many talk about . I 'm no fan of George W Bush 's politics , but this film is a flat one sided approach to a person who has a friendly compassionate side that does n't show up in the film .
 the acting was good , I thought it was a fair depiction of our former president . Not too negative and not too positive , The acting was very good
 Oliver Stone has proven once and for all that his agenda has destroyed his artistic insight and objectivity . This movie is dreadful , it is as if Stone was picked on by some bully kid named W. in elementary school and has sworn revenge . He offers `` insights ' that he could not possibly know and plays the Bush family as a bunch of power mad zealots with George W. as a buffoon and George H.W. as a whiny weak man . Stone clearly has an agenda here , He shows Dick Cheney and Karl Rove as the puppetmasters controlling the BUsh administration and Condeleesa Rice as an Uncle Tom-ish character . This is a hatchet job if ever there was one . W. may not have been the most articulate of statesmen but he was never mean , this depiction is just plain mean spirited and unwarranted , and most importantly it is n't even good film making .
 This latest peice of Stone crypto-conservative misdirection all but overlooks the single major factor in all the decisions that affected the Bush family 's lives
 This was a painful and skimmed-over review of the life of George W. Bush . It 's as if Oliver Stone had in mind to capture certain elements of Bush 's `` hidden agendas '' while in office , and as the `` brilliant film maker '' he continues to feel that he is , tried to display those agendas through underlying themes within the movie.Stone probably feels as many Americans do ; that Bush is so self-absorbed and narcissistic that he often `` misses the forest for the trees '' . And , that Stone himself would be able to pass an articulate piece of film making by this president as a historic and valuable piece of art , while exposing the Bush agenda and wrongdoings . -LRB- Kind of like Frost did with Nixon , only this would be in movie form . -RRB- I was in hopes that his film would rejuvenate my positive views of W. I voted for him in 2000 , but I was certain to not make that mistake again in 2004 . The W Administration was a joke and a blight on the history of America . I felt that Stone may be able to pull off something less generic and create something more personal so that I may make some sense of this President 's selfish , misguided and corrupt antics.The truth is , this film encapsulated many of the real facts of W 's life . None of which really give him the foundation to make a credible and responsible presidential leader of our country . W proves to be an uncaring , narcissistic , greedy man that can not ever admit any wrongdoings . He proves to be self-righteous , confused about his goals/direction , somewhat insecure , and growing up completely spoiled , as a child AND as a man.His personal life is wrought with family dysfunction as he lives in his father 's shadow . Sadly , W appears he will accept any sympathy anyone offers him for this kind of family dysfunction . It 's a disturbing film when you realize that W probably agreed to this work before its release and potentially feels that this film , in part , may put him in a better light . Or , worse yet , that this film may help distribute and absolve the blame and consequences of his faulty administration.The undertones of priming Jeb for an upcoming presidential election are quite obvious . And , I believe at some point during the making of this film , Stone sells out . I believe that he comes to realize that there is no perfect way to exploit the truths that would expose the Bushes , so he goes with the simplest path ; Those that are the generic and obvious truths that the Bush family would have to agree with . And sadly , that is precisely what you get .
 As one who had read quite a bit about the Bush Family and about W himself , his life , childhood and personality , this movie was a big disappointment . Giving ample space for artistic license , which I actually encourage , this still was too much caricature and too little authentic truth to leave a credible impression of what `` w '' really was like.W 's story , told with sensitivity and depth , and without rancor , is actually quite sufficient to carry a meaty if not a robust plot . However , this `` cartoon of W '' should have been beneath a filmmaker of Stone 's caliber . This movie even casts a negative shadow over some of Stone 's earlier work , which I actually thought was quite well done . However , in light of this `` rush to judge '' W badly , Stone screwed up.I left the movie thinking more about Stone than about `` W '' and that is a statement in itself.Two stars
 You can usually expect intense , provocative movies from Oliver Stone . He achieved something special with JFK and Nixon . I was expecting this would also be provocative and really have an opinion about Bush . Instead , its just a boring , standard biography . No insight or and special messages.A real disappointment .
 I was disapointed with this travelogue ! Specifically
 Had this not been subtitled `` A Winter Wonderland '' it would have rated three stars from me . While the production values are iffy -LRB- The sound levels are all over the place so that you 'll have to ride your remote control constantly to be able to hear the narrator but not be blasted out of your seat by the music track . In some places , the narration was actually drowned out by the music ! -RRB- there 's a lot of material in this rather short travelog.However , when something bills itself as a travelog about winter in Germany and Austria , I really expect more than a shot of the Christkindlmarket in each town visited , and some gratuitous snow shots right at the end . Instead of a film about the beauties and pleasures of winter in Germany/Austria , this is a pretty standard , and not particularly well-done travelog about some of the nicer spots in those two countries.Given the amount of territory they try to cover , it should have been about three times as long , and the narration should have been a bit more exciting . Everyone watching this at my house fell asleep ! Cuts are abrupt and disconcerting . We go from a somber segment on Dachau to a startlingly cheerful bit about Munich . Frankly , there are far better travel films on this subject .
 This is not your typical Jess Franco film . Completed at the end of 1979 and before he did a variation on his film ` EXORCISME ' -1974 with extra scenes and titled ` THE SADIST OF NOTRE DAME ' aka ` LE SADIQUE DE NOTRE DAME ' , this Euro sex comedy ` THE GIRLS OF THE COPACABANA ' aka ` LAS CHICAS DE COPACABANA ' is a bit tedious and nothing to recommend . Three students -LRB- two guys and a girl -RRB- in a variation on Director Francois Truffaut 's classic ` JULES AND JIM ' -1962 decide to fly to Rio from Paris to continue their threesome adventures in a series of disappointing vignettes including a cameo from Franco muse Lina Romay here playing Lia , the Brazilian nymph of all things . If you like travelogues with grainy footage , mediocre sex scenes -LRB- strange considering Franco is the master of the erotic -RRB- , and unfunny dated comedy , this is for you . The music score by alumnus Daniel White is the best thing about it . Televista releases it in a watchable full screen transfer which is perfect for the product . For Franco completists only .
 No scares . No suspense . No eerie atmosphere . No gore . No acting.Does anybody out there remember the l943 horror classic from Universal -- `` Captive Wild Woman ? '' Although it was considered a `` B '' movie , it was still beautifully produced , wonderfully acted with an unforgettable transformation of a beautiful woman -LRB- Acquanetta -RRB- into a hideous ape creature.Switch to this 2007 Master 's of Horror -- `` Deer Woman '' by one-time horror master , John Landis . There 's zero scares , blood , special effects and the Deer Woman is never once seen during her transformation.Instead , you have a hideously wretched script where absolutely nothing happens during the first 45 minutes . When the detectives decide to investigate the first murder in a freight truck , the door falls off and the detectives spend several minutes examining the door -- never once expressing any interest in the mutilated body in the cabin.And when we finally see the Deer Woman , you 're treated to an attractive , grinning , mute woman who says nothing to her victims . The men all act like idiots as they roll their eyes and say things like , `` Oh , man , this is my lucky night ? '' Or , `` Wow , I did n't think I 'd be so lucky . '' And that 's it . You never see them being attacked , you never see the killer changing into a monster . The movie makers could 've picked any pretty babe from off the street who could just stand around , grinning and who takes off her top to reveal an attractive bosom.This series has been a tremendous dissapointment to a horror flick addict . Each of the entries have proven mega-bombs -- with ridiculous scripts , performances and zero scare factors.How Deer Woman ever got released is a big puzzle . This is something you might see as a movie made for the Sci Fi channel -- but even this channel does know how to make grade-z flicks that at least move and show people turning into monsters.In Deer Woman , a child could even watch it before falling asleep in the middle of it .
 A very good looking woman who is also a deer kills men . Thats is it . We never see her kill them only what is left of them after she does . That is it . My problem with this and all these Masters of Horror movies are that they are only a hour long . It is hard to get a good story line going in one hour .
 This is what happens when you dig up a fossil whose last horror directing effort was 25 years ago and expect him to make anything relevent . His biggest error was in the scriptwriting , but considering nothing scary happens in it he made the best of it by directing fake scares at the viewer , slowly zooming in on a truck door for 30 seconds until it bursts open with a loud bang and starting a scene with a close up of a scalpel cutting skin during an autopsy . The unironic hardnosed detective character is a bore , and the quirky mortician is a cliche.Then there 's some comedic soft porn flashback speculation about what happened to the victim . Another fake scare with a mugger lunging out from an alley at the cop who then tells the standard issue cop story about how he blames himself for some past accident and that 's why he 's so consumed by his job . I kept waiting for the punchline.There 's countless options of creative things that could have done to make this movie/episode more interesting and entertaining that were overlooked out of blind loyalty to convention . It 's mostly just a bore .
 See woman smile.Hear woman never speak.See and hear very stupid men.See woman take of clothes.See woman 's breasts.When you think Masters Of Horror , your first thought is you willbe viewing a horror film , right?Is this horror?If I wanted to see a speechlessattractive woman smiling andtaking off her clothes via DVD -LRB- which I do not -RRB- , I would viewa porno DVD.The only people who thinks thatthis is a horror film are theparents of the actress who playedthe deer bimbo.It is hard to describe how poorthis episode of Masters Of Horror is.It is hard to believe that this wasthe inaugural episode of the series.The producers must have assumed thattheir viewers are as stupid andimmature as the victims of deer babe.Maybe they were correct . `` Hey if I watch another episode , maybe I 'll see some boobies ! '' , or something like that.I thought the plot sounded goodand that 's why I checked it out.An ancient Native American mythologicalfigure , part deer -LRB- the bottom half -RRB- and part woman who appears and thenseduces and kills a man beforedisappearing again , or something like that , turns out to be true.A detective is on the case and followingsome seemingly odd evidence in a numberof murders . He has a good relationshipwith a patrolman who encourages himand helps him with his investigation -LRB- the patrolman tragically dies fromhoof-in-mouth disease -RRB- . The story has the potential to be a goodcrime story with a horror aspect to it.What goes wrong?It was done as a comedy -LRB- ?!!! -RRB- and not a good one.Besides , even if it is a comedy , this is not a comedy series.The director John Landis could haveat least tried to include some horror.It is never scary.One never feels bad for themen in the story.they are all candidates for theDarwin award.You only see the deer vixen ` sphysical weirdness for a briefmoment in the dark from a fardistance.At the end , when deer womanis running down the street , she runs like a woman in highheels , not as a bounding deerwhich the foot -LRB- hoof -RRB- printscrime scene evidence indicated.In a nutshell , this is not horror.It is not even horror/comedy . It 's just at best sophomoric andexploitative comedy with somegoriness in there.Perhaps I did not `` get it '' , the deep meaning and satiricalhumor regarding male and femalesexuality and the consequencesof moral weakness and exploitationand sexual instrumentalization ofwomen or whatever.I do n't want to get it.I did n't like it .
 Do NOT judge the Masters of Horror series by this lame and pointless episode -- and if you are a fan , please skip it ! The story yielded neither surprise nor insight , the dialogue and acting were clunky and the attempts at humor were astoundingly atrocious . Check out Lucky McKee 's Sick Girl . Now that 's a masterful blend of absurd horror and humor !
 Not too bad or that good either ... Sophie Ward smokesa cigarette well !
 Yes , I got to agree with other people in here , bad movie , amateur and not a Jackie Chan movie . The package give the wrong impression ... and the piece of hair on his face ! not a good idea . .
 When i saw this film in the shops i thought that it was going to be good but when i got home and played it on my video it was bad there is langauge missing and jackie chan is not even in it much
 Jackie plays a henchman of the main bad character , not a lead role at all . This film features Jackie for about 5 minutes , all he does is get beaten up .
 This is an absolutely horrible movie . It has a very similar plot to `` Rummble in the Bronx '' , but this movie has none of the good fights -LRB- Jackie Chan barely does any marial arts or stunts at all -RRB- that `` Rummble in the Bronx '' has , none of the plot , and really is not a true Jackie Chan film . Also stay away from `` Fanatasy Mission Force '' , it is just as bad .
 I love all Jackie Chan movies except this one . This movie is an old fart . All the punches and kicks sound alike , it had no story , Jackie has a big mole on his face he 's a villain and someone talked over his voice . HOW DUMB do n't waste your Christmas present on this like I did get Rumble in the Bronx .
 If only you could award a film a zero or negative star rating this would be one of them !
 Jackie Chan has a stupid mole and gets beaten up -LRB- although you can hardly see him -RRB- . Also , this film is very badly shot , the direction is terrible and for half of the time you ca n't even see the person who is talking because they are out of frame . And in my version the sound cuts out for about five minutes . Absolutely terrible , although you can have a bit of a chuckle at the diabolical dubbing and dialogue .
 This is probably the worst Jackie Chan Movie I have ever seen . Come to think of it , Jackie Chan is not the star , it is some chinese woman , which is why the original title was Police Woman . It was very hard to understand what was going on , probably because of the poor picture quality and poor dubbing . I warn you , do not watch this movie , it will bore you , and could damage your health .
 This movie is simply a compilation of clips from Spiritual Kung Fu , Shaolin Wooden Men and many more.Lo Wei was very disappointed when Chan left him for Golden Harvest and made this `` movie '' to cash in on Chan 's new found stardom . The movie is also known as The Young Tiger .
 With the rising success of Jackie Chan this 70s flick aka police woman was re-released with the title rumble in hong kong , trying to cash in on the success of rumble in the bronx . On the box , it even makes this point . Do n't buy this video . It is a pain to watch . It is awful . Jackie Chan only plays a minor role in this and the fight scenes are n't too much fun either . The dubbing is awful and the movie has n't been reformated for standard tv viewing . Do n't be like me and ignore the reviews of others , this is truely an awful film and if only I could get my money back for this .
 If you 're thinking of buying this video ... do n't ! It 's only worth having if it 's the only one missing from your collection and then you might still regret buying it ! There 's very little action overall with Jackie Chan only playing a supporting role -LRB- with very bad make overs at times -RRB- . The dubbing is very poor , the plot very thin and the usual high quality of Jackie 's choreographed stunts are virtually non-existent . This is NOT one of his best ...
 ... because if you are and your time is of utterly no value to you than this is the film for you . I found this film to be extremely boring . I fast forwarded through almost half of it . The fight scenes were horribly choreographed -LRB- even with Jackie -RRB- . Bottom line this movie SUCKS !!! Even if you are the biggest Jackie Chan fan in the world you will have to agree this movie is a waste of time . I am sure this movie 's original title was nothing to the affect of `` Rumble in Hong Kong '' and this is just another marketing ploy to get people to buy some crap-o film that Jackie was in a looooong time ago . On a positive note , I did enjoy the movie 's soundtrack .
 I was n't sure at first whether I had seen this one or not , but When I read another reviewer 's note `` bad mole '' I thought oh yeah ... Jackie is not the main character , he plays a bad guy , yes one of those ridiculous bad guys you see in all other bad Hong Kong action films , the kind that make stupid mistakes and are no match for the Heroine/Hero . The print I saw was just as they said , terrible . Sometimes you ca n't even see who is talking , or you see half of their faces and the dub , oh man-shoot me now ! I adore Jackie , but this is one you can skip . That mole sure was ugly ... hairs sticking out ...
 This movie features a Jackie Chan who is n't important to the plot , only shows up rarely , and has the ugliest wierd mark on his face that I have ever seen . It 's filmed insanely , has a fractured plot , and generally looks to have cost about .0025 cents to make . Avoid this movie , please ...
 This is a poor bootleg of the 1974 movie called Police Woman . Though it is being marketed as a Jackie Chan film it is not . His role in it is only that of a cameo and his character is referred to as a `` gang member '' .
 The folks at budget label Madacy Entertainment are at it again . This is a really crummy transfer of a very ordinary 1974 Hong Kong action flick which has been retitled to capitalize on the success of Jackie Chan 's `` Rumble in the Bronx . '' Jackie 's a villain in this one and has a pretty good fight scene towards the end of the film with the hero -LRB- a taxi driver ! -RRB- that gets this two stars rather than one . The DVD includes a lengthy filmography for Chan , as well as a list of the injuries that he has suffered over the years in making his films . But other than that , the transfer is the equivalent of a VHS tape at EP speed and the source print itself is bad . For Chan completists only . All others , save your money . I paid five bucks for this and felt like I was robbed .
 This is a poor bootleg of the 1974 movie called Police Woman . Though it is being marketed as a Jackie Chan film it is not . His role in it is only that of a cameo and his character is referred to as a `` gang member '' .
 Do n't ever watch this movie . It is garbage . Probably the worst movie I 've ever seen . Jackie Chan is hardly in it .
 Before I get started I want to make one thing clear . This is not a Jackie Chan movie ! Jackie only comes in for a few scenes.And when he does appear he has a huge clump of hair on the side of his face ! Dont get this movie confused with Jackie 's box office smash Rumble In The Bronx . This movie is A.K.A. Police Women , and Young Tiger . So watch out ! If you are looking for a Jackie Chan movie do n't waste your money ! -LSB- . -RSB- If you are looking for a great Kung-Fu movie try somewhere else !
 This tape is `` Stereo HiFi '' but `` mono `` acceptable per the sleeve , but in my `` mono '' VCR it has terrible color streaking , with horizontal red and blue bands flashing . Is it because this is a Kultur product ? I have never been satisfied with Kultur tapes over the past 10 years because of poor quality . I should have known better , but did n`t know ahead of time that this was a Kultur product . Live and learn , I guess .
 I am surprised to read the raving comments about Ms Ewing . I watched the production as it was broadcasted by C4 about 10 yrs ago . The whole performance was just wierd . I can not say I could enjoy the production , esp . Ms. Ewing 's singing .
 Just glance at Salome score ; what the hell is she doing?Lots of groans and guttural speech in substitution to music!This evasive vocal performance by Maria Ewing can deceive ROH audiences but not Strauss ' music lovers.Moreover , her calculated grimaces was always the same as to Carmen , Dido , ... In despite of all his diligence , Devlin 's singing hardly can be regarded appropriate to Jokanaan.In fact , he completes his performance so exhausted , just like he was drowned himself on the Sea of Galilee.After all , this is the worse Salome I 've seen.There are much better on Cd 's and the Malfitano/Terfel Dvd .
 The DVD has much to offer with regards to nudity and lovemaking scenes . However , if you are looking to learn exactly `` how-to-shave '' the pubic area , keep looking . There is very little `` training '' on the fine art of how to shave in this DVD .
 When I saw that there was a DVD on Russian river cruises I immediately bought it , as we will begin to offer the river cruises to our clients this summer and wanted a `` teaser '' to excite people before they embark on their journey of Discovering Russia . The Russian river cruises between Moscow and St. Petersburg are quite popular as they give Americans an overview of Russia 's two main cities , as well as a glimpse of the historic villages , all in a degree of comfort and security . Cruising on the rivers is slow and easy , and very relaxing . Because the ship is always close to shore , people are able to see much of the beautiful countryside and have ample opportunities to photograph many exquisite and colorful onion-domed churches . In addition , you do n't have to pack and unpack each night , and the food and other facilities are far superior on board the ship than what these small towns have to offer.Unfortunately there is little to recommend in this DVD . Major issues : - poor video quality -LRB- seemingly from a hand-held unit -RRB- - almost half of video was of a tired folklore show -LRB- with poor sound quality -RRB- , and a vodka tasting -LRB- without any explanation of what different vodkas are being offered it becomes a vodka drinking , rather than tasting -RRB- . - no travel tips beyond the most basic -LRB- nothing , for instance , on weather , which can change immediately in the summer from sun to heavy rain , and then back to sun , or on the ever-popular questions regarding money-are there ATMs , should I use dollars or rubles or blue jeans -RRB- - no tour of the ship-inaccuracies in history -LRB- for instance , there was no Prince `` Yaroslavl '' , there was a prince `` Yaroslav '' -RRB- Given the superficial nature of the work , the comment that life has n't change in the last few centuries in the riverside towns was not surprising , but it is still completely inaccurate . Yes , when tourists get off their ships and see people wearing traditional dress , selling wood carvings and pickles , it appears that nothing has changed since the time of Ivan the Terrible , but this is about as accurate an indication of Russian life as Disneyworld is of American life.I only recommend this if you are looking to get a very quick glimpse as to what some of the towns look like on a Russian river cruise ; fortunately it is very reasonably priced so you can watch it just once . A trip to Russia will remain with you for a lifetime , and is well worth the expense and -LRB- at times -RRB- frustration , and the river cruises are an ideal way to see an overview of Russia . I hope that someday there will be a specific guide for Russian river cruises -LRB- as there are for the Trans-Siberian , something that far few Americans take than the river cruise -RRB- . Until that day , we are sending to our clients who take these cruises the book `` Lonely Planet 's Guide to Russia and Belarus '' as it covers most of the towns that a traveller will see on the cruises in an efficient and enjoyable -LRB- although not totally accurate and up-to-date -RRB- manner . For Moscow and St. Petersburg , the DK series is quite good-many color pictures , good background on the major sights . If you want a coffee-table type book and you want to explore Russian towns more thoroughly , the best book is William Brumfield 's `` History of Russian Architecture '' . Prof. Brumfield has over the last thirty years created a remarkable record of Russian architecture , both old and new -LRB- for which he has been awarded by the Russian government and by our Library of Congress -RRB- .
 I ordered this without benefit of having seen the previous reviews . Having taken the Russian river cruise , I was looking for something visually impressive by which to remember the sights and the journey . Unfortunately , this was not it . I concur in everything in the previous reviews . The content is superficial at best and does no justice to the country or to the cruise . The folklore show to which so much of the DVD is devoted is actually only an optional tour on most of the cruises , one which we elected to pass up with no regrets , while many of the more important sights were completely omitted . Finally , the photographic quality is just dreadful , not much better if any than an old home movie . This is not worth the money at any price .
 As people who are going to take the river cruise from St. Petersburg to Moscow this summer , we were anxiously awaiting the arrival of this DVD , quickly inserting it into the player minutes after the mail came . The fact that we actually sat thru the whole thing makes me wonder about ourselves . We are either saints or gluttons for punishment.We would like to concur with the opinions already given . We too wish we would have read the reviews before purchasing the DVD -LRB- a lesson we have learned for future things we buy -RRB- , as it was a total waste of money.Amazon.com has always provided such quality items in the past for us , so we were quite taken by surprise on this one . The camera work was poor -LRB- shaky , not steady -RRB- , the `` actor '' was not professional , exhibiting no life or excitement into what was being said ; mostly monotone in nature . Towards the end the music was too loud to hear what he was saying , and the editing was substandard . In some parts the actor 's mouth movements were not in sync with the sound being heard.The photography was definitely not professional -LRB- obviously a home-made production -RRB- and many scenes that could have been well done were not so because of lighting or the angle of the sun . A professional waits until the proper lighting is available or adjusts with the camera 's various settings to compensate.We agree with another reviewer that way too much time was spent on the folklore show , which seemed to go on and on . We finally ended up fast-forwarding thru it ! Just a minute or two of that would have given any viewer a taste of the Russian dances . And we too did n't see the point of the Vodka tasting
 This homemade DVD should not be something advertised for sale along with the professional quality DVDs that are also sold by Amazon . What a disappointment for me and a waste of good dollars.I would like my money back.blueskycinnamon@gmail.com
 As the the previous reviewer stated , the video quality is poor and I think that is actually being a bit generous . The video quality on this burned disk is just awful , nowhere near what you would expect from even a cheap commercially pressed DVD , and frankly not even as good as a high quality VHS tape in my opinion . Honestly , when I first put this disc in my Pioneer DVD player I thought there was something going wrong with my player , but a quick jump ahead through the chapters verified the poor video quality of the whole disc . If you are looking for good sharp video images of Russian scenic and historic places , forget it , this is more like a rather poorly done home video . I can not in good conscience recommend this to anyone .
 I am very satisfied with other season sets . But compared to the first 4 seasons , you can tell from the opening theme song that the japanese audio is poorly done . The opening theme song sounds like it 's being played by speakers covered in a heaping pile of blankets -LRB- just get some blankets , throw it over your speakers and you should probably get the same sound quality -RRB- . As I listened to the opening theme song of what I can vividly describe as the muffles from my neighbors tv down the hall , I had to double check the box , try to google what the heck ` dolby digital 2.0 ' meant , and whether that was considered worse than mono.In season 4 , I had noticed that the timing for the opening song had also been off -LRB- delayed compared to the animation -RRB- but this ... there 's no excuse for this . . if they had a clean clip of it for 4 seasons , what happened with the fifth ? Whoever reviewed the dvd before it hit the shelves ... good job and good luck with your future endeavours . . The japanese dialogue and audio in the episodes are fine . . but it just makes it SEEM like its worse than before , all because of that poor opening sound clip that could have easily been nipped in the bud but it 's too late now since it 's out on the shelves . . ` no ginger ' -LRB- translate that literally in japanese and you 'll get what i mean -RRB- Of course , if you do n't listen to it in Japanese or care for that part . . I guess you 're good to go but do n't take my word for it because I did n't bother listening to it in English .
 My son and I are fans of the series . We have the newer DBZ series -LRB- seasons 1 thru 5 -RRB- , DBZ and DBZ GT . I am getting tired of paying more and getting less . Why are their discs with 3 episodes on them ? As fans , I expect each disc series to finish the saga . This is utter BS and I 'm tired of it . The producers of this series need to stop taking their fans for granted.Signed , Season 5 may be the last DBZ product I buy .
 How in the WORLD are we supposed to buy a concert DVD without knowing WHO the performing artists are , or WHAT songs are included ?????? AMAZON needs to start including song titles for EVERY DVD/BLU-RAY they sell !
 The Book from Alex Haley when I read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color , and everyone should read it , yes even conservatives , mandatory.however , this movie something just wasnt good . to long ? the over all acting?Spike , you make some great movies , Summer of Sam is one of your best , Do the Right Thing . Spike has a gift for cinematography , howeverSpike Lee Interview on ESPN ? The interview said , interviewer : `` Kanye West said that Bush does n't care about black people . Would you agree with that?Lee : `` Yes , I agree with that , BUT I 'll go one step further and say that Bush does n't care about people who do n't have any money -LRB- whether they 're black or white . -RRB- I guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on Long Island or let 's say The Hamptons , you would have had an entirley different response from FEMA and his administration . `` But you should have seen how he said it , it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face . The dude is bold man , I 'll give him that and I applaude him.Spike said either black , white , Mexican , or asian.But what he DID N'T say was Italians!That dude has been getting flack forever for his dis 'n of Italians in his movies , they call him a racist all the time.HERE WAS HIS CHANCE to say something , and he blew it.just did n't happen to say Italians?NOSo HE is a racist too.And so are the Africans in Africa , they never have liked white people either , so what about that Spike ? Try going over their and applying for a job!And while I am at , the African Americans in even Baton Rouge do n't want the blacks from N.O. coming up their ! How come spike never said anything about that?Fkn whiners , so many the world over ! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on TV and let the world see it for the fools they are.And ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling Da TruthOh , and Bush just put Condi in as a `` token '' huh ? promoted her to the most powerful black women ever in the United States history , and that does not mean anything . oookay
 Great acting by Denzel but the movie was over three hours long , far too long for a movie about a man that could have been summed up in five minutes . Did n't get the Rodney King beating at the beginning since it happened much later after X died , maybe Spike wanted to sensationalize ? That 's what he is good for . Just in case you do not want to spend three and a half hours watching a boring movie I will sum it up for you : - Malcolm X was obviously a confused man , banging white women and then telling others that it was the `` white man '' trying to seduce blacks ... - Malcolm X was a definitely a racist and a radical and deserved every bit of harassment he endured , hate goes around and comes around . - Malcolm X degraded other black leaders notably Dr. King calling him an `` Uncle Tom '' and preached against his non violent protests . Even though Dr. King was fighting for rights in the South while Malcolm was safe from most of the racism in Chicago and NY . - If you watch some of his later clips you could see and hear the hate in his voice instead of the portrayal of him being more humble and changed at the end of the film as spike did .
 I think Malcolm X was the strongest and the most beautiful character stepped foot on US soil . So this movie by no means represent him or whatsoever -LRB- although it has his name on the Title -RRB- . I think what makes this movie especially - poor - is the `` concerns '' of the director to give a message against Islam ... If you are a muslim , and a black ... this movie will make your stomach sick.However the film music is goodI hope one day Black Americans really appreciate this wonderful man . Peace .
 I 'm not going to waste my time on this much more than say Spike Lee 's movie making skills are terrible . The only good parts of the movie were when he gets killed and the credits roll . Do n't waste your time with this garbage . You want a good movie full of black actors go see Ray .
 I purchased this DVD in March 2010 and was very disappointed to find out that during the crucial part of the movie you get a '' INSERT DISC 2 '' message , well I thought it must be on the `` KEEP CASE '' but guess what ? ... No disc # 2 , how is that even possible , it 's like throwing you from a plane without a parachute , I 've been meaning to review this item but lost interest until now , that while surfing other items it pops suggestions regarding the -LRB- incomplete -RRB- story of Malcolm X.I quote the information from the product , perhaps it was my copy that somehow lost half the information : '' Product DetailsActors
 OVER ALL ... THE MOVIE WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT AFTER READING THE GREAT BOOK -LRB- AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MALCOM X BY ALEX HALEY -RRB- . THE MOVIE HAD SOME GREAT ACTORS LIKE DENZEL WASHINGTON AND YET , IT WAS STILL VERY DULL . `` DIRECTOR '' SPIKE LEE RUINED A GREAT CHANCE AT TELLING THE AMAZING STORY OF MALCOM X.SPIKE LEE IS A HORRIBLE ACTOR AND DIRECTOR . SPIKE LEE IS A NERDY/GEEKY LOOKING FELLOW WHO SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN IN THE MOVIE HE DID NOT MAKE A BELIEVBLE ROLE MODEL FOR MALCOM X/DENZEL WASHINGTON.HE ALSO MESSED UP SOME VERY IMPORTANT MOMENTS THAT WERE DISCRIBED IN THE BOOK . -LRB- FOR EXAMPLE
 I first saw this movie on one of those cable movie channels and decided to pick up the book it was based on -LRB- The Autobiography of Malcolm X as Told to Alex Haley -RRB- . After I got done reading the book , I decided to watch the movie again , seeing as I had come into the middle of the movie on the TV . What I saw and what I read were , at times , 2 completely different things . I recommend reading the book , so you get a real portrait of who Malcolm X was .
 I am very disappointed ... I order this DVD , only 1 DVD came in the package , this is a 2 disc DVD and the movie is Stretched .
 I liked the movie a lot , but the streaming was choppy , and we did n't receive HD quality for the majority of the movie . Twice we had to stop the movie and go back to the Amazon interface to start to movie over again to get it to play through .
 Malcolm X is one of my favorite movies ever , a classic film that puts all of Spike 's and Ernest 's talents into one enjoyable , visually and stylistically spectacular piece.and then they completely crap on all of it with this disc.THE GREATST FLAW -LRB- and fatal flaw -RRB- of this disc is to have the film broken up into TWO PARTS ! on TWO DIFFERENT DISCS ! WHAT IN THE BLUE HELL IS GOING ON ?!?!?!?! this is simply inexcusable . if i wanted to change discs , i would be watching a laser disc . in 1985 . i ca n't possibly imagine how this made it past discussion and into production . the movie just comes to an abrubt halt , and then asks for disc 2 . yet you have two documentaries and other extras , also split between the discs . has the universe gone retarded , or why did they not put the film on one disc , and the extras on the second ?!?! unbelievable , and SO disappointing.the second complaint would be the inclusion of the clothing stylist on the commentary track . she just LOVES to interrupt classic scenes with comments on how she chose a pair of socks for a third level character . rambling on and on . good grief . she did a great job on production design , granted , but i want to hear from Spike and Ernest , the cinematographer . i want to hear about the scenes themselves , about the classic `` Spike '' touch and technique , and after years of waiting for a commentary track , classic scenes do n't have Spike 's comments , but some completely irrelevant comments about an antique store that had this lamp , it was a charming store , they had lots of nice items , blah blah blah . ruined.i can only hope Spike has been kidnapped and replaced by a retarded robot , and that someday he will escape his evil captors and redo this disc as it should be done .
 DO N'T EVER BUY THE $ 2.99 DVD OF ` MALCOLM X ' IT CONTAINS ONLY THE FIRST 97 MINUTES OF THE 201-MINUTE LONG FILM I 'M ASHAMED AT YOU AMAZON.COM FOR DOING THIS , YOUR LUCKYI 'M GIVING YOU ANOTHER CHANCE , PUT THOSE DVDS OF THE MARKET IT RUINS THE VIEWING EXPERINCE , SPIKE LEE SHOULD BE MAD AT YOU FOR THIS AND SO SHOULD WARNER BROS. . FOR AGREEING TO SELL THESE DVDS , I 'M NOT ASKING FOR A REFUND IN FACT I KEEPING THE DVDAS A LESSON TO AVOID BUYING $ 2.99 DVDS OF 200-PLUS MINUTE MOVIES , I 'M ALSO ASHAMED ATWARNER BROS. . FOR BEING ABLE TO PUT ` THE RIGHT STUFF ' -LRB- A 193 MINUTE-FILM -RRB- ON ONE DISCNO PUTTING IT ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DISC OR ON ANOTHER DISC YET NOT ABLE TO THE WHOLE ` MALCOLM X ' ON ONE DISC .
 DO N'T BE FOOLED BY THE COVER !!!!!! There is little in the way of action in this movie , no gun fights or sword play or fist fights for that matter . While the cover and the description on the box gives you the impression that this will be an action packed thriller , it is in fact a really poor want to be erotic thriller . As an action film it fails for the obvious reasons , no action , but it even fails as an erotic thriller as the love scenes cut away before they even become love scenes and they make little to no sense . In an erotic thriller the love scenes are designed to forward the plot , i.e introduce the reason that a good guy goes bad or visa versa , the underline motive for an action or to show the chemestry between the protagonist and antagonist . None of that takes place here , the plot is so full of holes that I am still unsure of ending . B-Movies get a bad rap because people always want to compare them to big budget movies and because of plotless , false advertized crap like this . Do n't think all B-movies are this bad but note this one is reallllllllllly Terrible . It is what it is ! What is it you ask ? CRAP , A waste of good money .
 I was n't surprised to see that this movie was not as good as it looked . To top it off , Drew Berrymore starred in it and this was the most disappointing thing . I expected her to do better . She is such a beutiful and talented actress and to see her waste her time off this mess is a shame . But I do admit , it is much better than the first one , and I ca n't blame Drew Berrymore much because the story line sucks . I am so disappointed in the Bounty Huntress films and I am glad than I only spent a few dollars on them .
 What is there to say about an anime consisting of two episodes running 30 minutes each ? When you have a horrible plot , boring action scenes , and unbelievably terrible voice acting there is n't much . Queen Emeraldas herself will make little to no sense to those who know nothing -LRB- as I do n't -RRB- about the Harlock Saga , however that itself does n't excuse this movie from its horrible storyline . On one hand we have a random villain who happens to be scouring the cosmos looking for a fight and on the other hand we have a sullen heroine that just happens to come by and save the day more than once . I have absolutely no idea how people could think of this as a heart-warming movie or even an interesting one at that due to its dry plot . The music is hardly memorable , there are no captivating scenes , and the computer animation does little to deepen the movie . In fact , before I had read about the computer generated effects , I had no idea that Queen Emeraldas 's ship was n't drawn by hand . You know you have a real gem on your hands when you 're falling asleep in the middle of the day to a movie . If you want a movie with space pirate adventures check out Sol Bianca . This movie hardly fits the requirement of what decent anime should be .
 Matsumoto Leije is a man with a lot of baggage . His works tend to follow very familiar themes , use similar characters , and follow common plot lines . Queen Emeraldas , despite its up-to-date animation , is no exception . This is merely yet another recycled plot , which even has the audacity to steal scenes from other well-known films.matsumoto 's universe is vast in one sense that there are many players , but it 's also very small -- the major players are clones of each other . Emeraldas is the tall , stark , lone privateer , forever voyaging the Sea of Stars , haunted by the memory of her lost love , Tochiro . Umino Hiroshi -LRB- even the character names are getting all to familiar -RRB- , played by Hayashibara Megumi is the young boy , destined to become great man and builder ; a mirror of Emeraldas ' lost lover . And you have the leader of the Afressian forces , a person of opposing political views , but of the same spirit as our lead heroine.This series does bring one new item to the table -- the anime character designs faithfully capture the gnarled look of the minor players , most notably of Le Law , the grizzled old stowaway , and the crew members of the ill-fated freighter.Even more impressive is the score -- a fully orchestrated piece , which exudes a grandness of scale perhaps better suited for a full-length motion picture . The opening theme 's haunting vocals is a more modern version of what we 've heard before in the Harlock series , and like its predecessors , it will stick in your memory.But perhaps even more disturbing than the recycling of old ideas is the outright borrowing of scenes from other films , most notably the showdown between Emeraldas and Eldomain , a scene unabashedly lifted from Batman
 Playboy did n't disappoint me this time . After their recent releases being so bad , I ordered this DVD thinking it would be bad , but hoping for a miracle . The video s *** ed ! It was a complete waste of money.The video states that it is a fashion show with around twenty eight or twenty nine playmates . While this is true , most of the playmates you see for only seconds . Literally only a few seconds . The video shows clips of the playmates walking up and down the fashion runway . Most of them look more like whores , than the beautiful woman that they truly are . They are wearing so much eye make up that they look really trashy.The DVD contains about twenty or so segments and the main feature is only 48 minutes long . If you do the math , you can see that each segment is only about two minutes in length . The segments show the fashion designer , Betsey Johnson , meeting the playmates , talking about the costumes designed for the playmates , and various other segments of her views on fashion . I have never heard or seen Betsey Johnson , but trust me , she is n't very pleasant to look at.There are a few very short segments included in the DVD featuring interviews and nudity of the various playmates . Much of the nudity that is shown are old clips from the playmate 's video clip . The new stuff is just the girls talking about how great it is to be in a fashion show . Some of the nudity is new , but it is mainly just the girls flashing in front of the camera . Very tame flashing.If you would enjoy seeing the playmates dressed up like a bunch of sluts , and see very little nudity , I recommend this video to you . Otherwise , pass on the purchase of this video .
 The video and audio quality of this production was very poor compared to other DVD music videos I 've seen . It seemed like a poor VHS production rather than DVD ! A great talent deserves a better quality production than this . Also , extra footage was very disappointing . Pre and post concert interviews were fan comments outside of the concert hall and a brief video of Natalie signing autographs . No in depth interview with Natalie Merchant or other interesting back stage video . Other DVD Music Concerts I 've seen offer much more .
 I was a a very big fan of 10,000 Maniacs when Natalie was the lead singer and because of that I purchased Natalie 's debut solo lp . It was very good . `` Ophelia '' IMO was not as good . Too many slow and dreary songs . I found many of the songs on the DVD boring and it was n't helped by the sub-par audio recording . I never liked the song `` Ophelia '' and found it to be a poor choice for the opening song . Her version of `` Wonder '' was , you guessed it , boring . There were definitely better songs she could have included , live , such as `` Life is Sweet '' instead of a partial recording of it . Also , what about the single `` Kind and Generous '' . The CD of the concert with different song selections was much better and not boring . I probably am more of a fan of 10,000 Maniacs than Natalie 's solo CD 's . The so-called documentary -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- was mis-leading as it was less than 5 minutes and not really a documentary .
 I 'm a big Natalie fan , but not a fanatic . The DVD did n't do much for me . i bought it after listening to the Live CD , but was disappointed that the playlist did n't include anything more of substance . The documentry consisted of all of 5 minutes of people in line for the show . Life is sweet was audio only , Waterbound , Senor don gato were awful , and anyone who was a 10000 manics fan would not enjoy her drawn out these are days.Stick with the **** MTV Unplugged - 10k maniacs video ... a far better value.The whole setlist : List is sweet -LRB- partial -RRB- , Opheilia , wonder , san andres fault , beloved wife , senor don gato , space oddity , carnival , break your heart , these are days , gulf of araby , waterbound .
 I was very disappointed in this DVD , so much so that I returned it . The audio quality is poor , with enough audible distortion that I found it unlistenable , and I am not an audiophile , just a mainstream consumer . The video quality is marginal , about on par with a second-generation VHS copy . The direction is poor , with many shots of the back of musicians ' heads . The extras , interviews , etc. are either brief or non-existent . Compare this DVD with Diana Krall
 While I do enjoy Natalie Merchant 's music , I was extremely disappointed with the concert on DVD . Video quality was marginal and the audio mixing was terrible . Some instruments are barely audible while others are grossly overpowering -LRB- as is her vocals in several occasions -RRB- . The lack of traditional `` additional material '' on DVDs is also glaring . This one pales in comparison to any concert on DVD or VHS .
 Natalie could have been a little more nicer to the audience instead of being a prude like she always was . You hardly could hear her voice , she looks like a farmer girl in These are days and really she does n't show a sense of appreciation to anyone . Her band is too loud ... Not a great video , especially to a die-hard Merchant fan .
 I see everyone else gave the movie 5 stars . I hate to be the fly in their ointment , but I did n't care for this movie . I saw it at the show when it first came out way back when . The love story was n't believable to me . I never could believe Richard Dreyfuss would be attracted to Marsha Mason , or vice versa . I just did n't feel any chemistry between the two . I like Dreyfuss in other roles , but not this one . Even the kid got on my nerves . Sorry to rain on the parade .
 My boyfriend pitched this as a hilarious must-see and now I cite that as an example of our irreconcilable differences . My main problem was with the lightning-quick but utterly insipid dialog . This movie was utterly lacking in anything approaching genuine , sincere expression of feelings or ideas . Utterly superficial , glib , and cloying . The headline sums up how I felt about that .
 I am watching this movie again for the first time sine 1978 . It has withstood the test of time - it is just as saccharin and stupid today as it was 34 years ago . Today there are many horrid movies released each year that suck less than this one , but they do n't win Oscars . How bad movies must have been in 1978 .
 I watched it just to see what all the fuss was about . It was on Turner Classic Movies channel , so thankfully I did n't waste any money buying a DVD . This movie was lame . Neil Simon 's style of writing gets on my nerves very quickly . There is a lot of fast-paced dialogue and often bickering going on in his stories . These characters were not likeable . In fact , they were both pretty rude people . This business of Richard Dreyfuss coming home one day after he had gotten the black eye , suddenly being madly in love with Marsha Mason was totally unbelievable crap . Anyway , I was mildly entertained because it was so lame , that I gave it two stars instead of one . The kid was also pretty annoying . These stories that make these kids act very adult like and witty are very annoying .
 Another romantic comedy about two unlikable people . Marsha Mason 's character is constantly cranky and critical . Dreyfus plays an off-Broadway actor who is somewhat likable but overbearing and difficult to get along with . Both take stances in their relationship that no sane person would , making it difficult to relate to these two . Dreyfus is also saddled with , and we are condemned to watch , a few horrible scenes of an abysmal version of Richard the Third . An hour into the film , Mason softened a bit , but by then it was too late for me .
 The movie is okay.The Video that was provided had some real audio problems . The sound was not very good . The words and the actors mouth were no sychned up .
 There are many older `` romantic '' comedies that follow this plot
 I wanted to watch this movie because I remember liking it at the movies when it first came out . I could n't get into it this time . There did n't seem to be much chemistry between the two actors and I ended up falling asleep before it was over . The movie seemed quite dated to me .
 after having been a foster mother to a young girl who was raped -LRB- twice -RRB- by her mother 's live-in boyfriend , I wonder why we exalt a movie so completely devoid of values . What was this mother thinking as she selected ruinous relationships that will affect her daughter 's life forever ?
 This is my least favorite film of all time . Richard Dreyfuss jogging in place in the kitchen while eating yogurt tops the list for images of contrived , neurotic , insipid , self-indulgent pseudo-eccentricity . There was little or no credible chemistry between the main characters , nor were they at all interesting individually . This film made `` Love Story '' seem like high art by comparison .
 I was disappointed with this product . I selected it after seeing the Nina Berry interviewed on our local TV Program on Aging . There was nothing in the exercise that would work up a good belly laugh.The Comedians on National TV do a far better job with well timed jokes . Ms Berry probably does well with a live audience .
 Thought this video would be hilarious and that you would be laughing most of the time . It was not and I did not .
 Civil rights activist Medgar Evers was assassinated in 1963 . In this movie , directed by Meathead of All In The Family , justice is about to be served - finally . The guilty party is brought to trial by a competent attorney in front of a jury that is two thirds black . The ending of the movie is good , but it takes too long to get there . Most of the movie really is n't enjoyable .
 Aside from a deftly constructed performance by James Woods , there 's not much to this paint-by-numbers courtroom caper . Only in a Clintonesque landscape would a film be made about a -LRB- white -RRB- lawyer attending a -LRB- black man 's -RRB- funeral and suddenly feeling that person 's pain ! Egads ! There really is no justice for White Liberalism ! For a better take on the real thing , check out _ Mississippi Burning _ ; this flick is simply manipulative , curiously sentimental and ultimately shameless .
 i ordered it in april & still have not received it , could you please track it?thank - youi only rated it 1 star as i have not seen it yet .
 The biggest problem with ` Ghosts of Mississippi ' is that it is bland . The story is not technically a bland one , I mean it is a true story of the murder of a civil rights activist and the trial that brought a terrible man to justice , but the way Reiner goes about delivering this story is anything but exciting . The acting is decent , and at times engaging , but for the most part they are merely passable and do nothing for the film in general.I really wanted to like this movie.The film opens with the devastating murder of Medger Evers , a young husband and father of three who was a civil rights leader in Mississippi . In 1963 his life was snuffed out by outraged racist Byron De La Beckwith . Due to a racist judge and a racists jury Byron was found ` not guilty ' Medger 's widow Myrlie tried for thirty years to get justice for her husband but to no avail ; and then Bobby DeLaughter walked into her life , or should I say that she walked into his . Moved by her story , and the similarities to his own life -LRB- he is also a husband in his thirties and father of three -RRB- , DeLaughter works around the clock to reopen the case , sacrificing his own marriage and his own safety to finally do right by this scorned and broken woman.Sounds like a real attention grabber , does n't it.Sadly , it 's not.One issue I have with the film is the acting . Baldwin , Goldberg , Woods ; they are all capable actors but none of them really rise to the occasion as far as I am concerned . Baldwin probably does the best job , and that 's mostly because he has far more screen time and so he has more opportunity to make up for his overall blandness . Woods is just plain hammy at best . He succeeds in creating a creep , but he comes of as no more than a gimmick . I was really disappointed with Goldberg , who has delivered so often in the past . She was just way too reserved here , too conservative . I felt no real emotion come from her . It all just felt like an overly rehearsed line reading . The direction does n't help the film any either . Reiner builds no tension within the film and so it just tends to drag on . There is no excitement , no reason for us to pay attention because it feels like nothing is happening.There is a scene where DeLaughter rushes his family outside because he fears there is a bomb in his house . This is supposed to be tense . It is not . Watch ` The Insider ' and notice how Michael Mann builds so much tension with a similar ` rush out of the house ' type scene.There are many films that deal with this type of subject ; in fact I 've seen quite a few of them the past week . This is one of the worst . Watch the glorious ` Mississippi Burning ' or even ` A Time to Kill ' , which was released the very same year . Both films are much more respectable and much more engaging than this wasted opportunity . It 's sad , because this is as important story that deserved a better storyteller .
 The one star rating is for the DVD product -LRB- November 2010 release with new artwork and Amray style case -RRB- , not the film . Despite what it says on the back of the DVD case , specifically , `` WIDESCREEN VERSION presented in a ` matted ' widescreen format preserving the aspect ratio of its original theatrical exhibition . Enhanced for widescreen TVs . '' , the disc for this product contains only an unmatted 4:3 aspect ratio version of the film . This is a major step backward from the earlier Warner Brothers snapcase release.Ghosts of Mississippi
 Nowhere to Hide -LRB- Myung-se Lee , 1999 -RRB- A surprisingly large portion of the IMDB discussion board for this movie is full of people arguing over whether the Wachiwski Brothers ripped off pieces of this movie for various and sundry scenes in the Matrix trilogy . I 'm not sure about any given scenes , but it certainly seems to me that there is a kind of similarity in the two films by way of them both being piles of dung with unbearably stupid tissue-thin plots that exist for the sole purpose of stringing together uninteresting fight scenes . -LRB- But then , you ca n't fault these movies alone for that sort of thing , not by a longshot . -RRB- No , strike that , it 's an insult to Nowhere to Hide , which is at least mildly amusing now and again . It 's better than The Matrix , but I have to say , that 's setting the bar pretty darned low . -LRB- In case you have n't figured it out yet , I loathe The Matrix . -RRB- Woo -LRB- Joong-hoon Park -RRB- and Kim -LRB- Dong-Kun Jang -RRB- are detectives trying to track down a murderer . Yeah , that 's pretty much the entire plot , the simplicity of which leads us to subplot beginnings that die after one scene -LRB- not that we care , given that none of these characters is ever developed -RRB- , silly twists and turns , a whole lot of extraneous explanation , and , of course , lots and lots of fight scenes . Have to fill that time somehow . Aside from Woo having a few snappy one-liners -LRB- which is actually kind of out-of-character for him , since the script attempts to paint him as a delusional loser -RRB- , there 's absolutely nothing about this movie worth watching unless fight scenes alone make a movie watchable for you . One to avoid . *
 this has to be arguably one of the stupidest f 'n movies i 've ever seen in my life . maybe 20 yrs ago , it would have been somewhat creative/original but not now . do n't waste your money or time on this piece of Sh ' t movie . the action , story , comedy ALL SUCK ... AND i 'm KOREAN !!! i support my people 's films but this movie is absolutely atrocious . anyone who wrote a favorable review on this film is either working for their distribution company or an f 'n moron
 Boy , are these cops stupid . Think
 I saw this movie and thought everything was so absurd . How could rain pour like cats and dogs and have sunlight in the background ? -LRB- Last fight scene at the abadoned railway -RRB- This movie is about a killer drug lord trying to get away from the cops . The plot was dumb , the cinematography was less than average ; however , the only nice thing I can say about this movie is it 's soundtrack . Pretty good stuff.Give it a rent and see how you like it . Do n't blame me that I did n't warn you .
 While it is a pleasure to have another Arrau performance of Beethoven 's 5th piano concerto , the presentation is disappointing . First of all there are about 40 minutes introduction , with a montage of interviews , rehearsals and so on , with a devastating commentary . Afterwards you get a hum-drum performance with a rather mediocre orchestra , tiny sound and not much of a concept . But what is really annoying about this disc ? Well , there 's a gap between sound and image , a gap of less than a second , to be sure , but enough for a distraction from the presentation . Finally I chose to switch off my tv and preferred to listen only .
 For pianists hoping to watch Arrau 's hands in this concerto , be warned , because the sound is out of synch with the video by about a second , rendering this DVD useless in my opinion .
 Except for the airplane sketch , this DVD is n't very funny . It shows future talent developing for the later Monty Python shows .
 I bought this video because it had so many great reviews and looked like it would be really funny . Maybe it 's the fact that I 'm not British , but I did not find one thing that was funny . I could n't even watch the whole video . Do n't waste your time .
 This tape seems to be a compilation of leftover skits that were n't deemed good enough for regular python shows . The only truly funny one was the Airline Pilots sketch , and John Cleese 's intros . Only for diehard Python fans .
 I 'm a huge Monty Python fan , and love FAWLTY as well , but this is amazingly bad . It 's hard to believe these are some of the same people who would go on to give us the beautiful genius of Python , just one year after this . Poor Marty Feldman is credited with supplying some of the non-laugh-inducing material for this . It IS interesting to watch the non-funny version of the job applicant sketch , and to note the differences between this version and the actually-hilarious Python version , but that 's small consolation for having wasted a precious hour of your valuable life . Even Benny Hill show 's are better than this .
 ... buying this or even reading reviews . It is not funny . Only pilot skit is funny , and not enough to justify the cost of the film . I am a die hard fan of John Cleese and Monty Python . The best way to irritate people is by making them spend money on this film . I do n't think I have ever rated a film 1 before . There is nothing more to say . I hate to give such a bad review , but , you have been warned .
 I agree with the other reviews that the airline pilot sketch was extremely funny but that 's it . This is early Python before they really developed their characters and I consider myself a big Python fan but I must say in all honesty I do n't feel this is a good purchase . I do n't know how anyone could rate this as 4 or 5 stars unless they were perhaps related to one of the cast and trying to drum up sales . If you are interrested in John Cleese I recommend instead `` The Face '' it 's not a comedy , it 's a serious documentary about expression and human emotion with some humor thrown in .
 There are really only two sketches that are worth watching . The airline sketch , and the one with the car mechanic . Although John Cleese has a few good observations between sketches , it does n't make up for the fact that it 's not his BEST performance . He could n't help it-this was early in his career.My best advice ? Rent it . You 'll get the same amount of entertainment for less money .
 Very dull and dissapointing . I HIGHLY suggest renting it before you buy . You will be glad you only spent -LSB- PRICE -RSB- on a rental .
 We own and enjoy a lot of Python -LRB- video and audio -RRB- , but this old TV special is really ` orrible ! Even if you are a die-hard fan , skip this one . There are two sketches which are slightly funny ; the others are completely and absolutely awful . It was actually depressing to watch .
 I 'm a great fan of Fawlty Towers.This is a very mixed bag : - Cleese 's introductions to each skit -LRB- in the form of a self-help lecturer -RRB- are well done - The two skits that made me laugh were the man trying to get the car dealer to fix the car he just purchased -LRB- as someone pointed out , a predecessor to the Dead Parrot skit -RRB- and the TV interviewer who does n't allow the guest to say anything . - Most of the skits are so long and painful that they are hard to watch . Makes Monty Python seem subtle . - Afaid that I find men pretending to be old ladies to be very unfunny.Some good bits , but not at all his best .
 Boring . Unfunny . Actually irritating to watch . Which I guess makes it a brilliant meta-comedy ... No . It 's boring , unfunny , and irritating to watch . The second half is a bit better . There are several pieces which were later re-used in Monty Python -- some vastly reworked -LRB- Groveling Waiter , Quiz Show -RRB- , some recreated almost verbatim -LRB- Job Interview -RRB- . At least one sketch -LRB- Discussion Show -RRB- was reprised from `` At Last the 1948 Show , '' which Cleese , Chapman and Brooke-Taylor had done -LRB- with Marty Feldman -RRB- the year before.As a glimpse of the Pythons just before they became Pythons , it is moderately interesting . As a piece of entertainment , it 's not .
 Let me just say that I absolutely adore John Cleese and anyone associated with him . Maybe that 's why I found this film so incredibly disappointing
 I agree with others who have written weak reviews . As a Cleese fan , I was disappointed that the pacing was so slow and that frankly it just got boring after a while . Cleese must have learned some lessons from this project , because his later work is far superior.Fawlty Towers - The Complete Serieswill always be a personal favorite by any comedian , any genre .
 I totally agree with the SECOND part of the `` viewer from Texas ' '' opinion above
 I 'm afraid I ca n't agree with most of the other reviewers of this film.Sometimes you watch a movie expecting to be dazzled with brilliant dialog enacted by competent actors , excellent direction and creative editing.This movie has some moments , but they are few and far between . The movie starts off very choppy - cutting from one scene to another without pausing anywhere for more than a few seconds . A great deal of the acting is wooden , with many examples - Natalie Wood 's father , her teacher , the minister -LRB- particularly -RRB- , and several others . Pat Hingle is not wooden though - he overacts so badly that you begin to hate seeing his character . Unfortunately , nobody has anything really worth saying.The only bright spot is Barbara Loden , who plays Warren Beatty 's wanton sister . She really shines in her role.The music is strange too . The opening bars of the main title sound like they were originally written for a war movie , and then it descends into schmaltz . The soundtrack music often does n't work with what is happening on the screen . An example is when Natalie Wood jumps into the reservoir above the waterfall .
 I am a great admirer of Natalie Wood . The facts read in the book and the sequence of her life seemed to be very credible . The style in which the book was written , however , was trite , redundant and poor . I regretted turning each page -- a real sleeper . All in all , the book was insiteful . A long waited for biography , too bad it was boring .
 Hey this movie was NO Rebel Without A Cause.First of all its a sappy love story and well thats just not me i think the movie industry would be alot better if we would cut out all of this garbage in the movies and look at life how it REALLY is , not the prospective from two idiot teenagers in love.Second two words warren beatty this guy must be if not the worst and most ugly actor to have ever lived.His proformance is very dull and boring you can see right through him , as for natalie wood well was just okay i felt her proformance was akward and strange for my taste another one who you can see right through.Buts thats just my opinion !
 Natalie Wood is a fresh , young and attractive actress who is reasonably effective in the lead role , but the film left me dissatisfied on several counts . First , it does not convey anything of the mentality of the American mid-west in the 1920s , when it is set . You can buy the wardrobe and the old cars ; that 's not enough . This film was made in the 1960s and reeks of the 60s . Secondly , the story is paper thin
 late , late , late , oh did i say late ... paid for next day , did not leave for 5 days AFTER i got a confirm email . . not happy at all ... movie was perfect , but too late guests gone
 Well , from the looks of the other reviews , it looks like I 'm going to be in the minority on this one . The original Amityville house , with the third floor triangular , chilling windows made the original Amityville movie a worldwide hit . Who could forget the windows and their chilling , eerie feeling they 'd give you ?? Amityville 4 seems to slip away from the psychological terror that was so prominent in the first three Amityville movies by giving quick , silly , and cheap scares . It was creepy , I 'll admit , when the youngest girl in the family kept talking to the lamp , thinking that it was her father . But the scares in the movie are n't as drawn out and psychological as they were in the first movie . There is even some gore in the movie , which does n't scare me , it just grosses me out . I just find evil hauntings such as wierd noises , strange sights -LRB- remember the demons that were coming out of the door in the cellar in the second Amityville movie ? -RRB- and evil paranormal activity to be much more frightening . The movie actually DOES have the original Amityville house in the beginning of the movie , where a group of priests exorcise the house from the evil , which I felt was a mistake . I do n't see what 's wrong with continually using the same house if you 're going to do a movie with `` Amityville '' in the title . The original house was perfect for a evil haunted house movie . The house was n't TOO big , not too small , and it was old and creepy looking to begin with . Not to mention that it was nice enough of a house where all the creepy things that have gone on in the first three movies inside it added to the intrigue of the movie . But I gave it a try anyway , and although many people may disagree with me , I have to say , if you 're going to make a movie with the word `` Amityville '' , you should stick with the original house that made the first movie a hit across the world . And you should also stick with the same types of psychological terror that was so prevalent in the first three movies . To make a long story short , it really was n't scaring me . As far as the cast , one thing that was turning me off was that there were a couple of elderly women in the movie who reminded me of Alice from the Brady Bunch or extras for the Golden Girls , who both unfortunately have big roles . The youngest daughter was great at her part , as the one who gets drawn to the lamp repeatedly and the evil inside the lamp tries to control her . Patty Duke , who 's not only very attractive in the movie plays her part very well as the mother of the little girl . You also wo n't mind -LRB- trust me , guys -RRB- looking at the older daughter . The young priest in the movie was very good too . Watching him exorcise the Amityville house in the beginning of the movie was REALLY COOL !! If you 're an Amityville freak , it MIGHT be worth checking it out just to see the original house in the beginning , and a FEW scenes with the youngest daughter 's obsession with the lamp . And guys , it definately wo n't hurt to see the mother and older daughter in the movie . Other than that , the movie should have stayed with the original Amityville house . I can not believe there are absolutely NO MORE ideas moviemakers could come up with for the original house .
 I bought this movie because I found it hilarious . It is one of the worst movies ... ever . The villain in this story is an EVIL LAMP ! -LRB- And I am familiar with the other Amityville titles ... those were decent . -RRB- Almost all of the deaths in the movie you can see a mile ahead . The acting is abominable . I made some of my friends watch it and we laughed most of the way through it . It is NOT scary . Do n't buy/watch this unless its for laughs only . Amityville fans should be outraged that this TV movie somehow bears the name of their beloved horror movies . And once more for kicks ... EVIL LAMP .
 Woody Allen , because of his great talents as a moviemaker and artist , long ago moved on from portraying short , schleppy , not very attractive New York Jewish guys living out their private fantasies on film.Billy Crystal is so self-absorbed that he can not get away from this genre , e.g. , When Harry Met Sally , City Slickers . The only thing missing from this horribly trite movie is the tall Midwestern blonde as Crystal 's love object . Rent The Heartbreak Kid -LRB- 1972 -RRB- starring Charles Grodin and Cybill Shepherd , to see a somewhat similar theme but better in every way , writing , directing , acting , character players.For me , the only redeeming feature of this movie was the luminous Debra Winger . Ms. Winger , many years after her brilliant performance in An Officer and a Gentleman is still a delight to watch.This movie is neither romance nor comedy . It is truly forgettable and my guess is that in a few more years it will be forgotten .
 A story of a couple who met in Paris , fell in love , then got married happily after ... . No sorry , they did n't , not immediately.They fell in love at first , then were faced with reality that started diminshing their love gradually . They started having fights and conflicts , then eventually they got back together and were happily in love ever after.I found the film to be boring . Its quite long , full of unnecessary details , typical early 90s movie ! It was n't funny , was n't even romantic . We did n't even get much of France or the French culture except in the begining . Even the name Forget Paris does n't make sense because we do n't get much of France . They meant by the name to forget the lovely times both couples had in Paris.A movie about a regular couple having regular experiences . NO VALUE ADDED.Quite boring , maybe we today do not have the patience to watch classic films .
 I wanted the DVD `` Forget Paris '' and I was send a DVD with that film and 3 others . I just wanted that one DVD and its album cover , etc. . Not a collection of 4 DVDs !
 I can see why Debra Winger went into a self-imposed exile after this tiresome 1995 studio product , as she looks ill-at-ease as a romantic comedy lead . Here is an accomplished actress who seizes roles with a palpable life force when she is in the right vehicle . However , Winger seems lost playing against the stand-up shenanigans of Billy Crystal , and consequently they never really connect in any believable way . Much of the blame has to be placed on Crystal , who not only starred but also directed and co-wrote the film with Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel . He seems intent on doing a retread ofWhen Harry Met Sally ... but this time following a seemingly incompatible couple through marital discord.Crystal plays Mickey Gordon , an NBA referee who tries to abide by his estranged father 's wishes to be buried in France . The airline has unfortunately lost the casket , and their Paris-based customer relations executive Ellen Andrews tries to correct things for Mickey . Of course , they fall in love since it is Paris , and they get married almost immediately . Complications ensue with Mickey on the road and Ellen unable to conceive a baby . The central conceit of the film is its framing device , a dinner where a group of their friends congregate and share their remembrances of Mickey and Ellen 's courtship and marital problems . How they are able to relay such intimate details is never really addressed since it 's a plotting contrivance we are supposed to accept.The other problem is that Crystal is not really acting here but performing his comedy routine as Mickey . Many of his lines sound overly familiar with many of the jokes having a forced feeling , and the role is virtually interchangeable with his Harry from the earlier film . Nevertheless , there are some truly funny bits , such as the running gag with Ellen 's senile father -LRB- played by a befuddled William Hickey -RRB- repeating road signs in the car and the scene with the pigeon getting stuck to the side of Ellen 's head . But it 's not nearly enough . A solid supporting cast has been assembled as the friends - Joe Mantegna , Julie Kavner -LRB- particularly funny -RRB- , Richard Masur , Cathy Moriarty , John Spencer , Cynthia Stevenson - though they act more like a chorus to the proceedings . The inevitable ending feels hollow since the relationship never felt that resonant . Despite some attempts at serious moments during the second half , this is the type of lightweight film that does n't linger too long in one 's memory . The 2000 DVD has no extras .
 I chose this rating because Billy Crystal and Debra Winger have always done fantastic performances but this movie , I felt , left a lot to be desired . It was just ok but not at all funny like I expected . Sue H.
 Boring romantic crap about a guy who meets a woman in Paris ... they get married ... have troubles ... make up and get back together ... have some more troubles ... get back together again ... blah blah blah.This movie will make you wan na blow your head off.The demons in Hell probally show this movie to the lost souls down there , over and over again as their eternal punishment .
 Yes , this workout is pretty good . The yoga and pilates segments are interesting and different , and they really feel effective . But why has n't anyone mentioned the terrible video and sound quality ?? This DVD looks like it was filmed with a home camera . The video is grainy , sometimes blurry , and very hard to look at . It gave me a headache ! The sound is also bad . At times it sounds like she is talking into a cup . Also , the Pilates segment has no music until halfway through.But it 's not just that . She spends a lot of time sitting and talking about the moves you are going to do . This is great - the first couple times you do it . After that , you are ready to just get to the workout and not have to sit and listen again . It 's not really convenient to FF , you always go too far and have to back up.So , although this is n't the worst workout I 've ever done -LRB- it 's actually a pretty decent sequence -RRB- technical problems and slow pace hamper this DVD down . If someone already has it , go ahead and do it a time or two . You 'll like it . Just do n't waste your money on it , because you wo n't do it enough to get the value out of it .
 Jennifer Kries certainly should n't have called her DVD `` Pilates Method '' , as it has very little in common with pilates - and a great deal in common with Jane Fonda . I found her voice and instructions grating , and certainly do n't anticipate using the DVD again . The NYC Ballet Workout is a much better adaptation of pilates related techniques .
 This has very little to do with Pilates and the quality really -LSB- is bad -RSB- . It was a real disappointment . The best DVD I have seen was Pilates for Dummies ...
 the procution quality of this tape low , and the pace of the ` work out ' is slow . The title is misleading , as Kries has created her own system based on yoga , pilates , and classical dance - therefore she should not be using Pilates in her title . Her techniques are also not true enough to any of the forms that she claims to be using to be attributed to them -LRB- i.e. she instructs exhaling through the mouth , which is not okay in yoga practice -RRB- This tape is probably appropriate for people just starting , or with infirmities , but for anyone who is not at a ` basic ' level , it will be a waste of money and time . In addition , not only is Kries boring , poorly spoken , and condescending , but the first 20 minutes are virtually undistinguishable from another tape of hers , which I also regret buying , ` The Pilates Method . '
 I recently purchased this DVD and I 'm not happy about it . There is very little variety of exercises . The 3 different programs -LRB- 4 actually but one of them is a silent repeat of the cardio program -RRB- do n't give you enough time to work out . You do n't sweat at all . It would have been an `` ok '' beginners stretching program if the quality of video would n't be so bad . I would n't call it `` yoga '' either . I felt like I was watching poor cable work out . The cover actually is much prettier than what 's behind it ...
 J. Kries and the Method fans , everything you see in the New Method Series -LRB- all 3 tapes -RRB- are in other Method tapes already . Kries just mixed some movements from other tapes like Dance to Fitness , All in One Workout ... etc. and titled them as `` NEW METHODS '' . They are not new at all in movements or anything , but just how she recycled and mixed them .
 The DVD totally freezes up my Mac so I have n't been able to view it . Sending it to a friend and using Ana Caban 's DVD instead -LRB- which works fine -RRB- .
 The only reason why I gave it a low rating is that the DVD does n't work well . It plays in my DVD fine , but when I play it on my laptop , there 's no sound . Also , I have yet to find the ` multi-angle ' aspect on the DVD . Other than that , it 's a standard workout . Not good for beginners , though .
 I bought this tape because of the rave reviews . I wish I had n't . The first workout was just sit-ups . I can do those without a tape . -LRB- in fact , I teach a 1/2 hour class of abs -RRB- The second workout `` Metabolic Booster '' was an absolute joke . Nothing cardio about it . Finally , the last workout . It was all about breathing properly . I know this is hard for some people to do , at first . This was just ridiculous . I wish I could get my money back and return it .
 This is the 2nd copy of this DVD I have put in my player that has no audio at all . Yes , all my other DVDs I put in play fine , but this has no audio so I 'll be returning it for good this time . Anyway , the video quality could look more crisp and it 's not very visually appealling .
 This is a terrible video . I enjoy exercise videos but this is one of the worst . The instructor does n't stop talking . It 's nice to be guided through postures but she does n't shut up . She also takes atleast five minutes of each segment and tells you how to breathe . It felt like a Lamaze class . The first segment is Core Conditioning . It concentrates on your abs and lower spine . It 's not half bad and she does explain things nicely , which is good if you 've never done Pilates.The second segment , Metabolic Booster , is ridiculous . She 's jumping and dancing all over the place . You 'd have to watch it quite a few times to get the moves down . The last segment , Rejuvination , is based on yoga . Again , she babbles on for about five minutes then finally takes you through a few common postures . Thankfully I only rented this video .
 I WAITED FOR YEARS TO GET THIS ON DVD . LOW AND BEHOLD IT IS MISSINGALMOST 30 MINUTES OF MATERIAL COMPARED TO THE VHS ! SOME OF THE BESTPARTS -LRB- WHEN A MAN LOVES A WOMAN MUSTANG SALLY ETC. -RRB- WHY HOMESPUNDID THIS WITHOUT TELLING ANYONE IS BEYOND ME . HOT LICKS AND STEPHANGROSSMAN 'S DVD 'S GIVE YOU THE COMPLETE PREVIOUS LESSON AND ADD TO IT , NOTTAKE AWAY . BEWARE ANY HOMESPUN DVD ' AS YOU MAY NOT GET EVERYTHINGYOU PAY FOR !
 I first saw this film on a PBS Show . It was incredible . I could not believe how beautiful , and poetic , it was.Then I saw it in a revival theater here in Los Angeles , and again , I was overwhelmed at the power of this film.Finally , my dream is realized , and I buy the DVD , , , , , OMIGOD!The people who did the transfer of this film to DVD , should be barred from ever working in any way again on any art project.They have absolutely no clue , what they are doing.The source of the DVD seemed to be an old print that was left in the sun for the last 25 years.It is a travesty.DO NOT BUY THIS DVD!and I love the film.DO NOT ENCOURAGE THESE PEOPLE , THEY MIGHT DO MORE HARM !
 For someone who knows nothing about Sayat Nova or Armenian culture , and who is not all that familiar with art in film , this is a truly bizarre piece.It is basically montages of costumed actors doing rituals very slowly and staring directly at the camera interspersed with some poetry lines that loosely -LRB- VERY loosely -RRB- relate to what is being done on film . Needless to say , this is less about Sayat Nova and more about the director 's vision . This film does not really tell a coherent story ; it seems to be more of an attempt to create art for the sake of art . Having said that , it is intriguing , but at times , tedious . Once you realize that the director is playing out a highly stylized vision of poetry that may or may not have deeper symbolism , you can either just appreciate it for what it is or become slightly disappointed . I do appreciate the art , but I would have liked to see more of a story . I know that others would complain that I am being too conventional , but an hour and 18 minute film without a sense of meaning is really not that much fun to watch . If it had been shorter , it would not have been as tedious.However , ultimately , I am impressed with the vision on some level , and the fact that this was created in 1968 makes it seem that much more impressive to me , as the only movies I have seen from this era have been conventional American films . This is definitely a departure from anything you have ever seen before , but if you want a shorter , more concise idea of what the film is about , just go to youtube and watch Juno Reactor - God is God . The video uses clips from this film , and it 's basically a shorter , more succinct version just with an electronica song as a backdrop as opposed to odd music and sounds . That video is how I ended up learning about this movie and renting it!In short , I 'm not sorry to have watched it , but I 'm not sure that my time was well-spent , either . I am always searching for meanings and the message behind the film , but this movie did n't seem to have a message .
 There are films that seem bad at first but open up when seen a second or third time . This is not one of them . The first two times I saw this film , it seemed incredibly beautiful to me . My jaw probably fell open the first time I saw it . But the third time was too much . The film is so incredibly silly and pretentious I almost felt like laughing at some of the scenes . At times it almost seems like a Saturday-Night-Live parody of an art film , e.g. the scene of the monks noisily chomping on pomegranites . A talent for visual composition and an interesting sound track are just not enough to make a good film . Paradjanov had one idea in this film -LRB- `` Hey , I 'll tell a story with a series of ikons ! '' -RRB- and repeated it five hundred times . Even imagistically , there are many many far more impressive films than this one -- take Orson Welles ' `` Othello '' as one underrated example . So John Updike and Pierre Boulez like this film ? Not everyone is perfect . Among art films , there are A films , B films , and then there is this film .
 This is a very boring piece of ` art ' which does nothing to a person living in the west . Unless you are muslim or wear a scarf around your face , then you wo n't be at all interested in this pretentious piece of poetry from the bloated and overrated director Sergei Parajanov . It deals with some Armenian poet who wrote under the influence of opium and the film is a testament to the visions he saw . In art direction , and sets , there are passable glimpses , but so what , if it bores us out of our minds or if there is no story involved , then why do we care if we see implacably designed sets?I had a hard time sitting through it and had to forward it because it was just too much . I think Fellini had a better mood in `` Satryican '' because he emphasized not only set design but at least some method of story telling , however disfigured . But Parajanov , who hails from the mountain regions of the Caucasus , is so accustomed to Soviet film making , which is quite vapid and slow moving , that he does nothing to engage our senses . If I were at a play , then at least I 'd attempt to be polite but I must say that this is horrible . An extra on the DVD is Parajanov being interviewed in which he states that , `` a director is born '' , and shows his elitist self . Then there are clips of him from annoying art festivals from europe , hailing him as the next messiah of film , its all very insipid for non-Parajanov fans .
 VIEWERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THIS FILM CONTAINS SCENES IN WHICH ANIMALS ARE SLAUGHTERED AND HURT .
 There are films that seem bad at first but open up when seen a second or third time . This is not one of them . The first two times I saw this film , it seemed incredibly beautiful to me . My jaw probably fell open the first time I saw it . But the third time was too much . The film is so incredibly silly and pretentious I almost felt like laughing at some of the scenes . At times it almost seems like a Saturday-Night-Live parody of an art film , e.g. the scene of the monks noisily chomping on pomegranites . A talent for visual composition and an interesting sound track are just not enough to make a good film . Paradjanov had one idea in this film -LRB- `` Hey , I 'll tell a story with a series of ikons ! '' -RRB- and repeated it five hundred times . Even imagistically , there are many many far more impressive films than this one -- take Orson Welles ' `` Othello '' as one underrated example . Among art films , there are A films , B films , and then there is this film .
 I really wanted to enjoy this movie , as I found Paranjanov 's Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors to be fascinatingly otherworldly . I also wanted to expand the internationality of my film collection by adding an Armenian film . I was also interested in learning something about Armenia and the Armenian people . If you have similar interests , do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . I knew this was an `` art '' film , and I tried desperately to keep an open mind , however I could not stomach watching this without the aid of the FF button . To me this film was quite simply utter trash . I am not easy to offend ; for example I really enjoyed Harvey Keitel in the Bad Lieutenant . I think I was most sickened by the scenes -LRB- implied or actual -RRB- of animal abuse . To be fair , I do think some people can enjoy it , however I think at least three of the following four conditions would have to be met :1 -RRB- be a fan of poetry with an interest in Armenia2 -RRB- enjoy homo-erotic human mosaic3 -RRB- enjoy cruelty to animals4 -RRB- enjoy art films with little formal plot structureTragically , Parajanov was sent to the gulag for making this film , apparently on trumped up charges of homosexuality . Watching this film , its not hard to see where the Soviets got the idea . I wanted to give this film two star in respect for Parajanov , but really one star is sufficiently generous in this case . Perhaps the lesson of this film is that some feelings are better left surpressed . I can not understand why this Parajanov film is available on DVD but not his far superior Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors .
 Do n't let the 1999 in the title fool you , this is simply a repackaged version of the `` Virgin Fantasy '' Video CD -LRB- VCD -RRB- in DVD format . The image quality is excellent , but the content is strictly `` soft R '' . If you need to see Maiko Yuki alone in various states of undress , go for it .
 This is not exactly what a typical buyer would expect . True , there is nudity in the video , but it definitely is not worth the money . Granted she 's a pretty girl , but do n't expect any really explicit sexual material . If you are interested in pretty AND naked Japanese women you are most likely better off getting something else .
 Each ` module ' is only 30 minutes long , and a good part of each is eaten up by the opening and closing credits . Collectively , this is a good introduction to solving the simplest types of differential equations , and as such it would be worth 5 stars if all six modules were on one DVD .
 personally i do n't see what 's so great about uncut i bought the original version and it worked just fine . uncut is just the same thing only more expensive .
 This is one of the best comics I have read in a while and the anime is faithful . Great characters , goofy plot lines , and great animation . Everyone has a great back story and One Piece can be very touching and inspiring but its mostly good fun , though not always clean . Anyone who cares to read will see that both the comic and anime are for teens though the story is generally light hearted . I ca n't recommend this piece of art enough to fans of action adventure stories in the vein of Dragon Ball . Much inspiration for One Piece is credited to Akira Toriyama by Eiichiro Oda himself . I only give it one star because today is opposite day .
 I purchased this item for my daughter who is evidently addicted to Japanese cartoons . She seems to love it however I do n't get it . Bad language , not suitable for children as far as I 'm concerned .
 this is one of the worst movies that i have seen . poor acting and the story line was predictable and slow moving . The beginning of the movie where she had her meltdown was the only highlight of the movie , from there on out it was all downhill . Mark Harman looked like a corpse . the movie was tasteless sex , cheap story line and quite painful too endure to the end . Even though I saw the storm brewing and heard the crackling of the thunder , I honestly did n't think I would get sucked into the eye of the storm with this terrible forecast of a movie the weather girl ... calgon please take me away ...
 I was surprised to see Mark Harmon in this low budget flick . The first scene where ` Weather Girl ' loses it on the set is very poor dialogue and she can not act for peanuts . No-one in the movie could act , even Mark Harmon ! There is no situation or person in this movie that you start to cheer for . Just glad I did not buy it ! A failure in my books .
 Here is the -LCB- Bottom-Line -RCB- on the Blu-Ray edition.The Video portion is just fine.The Audio that is suppose to be as I recall in 5.1 Surround is , `` Pitiful '' . Sorry folks but you might as well here it the way it is before you order the Blu-Ray edition.I 'm not going to get into the Movie in regards to the Special effects etc. I think all of us know about that.The real question that should be answered in this Review is about the Blu-Ray and if it is Good or Bad.Terry Honaker
 I loved this movie on laserdisc but folks this DVD has poor color quality and a terrible video transfer . I would not purchase it until Criterion or somebody does a special edition .
 The movie would have been fine had the audio and video kept sync . Unfortunately the video got ahead of the audio and I kept having to stop and restart . Also , do n't rent an online movie from Amazon until you 're ready to watch it . They cut you off the momemt your 48 hours are up .
 Can not say anything bad about the movie itself -- a must-see to understand how derivative many later SF movies were.But my main gripe is with the DVD itself
 The blu ray version is barely superior to the DVD ... it is very grainy.Not worth the upgrade .
 IF YOU LIKE . . ROBBIE THE ROBOT ! IT 'S NICE TO SEE HIM IN OTHER STUFF ... THE TOY FIGURE IS TOO SMALL SAVE MONEY ? GET THEM ONE AT A TIME THE TIN IS OK BUT CAN GET BANGED UP IN THE MAIL THEN YOU WILL WANT YOUR CRELL MIND TO GO OUT AND GET CRAZY ON THE FED/X OR BROWN GUY TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK !
 The provided DVD has a poor image resolution , very close to VHS .
 While the movie `` Forbidden Planet '' is a landmark science fiction movie , and well worth including in anyone 's media library , I can not recommend the DVD version sold here . The widescreen side is distorted , with characters and perspective appearing tall and narrow ; and the TV-formatted side is dark , fuzzy , and poorly dubbed . In my opinion , anyone interested in purchasing this movie for their home library should be sure to buy it in a brick-and-mortar store where they can view the version being sold to assure its quality . That would hold true of the VHS version as well as the DVD version , since it is probable that the same distributor who made the DVD version also made the VHS version sold here . I should have paid attention to other reviewers who have had the same disappointing result from purchasing this DVD as I have . I am writing this review so that others wo n't make the same mistake I did .
 I purchased this DVD in the hopes that I would be seeing the original CINEMASCOPE print of this sci-fi classic . Sadly the only frames in Cinemascope are the opening credits . The rest of this glorious film has been chopped up to accommodate a standard format . What a loss !
 Region details not available . Does not play on Australian DVD player . Waste of money in the end . : -LRB-
 I received my DVD and when I opened the box the cellophane had been removed . There was a note saying the disc was loose and they removed the wrapping to check . When I tried to play the DVD it did not work . I tried on both a Blue-ray player and on a regular DVD player . It does not work on either .
 All the other reviewers were perhaps too upset about the image quality , to note that * gee * this story is long on technology exposition , free of character , and story telling cohesion . This movie stinks . Who in their right mind would recommend this movie to another sentient being ? 1 . It 's so god awfully boring . Most of the movie is Walter Pidgen explaining outrageous -LRB- not really -RRB- technology in a professorial monotone in a single camera shot . Apparently they spent all their money making Robbie the Robot 's gyroscopes motorized instead of hiring a director with even a kindergartener 's understanding of composition . Also the director really wants you to get how amazing techonology is ! Even it means this movie crawls at a snail 's pace unrelieved by true wonder , or a glimpse of an alien tentacle . See the five minute shot of the flying saucer 's landing gear - an homage to a stainless steel column stool a la a fifties diner .2 . The first third of this movie is a nerds-only sex farce wherein various corn-pone nineteen fifties types try to teach Virgin Anne Francis how to kiss . Anne Francis on the other hand is too busy taming the inexplicable tigers that roam planet Altair with her Virgin powers . That or the space cook trying to get Robbie the Robot to make him up some Kentucky Bourbon . And then suddenly this drops and Anne Francis does n't say another line until the last five minutes of the movie . Because Walter Pidgen has to come back on and do more exposition the wonders of Krell technology , a long dead alien race we have n't glimpsed or known about until the second act .3 . Just in case you were n't going gaga over the blinking lights , and far-out techno sounds that accompany them * do n't worry * there is a big ole monster that comes along . Again due to budgetery concerns this monster is INVISIBLE . We do however get to see a vewy scawy plaster cast of a claw.Were this a Star Trek episode , it 'd be succinct and succulent . Instead the only thing worth seeing in this movie is Walter Pidgen 's totally swank Jetson 's pad , Anne Francis 's perky little bod , and Leslie Nielson when he had brown hair . Apparently it inspired Star Trek which is perhaps the only reason in a million years you might want to watch this forgettable trash .
 I received the DVD . It would not play on my DVD player . Thinking that the HD DVD would not play on the older DVD player , I purchased an HD DVD player only to find out the DVD was actually BAD - NOT IN PLAY MODE .
 I ordered the movie Forbidden Planet -LRB- NEW -RRB- through Amazon.com , when I received the DVD the disk inside was not the DVD I ordered , isted , the titled DVD that was in the factory sealed Forbidden Planet pakage , was `` THREE TO TANGO '' , I can not find a proceedure or a method to resolve this situation on the amazon.com web site . I am out $ 14.99 , and I still do not have a copy of Forbidden Planet . My sudgestion , is do not buy this DVD online anywhere , but rather , buy it from a local store , where you can take it back , if you are unlucky enough to get stuck like I did .
 Although Forbidden Planet is one of the greatest SF movies ever made , the 1997 DVD transfer sucks utterly . Many scratches , ticks , reel change `` footballs '' not to mention very bad colour tell me that this is not the digitally remastered and cleaned up version that appeared on VHS.Avoid this DVD until it is cleaned up .
 FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the seminal Science-Fiction movies ofthe 1950s , the decade in which ALL the cinematic sci-fi ruleswere written regardless of budgets , production or lo-techspecial effects . It has a plot remotely linked to Shakespeare ` sTHE TEMPEST but also manages to tie in a great adventure storywrapped in a cloak of Freudian analysis , the latter benefitnever once getting in the way of the former . HOWEVER , MGM , nowWarners DVD has managed to put this terrific film out in onesupremely botched transfer . The colors are muted , washed-out andtending towards the red scale , while the sound is a boxed-in , mid-range , semi-monophonic joke . Instead of the full-rangedirectional stereo of the original track , we get mono dialogueand static two-channel presentations of the film 's great andunique electronic score . If you have any doubts as to theseopinions , simply check out TCM Cable 's new transfer and compare . Believe me , after tossing this DVD in the -LSB- garbage -RSB- you will have NO doubts as to what can be done to make thisfilm look fantastic on video . Save your money for the present and write to Warner video and insist on a remastering.The only reason this review has two stars is forthe inclusion of the long , original trailer . -LRB- Which by the wayuses orchestral music from BAD DAY AT BLACK ROCK -RRB- And one morething , Warners ... how about a commentary track from Leslie Nielsen and Anne Francis ?
 One of the best Sci-Fi movies of all time is represented by one of the worst DVDs of all time . Forbidden Planet is a great movie , retelling Shakespeare 's The Tempest in the Sci-Fi genre . Relief ship from Earth travels to a world to find two survivors of a colony settled over 20 years ago . An excellently arrogant Walter Pigeon has , through the use of alien technology , built for himself and his daughter , the beautiful Anne Francis , a virtual paradise , complete with robot servant and atomic-disposal . The `` rescue '' party , captained by a pre-silliness Leslie Nielsen disrupts the tranquility of their lives and unleashes the unseen monster which destroyed not only the other colonists , but also the alien civilization which had flourished here eons ago . The movie is still great 50 years after it was made . But this DVD is horrid . Being presented in a full screen format , in which the left or right side of scenes are cut off is n't even the worst of it . The quality of the picture is fuzzy and blurred . And as for extras ? Forget it . If you 've never seen this movie , then this is certainly not the way to do so for the first time .
 The DVD 's are fine , the postcards are an intersting touch , BUT the robot is a smaller than pictured solid rubber model with a decal face . Placed in a tin box , I would rather have spent $ 20 less for the DVDs alone .
 I received the Ultimate Collector 's Edition for Christmas , and was extremely grateful . The movie is an absolute science fiction classic , worthy of FIVE STAR accolades , however , I highly recommend that anyone interested in the 50th Anniversary Edition consider the Forbidden Planet Two-Disc 50th Anniversary Special Edition instead of the Ultimate Collector 's Edition . The two-disc version contains everything the movie fan really wants , and at half the price.Please allow me to explain why.The Ultimate Collector 's Edition comes with a second movie , `` The Invisible Boy '' which also stars the legendary Robbie the Robot . While that is nice , I never wanted nor cared about the second movie . This packaging , while attractive , is akin to having the price substantially boosted on you for purchasing a second movie you 're not really interested in . It 's very much like those offers here on Amazon you 'll see when you 're looking at a movie you might want to buy , and then they suggest `` buy this along with `` Name of Movie you Do n't Want '' for $ 50.00 '' . It 's nice for the suggestion , but I do n't think I 've ever taken one of them.Next , the tin package is cool , but it contains many other things you 'll never really care about . The miniture of Robby is just that . It 's a cat toy , truth be told , and if you remove it from the tin , you 'll lose it.The package also comes with `` lobby cards '' for both Forbidden Planet and the movie you do n't really care about . They 're a little bit bigger than post cards , and chances are they will go back into the tin and never be seen again.The extra features on the Forbidden Planet DVD are apparently very similar to the ones on the two-disc collection . I 'm not certain if the two-disc collection has some of the deleted scenes -LRB- which , while short , were fascinating to watch -RRB- , but the other features offered on the two disc seem to be missing from the `` Ultimate '' which makes me wonder why they considered that name at all . You 'd figure `` Ultimate '' would have it all , but it very clearly does n't . I 'm not going to review the movie itself any further than I have here ; it 's brilliant , and I 'm thrilled to have it in my collection -LRB- although the tin takes up way too much room on the shelf , and I really do n't think that the cardboard insert would really stand alone very well if I removed it for the shelf -RRB- . To sum it up , anyone considering this purchase should really look at the 50th Anniversay Two-Disc version before making a decision . My advise ? Just go to the two-disc version and hit `` Add to Cart '' and do n't worry about what you might miss from the `` Ultimate '' version .
 I bought this film because it has always been one of my favorite classic Sci-Fi moves . It has everything from monsters to sexy women . But it was a real disappointment for me to have to watch this poor quality reproduction . I will hope that someday another production company will remake this with the quality it deserves . If I wanted this junk , I could have stuck with my old VHS .
 I don ' t want to spoil anybody 's fun here -LRB- enjoy it , folks ! -RRB- , this is just for those who only saw it many years ago -LRB- like I did -RRB- and are still unsure about purchasing . `` Forbidden Planet '' has three things going for it
 i would not advise any one to waste their money on this blu-ray package for one main reason . sound track IS NOT 5.1 !!! the entire movie soundtrack played out through my center speaker ONLY ! the regular 2 disc 50th anniversary has the dolby sound . so if you have that stick with that and forget the blue ray until they decide to include a good sound track . i mean if you are watching a movie on the big screen do n't you want surround sound too ?
 Let 's be honest here ... had it not been for the jaw-dropping special effects -LRB- at least for the time -RRB- , this mundane flick would have been quickly forgotten . As another reviewer pointed out , most of the money for the production seems to have gone for the effects , with only a token amount devoted for the cast and soundtrack . Robby the robot alone cost some $ 100,000 to create ... not a small sum for the mid-1950 's . I like Leslie Nielsen , but he was just getting started here . A bit green and it shows . Walter Pidgeon , an otherwise fine and gifted actor , was far past his prime by the time he did ` Forbidden Planet ' . Leggy Anne Francis comes off more as dingy blonde prick tease than anything . And I can only assume that a booze-guzzling Earl Holliman was inserted as comic relief.The politically correct crowd will find a lot to gripe about with this film . There was n't a single African-American in the entire cast . And apparently , females had not yet been trusted to operate , much less travel in , interstellar spacecraft , since Nielsen 's crew is entirely male . And even they begin acting like immature teenage boys as soon as they get an eyeful of Anne Francis . As the only female character , she did n't do much to advance the feminist cause . This sort of thing could be found in any number of films from the 1950 's . ` Forbidden Planet ' most certainly was not the only one.The most annoying thing about this film is the soundtrack . OMG ... what were they thinking ? An overheated theremin -LRB- along with some creative use of reverb and echo -RRB- pushes out a near-constant stream of bleeps , warbles , shrieks and other noises that do n't sound anything like music . Imagine a pair of white-hot sewing needles being inserted into your eardrums . This film would have been so much better served by a soaring , orchestra-based soundtrack.All in all , this is NOT a bad film , but it has some bad qualities . Worth watching at least once , if for no other reason because it 's a classic . But not worth the tons of praise I 've seen heaped on it over the years .
 I tried to watch this and could n't . Anne 's legs kept distracting me from the mind deadening godawful dialog -- and her legs were n't even that good . Despite the scenery , effects and main idea , it 's still not worth watching as a film . Want a great SF film ? Watch Fifth Element or Aliens
 who cares about a bunch of badly reproduced lobby cards ? I do -- a little -- but would not pay 20 dollars for them not even if they are accompanied by a ludicrous plastic toy model of the famous , glorious , robot . Pretty disappointing . Go for the simple DVD and enojoy the film .
 Saw this movie at the theater when it was released . I was about 13 years old at the time and thought it was the second best movie I had ever seen -LRB- Around The World In 80 Days being number 1 -RRB- . Since then I have owned it on Laser Disc but will not add it to my Bluray collection because of the HOAKY ARTIFICIAL SOUNDS . When they remake it and put in some REAL music , I will buy -LRB- but I 'm not holding my breath -RRB- .
 If you were born during the 70 's or after , just skip this movie . If you are a post-Star Wars sci-fi fan , do n't bother going back in time just to watch this movie . This movie is outdated . My high school Calculus teacher forced my entire class to watch this movie and write about it . Sorry younger folks , there is nothing special about this movie . It is incredibly boring . The dialogue is cheesy . The special effects suck . I know my review is harsh , but we are just not acquainted with these dated sci-fi flicks . The only people who like this movie are old . If you try to criticize the movie , they ca n't seem to allow any other opinion to exist other than theirs . They can try to defend it all they want , but it 's no use trying to argue with them.Sorry folks but the movie really sucks . You ca n't get younger folks to like this movie no matter how hard you try . Not saying that younger folks are better than older folks . It 's just not our cup of tea . I 'll admit that I 'm a young girl who loves sci-fi which is incredibly rare in my demographic . I 've seen War of the Worlds -LRB- the original is the best -RRB- , Logan 's Run , Blade Runner , Star Wars , Star Trek , The X-Files , Independence Day , Armageddon , I Robot -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- , Cowboys and Aliens , and both `` V '' TV series . Most girls my age would rather watch Twilight over sci-fi anyway . I 'm just giving my honest opinion .
 i found this movie to just be too talky . i think it would ve worked better as a play . nothing really seems to happen ... i just could nt get into this 1 . ... and i do like leslie neilson
 There are a handful of 1950 's sci-fi movies that have a big reputation - `` When Worlds Collide '' , `` The Thing From Another World '' , `` Forbidden Planet '' , and `` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' . Unfortunately , only `` The Day The Earth Stood Still '' really stands up -LRB- except the robot -RRB- . This movie has big concepts , and none of them work anymore , if they ever did . Part thriller , part drama , part mad-scientist melodrama . There are just too many things going on , and all of them `` supposedly '' explained in long-winded speeches that answer nothing . `` Forbidden Planet '' starts off looking much like Star Trek TOS , including the transporter . In reality , ST : TOS creator Gene Roddenberry admits this movie formed part of the basis for Star Trek . In a nutshell , a United Planets space cruiser captained by Leslie Nielsen lands on Altair , against the wishes of its inhabitant , Dr. Morbius , a remnant from a previous expedition . He and his 25 year old daughter -LRB- Anne Francis -RRB- are the only humans on the planet . There is also a robot called `` Robbie '' , of course , similar to that of the `` Lost in Space '' series . The doctor reluctantly shows the others his discovery about an ancient extinct race called the Krell . The `` big '' ending is too weird and funny to be described.The entire robot aspect and the tasks he performs is just silly -LRB- in the `` Lost In Space '' vein -RRB- . Earl Holliman 's character of `` Cookie '' was put in for comedic effect - unfortunately most has to do with his dealings with the robot - including getting the robot to make bourbon - which only adds to the silliness.The actors are quite serious and for the most part are OK . Leslie Nielsen plays it straight . Anne Francis is entertaining as the daughter who is initially somewhat innocent and ignorant of sex . As might be guessed , the captain ends up with her.The sets are incredibly hokey . The all-electronic score does not help . Ambitious , atrociously fake special effects that probably were OK in 1956 . Possibly the goofiest sci-fi movie ever . Do n't get me wrong - this is a well-made and well-intentioned movie , but as with `` When Worlds Collide '' and `` The Thing ... '' , it is recommended only for a laugh.A further insult is that the robot is not accurately depicted on the DVD cover and he never holds anyone in his arms .
 I had high hopes for this remake . The original 1979 film was a decent film but hardly a classic and certainly did n't do justice to the book which is one of the most terrifying books I had ever read . But instead of improving upon the original , director Andrew Douglas , in his first major directing credit , goes instead for cheap scares and overused horror cliches and changes the story so much as to become completely unrecognizable from Jay Anson 's book.You know the story ... Ronald DeFeo kills his entire family in 1974 by shooting them with a shotgun as they slept . He claims voices told him to do it . A year later , George and Kathy Lutz move into the home with their 3 kids and dog Harry . The colonial is way under priced and the deal of a lifetime and the Lutz 's jump at the chance to get it . Almost immediately the sinister house begins to affect the family . Daughter Chelsea begins seeing and talking to an imaginary friend named Jodie who is the spirit of little murdered Jodie Defeo . Here is overused horror cliche ' # 1 ... the creepy little girl ghost . Seems every horror film these days has to have a creepy little girl ghost in it . Of course in the book and original film Jodie was a pig whose shining red eyes George would see in Chelea 's window.George is also affected by the home first with an unnatural chill . He begins to spend much of his time in the basement feeding wood into the furnace . Again , this is a change when it was the fireplace in the living room that George spent his time around . A home in the mid-1970 's does n't have a forced air furnace ? George also begins seeing strange things which brings us to overused horror cliche # 2 . You know whenever someone bends over a sink and then back up straight that there is going to be a terrifying image in the mirror . Douglas gets huge mileage out of this cliche having twisted demonic faces appaear to george in mirrors , in the water of his boathouse , even on screen as he watches a home movie.George is becoming more and more hostile to his wife and step-children and increasingly violent due to the house 's influence.The original film did a far better job of showing George 's gradual decline into madness but this is streamlined here in order to show more fancy digital effects.Oh ... and someone please explain why the ghost of Jodie has a single bullet hole through her forehead if she was killed by a shotgun ??? While the book and original film had all of the family experiencing very tangible effects such as blood dripping from the walls , carpet being rolled up , black goo pouring from toilets and sinks , Douglas seeks to go for a more psychological angle to the horror and it just does n't work as well . Douglas and script writer Scott Kosar come up with some half-brained plot about a 17th century reverend who tortured and murdered indians on the site where the home is located which is completely unnecessary and over the top.I like Ryan Reynolds but it 's hard buying him in this role after his long string of sophmoric comedies . Both he and Mellisa George who played Kathy Lutz were a bit too young ... or at least young looking , for their roles in this film.All in all , a wonderful opportunity was missed to improve upon a so-so original film .
 This had a lot of potential . Had a good atmosphere to it . Ryan Reynolds was actually pretty good here as well . The rest . . ahh . What you have here is a very forced and silly movie that just does n't live up to all it could have . The changes were all for the worse . Whats with the whole secret Indian Cave area ? Do n't you think someone would have noticed that at some point ? Like ever ? According to George Lutz that is n't what happened . . yep one of those lets add crap for the sake of adding crap . THe whole Lutz story may or may not be a crock , but you could at least adapt their story and not make up some crap . . very disappointing . Overall one of those bigger budget and updated look and feel do n't make a better movie . . Do n't get me wrong the original is n't a masterpiece , but at least it was true to The Lutz 's story and not a crock ...
 THE AMITYVILLE HORROR is a scary-house movie . It 's one of those films about a house being haunted . The film is very loosely based upon a real-story about the Lutz family and the DeFeo family . The DeFeos were the original owners of the Amityville house and 28 days after moving in the father of the family went insane and killed his entire family . Years later the Lutz family purchases the house and moves in . Soon afterwards some really bizarre things start to happen
 Whatever happened to the `` Based on the true story '' part of this movie ? This movie is far from what really happened in Amityville ... this will make much more sense if the book is read first before the movie is seen . Also , I think that the 70s remake , with Margot Kidder , a.k.a Lois Lane , is the closest you can get as to what really transpired during the 28 days the Lutz 's family experienced at the Amityville home.Also , I wo n't go into details but the dog actually lived in the true story and that Jodi is a pig with red eyes . The book never mentioned anything about Jodi being a girl -LRB- I could be wrong , but still , it does n't do justice -RRB- . And the last scene was just disappointing that it 's not even worth mentioning , for those of who who 've read the book , you know what I mean.Overall , I 'm giving this movie two 1/2 stars just to give credit to the fact that this movie is the scariest movie I 've seen and for the director 's effort into doing his best to try and fit the movie to the true story . It would have been a five if I did not read the book first and if it was not based on a true story .
 Please do not under any circumstances buy , rent or borrow this film . It is that bad . No not even funny bad . I made the mistake of giving this `` film '' a chance and had my good intentions thrown back in my face by a weak story line that resembled nothing in the reasonably frightening book , pathetic acting , cliched special effects , and way to much of the lead actor half naked . This film would be a great lesson for future film makers in how NOT to make a scary movie.I suppose the ritalin addicted youth market may enjoy this film for its quick cut scenes that play out like a bad cross of a music video and out takes from `` Jacobs Ladder '' , and they certainly will not have to focus on anything to cerebral here either . Please if you want a decent haunted house film check out the original B/W `` The Haunting '' and avoid this piece of * % ^ $ * ^ % !!!!!! I gave this one star as the option for no stars does not exist .
 Instead of remaking a classic thriller or even revamping an original , the filmmakers chose to inflict this lame remake of the equally lame original `` Amityville Horror '' on the moviegoing public.This flick is n't even scary , just dumb ... like the real convicted murderer 's insipid defense of the appalling slaughter of his own family `` The devil made me do it ! '' If you enjoy screams , howls and sticky stuff oozing out of woodwork then this film is for you . If you want to watch a really scary flick about a family living in a possessed house , rent `` Poltergeist '' instead .
 When Hollywood makes a remake of a movie that was not good in the first place about a story that has in recent years been revealed as a hoax , I should have done a better job convincing my wife to pass this one over on the Blockbuster shelf.ANNOYING is the best word to describe it.As opposed to having any real sense of doom , fear or foreboding the film stoops to using LOUD SUDDEN spikes of music every 20-30 seconds to try and create suspense.The result is ANNOYING ... . much like a neighbor playing his music too loud at a weekend block party.Every 20-30 seconds we seem to get a `` TA-DA '' full orchestrated chordal harmony in either Em-F or G #m - Aregardless of what is happening on the screen.Adding insult to energy is the music is 20X louder than the dialogue so it becomes an ANNOYING film to try and watch.Also . . what is all this hype about `` The mystery has never been solved and explained ? `` It is pretty well established these days that the whole Ammityville House story was a hoax concocted by the family.Several documentaries have already covered this on TV over the years ... . so what 's they big mystery.I normally would not have written this review because I knew better to rent it in the first place ... but the wife insisted and likewise regrets it now .
 Being a fan of both the book and the original AH movie , I was really looking forward to seeing this updating of the original story . -LRB- Which I even believed not to be a hoax for quite a few years -RRB- . With all our technoligical advancements in moviemaking and storytelling I was really ready for the creepy thrill ride that the first movie lacked . Imagine my surprise when I watched this movie-I must repeat my title here-WHAT THE HELL DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH THE AMITYVILLE HORROR ? Other than the opening backstory -LRB- The DeFeo murders -RRB- and the priest blessing the house and getting trounced by a faceful of flies there is not one thing that was in the book ! Jody the pig too silly for modern audiences ? Fine , make her a little girl who never existed ! Harry the dog an inconvenient distraction ? Fine , kill it ! Do n't even get me started on the `` Ketchum '' character or the ridiculousness of the magnetic letters and the driven to brink of insanity babysitter.Couldn ' t they even find a Dutch Colonial house that even remotely resembles the actual AH house ? To say this movie is `` based '' on Jay Anson 's bestseller stretches the definition of based into the realm of near fabrication . Somewhere out there , a great and truly scary movie of `` The Amityville Horror '' is waiting to be made . This certainly is n't it . If you are a fan of the book or original movie take this for what it is-an OK horror movie that has absolutely nothing to do with the Amityville goings-on .
 I was n't sure what to expect with the latest remake to come out of Hollywood with Amityville , but I did hope for a little more than what we got . Ryan Reynolds does a really good job portraying a man being driven insane , and the film does have a few white knuckle scares mixed in , but I was really hoping for a great ghost story . If you ever get a chance , read the novel these films are based on . It is one of the scariest books this side of Steven King , and will truly raise the hairs on the back of your neck . Unfortunately , no one has ever done a really good job translating the scares found in the book to the big screen . I did like the movie , but I do n't know if I would recommend dropping the dough to go and see this in the theater . I do n't think there will be much lost waiting for the DVD release and watching it at home . I think the thing that bothered me most about the movie , was the weak ending . Do n't worry no spoilers ... while the movie moved along at a nice pace , with scares and action all along , the ending just sort of peters out ... there was no final kick in the gut that you kept waiting for ... it just sort of ends . Still I have seen worse ghost stories this year ... `` Ring 2 '' anyone ? ... and for a rainy Saturday , Amityville Horror would do just fine .
 how dare anybody make a movie this awful ?! at first , i was completely astounded that this movie could have even made it to theaters . but then , i sadly realized , that this is the exact kind of tripe that is selling ; this is the stuff that has completely simple-minded , easily convinced and basically stupid people entertained . tell me - why the little girl with white face paint and black drawn-on veins ? did the producers think that we were too ignorant to imagine our own ghost that they had to conveniently provide us with the most generic , trick-or-treater looking , non-scary , seen-it-a-million-times-before image ? one thing that moviemakers should try to remember - NOT ALL OF US ARE COMPLETELY IGNORANT , SIMPLE-MINDED MORONS ! yes , i know , usually films in the horror genre are total no-brainers . but still , anyone who is n't a part of the pretentious art film movement knows that even a genius can enjoy a good old fashioned scary movie.you know , hollywood has completely run out of scary imagery . every monster has already been used in one way or another . sometimes the only way to really put a scare into the audience is to let them concoct the ghost/monster on their own . believe me , i will imagine something absolutely terrifying . when the creating of the ghost is left to the viewer , we usually base its image on our own worst fears . yet , for some reason , movies like this still try to give us the image , assuming that we are too idiotic and unimaginitive to do it on out own . i wo n't even go into the technical inconsistencies of this movie -LRB- score being louder than the dialogue , horribly flawed storyline , predictable `` scares '' , etc. -RRB- and i 'll just say that anybody with a brain would be offended by this ridiculously dumbed-down version of a movie that NEVER should have been remade . anybody with no brain at all will find it thoroughly entertaining and they will probably even jump out of their seats at the spots in the movie where the music gets real loud and the gongs smash and then ... nothing happens . just some loud music and ANOTHER predictable false alarm . wow , scary , right ?! p.s. i did consider giving the movie 5 stars just because ryan reynolds ' smoking body kept me glued to the screen at times , but then i figured i would just watch some porn . so , negative 5 stars , it is !
 I 'd have to say that I enjoyed the Amityville documentary that came on the learning channel the other day way more than I liked this movie . Afterall , there are about six Amityville films out right now , and NONE of them are any good . In fact , the original `` Amityville Horror '' was n't all that spectacular ... So my question is , `` Why make this movie ? What more can Hollywood utilize to try and scare people when everybody already knows the story behind the DeFeo murders and the Amityville hauntings ? `` What 's more , I was hoping that this movie would go back to the supposedly true , unsensationalized story behind the Lutzes and their 28 days of hell in their new Long Island home . Not to mention , the DVD version of this film has some extras with an interview with Mrs. Warren , a well-known psychic investigator who , along with her husband and their parapsychology team , examined the Amityville house back in the 70s . Yet much to my disappointment , the DVD only shows Mrs. Warren babbling on and on about how the Amityville house was the most evil house , sitting on the most evil street , located within the most evil of towns ... Yeah , I think you get the idea . On the other hand , instead of listening to Mrs. Warren prattling on about all the eccentricities she sensed in the Amityville house , the learning channel documentary revealed some of the actual pictures the Warrens took during their investigation . One of the pictures was of a childlike entity with glowing eyes standing by the main staircase . Surprisingly , the child closely resembled one of the murdered DeFeo children.Thus , in my opinion , the ongoing debate as to whether or not the Lutz 's made the whole haunted house bit up , or if the Amityville house is actually inhabited by demons , along with the tortured spirits of the slain DeFeo family is a much more interesting source of entertainment than this B-rated horror remake . Instead of dealing with any hardcore facts , this movie goes straight into all the not-so-spooky haunted house hype from the very moment the Lutzes move in , up until their expected , yet extremely disappointing departure.It 's like I kind of got the sense that the makers were relying too much on digitized special effects to make this remake a hit vs. using a solid plotline or any real suspense . In fact , this film draws on some extra , apocryphal nonsense that not even the original Amityville bothered to use . For instance , the movie plays on a rumor that the Amityville house was built on an old Indian burial ground , and that the Lutz 's basement was used as a sacrificial temple by a colonial-aged witch named J. Katchum.All in all , the acting is n't bad , but it 's evident that any remake has a lot to live up to in order to match , or even to surpass the film it 's based on . Unfortunately , this movie does n't even begin to match the original Amityville . So in the end , I suggest sticking to the first movie , or even trying to catch the Amityville documentary on the learning channel - - both are of a much higher calibur than this arbitrary horror remake .
 Okay , so maybe if you forget that you ever read the book , forget that there was a film made in 1979 , forget all those things and you might get some popcorn munching fun out of this effects cliche ridden mess . But I for one was really hoping the remake would actually try to be a little truer to the original book that was based on `` True Events '' . As it stands the film seems more like a remake of The Shining . Watch the film again with that in mind and you could get a good chuckle . Mr. Torrence , er sorry , Mr. Lutz seems to change overnight from the sweet loveable stepdad that did n't mind being called crappy monkey face by his adorable stepchildren into a homicidal prick that ca n't get enough of chopping wood and showing off his Blade physique . Do n't get me wrong , I am not expecting greatness from a summer horror film , but at least try to avoid using every horror cliche from the past couple years . The Indian torture and the house being built on the site of Indian burials is wholly original , maybe they should have called in a small midget woman instead of the priest to deem the house clean . If the movie going public laps this up , well maybe I am outnumbered . I miss the good horror of the 70 's and 80 's but I guess I will now be standing in line at the multiplex buying tickets for the Omen remake and The Fog remake that will be hitting us soon !!
 The Amityville Horror , to tell you the truth , is a yawner . The movie took a long time to get going and it was very fake . There are some scary parts in it . Such as when the lady gets possesed at the passage to Hell . But , the rest of the movie is a yawner .
 In spite of the terrible cinematography and even worst acting in the original Amityville Horror movie , I would give it a whole star above this one . At least it offers some semblance of the known story . With this film , Hollywood has taken the term `` Based on a True Story '' to a new extreme . The character names are consistant with the book , as is the address and the pumpkin-eye windows . Oh yeah , there is also a boathouse . That is where all comparison or likeness ends . Fans or people interested in the original story , avoid at all costs.With that out of the way , I will look at this as if it were an original screenplay . Except it is n't original at all . It reminded me strongly of The Shining . I jumped once or twice near the beginning , but then the spooks became predictible . By 43 minutes in , I was bored . I spent the next 47 minutes pointing out all of the inconsistencies , which kept me very busy indeed . A new season of American Idol fills me with more fear and dread . Thankfully I rented instead of buying .
 This is a dumb , boring movie . It aint worth 1 star . I expected a great horror movie , but after it started i wanted to sleep . I dont recommend it . Save your money with this and go buy the amytiville collection with 2 and 3
 I just finished watching this newly released movie `` based on true events ??? '' Well , it was worse than I expected . I was expecting a movie similiar to the Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- the new one -RRB- , but that was n't at all what I got . I enjoyed the Chainsaw Massacre but this movie just bugged me . WHY DO N'T THEY GET OUT OF THE HOUSE ???? The acting is good enough , with Ryan Reynolds ' eyes very effective . The rest of the family was fine too . But , this movie first of all was n't scary at all . The director tried way too hard to show scary scenes that were n't at all . Right off the bat , they move into this gigantic house for an insanely low price ... what 's the catch ? Oh , nothing really . . ONLY A WHOLE FAMILY GETTING MURDERED THERE 1 YEAR AGO ! The movie threw nonstop random stuff to make you jump which did n't work for me . On top of it , this family was so stupid ! I mean their IQ must be lower than an infant ! Why do n't they leave ? I mean , that really peeved me of . The movie also was very stupid and just not a good horror movie whatsoever.THere was one very neat scene that was creepy right during the babysitting scene . So that was really pretty cool . But you know , this movie was just a big budget , stupid horror movie like the grudge and the ring . So , really do n't expect much from this movie . . or better yet , do n't watch it.I mean , my expectations were already pretty low but this movie was a lot worse than I expected . Well , horror movies really are dissapointing lately .
 I live in amityville . The whole story about the young guy killing his family is totally real ... but the whole amityville horror is pathetic ! I know for a fact that the house is n't haunted . I 've known the last 2 families that have lived there , both friends of mine , and they say there is no chance that the house is haunted . The house is a beautiful house though , but all thw windows are covered with blinds to keep all the tourists to stop from looking in !
 I ordered this movie but it never came , contacted the seller and they were very rude , will never order from them again , still have to order this one to finish the collection off
 Did Stephen King ever bring a lawsuit against the filmmakers of this stupid piece of garbage -LRB- maybe he felt it was not worth it -RRB- ? This is a Shining ripoff !! A family man moves into an elegant home -LRB- not an elegant hotel in Colorado but hey they could not rip off the Shining in every detail -RRB- , we know that some awful murders were committed in the home , the father begins to lose his mind -LRB- ALL WORK AND NO PLAY huh Jack ? -RRB- , he is good with an ax , one child has an imaginary friend -LRB- Tony I can hear you calling -RRB- , and a third party is brought into the situation -LRB- in the form of priest Rod Steiger -- Also a good Exorcist ripoff , oh Max Von Sydow where are you ??? -RRB- . Do I need go on ? My advice is to avoid this bore and rent or buy the Kubrick masterpiece that is THE SHINING -LRB- Which I gladly give 5 stars !! -RRB-
 This movie is stupid and dull . Not to mention laughable special effects . I have seen more done with less ! I especially hated the way we had to fall back on the marrital relations yet again . And we had to look at that fuzzy faced man . Even the flies were silly ! Did n't Rod Steiger have anything better to do that day !
 what movie were the people watching that give this tripe 5 stars ????? here is a good synopsis for this movie ... . a series of completely unexplained events followed by the end of the movie.i hope you dont waste your time on it . whats even stranger was that they made an equally bad remake of it too .
 The orignal movie was not scary and not overly good , but was more belivable then this . Based on a true story is misleading , as you think some events can not happen , but some events could happen . The movie does have a nice 70 's feel to it , but as it being a true story-highly unlikely . It uses `` remake '' effects to get scares , and that makes it unbearable . Remake effects meaning showing dead bodies in the room with the characters , something that doesnt happen in the orignal . Stuff guys crave to see , and scares there girl friends . I admit Teaxas Chainsaw Massacre from this guy was a little better because you saw Leatherface more , but this movie is limp and should have stuck to the orignal .
 There seems to be a trend in Hollywood now where classic , psychological , intelligent horror films are dumbed down and made rediculus by giving them this big-budget remake treatment . This film lacks the creepy atmosphere of the original and requires no inteligence of the audiance . Rather than build a mood through true film-making techniques , this film relies upon fake looking computer effects to the point there is nothing to be afraid of because we are shown everything . The actors also seem wooden . The producers of this movie clearly wanted to just cash in on a famous story . I wish there were more original film-makers out there . If you 're under 18 and like cheasy , trendy top-40 music and mindless fast paced action movies with no script , then this movie is for you .
 I kept hoping it would get better and it never did . By looking at the box I thought I was going to be scared , so I was sort of hesitant about watching it . Nothing about this movie was scary , in fact it was more like a comedy . I thought that the boy that murdered his family was 20 years old and when you finally see his picture he looked like George 's twin , with a beard and everything.Hahahaha . When George slapped Kathy I was hoping she would pick up something from the mantle and hit him over the head with it , but yet again I was let down . The woman selling the house was the only one with any sense . As soon as she got her money , she ran the hell away from that house.This movie perfectly shows what kind of idiot you would have to be to just sit around and wait for danger.Everytime something happened they just sat around scratching their heads.Please do n't waste your time or your money on this garbage .
 Empirically , this movie -LSB- stinks -RSB- . The book itself turned out to be a hoax , but even still , had the movie simply stuck to the book , it would have been all it was ever meant to be -- scary . But there are so many red herrings , so many scenes where something terrifying turns out to be just a spouse walking into the room or the wind blowing , that impatience soon turns to exasperation . People actually thought this movie was frightening ? Now THAT 'S frightening !
 This movie was n't that scary . It had its moments but was n't that great . I had heard how scary is was but now I know it is n't . This is about a couple and their kids who move into a house that years earlier , had murders commited in it . Their is n't much action and the story is good , but they did n't go far with it . Do n't waist your time with this . If you want a good haunted house story , see THE CHANGELING .
 Bad acting , bad cinematography , bad effects , bad editing , incoherent storyline , completely devoid of anything terrifying , and an anticlimactic ending . What else is there to say . See The Changeling instead if you actually want to be freaked out since this movie is nothing but a freakishly bad waste of time .
 This is one of those amazing films where NOTHING seems to happen . Scene after scene of James Brolin acting rude and obnoxious , then some doors gets locked , cut to Steiger -LRB- a horrible performance -RRB- jawing about having the flu , then repeat . Eventually , the family leaves the house ... that 's it . Boring and relentlessly tepid and unfrightening . It 's become common knowledge that the story is untrue , and this movie actually proves it by showing nothing that could n't be produced by the Lutz 's overactive imaginations , their broken heating systems -LRB- that 's the truth , folks ! -RRB- , and George 's need to get some cash . Three years later , this was practically remade as POLTERGEIST , a haunted house flick that deserves your hard-earned money a lot more than this poverty-row snore . Oh by the way , `` Jodie '' was actually the neighbor 's cat , Evinrude , who liked to climb up trees and look in the windows of adjacent houses .
 I saw this movie for free and I want my money back . The screening I saw was filled with laughter at the trite dialog and `` hand on the shoulder , oh , it 's just my husband '' fake scares . This movie was one of the worst I 've seen this year .
 I 'm not a fan of remaking films - there have been a few decent remakes - but for the most part , the magic of the original is lost . This time is no exception.For months , I 've been hearing and reading about how this remake was n't a `` remake '' at all , but was going to follow the story of the book , rather than the first movie . Boy , was that a lie . Not only did many of the things in this version come from the first -LRB- including dialogue which was hardly changed -RRB- , there were new story lines , new fiction that we 'd never read or seen before . If this was supposed to accurately follow the book , I must have read a different book.There was nothing frightening about this film at all . The creepiness of the original ghost story is no longer there . This time , we have more of a monster/zombie-type flick that is n't the slightest bit jump-worthy . If you were a fan of the original or the book , do n't see this . It 'll upset you and make you wish for your time and money back . If you 've never seen the original or have n't read the book , do yourself a favor and do one of those two things and forget about seeing this waste of time.Definitely one of the worst movies I have seen in a LONG time . Even if this was n't an Amityville remake , there 's no way it 'd stand up to any of the decent horror films out there .
 I never saw the orignial Amityville Horror but I made a big mistake by watching the remake . Basically , a family moves into a haunted house and the father starts to become possesed by evil spirts . The evil spirts then slowly make him turn against his family . For me , the story moved at such a slow pace that by the time anything good happens , your watching the last twenty minutes of the movie . Also , it is obvious that something is wrong with the father way before you reach the climax . Any sane person would of left the house before things became critical . Wait a minute , isnt this supposed to be a horror movie ? Arent ' t horror movies scary ? The scariest thing about this movie was me realizing that I wasted my money on it . A movie that lacks reason , good acting , and pace should be avoided at all costs . However , if you must see this movie wait until it comes on cable . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!!!!!!
 I think Hollywood has ran out of Ideas that is why they keep doing remakes.I have not seen this movie and do not intend to . 1-You can not simply can not compare Texas Chainsaw , The Ring , to this movie I adored the original and that has gone down in History But all this hollywood crap of Horror Movies Really -LRB- ... -RRB- ... 2-I 'm sure this movie is predictable and has the same plot like every other remake a chilling little girl from what I read Phony Digital Gaphics and Untalented Actors . 3-The whole legend of the Amityville is extremely exagerrated . 4-I 'm sure that once it 's release on dvd people who were so thrilled about when it came out will sell there dvd because they realize that it sucks and it 's just like every other stupid modern horror that hollywood comes out with . Amazon will be loaded with and it will sell super cheap because I guarntee that this stupid remake will not go down in history as a Horror Classic ...
 This film was a big hit back in 1979 . Truth be told , it 's one of the most overrated films of all time . First of all , the events in the movie did not happen . That 's ok , most horror is fiction , but the book upon which the movie was based is so much better than this poorly produced flick , you might as well read the book . The only saving grace is the wonderful , creepy score .
 This movie , which did some decent box office when it first came out , is an adaptation of a novel that supposedly recounted the true story of a family terrorized by the restless souls of a family murdered in the house they have just moved into . However , the movie itself was dreadfully dull . I have seen 10 minute long haunted house stories on TV specials that are far more chilling than this slow moving , boring and silly movie . The whole success of the movie depended upon the misleading assertion that it was based upon a true story given that the only reason for watching it was out of curiosity . As it was later revealed , however , the novel , and therefore the movie , are total works of fiction , and rather poor ones at that . This movie is not the type of bad movie a la Ed Wood 's Plan 9 From Outer Space that is fun to watch . It is just miserably bad . You might still want to rent the video to see some of the scenes that have since become popular cliches satarized in other movies and TV shows -LRB- like the bleeding walls -RRB- , but otherwise avoid this one . It will just put you to sleep .
 I like old movies , I really do . I 've enjoyed Hitchcock and many others , from Cape Fear to Jaws to Phantom of the Opera . I 'd expected much more from the Amityville Horror than what I got . It is n't frightening and the length of it succeeds only in making it more boring.The storyline essentially follows a family as they move into a house with a tragic history . Every family member is affected , hearing voices and behaving strangely . The father especially shows signs that the house is `` getting to him '' . It 's a good idea for the story , but the movie takes much too long to get it flowing . The movie could easily have been condensed into an hour-and-a-half long drama without losing anything at all . The priest 's involvement was scary at times , but the pacing was much too slow . The final climax , what should have been the highlight of the film , only satisfied me in that the movie was finally over . It was cheesy and dated . I must admit , that is understandable given its age . Yet I feel that even in the 1970s , the director could have found a more suspenseful tactic than having -LRB- gasp , no ! -RRB- tar appear in the toilets . Although , I will admit , that had me cowering in fear - ha!All right , so I can not rate the Amityville Horror as anything else but a 1 . It was boring , tedious , and I prayed for it to end just so my misery would n't be prolonged . I understand why it 's like this , but understanding does n't make it any better . I 'm sure it was amazing 20 years ago , but today it just seems dated . If you want a scary movie today , rent the new 2005 Amityville Horror version . Much scarier , much more satisfying . I think it 's the first time that they 've ever improved upon the original.Of course , they did n't have to do much .
 `` For God 's Sake , Get Out ! '' was the first tagline for the original Amityville Horror and it very well should have been put for this horrible remake as for what the audience paying to see this movie should be doing as soon as they enter the theater . They should , for God 's sake get out ! If the powers that be of the film company and producers , directors and such put a subtitle , Based On A True Story , then they should at least stick to it . I do n't even think the `` made up '' version of the true story is even , at all frightening . If you know the real story and have read the book , you will , of course be truly disappointed and if you are not very familiar to the story or the book , you will probubly be laughing and asking yourself why you even bothered in the first place . The only things that they got right in this film were the names of George and Kathy Lutz . The house does n't even remotely resemble the real house . I mean the house in this film , looks like it should be haunted ! Wow ! Great production design ! The screenwriter should 've been fired for writing in random things from the story and just throwing them all around and making idiotic things up to try and scare an audiance -LRB- who would actually believe that holy water burns and SIZZLES when it gets sprinkled onto the house -RRB- and the director obviously had no idea that there was a true story that this was based on . I guess he just watched the original Amityville Horror , eh ? The ghost Jody was n't even one of the slain DeFeo 's , in the true story . It was the entity that had projected itself as a harmless animal to the Lutz 's little girl in reality . There were never any ghosts left behind from the slain , Defeo family . The actors are laughable and over the top and even the man who played the priest looks as if he dose n't even want to be in the movie , let alone go back in the house . Every cliche from every haunted house , horror movie is in this film -LRB- and not done well , i must say -RRB- . I can see why the real George Lutz was extremely against the making of this film . If the filmmakers would have been more faithful to the book , it would have been a truly , genuine scary movie . There would have been no reason to make up all this random trash to sell a movie . Maybe someday , some REAL good director and screenwriter can make the real frightening Amityville Horror story , probubly wo n't happen , but I guess I can hope . If i could give this film no stars , I would . `` FOR YOUR OWN SAKE , STAY AWAY FROM THIS FILM !!! ''
 Based on the allegedly non-fiction book -LRB- which has been proved a hoax -RRB- , the Amityville Horror came off as a cheesy Exorcist rip-off back in 1979 , and nothing has changed . James Brolin and Margot Kidder star as a couple who , along with their kids , move into a very , very haunted house , and of course , bad things start happening rather quickly . Rod Steiger appears out of nowhere as a priest who -LRB- of course -RRB- knows what 's going on , and -LRB- of course -RRB- has the best demise in the film . Everything about the Amityville Horror is pure cheese ; from the acting to the effects , with no real sense of horror in sight . Other horror flicks of this type , like Steven Spielberg and Tobe Hooper 's original Poltergeist and Robert Wise 's original Haunting , are much more worth your time . Amityville Horror was cheesy then , and it 's still cheesy now , and the upcoming remake even looks better than this .
 What conceivable reason could there be for making this movie ? We all basically know the story and we all know that the `` true story '' behind it is bogus . Moreover , the movie is n't all that long -- about 80 minutes not including the credits . This is basically enough to skim through the story without any real depth or development . The acting is fairly mediocre -- the babysitter being the exception -- and ca n't say much for the dialogue either . In the end , not all that frightening , and not really worth the time .
 -LRB- I give the film 21/2 STARS -RRB- We live in the A.D.D. generation . In which movies are now made to be much shorter , especially horror films , because people do n't want to sit through movie longer than 1 hour and 20 minutes , the result is less or no character development and no suspense , just either quick shocks -LRB- like the lame cat jumping-out-of-nowhere gag -RRB- , gratuitous gore , unnessicary sex/nudity , or sometimes all three.The film does highly succeeds in the visual department , the slick , somewhat grainy , and very dark look of the film sets the mood of a story about a house with secrets.The film fails in creating suspense , it 's almost as if it really does n't even try . We actaully see a ghost within moments after the Lutzes move in . -LRB- Did n't ` Jaws ' teach filmakers anything ? -RRB- The second place it fails is the casting . Melissa George is a fine actress , but is too young to play Kathy -LRB- the actress is 29 -RRB- she would 've had to have gave birth to her oldest son as a very young teenager . I also had a difficult time accepting Ryan Reynolds as George , a man descending into murderous insanity , he is particularly is n't convincing in a scene where he fights with his oldest stepson and his wife , after the babysitter is attcked and taken off to the hospital . -LRB- He is good , although in a scene in the kitchen where Kathy tries to persuade them to leave the house . -RRB- The film also generally has no character development , besides the tired old , ` oldest son having diffculty accepting new stepdad into family . ' Kathy even spews the ciche line
 In the three-plus decades since its 1979 theatrical release , `` The Amityville Horror '' has lost its original edge . Time , coupled with the improved special effects and film techniques displayed in subsequent horror films , has not been kind to this pedantic fright-fest , which was , inexplicably , a huge hit in its day . Audiences at the time were attracted to the film because it was allegedly based on a `` true story '' which had been the subject of a best-selling novel ... I wonder how many movie-goers noticed the disclaimer at the end of the credits noting that some characters and incidents had been altered `` for dramatic effect '' ? -LRB- So much for its `` docudrama '' credentials ! -RRB- Certainly the film 's plot was already a clich&eacute; in 1979 , and is still one today . It 's Basic Horror Script # 13 , the one in which family moves into a house that is haunted by satanic forces because of the evil events that took place within its walls in the past . And of course the family is too stupidly stubborn to move out when things `` go wrong '' ... in this instance , the Lutzes find out that their basement is a Passage to Hell , and still they stay!I 'd like to be able to report that the cast does their best with the material , but in truth , only James Brolin as the patriarch of the family builds much of a character - and even he -LRB- as he admits in an interview included on the DVD -RRB- sometimes goes way over the top . Margot Kidder is defeated by her costumes and hairstyles - she 's supposed to be the mother of three children , but in her girls ' boarding school uniforms and her pigtails , she comes off as an overgrown -LRB- and annoying -RRB- Lolita . Rod Steiger as the family 's priest is the absolute worst
 Lots of horror movies are b or c or even d movies so I give them breaks on their badness and even give them there own star system . After all I ca n't compare a low budget horror flick to any A movies . This being a A movie is a example of how to remake another great horror classic and just do everything wrong . The dog scene was added for shock value and the poor man who actually lived this story the late ` george lutz ' was deeply hurt by it . He never killed his dog and that 's just one of many ways the movie tries to be hip and modern and shallow . It 's poorly done for a A movie , it ca n't even tell a straight story , so it has no excuse for the shlockfest it is . Avoid this movie and watch the original which has great acting and class . Wether you believe the haunting actually happened ; the story is a great ghost story , perhaps the 20th centuries greatest and the first movie did it justice this one is almost as bad as the ` wicker man ` remake or the even worse ` black x-mas ' which was a terrible A movie disaster remake of a good b movie ` black christmas ' . Anyways at least I saw this on blu ray which had great color and looks far better than the standard dvd but that 's all it has going for it .
 Back in the 70s when I was a kid , I devoured horror books and movies . I remember reading Jay Anson 's `` true '' book on the Amityville haunting and being totally freaked out . So when the original movie hit theaters , I had to see it . I cajoled my older brother into taking me to a late night showing . I was so scared that I kept my feet off the theater floor for the entire show , and I did n't sleep much that week . I believe that Stephen King wrote that he sensed genuine fear in audiences who caught the first `` Amityville Horror . `` Too bad the remake does n't live up to its predecessor . Of course , the basic plot is the same . In the mid-1970s , the Lutz family moves into a huge house that would normally be out of their price range . It does n't take them long to find out why they got such a good deal . Seems a young man brutally murdered his parents and four younger siblings there the year before . And they ai n't resting in peace . Supernatural hijinks ensue , and the Lutz 's end up fighting for their lives.The cast is OK -LRB- except for the ineffectual priest who 's facial expression never seems to change no matter what happens -RRB- . However , this movie fails on a number of levels . For one , it 's a pointless remake . It would take a lot to top the original , which had superior actors and relied on old-fashioned scares . Speaking of the fear factor -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , this time around the producers decided to throw subtlety out the door . Why do some `` horror '' directors think fast , twitchy movements and over-the-top CGI effects are scary ? Finally , they were n't content to violate one previous horror film . They must 've figured that adding elements of `` The Shining '' and `` Poltergeist II '' would amp things up to the next level . Or not , as it turns out.The result
 We are having a good remake season in this days , we have good remakes like King Kong , Dawn of the Dead and bad remakes like When Strangers Calls and The Hills Have Eyes , all the movie is boring , a finally sure cure for the insomnia.The acting was cold , none of these actors gon na makes any diference in hollywood , Ryan Reynolds only beacuse is pretty face for the womans he thinks his acting is better than a solid like Al Pacino , Jake Gyllenhaal -LRB- a new solid young actor -RRB- or Joaquin Phoenix , he looks more like a retard dude who only take-off his shirt , what you can except from a actor who his best job is Blade : Trinity , Ryan you are an awful actor and need some acting lessons too , Melissa George at least did a decent role but she sadly ca n't save the movie , i do n't why Micheal Bay has to waste his time and money producing popcorn movies like this.The story had a lot potenciall but the vision of the director was wrong and the story is going to the nowhere and without sense -LRB- the original has a better chacter and story deveploment -RRB- , the scary scenes ohh common are so chessy i laughed with those `` Scary '' scenes , the only frighting scene is the end titles and the most suprisly thing the film grossed more than 60 millions wow you can make bad movies and make a suseful record.Overall a weak remake that make me to turn on my DVD and put Senfield season one , the movie is direct offend to the original movie , a totally supreme dissapointment better luck next time -LRB- obviously `` Wicker Man '' gon na be a better remake than this trash -RRB- . Acting 1.5 / 10Direction 3/10Visuals 4/10Story 5/10Overall 2/10
 is realizing 90 minutes of your life has passed without a moment 's entertainment . I 'm astounded that some reviewers gave this numerous stars . As a horror buff , this is one of the worst films I 've encountered . Scary ? Nope . So bad it 's good ? Nope . Just plain bad . Why ca n't modern directors create mood anymore ? While production values are strong -- with some fine camera work -- this mess is n't in the least bit involving . The priest is little more than a cameo , the ending is lame , and while I did n't expect the walls to run blood like in the original , there was nothing comparable . Worst part ? Killing the dog . If only the whole family had met a similar end ...
 ** possible spoilers ahead ** By `` borer '' I mean that it will bore you to death before it horrifies you . It 's a shame too , I actually liked the remake of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre that was done by Michael Bay 's Platinum Dunes company . I was hoping that this would be similar , but the only similarity is that they are both remakes of horror movies from the 70 's . To be fair , it 's not like the original Amityville Horror was anything great . It , like the remake , borrowed heavily from other successful ghost stories of the time to try and capitalize on some of their success . No one will ever be able to convince me that George Lutz carrying around an axe in the original was not a direct rip-off of Stephen King 's crochet mallet wielding villain in The Shining . I know , the film version of The Shining came out a year after the original Amityville Horror , but Stephen King wrote the novel of the Shining several years before the Amityville Horror book was written -LRB- or should I say plagiarized ? -RRB- In the same fashion , this remake borrows heavily from the ghost stories that seem to be successful right now . Namely , the J-horror aesthetic of the little girl ghost . It worked in the Ring , and it worked in the Grudge , so it will work in Amityville Horror , right ? Well , to be blunt ... no . It did n't work . In fact , it felt like the blatant rip-off that it was.But like I said , the original film borrowed from other ghost stories of the period , so does the remake . That 's not the worst part of this movie , and that 's not why I hate this movie so much.Where this movie goes wrong is that absolutely nothing happens until the last ten minutes of the film . The original had the same problem , but you 'd hope that we would learn something in 25 years . No such luck . The main scares in the first hour of the movie are
 So Sad ... So Sad!All the possibilities that exist with modern technology and special effects and this is what we get.Basic storyline ... house with a morbid history retains evil and transmits it to its occupants . Excuse me , that was the original . This one is ... mediocre special efforts and MTV camera style combined with bad acting make millions off of the original 's reputation!Although the original effort was somewhat lame , it managed to stay true to the book . The actors were credible , the storyline managed to grow and grab , and the climax was intense.However , in this version , the actors seem to be wondering what their next movie job will be , the storyline stays mundane , and the climax is only a continuation of boredom.I 'm curious as to the decisions made to eliminate the seance scene ? This scene -LRB- in the original -RRB- brought forth a true feeling of evil in the home as witnessed by others , instead of just a family going bonkers . Also , why was the priest 's role minimized and used only as a last minute , `` Oops , did n't we forget something ? '' I guess the `` Good Vs. Evil '' building concept is hard to understand by current day directors.No , this version , was made with the feeling that `` the audience already knows the story , so let 's just give them some special effects and another B grade movie ! '' I imagine a studio executive was watching late night television on cable and said , `` Hey , I bet I could get a raise by remaking this movie cheap and marketing it as a quality film . `` So Sad ... So Sad !
 The film starts out well enough , but alas it goes no where . In the end , nothing happens . Frankly the Simpson 's Halloween special parody of this film is better than the original ... which leads to the next point , there is very little in this which is original - much of it is taken straight out of other horror films that were made shortly before it . A few moments are lifted as is intact ... Plot holes abound ... things are introduced which are never resolved , characters are brought in who ultimately serve no purpose ... thoroughly disappointing.The title `` The Amityville Horror '' is self referential in a quite unintentional way.The dvd transfer is nice enough though should you actually wish to watch it .
 A remake to the 1979 horror film The Amityville Horror , and based on the true events of a 28-day stay in a haunted house and the best seller of the same name ; in this day and age , a house just is n't scary enough . So the writer 's of this remake add a torture chamber in the basement , and quick-cuts of gruesome tortured souls to add spice and horror to this very overdone classic tale of suburbia gone awry . To date , nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- Amityville tales of horror have been told on film since 1979 , each worst than the one prior , and I have to admit ; that this remake does not break with tradition ... In this go around , Ryan Reynolds and Melissa George star as George and Kathy Lutz ; a middle class couple who find the house of their dreams amid the country side in the quiet town of Amityville , New York , a peaceful enclave on Long Island 's south shore . Unbeknownst to our happy couple , that almost one year prior to the date of purchase , Ronald DeFeo , Jr. had committed mass murder of his parents and family in the very same house . Citing demon possession , DeFeo claimed the house was haunted . After twenty-eight days of residing in the house , George and Kathy Lutz fled their Amityville dream home for the very same reason.The funny thing about this film is that 26 years after the fact ; it turns out that the whole kit-and-caboodle was a scam orchestrated by George Lutz to merely get out from under a mortgage that he could n't afford . So why not tell that story ? A story so grand that it took a national by surprised , and spawn 9 theatrical sequels . Oh well , who am I to suggest something so devious , and unquestionably dishonest ? Just a thought ... This film is hardly worth noting , it fails on both fronts ; it 's not scary , nor is it a documentary to the events which occurred . Its Hollywood fluff for the fast buck , so we 're probably in store for a tenth serial in the near future depending on boxoffice receipts and DVD rentals.http : / / farisreel.com
 re-make of the not so great original has The Lutz Family , husband George Lutz played by Ryan Reynolds -LRB- Blade
 Even as an early 80 's late 70 's movie , this movie is still a very sub par film because it lackes the fear and scare scenes that a lot of this era 's movies dish out . Furthermore , many of the characters you only know because they happen to be seen in a few scenes . Other than that you do n't get a spooky atmosphere or feel empathy for any of the characters . Poorly acted and directed .
 This movie is soo humm ... what can I said ? When I watched them , it does nto make any sense at all . I have a lot of questions that are unanswered . I am sorry to say that but they are not what you think they are . The house is about to blow up ? YEA RIGHT ! This movie not soo thrilled at all and it left us wondered if that s true ? Tell you what ? They are totally hoax !
 The Amityville Horror is torture to watch . It is soooo boring and the acting is so lame that I almost puked . The `` scares '' are few and far between and when there is a `` scary '' part - it 's boring ! The special effects are really cheesy as well . The whole ending is ridiculous with the man saving his dog and all that . Do not rent this film , buy it or watch it if it comes on T.V.
 Lately , there have been a lot of PG-13 rated horror movies , most of which have drawn critical and public lambasting . BOOGEYMAN , CURSED , THE GRUDGE , WHITE NOISE , even RING 2 . One criticism often leveled by the public is that the `` whimpy '' PG-13 rating is causing the filmmakers to soften the horror of the movies . Well , this weekend saw the arrival of an R-rated horror movie , THE AMITYVILLE HORROR , and it pretty much proves one thing ... the R-rating IS N'T what these other movies were lacking to be good.AMITYVILLE is a lousy movie , pure and simple . I 'm old enough to remember the original phenomenon . The Lutz family buys a house for a great price because the previous residents had been horrifically murdered in it . 28 days later , the Lutz 's run from the house in horror because they nearly suffered the same fate . Soon , a `` non-fiction '' novel of their story came out . The Lutz 's made the rounds of less picky talk shows and basically , a huge urban legend sprung up . Their story was TRUE !! -LRB- Of course , it was all a hoax , but who cares about that ! -RRB- . Then a movie came out , and everyone was all in an uproar over the walls that bled ! Cool !!! But the movie , with James Brolin and Margot Kidder was schlock then and it 's certainly dreadful now.Then here comes a remake that does n't even bring the zeitgeist of the original with it . We take it as pure fiction right from the get-go , despite the title card stating `` Based on a True Story . '' Yep , it truly is a story alright.The thrills are predictable in the extreme . Most of them are heralded with a burst of loud music . Over and over . Now , I will grant you that horror movies have been doing this for years ... but this movie makes the most of the device . It accompanies EVERYTHING that might be even remotely creepy . LOUD NOISE = HUGE THRILL !!! Right ?? Wrong . In one scene , the father -LRB- played by a bushy faced Ryan Reynolds ... designed to make him look like the bearded James Brolin from the original -RRB- is watching some home movies . He smiles . Suddenly , one of the kids ' faces briefly turns demonic , right on the film . LOUD , LOUD BLAST OF SOUND !! I just about had to laugh . This was n't scary at all . The kid was n't going to come out of the film and attack the father . It was just a weird little thing that would have been more effective with quiet music or none at all . But no , why be subtle when a SLEDGEHAMMER OF SOUND is readily available . Thus , the movie renders all its thrills equal . There 's really no sense of climax . Right near the end , something horrible happens to a major character , and we actually think , `` Cool , the movie is daring enough to surprise us in this way . '' Nope , it was just a dream.Also horrific is the fact that the wonderfully talented Philip Baker Hall -LRB- Boogie Nights -RRB- plays the local priest as though a gun were being held to his head . I assume he got a nice paycheck , or maybe did it on a bet or a dare , but he sure looks unhappy to be in this film.I give the film 2 stars , because I reserve 1 star reviews for the true dregs of the earth like FEAR DOT COM or THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES . But this movie is just clumsy , unexciting and UNTHRILLING . As for the R rating ? Well , one `` F '' bomb is dropped , and there are some disturbing images when we discover what REALLY happened on the land the house was built on . Mind you , I said disturbing . But not scary . So , I do n't recommend the movie for kids ... or anyone else , for that matter !
 The Amityville Horror is another example of how Hollywood is running out of ideas . Producers must now resort to remaking old movies , bad ones at that , and try to pass it off as new and innovative . The Amityville Horror is about a family that moves into a beautiful , not to mention astonishingly cheap , lakeside house . Little do they know , the house is haunted by the previous owners , who were incidentally slaughtered by a member of their own family . The Lutz family consists of the mother , Kathy , the stepfather , George , and the three children , Billy , Michael , and Chelsea . Almost immediately , strange things begin to happen . The daughter talks to an `` imaginary friend . '' Magnets on the fridge spell out cryptic messages . Blood pours out of a faucet . Creepy ? A little . But the writing is so incredibly bad that I found myself laughing out loud instead of shrieking in horror . The writer attempts to occupy too many different horror cliches into one movie -LRB- i.e. exorcisms , dead children as ghosts , burial grounds , dogs acting funny -RRB- . I suppose he figured if he took at least one element from every recent box-office horror film success , that he too will be able to make an obscene amount of money -LRB- the sad thing is , he is right -RRB- . There is no depth to any of the characters , despite a few lame attempts with George and his stepchildren . The movie seems to casually ignore the obvious looming questions , `` WHY DO N'T YOU JUST LEAVE ?! '' One would think that if blood starts to pour out of a faucet that one would want to LEAVE the house . The plot is simply not logical . Furthermore , the movie overuses the effect of music . EVERY scene has some sort of music playing in the background , which becomes extremely distracting . I probably would have been more scared if it were dead silence , but then again I would be forced to listen to the cheesy dialogue . Maybe the music is n't so bad , on second thought . It follows the wonderful -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- Michael Bay tradition of masking horrible writing with split second cuts , attractive actors , and good special effects . However , the movie does accomplish its goals , which is why I gave it two stars instead of one . It will , in fact , get the cheap screams from people that are n't looking for depth of characters or good writing . It also does have some pretty impressive special effects , as seen in the closet/babysitter scene . The acting from the young children -LRB- particularly Chloe Grace Moretz -RRB- is also suprisingly good despite the horrendous script . Overall , if you 're looking for a few cheap scares then Amityville Horror will get the job done , but do n't expect to leave with a higher IQ .
 This DVD smells and looks like they going after while down the road comes out with double disk or UNRATED CUT , OR EXTENDED CUT or so on !! for sure !! Like they did that with most others DVDS and suck up more money from us twice , In same titles , for example ... `` THE GRUDGE '' , `` SAW '' , And most others , I 'm going to wait and buy the real DVD Later on for my collection !! Guess i skip this DVD version !!! If u really wants to see it , just rent it for now ! do not buy !! I Guess better be safe then sorry !
 I never thought I 'd hear myself saying this but , the original Amityville Horror from American International Pictures is actually a much better film . This reimagining is so altered that it has nothing to do with the original true story by Jay Anson -LRB- which is way better than both films combined -RRB- . This movie was absolute torture to sit through , suspensless amatureish direction , laughable canned dialogue , annoying manipulative musical score , cliches , cliches , cliches and more cliches until you just want to bash your head against a wall . Not a scary moment to be found in this Hollywood clunker . Do yourself a favor and rent ` The Innocents ' or ` Poltergeist ' if you want a superior haunted house thriller .
 re-make of the not so great original has The Lutz Family , husband George Lutz played by Ryan Reynolds -LRB- Blade
 No this is not based on a true story . The Lutzes made up everything and if you do some research , you 'll find that many facts are incorrect . -LRB- I.E. They 're was no huge snowstorm that year , and the Lutzes never called the police to look around -RRB- Under oath in the court of law , George Lutz admited the story was MADE UP by Jay Anson . It is not true .
 -LSB- Note
 The new remake of `` The Amityville Horror '' plays very much like the other recent cheap hollywood flops such as `` The Boogyman '' & Wes Craven 's `` Cursed '' they all start off great & then belly flop into unbearable cheese . Alot like `` The Boogyman '' Amityville has plenty going for it & then it just craps out in the end . The original is better even without all the new special efx ! Imagine what it would 've looked like if they did have the same technology back then !
 I like horror flicks . So I was looking forward to seeing the remake of `` The Amityville Horror . '' It 's a pretty simple formula
 From director turned producer Michael Bay , who produced New Line Cinema 's 2003 remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre , comes this floundering remake of 1979 's Amityville Horror . Wasting no time in getting to the shocks and disregarding any logic whatsoever , the film shows George -LRB- Ryan Reynolds -RRB- and Kathy Lutz -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- , along with Kathy 's three children from her recently deceased ex-husband , move into an infamous house where grisly murders occured not even a year before . After that , the viewer is slammed with quick edits , distorted faces , demonic voices , and disorienting camera angles , with no pity given to Ryan Reynolds ' character at all as he wastes no time going insane and hunting down his family . While many wo n't agree , this remake is actually better than the original , but then again the original was n't that good to begin with . Based on the supposed true story , the Amityville Horror is worth a look for horror buffs , and with all the PG-13 rated horror movies to be released as of late it 's nice to see a new horror film with some blood and gore , but do n't expect anything special out of it at all .
 I was really looking foward to this movie . I like the original -LRB- I 'm not obsessed with it or anything , I just like it -RRB- , and this movie is Barney compared to the original . It had a bunch of dumb scares . It was one of those movies that tries so hard to scare you but just falls flat . I could n't help but roll my eyes at all of the stupid scenes . I jumped a few times , but after a while , it was just to predictable . AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ORIGINAL SCORE ??!! The original score is one of the best things about the movie . It was so creepy . And the fly scene in the original , which was very well done and scared me , was transformed into a dumb CGI laugh-fest . Everything about this movie sucks . `` That movie was hilarious '' came from some guy standing behind me , and though I never think a horror movie is funny , just stupid and boring , I could see where he was coming from . So as it turns out , this is just another remake of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre or whatever with the dumb loud banging sounds for a score -LRB- I swear to god this had the exact same score as the remake of TCM , and other new movies coming out like the ring , blah blah blah -RRB- and unnecessary drama and dumb `` trying to hard '' scares that will leave you hoping the director would just drop dead . Avoid this movie , its pretty dumb.Reccommended
 THE AMITYVILLE HORROR -LRB- USA - 2005 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 In 1975 , George and Kathy Lutz and her three children from a previous marriage moved into the home of their dreams on 112 Ocean Avenue . 28 days after moving in , they fled for their lives . Those are the bare bone facts of the true story that this movie is based on -LRB- by the way I personally believe the things that the Lutz 's described actually occurred . -RRB- I have seen the 1979 version several times , and found it to be an extremely haunting , truly scary movie that sticks with you . When I heard about this movie , I really expected to see a great remake of a classic film . What I got though was a little different . While the 2005 edition is very entertaining , it does not live up to the first movie and is not as good as I expected for many reasons . The biggest reason is that this movie does not present the events as they were described by George and Kathy Lutz , as the original does . Most of this movie seems like it was thrown together to get a few scares and screams from moviegoers with no interest in what supposedly really occurred in that house . If this movie was just a fictional tale that was completely made up I would have liked it more I believe . But this remake was obviously not based on the book or the original movie with James Brolin and Margot Kidder . Bottom line
 There is a lot of controversy surrounding the truthfulness of this supposed `` true story '' . While a horrible crime did happen here , what is presented in this movie , and the book , seems to be , or what many believe to be , a complete and total hoax . On November 13 , 1974 , 23 year old Ronald DeFeo Jr. , took a shotgun and murdered his entire family . His parents , both 43 years old , and his four siblings . Two sisters , 18 and 13 , and two little brothers , 12 and 9 . He later said that he heard `` voices '' telling him to do it and that many were trying to make the people believe that he was possessed -LRB- which would figure into the story for the sequel -RRB- , and was just a convenient excuse for his case . George and Kathy Lutz -LRB- here played by James Brolin and Margot Kidder -RRB- , moved into the house at 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville , N.Y. , with her 3 kids , and after 28 days -LRB- although they originally said they were there for 10 days , which already makes you doubt their story -RRB- , they moved out saying that the place was haunted and strange things happened . Things like weird smells , opening and shutting windows , glowing eyed pigs that levitated , a demonic pit in the basement , slime and blood from the walls , an abundance of flies , and urges to re-enact the DeFeo murders . George also seems to become possessed by the house 's demonic spirit . While the publicity afterwards seemed to totally reak of `` hoax '' , it has never actually been proven . Although , if you know the story and the details , you would never believe that any of this was ever true . It has been stated that the family moved in with a relative because of feeling unhappy living in the house , and this so called relative suggested that they exaggerate their `` feelings '' into a good ghost story . Right there tells you that this was nothing more than a grand hoax to fool the world , and it apparently worked . It was something made for a good ghost story , and it turned out that way . Some people , because of the scam factor of the `` haunted '' story , thought that the real murders were fake as well . That nothing ever happened at this house . The murders were real . The DeFeo 's were real . The movie itself is quite in-effective , and is never as ghostly or scary as it tries to be . The book it 's based on is much creepier and more worth your time than this movie , if you are interested in the story at all . The acting is mediocre , with Brolin hamming it up , and Kidder just going through the motions . Rod Steiger also appears as a priest here , and it 's a pretty one dimensional role . The effects are pretty cheesy and cheap looking , and the so called `` scares '' offer very little in that regard . There is an undeniable creep factor to it thanks to the scary windows and the decent musical score , but that is about it . It is a rather uneventful movie and it moves like molasses . What would be interesting is to have an actual movie about the real `` Amityville Horror '' . The life of the DeFeo 's and what brought Ronald Jr. to that fateful early morning on November 13,1974 to murder his entire family . They tried doing that in the sequel a few years later , but that too was not the DeFeo family and it incorporated the hauntings of this movie into that one as well . While the film does n't hold up well at all , the only other unfortunate thing to come out of this besides the horrible murders of the DeFeo family , is the curse that George and Kathy Lutz have put upon the small , idyllic town of Amityville . To this day , 30 years later , there are still people bugging the citizens of the town over the story . Where to find the house . People who may or may not believe the story , but are there anyway . It will probably continue for as long as the house is standing . The whole story is great for a good book and an interesting ghost tale , but it did not translate well to film , and this movie is one that should of been left alone to the imaginations of the book 's readers .
 I know people are tired of hearing how remakes are bad and originals are best , but in most cases it 's true I was not effected by the 2005 version at all , sure Ryan Reynolds is fun to look at , and the acting in the film was great , but the story changes , and the ambiance through out the film was not as creepy as the older 1979 version , in fact I was so bored half way through that I nearly lost track of what was happening , by the way I watched the film on cable uncut and commercial free so I was able to view this snooser in it 's full non glory lol , just did n't like it at all just have to be honestI still feel that the 1979 version starring Margot Kidder and James Brolin is best out of all other Amityville films made so far . Well on a good note the the newest version is in wide-screen format and it 's a special edition and also in blu-ray format so that 's a plus for those of you who enjoyed this version . thanks for reading my opinion .
 Family moves into a haunted house -LRB- or house with a demon portal -RRB- supposedly based on a true story , which was later proven to be a hoax.I 'd like to start off by saying that when I heard they were remaking the Amityville Horror , I was ecstatic !! I could n't wait to see it . Do n't get me wrong I enjoyed the original , but it was slow moving and they did n't quite capture the horror that these people supposedly experienced . I thought with an updated script and better special effects this remake was going to kick butt!Unfortunately the remake was a big disappointment . Not only did they skim over the terrors , but they twisted and hollywood-ized the plot . They added a vengeful murderous minister in the basement and ghosts of his tortured victims . That part was kind of cool , but it just was n't the Amityville story . The Amityville story itself is a timeless pleasure - please do n't try to make it better.On the upside Ryan Reynolds was a surprisingly good George Lutz and there were a few chills and thrills . If they had given the movie a different title and added a disclaimer of `` loosely based on the Amityville Horror '' I would have given it a much better review .
 Pure trash that has absolutely nothing to do with the original movie , or the book , let alone what the Lutz family actually claimed happened in the house . Andrew Douglas took one of America 's most pervasive haunted house stories , and a cult classic , and turned it into a cheesy daddy-goes-crazy slasher.Furthermore , it 's an assault on George Lutz ' character , accusing him of everything from hacking his dog to pieces to trying to murder his family.Seems kind of strange to make a movie about an -LRB- at the time -RRB- living family and deny the family access to the movie until its release , does n't it ?
 My husband and I LOVED the original Amityville and were SO disappointed by this remake . With the special effects we have nowadays I thought this movie would have been great , I was wrong . It was pure Hollywood garbage .
 First , I 'd like to claim that I 've been a fan of the original 1979 , `` The Amityville Horror '' . It is truly one of the most terrifying -LSB- and scariest -RSB- ghost stories you will ever see ! Despite the obvious limitations to low budget filming , it does surprisingly deliver that nightmarish atmosphere that keeps you scared all the way to the unforgettable climatic ending ! Hoax or not , it proved to be quite popular with the public upon release , considering the fact that it 's actually based off the bestselling novel by Jay Anson . Additionally , a fair amount of it even stays true to Anson 's version of the Lutz family and the shocking 28 days , which they experienced in the old Long Island estate.If you asked me , I 'd tell you that I must 've watched it more than five times by now and it still never fails to scare the absolute crap out of me ! What 's more , I WAS truly looking forward to the remake like many and my hopes were set high ! After all , I enjoyed `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' remake and I love it just as much as the original . Unfortunately , this was n't the same for ` Amityville ' ! Directed by Andrew Douglas and produced by Michael Bay -LRB- who also took part in the TCM remake -RRB- , this is one of those remakes that leave you wondering , `` Why did they have to do that ? It was fine just the way it was ! `` The storyline has been changed drastically -LRB- aside from the Lutz family moving into the house and experiencing strange events taking place -RRB- and the acting is nothing more but cardboard . Ryan Reynolds and Melissa George simply can not replace James Brolin and Margot Kidder as Kathy and George Lutz . In the 1979 version , we were given powerful and dramatic performances that actually had us feel sympathy for the characters . Sadly , this is n't so the second time through and you really could n't care either way whether the characters live or die . Also , why spoil all the fun by revealing Jodie 's character ? In the original , we never get to see what Jodie looks like , but this method proves to be A LOT more effective and suspenseful than the ghost of some dead little girl.Furthermore , we hardly even get to know THIS Lutz family due to the fact that the 28 days shift by so quick through the VERY short 90 minutes ! For example , we only get to see maybe one or two days that they go through until the film skips all the way to Day 28 ! So where 's the character development ? Not quite there . Again , you ca n't really feel much sympathy for the characters here . Finally , the , usage of CGI effects were just terrible ! Personally , I believe that CGI should NOT belong in a horror movie because it takes away the scary atmosphere and ruins the realism ! -LRB- Can anybody say , `` White Noise '' or `` Ring Two '' ? -RRB- It may not be as overdone , but it is still noticeable and it should n't be there PERIOD!Luckily , I did n't have to pay a dime when I went to go see the premiere of this in Seattle , considering the fact that a fellow classmate of mine had offered a bunch of us free spare tickets that she 'd gotten in order for everyone to go . I 'm most thankful and I know for a fact now that I 'm sticking with the original 1979 version , which is the BEST and ONLY version that you should look into ! Hollywood has been known to take other great classics -LRB- e.g. George A. Romero 's , `` Dawn of the Dead '' -RRB- and hack 'em up to shreds ! They 'd better stay away from Tobe Hooper 's and Steven Spielberg 's , `` Poltergeist '' because it 's one of those genuine horror masterpieces that do NOT need a remake ! If they want to restore , some deleted scenes fine . Otherwise , LEAVE IT ALONE ! Bottom line
 I went to see this horrible movie with my father and I was dissapointed . How can people in the movie world get away with making such trash ? I guess the real question is
 The Amityville Horror , 1979 filmA mother , father , and children were murdered in 1974 for no apparent motive . A year later a new family inspects this house . The price is a bargain . The saleswoman tells about the rooms in this house . -LSB- The $ 80,000 price dates this film . -RSB- Does the murder mean anything ? They take it . A priest knocks on the door and enters . -LSB- Unlocked front door ! -RSB- He hears noises . Flies are at the window pane . A door opens . `` Get out ! '' Father Delaney calls Kathy but drops the phone . A bad connection ? `` Its cold in here . '' Is the house well-insulated ? A boy slips on the stairs . George chops wood , then picks up the groceries . Little Amy tells about her friend Jody . Kathy call Father Delaney , he was to bless the house.Flushing the toilet causes an overflow of black water ! A visiting nun does n't feel well and leaves . At night the fire went out . Kathy has a nightmare while sleeping . Something happens to the priest 's car on the road ! George does n't feel well . Somehow $ 1,500 in cash disappeared from a jacket ! The babysitter is locked in a closet , Amy is gone . Kathy and George go to the reception , then return home . Jody would n't let Amy open the unlocked closet door . We hear about the financial concerns of George . A window closes on a boy 's hands ! No bones broken . They hear the buzzing of flies by an open window . The front door pops open without a cause . The police are called to the Lutz home . They have questions . Amy talks about Jody . George visited the Town Hall and the library . Kathy sees something outside the window . Their house was built on a witch 's land ! Do they need a night out ? One woman tells about the Shinnacock Indian and their use of this land.Is there something behind that brick wall ? There is a room there . `` The passage to hell ! '' A phone rings , there is no one on the line . What can they do ? Someone turned a cross upside down . They hear noise in the early morning . There is thunder and lightning . Kathy has a nightmare . So does George . Should they move away ? George is violent towards Kathy ! She looks for Father Delaney , but he has gone away . Father Boylan visits him . The police sergeant asks about Father Delaney . Kathy does research at a newspaper . She recognizes a face in the newspaper ! George returns to the house with his double-bit axe . There are strange actions . Blood drips down the stairs ! The glass windows break inwards . There are screams . The drive away in the van . Where is their dog ? The floor collapses ! The dog attacks George at first . The van leaves , they never went back to this house.This is an interesting psychological horror film for those who believe in what they say . The threats are imagined or rigged . If you are a skeptic it seems like an oddball comedy without a laugh track . Was this inspired by the murder of the John List family ? You may know of a local house where someone died violently yet there is no spooky reputation . You ca n't depend on newspapers that censor these deaths in some cases . -LSB- Was this the inspiration for the `` Blair Witch Project '' ? -RSB- The house where the Borden 's were murdered has been in use for 120 years without any ghostly apparitions .
 I 've read the book by Jay Anson as compiled by the alleged account by George and Kathy Lutz and I 've also watched the movie starring James Brolin and Margot Kidder . Though based on a `` true '' story about the alleged haunted house on Long Island 's south shore some 35 miles east of New York City , the only horror the Lutzes faced , were not ghosts and goblins or any possessive evil spirit during their 28 days of `` terror '' , they were financial ones . George could not keep up with the burden of Amityville 's taxes and the mortgage he had to pay on the house , which drained him physically that led to frustration and anger moods that affected the entire family . The story was fabricated by the Lutzes in order to sell a story for a financial gain.Three different families resided at the home prior to the DeFeos , and reading the history of the house , it was a dream home built by a couple , John and Catherine Moynahan , back in 1925 who resided there until they died . Their daughter , Eileen Fitzgerald , moved in with her family until she sold the home to a John and Mary Riley in 1960 . The Rileys had marriage problems , divorced and sold the house to the DeFeo family in 1965 where they lived nine years until 23 year-old Ronnie `` Butch '' DeFeo murdered his family on the early morning hours of November 14 , 1974 . This was the only real horror to occur in the normally peaceful Amityville.Butch DeFeo claimed he heard voices prior to the murders , and this was due to his drug addiction to heroin . Aside from the DeFeos with their constant fights and the Lutzes with their financial woes , many other families who have resided there were happy ones . Subsequent residents experienced no problems whatsoever and lived normally as in any other home . The quarter moon windows that gave an `` eerie '' impression as seen on the movie were replaced by square ones . The house used on the film was one that was replicated to look like the real house , but was located in Toms River , NJ . Comparing the movie prop with the real home , the prop had the chimney exposed along the exterior wall , the quarter moon windows were larger and the prop was painted white . The real house was mainly dark brown back in 1974 and 1975 with white trim . The enclosed porch and the back of the house were painted white . Currently , the real house is painted entirely white.The Lutzes claim that the house was possessed by evil spirits was , in my opinion , completely bunk as was a similar occurrence in West Pittston , PA where a movie based on Jack and Janet Smurl 's account on their `` cursed '' duplex home on `` The Haunted '' . Both movies should only be based on fiction and not fact .
 The movie Burnt Offerings is commonly compared -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- to Amitiville Horror . After seeing both , I prefer the former.Amitiville Horror is popular mainly by reputation , and suffers from stock characters that make no significant contribution to the movie -LRB- the nosy detective , the renegade priest and his skeptical protoge , etc -RRB- , not to mention cheesy effects -LRB- I know , it 's the 70 's but special effects do n't make up for a good story -RRB- . I keep thinking these extra characters are going to show up later at critical times in the movie and play some part in helping the family , but they do n't . The priest and his protoge do show up in the movie again , but they have no further contact with the main characters and theirs is a minor side story that does not further the plot -LRB- unlike say , The Exorcist -RRB- . The movie Burnt offerings is scary because it is ... creepy . It has only a few characters but all have an important part to play , and the movie does n't rely on demons or flies . There is an undertone of something wrong that gives you the chills without other things to distract you . That is why I prefer it to Amityville Horror .
 My first objection is that they did n't use the original house , instead opting for a house which lacks the sinister charachteristics of the original . But sadly , after viewing the movie , I realised this was only a minor flaw . What is the point of claiming the movie is based on a true story if you make up 98 % of the movie ? This so-called remake has little to do with the original , and even less to do with the book and the reported facts of what happened.The first mistake was getting Andrew Douglas to direct . By his own admission he does n't believe in ghosts . That 's fine . You do n't have to believe in ghosts to make an effective ghost story , but if you 're making one that is based on a true story , you should at least hire a director who believes the story to be true . Douglas directs the movie with an utter lack of passion and interest . He just does n't seem to care about the story nor the charachters.I am huge fan of the original , but I do realise that even the original has it 's share of flaws . But at least it sticks fairly close to the novel and the reports of what happened . The original also finds redemption in Lalo Schifrin 's creepy and memorable score . However , Steve Jablonsky 's score is anything but creepy and memorable . It 's shamelessly weak , barely noticable , and utterly forgettable.The only reason why this excuse for a horror movie even merrits one star is due to two nicely executed scenes
 With so many remakes tarnishing horror films during the past few years , it didnt surprise me one bit that this would be a piece of trash . Sure , the first ten minutes probely had more action then the 1979 version , which of course makes it so silly and ludicrious since this is supposed to be based on a true story . Let me state that there are those that think this is true , and others that think it was a made up hoex . I myself , happen to believe it was true , even though there wasnt any real evidence of any happenings . If you believe , the ORIGINAL is a definate fright , and still gives me goose bumps . The orginal was much very accurate to the book , which is a fine read . This remake doesnt even touch on the supense as the book or the 1979 version . This is why so many horror movies fail and that hollywood writers are running out of ideas . The slow paced suspense that builds up our fear meters seems to not be in the agenda of most hollywood films . Instead of that we get pretty much a bloodbath and more bodycount then Rambo . I dont detest violence or anything , I love a great splatter flick . But when you take stories such as this , or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre , which were made to build up suspense slowly , and try to make it a fast paced action bloodbath , then most of the time it fails . This is why most remakes suck , as you are taking away from what you dont see -LRB- which can be more suspenseful and terrifying -RRB- and adding more of what you didnt see in the orginals , but it just tarnishs the film . Even though films like Saw and Hostel , use tons of violence , there still is a great suspense factor added , which adds more to the story making it more shocking and frighting . Blair Witch and Open Water , two indie films , use the same suspensful story which make them great . If Blair Witch was made for todays younger audience , it probely would have bombed , since I think todays younger crowd just doesnt get it . If you really want to see this and have interest , please check out the 1979 version or read the book . This does the story of the Amityville Horror no justice and its a piece of garbage .
 No , I mean it . Seriously . Grab your date , leave the popcorn behind , and vamoose -- before the credits roll.Trust me , you 'll thank me later.Now
 The original is still the best . This remake goes off track by failing to build anything suspenseful . Even the obvious introduction of elements from other horror movies , specifically poltergist , involving Indian burial grounds and even a ` Cain ' type figure , does n't help the situation . There may be one or two ` jump ' moments but for the most part , this movie is disappointing.So , avoid this like the plague , and rent the 1979 original !
 The Amityville Horror is a ridiculous remake ; one of the worst horror films ever made . I never had expectations going into this mess , but the filmmakers had the chance to make a suspenseful and atmospheric horror film . Instead they opted for fast shots , cheap scares , and loads of blood . That 's the problem with modern horror films . They are n't scary or atmospheric , they just try to shock the audience with violent images that never work . What really ticks me off about this film is that , even after the fact that the legend of the Amityville house was proved to be a fabrication between the Lutzes and DeFao 's lawyer , this is still being advertized as a true story . In the words of George Lutz , the only truth in this film was `` that we moved into a house where murders took place . It 's true that we knew about the murders before we bought the house and moved in . It 's true that the people that moved in where named George and Kathy Lutz . And that we were married recently . That when we moved in , we were five months married . It 's true that the house we moved into had a boathouse . And that we had a boat . It 's true that we had a dog named Harry . And it 's true that we had Kathy 's three children . And that we had a telephone . That 's it . `` The film portrays Lutz as a homicidal maniac trying to kill his family , which is not true . Nothing in this film is , so do n't believe the ` true story ' crap . Instead of Lutz suing MGM , they are now suing him for going against the film . If that 's not reason enough to boycott this , I do n't know what is , I am shocked at all the good reviews , this was horrible from beginning to end . Despite the fact that it takes place in the 70s , it does not have that feel . There is a reason this film was not screened for the critics . Skip this and watch the far superior 79 ' version instead . Despite the fact that hardly any of the events in that film were true , at least it has atmosphere , suspense , and scares ; everything this film lacks .
 Another re-make straight from the Hollywood vaults for the umpteenth time , this time on a movie which was never really that great in the first place -LRB- let 's just be glad they 're not re-making Halloween or the Exorcist -RRB- . This movie , despite the usual trend of having dazzling special effects , does n't live up to any other worthy heights such as a memorable storyline , passionate acting and a possible moral which could be used to draw into the viewers mind . I mean why do people watch movies if they have nothing to say ? Yes , there are BIG LOUD SCARY SOUNDS THAT WILL MAKE YOU JUMP IN YOUR SEAT , that may make you think that the movie is scary , but it 's a cheap technique as we all know used to cover up the film makers lack of imagination . What was the point in this movie ? It was n't original and ground breaking , not at all daring like earlier horror movies . It 's time to move on and support original works . Horror has been dead for years , do n't give them the money they want from you so bad for making such a cheap watered down horror movie . Oh , and they ripped off the Shining . Goodnight .
 I grew up in the 70 's . As such I remember a select few films from that decade that struck fear in my heart at the mere mention of their title . The Excorcist , The Omen , Dawn of the Dead and The Amityville Horror . I 'd like to say that all of these films held up to the test of time but alas , one just does not make the cut . Amityville is that film.I 'll grant that I was a lot easier to scare in those days and did n't watch films with the critical eye that I do now as a reasonably intelligent adult . So I expected to be somewhat disillusioned with a movie I 'd last seen 27 years earlier . But upon viewing Amity again , I am amazed that adults were ever scared by this film when it was released much less able to sit through it in its entirety.With apologies to those who revere this film as a classic , The Amityville Horror is just a complete disaster as a film . Just because it was made in the 70 's does not qualify it as a classic . One must keep in mind that Amityville WAS NOT a B-budget chop job that simply grew a cult following . This was a major motion picture with big name actors . It does not get a break for being cheesy or camp because the cheese/camp is completely unintentional on the director 's part . The screenplay is often nonsensical , overly cryptic and repetitive in its attempt to convince us that evil is afoot . It is clear that the director was trying to achieve a subdued atmosphere of unseen evil as was done successfully in The Excorcist . But The Excorcist succeeded in achieving this atmosphere because a great deal of care went into preserving the authenticity of the characters and their world through the script and sets . We believe that the characters we see on the screen in The Excorcist could in fact exist in the real world . Further , the evil is actually defined in The Excorcist , even if it is not seen in its natural form . In Amity , the evil is never truly defined in this way . And the characters , through poor scripting just do not shine through effectively as people we might know in everyday life . These characters just walk around in a stupor hoping that will be enough to get the idea across that something is n't right.To say that the pacing of the film is wrought would be an understatement . Amity jumps around from scene to scene completely oblivious to any semblance of a compelling story arc and the editing is awful . Amityville is just a series of flat , understated scenes depicting a spectre of impending doom that never really manifests itself in any meaningful or frightening way -LRB- unless of course you consider disappearing wedding money and James Brolin brooding about for two hours with a bad perm as meaningful and frightening . -RRB- There 's nothing wrong with watching an old movie as a walk down memory lane . I do it all the time . But an old movie does n't necessarily make a good movie . Good old movies , while reminding one of the era in which they take place , do not allow that era to become so distracting that one ca n't still immerse himself in the story and characters . The Excorcist is the perfect example of a good older movie . I can sit down to watch that film and am immediately aware of the decade in which it takes place . But the sets and characters are so well written and depicted that I soon forget and stop caring about what year it takes place in . All I could think about as I watched Amity was how it REALLY looked like it was made 30 years ago . It relied entirely too much on cheap , now horribly dated antics like slamming doors and windows and the like to supply the horror . The horror never got to the psycholigical level as it did in The Excorcist . Perhaps it 's unfair to compare Amity to The Excorcist , but they are often mentioned in the same breath as being two of the better horror films of the 70 's . Amity just does not earn its place in that rare air . Amityville is just a dog with no teeth and bad breath when it gets right down to it .
 This is a very 70s horror flick based on the bestselling book of the ` true ' story of a haunted Long Island home . It was debunked and proven to be a total sham , but the film spawned about ten sequels and even that necessary remake.The Lutz family purchases their dream house only to find that it 's haunted , and also helpfully contains the passageway to Hell in the basement . Yes , it is completely and utterly crushing to think that if such a passage existed into something called Hell , it would be in Amityville , Long Island.James Brolin plays the husband , tough guy with a lot of hair . Margot Kidder is the wife , who gets to react with big , wide eyes whenever she witnesses a ghost , hallucination , atrocity , etc. . Most of the scares are indeed opening doors or something , looking at something , and then the music gets really loud , and then we see the peoples ' eyes , closer , and then , da-da ! A cheesy special effect.Good for nostalgia value . The appearance of Rod Steiger as a crazed priest is a major plus . Like a cheap Exorcist . If these types of films scare you , it might be worth it on a slow night . Good for some unintentional laughs , too .
 George and Kathleen Lutz , the people who stayed at 112 , Ocean Avenue , Amityville , New York , for a very brief time because they claimed they were disturbed by very supernatural causes . I will not deny that there were murders at the house because there were murders but they were n't from supernatural causes or demons . The DeFeos -LRB- the whole family except for Ronald DeFeo Jr. -RRB- were murdered by the oldest son of the family , Ronald DeFeo Jr. . He is currently serving time . The Amityville community confirms that the supernatural things claimed by the Lutzs are just nothing but a hoax to get publicity recognize them . Jay Anson wrote a fake story . I would n't want to see a fake movie where the people say it 's a true story but it 's not . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! ...
 I just do n't see how this could get such good reviews . It 's an awful movie with awful acting and no horror at all . They should put this movie in the drama section so people who like horror movies wo n't buy it . The sequels are ok and would get a 5/10 from me but this one horrible . A young family moves into a nice new house onlt to find out it 's haunted and the dad goes crazy . They rip off alot of movies in this like The Shining and the original The Haunting . MGM also did a bad job on this disk for we get a trailer and that 's all . I know alot of people like this movie because it 's an older haunted house cheaply made movie , and that 's ok with me because we all have our own opinians . But just listen to me and stay away from this movie unless you can watch any of the sequels or Poltergeist 3 .
 I remembered this being good - I was wrong . Perhaps I have been spoiled by a couple of decades of CGI 's intervening , and also in those days , pre-video , too young to bluff my way into the cinema ... you took what horror movies you could get.James Brolin 's acting is the strongest thing in the movie , but the script is poor - the menace never materialises -LRB- think of the climax when he returns for the dog ... what happens ? er ... not a lot -RRB- Rod Steiger as usual hams it up , and the rest of the cast is mediocre . Avoid .
 I rented this movie because of my parents talk of it being one of the scariest films of all time . Me being a horror fan I rented it and it stunk . This feeling was when I thought it really happened . When I realized it was n't even true , that put the icing on the cake . I mean come on , they throw a platic pig at the audiece with glowing eyes ! Come on ! And to add something , the scarist momment in this film was when the door opened by itself . Do n't rent this laugh-out loud , so-called horror film . You 'll be truly disappointed and will feel that your money has been wasted . If I could 've , I 'd 've given this film no stars .
 yeah - what he said -LRB- the review below from Los Angeles
 What a horrible movie ! The movie starts out in a good direction , but nothing really happens after the first 15 minutes . It 's boring and certainly not scary . I only gave it one star because there is n't an option for no star . Spend your money on something else .
 I was really disappointed by this film . It 's considered a horror classic , so I felt the need to watch it , but for your sake , do n't bother . It 's way too long , had sub plots that do n't go anywhere , the scariest moments happen in the first 2 minutes , and does n't have any original ideas that were n't done better BEFORE this film was made . Skip it
 `` Is this torture ? '' `` I thought it was meatloaf . '' `` So , basically , the whole movie is horses ** t. '' `` Your words , not mine . But , I do n't think there inappropriate . '' - The Lutz family tries to figure out whats for dinner in their haunted house on Ocean Avenue , while an interviewer prys the truth out of the real George Lutz on what he thinks of the remake to `` The Amityville Horror `` Bad remake to the sub-par 1979 original . The true horror here is the film being touted as based on a true story , & the truth being all but left out of the film -LRB- once again , MGM did n't consult with George Lutz & when Lutz tried to communicate with the studio he got slapped with a , still pending , lawsuit -RRB- . With MGM hitting rock bottom financially -LRB- Sony Entertainment bought MGM out this past week -RRB- & the studios last big hit -LRB- the last Bond movie , Die Another Day -RRB- was over 2 + years ago its no wonder that MGM gave the go ahead to Michael Bay -LRB- of all people -RRB- to do a remake of one of its older films . The results , like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , just plain suck.In November of 1973 , in Amityville , New York , the Defeo family was massacred by the families oldest son , Ronnie Jr. -LRB- its still the most heinous act ever committed in the village 's history -RRB- . One year later , George & Kathy Lutz , with Kathy 's three kids & the family dog , Harry , move into 112 Ocean Avenue after buying it for a steal at roughly eighty thousand dollars . 28 days later the family flee their house in terror saying that the house is so very haunted and vowing never to return leaving their personal belongings behind.The above statements are true & are well documented -LRB- DeFeo is serving six life sentences for his crimes against his family -RRB- . What is n't true is the events that take place throughout the remake of this film . The real problem is , if a film states that its based on a true story , then the film should definitely stick to the true source material that inspires it.Here is the truth according to George Lutz : - There were cold spots throughout the house , including the basement , kitchen , & sewing room . He did always feel a chill and was sick but never was he obsessed with chopping firewood , or carrying an axe around the house . According to George , he never chopped wood at all ! He also did n't kill the family dog -LRB- thats just brutal -RRB- . - The Jody entity was n't a girl , or related to the DeFeo 's , but was a pig-like demon that made `` friends '' with George 's stepdaughter . In the A&E ; History 's Mysteries episode on the house , George states that he saw two cloven-hoof like footprints next to his stepdaughters footprints outside in the snow throughout the backyard . At night , George & Kathy would spot a pair of glowing animal-like eyes peering in through the windows of the house , no matter what floor of the house they were on . One evening , George breaks down in anger & throws a chair at the eyes smashing the window it was peering into , with the entity letting out a high pitched piglike squeal & snorting off into the night . This part of the story still gives me the creeps . - Father Piccoro did bless the house . While blessing a small room on the second floor , Piccaro did feel something slap the back of his head , telling him in a whisper to get out of the house . He told the Lutz family as long as no one was to room up there , the room would be fine . Kathy says that the room was going to be turned into a sewing room . - On one of the worst nights , George awoke to find his wife slowly levitating out of bed , while on the floor above he could hear his stepkids scream and cry in terror as their beds were slammed up & down on the floor . Harry , the family dog , was pacing in fear and throwing up . George was helpless being mysteriously pinned to the bed , unable to help his family.There is a lot more . Kathy finding the red room in the basement , windows that would open on their own - no matter how hard you nail them shut , etc. . Check out www.amityvillehorror.com , the website that George Lutz operates and discover what really happened during those 28 days with the Lutz family . Truth is creepier thatn fiction.As for the house , it still stands on Ocean Avenue -LRB- different number though , I think its 108 -RRB- . The colonial windows are long gone -LRB- the `` eyes '' of the house -RRB- . The real horror is the house is now painted yellow . ewww .
 yet another remake of yet another movie that no one has wanted . wake up hollywood , where is the creative spark you once had . are thing so bad that you have to remake movies insted of coming up with something fresh?you know the plot , you know what 's going to happen , and with the exception of ryan reynolds who turns in a fine proformance.other than that this is one lame duck of a movie !
 The acting is good , but it ca n't make up for a really , really bad script . Shame on Michael Bay . I expected much better of him .
 I have to wonder if there are n't any of those Tinseltown urban myths re
 I saw the original on TV -LRB- so heavily edited -RRB- . I realy did n't find this movie scary or any of the characters apeallng . I did n't care if they were about to die or whatever . I would have found it more interesting if they did more with the reason what happened , happened -LRB- I do n't want to give to much away , forgive my vagueness -RRB- . Michael Bay produced the Texas Chainsaw Massacre which I thought was horrible . If you liked that , you might not like this , not very much gore .
 First off lets read this interesting bit of info `` The Hollywood film versions of the DeFeo murders contain several inaccuracies . The 2005 remake of The Amityville Horror contains a fictional child character called Jodie DeFeo , who was not a victim of the shootings in November 1974 . The claim that Ronald DeFeo , Jr. was influenced to commit the murders by spirits from a Native American burial ground on the site of 112 Ocean Avenue has been rejected by local historians and Native American leaders , who argue that there is insufficient evidence to support the claim that the burial ground existed . `` So this movie is ` nt even about the REAL murders that happened . We all know the reports about the hauntings in the real house have already be admittedly FALSE . This movie is so goddamn bad , it may be because I am de-sensitized , to horror films , -LRB- about 3/4 of my dvd collection is horror -RRB- or its because it is a REALLY BAD MOVIE . I wont say anything about the specifics so if you want to see it I wont ruin anything , but if you do want to waste your time , buy it USED , so noone involved in the P.O.S gets any residuals .
 Generally good acting , especially by Rod Steiger , and sexy shots of Margot Kidder , but an uninteresting slow unresolved story about a haunted house with copies of scenes from Poltergeist and The Exorcist .
 i swear that the summer i read the novel it rained everyday i would read . the movie , well to be kind , is just no good . at no time was i ever scared like i was reading the book . the only good thing about this movie is the soundtrack which is spooky .
 The original `` Amityville Horror '' film was released in 1979 along with a best-seller book based upon the phenomenon that had happened in the real house . What is a fact and is the true story of this house is that on November 13 , 1974 , the son of the De Feo Family killed all six members of his family inside the house at 112 Ocean Blvd. . It is the psychics , real estate agents and other others of the real house that claim eerie phenomenon has occurred and thus the story of the Amityville Horror house continues.Many sequels were made , the latter sequels were low-budget and mediocre.The first film , `` The Amityville Horror '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- starred James Brolin and Margot Kidder and is way better than this 2005 remake starring Ryan Reynolds and Melissa George.George Lutz -LRB- Ryan Reynolds -RRB- is becoming a stepfather to a family of three kids -LRB- Jesse James , Jimmy Bennett , Chloe Grace Moretz -RRB- with his new wife , Kathy -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- . Today , is the day they look for a new house together . They are jazzed about the Amityville house on Ocean Blvd. . The real estate agent -LRB- Annabel Armour -RRB- they met takes them on a tour and she actually sees a ghost in the other room as she gives her monologue , but she remains cool and calm about it , not wanting Kathy and George to know as they have n't yet a clue about what happened in this house . As soon as they have moved in , they will experience the most unnerving phenomenon.DVD includes in Special Features , audio commentary with Ryan Reynolds and producers , 71/2 minutes of deleted scenes , `` Supernatural Homicide '' is a 2005 re-creation of crime photos and footage . `` On Set Peek '' when clicked `` on ' will feature 3 interactive scenes . You may watch how they filmed them as you watch the film . The Photo Gallery is also 2005 re-created photos and files used in the film.Easter Egg
 I never realized the awesome talent that Michael Bay wields . In the span of one picture , he manages to rip off The Shining , The Ring , The Blair Witch Project , Hellraiser ... oh , yeah , and The Amityville Horror . I now understand why I 've always avoided seeing his movies .
 For it 's time , it may have been more impressive , but I thought it lacking in plot and without much `` horror '' so I 'm giving it only two stars . If you must see it , rent , do n't buy it .
 Very dull and uninspired telling of the `` true '' haunting that rocked a sleepy Long Island community in the 70s . None of the scares go anywhere and there is very little in the way of any cohesive tying up that would make the movie tighter . Characters come and go , `` scares '' and odd happenings have no follow-through -LRB- just what the heck happened to the money roll anyhow ? Why would a ghost need to steal money ? -RRB- and we 're left with an amorphous blob of a movie.Rod Steiger is way over the top as a Catholic priest and has an unfortunate scene where he is sitting on a bench wrapped in a babushka like an old Russian lady , Margot Kidder 's character does nothing but react the entire time , -LRB- and sheesh , she sure had some ugly legs as evidenced in the scene where she 's standing in front of the mirror -RRB- and the less said about Brolin 's performance , the better . -LRB- It 's all in the hair . -RRB- If you want a real `` family in a haunted house '' movie , I 've always considered `` Poltergeist '' to be -LRB- whether consciously or not -RRB- an answer to Amityville on how to do it right .
 Anyone who has seen this movie and thinks it is accurate to the true events that the Lutz family claimed happened needs to do a little research . I am of the mind that the Lutz family moved into that house with the intention of profiting from the fact they moved into a `` murder house '' and could claim ghostly encounters , and yes they profited big time.Like Texas Chainsaw the producers of this film are only concerned with trying to make you think what they are telling you is the `` true story '' . In this case the `` true story '' isnt even accurate to the most likey made up story that the Lutz family wrote about in their book.Funny to that everyone how has lived in that house since the Lutz family fled has never claimed to have any ghostly encounters . And yet in the special features of this film they claim this is the most haunted house in America , it may be the most famous but we can thank Hollywood fot that , not ghost encounters . Lets not forget that the facts behind this story involve an entire family being brutally murdered and maybe we should question whether people should profit off that , including the actual Lutz family . I believe ghosts may exist but I think the Amityville Horror is not a ghost story , its a profit maker and has been since the Lutz family first published their so called true story.Not that I care much but Isnt it odd that George Lutz requested to be a consultant to the new film but the producers and screen writer wanted nothing to do with him . read this article : http://www.femalefirst.co.uk/entertainment/40232004.htm
 `` The Amityville Horror '' is a tawdry , low-rent version of `` The Shining '' from its lead , Ryan Reynolds , to its obsession with Jolly Rancher blood , ghosts , torture chambers and relentless , blaring `` horror '' music over genuine suspense . It 's 100 minutes of discomfort and unintentional laughs.The `` true '' background of this story was fodder enough for two films 25 year ago
 Genre
 Okay , I 'd like to admit that I am a longtime horror movie buff and a fan of the original `` The Amityville Horror '' from 1979 . I must 've watched it probably more than ten times by now because it is so good and scary ! However , when I heard that there was going to be a remake , I thought it would be so exciting to see a more modern twist on the story . After all , with technology highly advanced today as it is I figured , `` Why not ? '' Well , I had high expectations when I went to see it at a special premiere in Seattle on April 12th , but when it was over I 'd left the theatre feeling a bit disappointed . Yes , the premise start off with a bang -LRB- literally -RRB- but from there , it pretty much goes DOWNHILL . For one , the acting is so-so but it could 've been better . Do n't get me wrong , Ryan Reynold 's made a fine George Lutz , but he simply can not top James Brolin 's performance . Secondly , the movie felt rushed , where we BARELY get to know the Lutz 's and the 28 days they went through before they fled the house . In the original , we watch them day after day , where it does n't just skip from Day 10 all the way to Day 28 ! THAT 'S WAY TOO SOON ! They should 've made the story as long as the original . Therefore , it 's way TOO SHORT ! Third , why did they have to show what Ron Defeo and Jodie look like ? In the original , we do n't see neither -LRB- except for Ron 's arms holding a gun -RRB- , which makes it even scarier and I think that it was a good idea to do it this way . In the remake , we SEE Jodie and Ron which takes away the thrill ! Finally , the ending was so stupid ! They just had to kill it all by using two CGI arms come up and pull Jodie down through the floor ! One word
 Fans of the original might want to avoid this . Rent `` Amityville 2
 -LRB- Slight Spoilers Ahead -RRB- This movie may be retro for sure , but let 's also remember in 1974 a little unknown Movie called the Exorcist was born and that was 5 years earlier . When you watch Amityville Horror , it 's like a punsihment to your brain and you deserve so much better to kill some time . This movie is supposed to be scary right ? Well , if this is scary then Looney Tunes are too . Amityville Horror is simply not scary at all , even worse , it 's just bad from start to finish . Running two long hours in length , the film is too long and does n't even have a satisfying ending . It kind of leaves you hanging . Some people as I see by the review board , really seem to enjoy this garbage , but I think they 're just drawn to it 's reputation . But believe me , it 's not scary and it 's not a good movie by an sense of the word . If it came out today , the movie would be PG 13 . There 's really no redeeming qualities in this trash . No gore or anything really disturbing to make you cringe , heck , nobody even dies . The movie focuses on an idiotic family that moved into the cursed house and the entity basically just causes little problems for the family . Amazingly , the movie is based on a true story , but I 'm sorry , people can not be this dumb.The Amityville Horror is a story about a cursed house that makes a husband grumpy and causes fights between him and his wife . Oh , he also scolds his kids more with the evil demons by his side . Well , that 's the movie in a nutshell . The so-so acting is only 1/2 of the problem . It 's very slow paced , make sure you have coffee by your side to keep you awake . The shortlived visit from the priest was about the best part of the movie , those flies were a bit disturbing to see crawling in his mouth . The demon or entitys in the house do n't really make any grand appearances during the whole film , they just annoy the family and they leave when the movie is over . Perhaps the real story of the house is scary , but the way this movie is portrayed says other wise , the actors look bored.There are so many other better movies of this genre , the Exorcist , The Ring , Blair Witch , Prom Night , Halloween , Friday the 13th , and other trippy thrillers that are worth your hard earned dough . If you want retro and crave Amityville , take a look at the Amityville Horror II
 After watching this film the only question I have is ... WHY ? Why was this film even remade ? Nothing changed . The script is bland . The dialogue is boring . Nobody dies ... except the family dog . It felt like such a waste of time to watch this . There 's some mediocre suspenseful moments , but in spite of the gory images , the film is actually tame . As a director if you have an R rated film , you need to go all out ! Do n't give us the typical Hollywood happy ending crap . The only good thing about the film is the acting . Everyone did an outstanding job of really becoming their characters . If you happen to be a Ryan Reynolds fan , maybe you 'll want to watch the movie . But if you 've seen the original Amityville , I would n't bother .
 The remake of `` The Amityville Horror '' is nothing spectacular , and does n't live up remotely to the raw force of the original -LRB- which itself was only above average -RRB- , but it has moments . Essentially , this is what the filmmakers decided to do : remake a horror film from the 70 's and add some new images to it , making sure to throw in the necessary up-and-coming celebrities . Not entirely unpleasant , the film has a few genuinely frightening moments
 Oh good , I really wanted a serious exploration into the paranormal and the descent of man into madness . Surely this film , `` based on a true story , '' would be just the ticket . Just kidding , we all knew this was going to be silly hokum from the get-go . I did n't believe this `` true story '' as a book , I did n't believe it as a film almost 30 years ago , and I have n't lost any brain cells since then.So the best I can say about the remake of `` The Amityville Horror '' is that it 's less than 90 minutes . OK , maybe that 's harsh -- I did n't hate this movie as some people did . It just barely registered at all . I suppose there is some suspense in the final moments , that 's more than some movies . But since none of the characters are developed very well , it 's hard to work up much interest . I suppose it 's nice to see Ryan Reynolds in something other than an idiotic comedy . Of course , that would be more interesting if he actually had the talent or presence to do anything more serious.Here is the insurmountable problem . The movie plays much like `` The Shining , '' and yes , I 'm being generous with the comparison . But in `` The Shining , '' the family could n't leave when things started spiraling out of control . They were trapped and isolated , they had to play it out . In `` The Amityville Horror , '' that is not the case . The house is so inherently evil -- everyone knows it . The real estate agent sees spirits , the priest is chased away , the little girl almost gets killed , a baby-sitter is driven insane -- and yet it never occurs to someone that maybe they should leave . My favorite moment comes at the end -LRB- possible spoiler -RRB- as the family looks back at the house from the boat . The husband has seemingly snapped out of his homicidal rage and is free from the house 's influence !!! Yea !!! But I could n't help thinking -- Man , maybe they should have gone out to eat more often , shopping , whatever -- if that 's all it took to break free . `` Honey , I 'm going to pick up some groceries . I 'm starting to feel like I want to murder the kids . See you in a few . '' KGHarris , 10/06 .
 Performances
 Having viewed this film as a kid and subsequent viewing 's many year 's later over-all it cop 's alot of undue-flak . Firstly though it grow 's a little cheesier with time Amityville Horror was directed fine by Stuart Rosenberg , cinemaphotography and acting by James Brolin , Margot Kidder and their children good , though brilliant as he is Rod Steiger is way over the top and down-right embarasing as the Lutz family \ priest in this . Musical-score by Lalo Schiffrin also errily-atmospheric I think maybe even nominated for an oscar or something similar at the time of original-release . In any case it was for it 's time I believe the 2nd highest-grossing movie for it 's year of release and most of us believed this so-titled based on a true-story which as most by now know was HOAX , hoax , and more of the same . Does n't stand-up over time as a classical-scare in my opinion but other-horror-fan 's love-it , actress Margot Kidder -LRB- then Superman 's Lois Lane -RRB- has trashed connection with it saying she did it for monetary reason 's only saying she never belived in the Lutz story and that she thought it was a pile of rubbish , that Jim Brolin was too sweet and a better PR man than she to dump on-it and with that I agree the content certainly is but as film it 's entertaingly late 70 's fiction . So check out an oldie not as bad as some made presently , however not frightening by today 's standard 's , but then who is anymore ? Nostalgic for those who grew-up on Fangoria & Famous Monster 's magazine 's . Still not all that bad , has a few errie-moement 's . Let-down is it was ` nt as then claimed based on a true-story which was the the hook for making it then somewhat scary . Decide for yourself !
 Here in Australia this movie has been released as a Speecial Edition with a bonus disc with featurettes and stuff.If it was not for my girlfriend telling me abou this movie scaring the smeg out of her as a kid , I probably never would have seen it . It is regarded as a sort of `` classic '' horror film . . but It 's not my taste , I dont scare easy and this one provided no scares to me at all.After finally seeing this movie after being told to see it , it 's been a long , and disapointing wait . For some reason parts 2,3 & 4 were available here , but not part 1 . I didnt think much of any of the sequels to this movie , but after vewing the so called `` original and the best '' I guess I am just not any kind of fan of this particuler story.Based on the true story of a house in a town called Amittyville it stars whats his face and Lous Lane ... the story is about a happy fammily who move into a house where a man had killed his entire family , who eventualy it was claimed he was possesed . The same thing is happening to the Lutz familly when they move in , there perfect loving family starts to demolish when they realise they have moved into a house from hell with a dooryway * laughing * to hell.It has all the `` hollywood '' B.S put into it , even on the audio commantary , the doctor is telling you what is real , and what Hollywood made up , and you can work it out for yourself that the walls did not bleed , no preist was told to get out , there was no portal to hell under the stairs ... infact , the real story has nothing to do with Satan or Hell at all.I found the movie pretty lame , I know so many people love it and think it 's a scary movie , but I 'm hard to impress . I did not enjoy the film at all.The bonus features onm the other hand are great . The audio commantary from the man brought into the house to investigate it first talks about what really happend , and whats been lost in translation with the film . He also explains how things came about , what happend , the story behind why somebody claimed it was a hoax , the issues with Amityville , and the REAL explination to whats going on . They are documentries from the hisroty channel . There is also some behind the scene/reunion interviews ... they actualy say they didnt get along , they dont use that `` oh , we had a great time , he 's wonderfull to work with '' garbage . And there is some boring radio spots aswell.I didnt find any hidden features.Movie - 2 starsBonus Disc - 3 and a half stars .
 You 're liable to wake up with neck pains from falling asleep in your recliner.Did this movie have an ending ? I 'm not dogging the acting or the music score , but the story itself seemed unfinished . Why have sub-stories if your not going to finish them ? I love classic horror , and like 90 % of the old AIP Pictures , but this one just left me sitting there saying `` What a Waste ''
 I was reading the reviews for this movie and was wondering if these people watched the same movie that I did . It was one of the worst movies that I 've seen . Half way through I wanted to turn it off . It was not scary and it was far off from the orignal . I was n't feeling the girl ghost Jodie and thought it was better as the demonic pig . The best way they tried to scare you was to have things pop up really quick to make you jump which did n't work . I could barely keep my eyes open . Also in the end he goes crazy kinda like Jack Nicholson in The Shining but a way crappier version . I wish I give it zero stars .
 I love the original version of `` The Amityville Horror , '' and I even have a sneaky fondness for `` Amityville II , '' and boy , did I hope this one was going to be great . I figured it had a shot , since the remakes of both `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' and `` Dawn of the Dead '' turned out well.Uh uh.There is not one single -- NOT ONE SINGLE -- scare in the entire movie . There are lots of attempts , each of them backed by a musical stinger . None of them work.The movie is , at 89 minutes , over before it begins , with no time allotted to immerse the viewer in this house , to make the audience feel what it is like to be in a place that just is n't quite right.The acting is good ; that 's the best thing I can say . Ryan Reynolds and Melissa George do very well , and it 's a shame the movie does n't manage even to meet them halfway.This is a lame , crappy piece a crap .
 Surprise Surprise ... 26 years after the lame and cheesy original movie The Amityville Horror we get , well ... . The Amityville Horror -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . This update only very loosley resembles the 1979 film . Here we get subplots not previously exposed such as an Indian massacre that occurred centuries ago on the doomed Ocean Ave. sight and Mr. Lutz -LRB- Ryan Reynolds -RRB- thinking his family is actually a bunch of crazed demons that need to be extinguished . Besides that , the house is actually transformed from the creepy statliness of the modest 1928 original Dutch Colonial to the colassal granduer of a 1692 mini-castle . Yes , it 's all very fantastical and going more for effect than staying true to Jay Anson 's `` non-fictional '' account . Also , it seems like minor details are all changed from the original simply for the sake of being new and different.Really , this just kind of retreads the chilling creepiness of movies like Sixth Sense , The Ring , and numerous other later-day scare flicks . It utilizes updated effects and whacko character paranoia to achieve it 's unravelling horror . By the end of the 90-minute travesty , you really do n't care what happens to any of these under-developed characters , but wonder if they will end up in a mental home -LRB- the kids -RRB- or in prison -LRB- Mr. Lutz -RRB- . Anyway , just as in the original ... the flick is much more of a fade-out than a conclusion.On the plus side , Ryan Reynolds -LRB- yummy six-pack in shirtless daranged boat-house scene -RRB- and Melissa George -LRB- nice rack -RRB- make for a more sightly duo than James Brolin and Margot Kidder . But alas , its not worth the price of admission just for a lil eye candy . More like a star-and-a-half , but I 'm feeling generous today !
 This movie was even worse then the first one . What was it all the actors in it were saying that it was going to be more true to the book ? WRONG the only thing that was like the book was the name Jodi , and even that was a lie , none of the Defoe children was named Jodi . That was an insult and the living Defoe family should sue over . the lack of taste the writers and producer had to the memory of this family that lost their lives there . The Lutzes should sue as well . This was far from the book and if the story was true ... the book i mean it was not like this at all . No pig -- that was what Jodi was ... no red room . Nothing at all . This was just a bad horror movie and was so stubid . I 'm just glad I was able to download it off the computer and not have spent any money seeing it .
 I loved the original Amityville Horror , never saw the sequels , but could not have expected a total dasterdly remake of a film so good you want to watch it again and again . Do n't see this movie .
 In this `` chiller '' about a family who move into a haunted house -LRB- that 's basically the entire plot -RRB- , the only thing that 's scary is how bad it is ! While it does have a few good scenes , it really does n't generate too many chills . The so/so effects are sometimes laughable and the acting is n't that good at all . You wo n't be missing out on much if you skip this one .
 WRONG ! JODY WAS A WILD BOAR THAT REPRESENTED SATAN , BUT NOW , IN THE FANCY NEW REDONE FILM , JODY IS A LITTLE GIRL ?? WHAT ?? YEAH , THAT MAKES SENSE ? WHY , WHY . . WHY DO THEY KEEP REMAKING & `` UPDATING '' OLD FILMS & DESTROYING THEM FOR NEW AUDIENCES ? THE REVIEW BY `` SMALLESTSTEP '' ON HERE IS ONE I TOTALLY AGREE WITH . THIS NEW VERSION OV THE FILM WAS SUPPOSED TO BE CLOSER TO THE BOOK . . UHHH , NO . . THEY TOOK THE ORIGINAL MOVIE , CHANGED & DELETED THINGS THAT MADE IT SPOOKY , ADDED TOO MUCH CGI & TOO MUCH SO CALLED `` SPOOKY '' MUSICAL SCORE AND SCREWED IT UP ! COME ON GUYS , THIS WAS BASED ON A `` TRUE '' STORY , ENOUGH WITH THE `` HOLLYWOOD '' STUDIO FLARE . . SO GO AHEAD & ASK ME IF I 'M GON NA GO SEE THE NEW `` REMAKE '' OV `` THE FOG '' . . GO AHEAD , ASK ME . . OHHHHHHHHHHH , I JUST FOUND OUT THAT `` MICHAEL BAY '' PRODUCED THIS NEW AMITYVILLE , WELL , THAT EXPLAINS IT ALL . . `` WHY DOES MICHAEL BAY GET TO KEEP ON MAKING MOVIES ? ''
 James Brolin and Margot Kidder are newly weds who find out their quaint house is ... gasp ... haunted ! Unbelievably boring movie is packed full of laughably silly moments and revelations that make no sense , and Brolin increasingly appears more and more like Charlie Manson throughout the film ! This is as bad as haunted house films get .
 LAUGHABLE , BETTER OFF BEING CALLED THE AMITTYVILLE BORE
 THE AMITYVILLE HORROR in my opinion is an example of how bad a movie can be . JAMES BROLIN and MARGOT KIDDER are awful as the couple that moves into what seems to be a nice house turned nightmare they act like they 're bored to death and it shows . The effects are awful in this film too just watch and you 'll see what I mean so in my opinion avoid THE AMITYVILLE HORROR .
 This remake was bad ! I did n't follow the original plot and seemed really made up . I thought the acting was generic and bad . They did a horrible job at making it feel as if it were the 70 's . And worst of all , they did n't have the seen with the flashing red lights out the window . WHAT KIND OF A DIRECTOR WOULD DO THAT !! Destroy an original . That 's horrible . Check out the original if you want a good movie .
 I watched the original of this movie a few weeks before this new one came out , and it was even worse and cheesier than I anticipated . I was hoping the remake would be fairly decent , and you have a the necessary element there -- i.e. creepy house -- and I hoped that they would throw out a lot of the `` adherence to the facts '' that made the original such a bore and retool it to make it actually scary . But no . What 's most disappointing about this movie is how , even though they changed the events , it remains pretty much the exact same movie , just turned up a notch.I was not bored or unentertained during the 90 minutes I spent in the theater , but for me , there 's nothing here that 's scary . What horror -LSB- the genre -RSB- has devolved into as it becomes more popular -- essentially a bunch of empty `` Boo ! '' scares -- just is n't scary to me . But for a film to have an effect it has to have TIME to build an effect -LSB- not to mention atmosphere or thematic resonance -RSB- and this is not possible in a country that increasingly has no attention span . Here some face or creepy something appears onscreen with a crashing noise every five minutes , lest anyone get `` bored . `` But ... are n't you BORED with those idiotic scares?I wo n't go on too long here , as there 's no point . If you like these kind of scares , you get what you deserve.Incredibly , there 's not even any interest to be had in comparing the two versions.The only point of interest to the film is the way they 've redesigned the house . They added an entire floor to the bottom that is a glassed-in porch -LSB- I was thinking `` Jeez ... and I never have time to wash my THREE windows '' -RSB- , which does n't accomplish much and is used to no purpose , but it does make the house taller and narrower . The exteriors and the interiors do not really match , as they 've made the house so tall and narrow to emphasize its scariness . The interiors are also designed to be unusually tall and narrow . This is n't much , but at least it 's a kind of clever cinematic sleight-of-hand , and truly is the only clever thing about the entire film . It is most noticeable when the dippy little girl goes out on the roof for no other reason than that we need a sequence of peril ; you can see that the roof is pitched at a very steep angle that does n't match the interior at all . Whatever , at least they tried something somewhat interesting.On the last day the family spent in the house , the wife is at the library before it opens in the morning , does some research , visits the priest , but by the time she goes home -LSB- seemingly around noon -RSB- it is the dark of night , because the climax has to happen at night . Huh . Ghostly forces , I guess.Mildly entertaining , like cinematic potato chips , not scary , not interesting , devoid of subtext . The only interest this movie can drum up is the way it signifies one more beat in the continual death knell of the Horror film .
 I saw the Amityville remake last night . I absolutely loved the original even if it did n't age well over time . I think what made the original so good was that the characters who played the leads really looked frightened e.g. James Brolin , Margot Kidder and Rod Steiger really conveyed fear in their eyes . The newer version stars Ryan Reynolds , who is more renowned for comedy and Melissa George , an Australian actress who started her career in daytime soaps . Philip Baker Hall plays the priest Fr Callaway . It would be unfair to describe the acting as incompetent , it is n't . My main problem is with the plot and the way the film unravels.The opening sequence shows the massacre of the DeFoe family by Ronnie the son who goes mad . This is quite a creepy sequence and uses similar imagery to the film Se7en . It sets the scene nicely . Then we cut forward to the Lutz family who snap up the property and are told of the house 's history . After initial reluctance , they decide to move in and give it a go . Then the weird things start to happen like the apparition to the Lutz daughter of Jody Defoe , the girl who was murdered by her brother a year before . There are one or two jump out of the seat moments after this but I consider the film to be a wasted opportunity overallThe film turns into a budget version of The Shining , concentrating on the declining sanity of George Lutz played by Ryan Reynolds . This insanity builds up until the end of the film where he comes to his senses and the family escape the house . In the original , the insanity of the Lutz father is only one of several episodes to befall the family in the house . Gone is the appearance of the demon pig , the secret room behind the fireplace painted in blood and other such episodes . Most disappointing was the brief appearance of Philip Baker Hall , an actor who is normally excellent at conveying distress -LRB- remember him as the dying quiz show host in Magnolia ? -RRB- . I expected lots more from his appearance in the house than the swarm of flies attacking his face ? I suppose one of the main problem with the film is it 's brevity . It clocks in at under 90 minutes in runtime.What starts out as a very eerie film ends up another shlock horror zombie film . It could have been so much better really .
 One of the worst films ever made . Classic stupidity of horror movies . Dead people that have become alive again . I would give it a rating of 0/10 . The actors are good but the storyline terrible . Glad I saw it on TV and not bought it .
 While the video assumes the position from a couples angle , I personally found it to be of little assistance to me . Excessive medical commentary makes this video a little long and drawn out .
 I bought this DVD brand new and it did n't work . I tried on two different DVD players and it did n't work . I have n't had time to return it yet .
 Do n't let the title mislead you . It is not a drama about an Indian woman , but a cheap flick about a white man looking for `` thrills '' in Cambodia ! This movie should have never been released on DVD !!! : x
 The concert was great . The audio well done . The viewing was like being on a merry go round . The director never held a shot more than a few seconds . It gave me a headache . I ended up re recording it onto an audio disk to listening to it . Mr. Petty please do another DVD concert , but change the director . I enjoyed the concert , but couuld n't handle the constant video cuts .
 There is absolute no bass in the sound mix ! I pumped up my sub woofer to try to compensate , but the bass drum got too loud . I moved the low pass filter towards 250 Hz , but that did n't really help . Hey , if you play bass and you want to JAM with Tom , this this is your video because you can plug into your amp and jump right in . I 'm not bashing the performance , just the sound engineer 's mix .
 I like Tom Petty but this DVD is bad . I have an HDTV set , but the DVD is formated with the black bars on the top & bottom . Why ??? It makes it look like your viewing the concert through a slit . Poor editing too . Fast moving close ups reck the concert feel . The audio is bad also . I have a 7.1 surround sound setup and this audio just sounds bad . Save your money . Do n't buy this . There is a reason why it 's cheap ...
 I 'm interested to buy this DVD . But before I do , I 'd like to know the Audio Encoding -LRB- is this DD 5.1 or DTS ? -RRB- and the complete track/chapter listing.Thank you , aranleaf
 Not what I expected after seeing them perform live in 2005 . Boring , on stage performance on this disc . Do n't buy this one .
 I JUST FINISHED VIEWING THIS DVD . SEVERAL THINGS COME TO MIND . FIRST , OVER HALF OF THE CAMERA SHOTS , IN THIS DVD , START AS `` OUT OF FOCUS '' THEN FADE INTO FOCUS SLIGHTLY . THE CAMERAS JUMP AROUND AS IF THE EDITOR HAD JUST DRANK ABOUT 50 CUPS OF COFFEE BEFOR ENTERING THE EDIT ROOM.I DO N'T THINK THERE IS 1 CAMERA SHOT THATS STAYS ON THE SUBJECT FOR MORE THAN 5 SECONDS . VERY HARD TO WATCH . SECONDLY , THERE ARE A LOT OF FILL SHOTS . EVERYTHING FROM THE BASS PLAYERS BOOTS TO THE BACKS OF PEOPLE OUT OF FOCUS AND TOTALLY OUT OF FOCUS SHOTS OF WHAT I DO N'T KNOW . I 'M SURPRISED TOM PETTY SIGNED OFF ON THIS PROJECT AS BAD AS IT IS.TOM AND THE BAND PLAYED THEIR COLLECTIVE BUTTS OFF ONLY TO BE RUINED BY BAD , BAD , EDITING !
 I 'll make this quick ... Remember the `` Pack Up The Plantation '' tape from the mid-80 's ? Great show . Amazing energy from the band , excellent setlist , and TP in his prime . Plus it was energetically directed , with great shots of all the band members , back up singers , etc. . . One of the best concert videos ever . Compared to that , and many other live concerts on the market , this one is a drag . Overall it 's a lackluster performance , the camerawork , editing , and overall pace of the production is sluggish . The greatest insult is the cutaways of individual bandmembers that are not even in sync with the soundtrack . Tht tells me that this show was undershot , and consequently over edited . Essentially sucking the life out of what was probably a good show in person , but feels amd looks tepid on DVD . One highlight
 If you love this movie or think the pairing of Julia Roberts and Dennis Quaid -LRB- I really do like both of them -RRB- sounds like a great movie , you should stop reading right now . . okay , you were warned.The movie appears to be set in the 1990 's but the way the characters act , you 'd think it was maybe the late 50s or early 60s . But the language is definitely 1990s language -LRB- and foul -RRB- . One example of the weird era is a meeting the main character attends , where the women are arguing whether to have their name listed as -LRB- for example -RRB- Mrs Schmoe Herschovitz as opposed to Juanita Herschovitz in a cookbook . One woman argues people would n't know who she was if her first name was listed as the recope writer . All I could think of was `` What ? in the 1990s ? '' And spare me the `` Southern Belle '' bit - I know some `` Southern Belles '' and truly , `` Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned '' ... Julia Roberts plays Grace an emotionally cold woman who stews over her dream of being a large animal vet going sour after becoming pregnant and getting married . It 's not quite clear who stopped her from finisheing vet school , perhaps pregnant women were n't allowed in college at that time . Did n't they have birth control at that time ? She marries Dennis Quaid , whose college nickname was `` Hound Dog '' apparently because he likes the ladies.Because Grace does n't finish her last year at vet school , she is forced to work at her father 's horse ranch , which he runs as a dictatorship . Somewhere along the way , Grace sees her husband kissing another woman in public . She also catches him at a bar with the woman as well as his friends . She leaves & goes back to her parents.Her father advises her to make nice because apparently in that era , whenever it was , men were expected to fool around on their wives and wives were supposed to accept it . He has a buisness deal with the son-in-law 's family and he wants everything to go smoothly.Grace stirs up a tiny bit of trouble , based on what she finds out from her `` friends '' -LRB- that have had sex with Grace 's husband -RRB- and following the advice of the `` crazy aunt '' . But there 's no real payoff . Of course , it 's Grace 's fault that hubby cheated - she was cold and distant . Why she is distant is never discussed . And besides , hubby states it really was n't that much fun to fool around on his wife . _ right _ I guess he just forced himself to do it because - well , that 's never answered , either.There 's more stuff that goes on , but I kept wondering why . Of course , one amazing dance on the dance makes them fall back in love with each other again . Grace goes back to finish vet school . Hubby stops messing around on her . Everything is hunky dory ... Besides the lack of sympathetic characters , the huge lips on the stars seem to get in the way of the acting . All my husband could do is notice the lips . All I could think of what a waste of time this movie was . I wanted to smack almost everybody and tell them to grow up.So as you can tell , I 'm going to end this review with a `` do not watch '' recommendation . I do n't normally say that but this movie stunk .
 This review is not for the film , It is for the DVD . And since we are talking about a DVD here the DVD itself falls , and should fall , within the purview of any review.There is no excuse for putting an abridged version of the film in 1:13:1 and the original aspect ratio of 1:85:1 version on the film on different sides of a single disc . Put them on the same side . Or better yet stick the abridged version where the sun does n't shine . That would save good old WB from accepting a return of a disc that has scratches on it like mine because it is two sided . A pox on the WB .
 Although Julia is ALWAYS Julia , & sister Kyra Sedgwick is superb , the foul language served no purpose in advancing the questionable storyline . It -LRB- language -RRB- turned me off , and you know what ? I threw the video away ! I do not want anything with this kind of language in my home ! Waste of money .
 Found this to be a very disappointing `` chick flick '' . Your wife or date mightlove it , but you 'll fall asleep .
 this film is lacking solid writing and experiences many moments of Lapse timing.also Julia ROberts & Dennis Quaid never quite click.it has some moments but nothing but a average film all the way around .
 `` Something To Talk About '' was only a fair movie in my estimation . By taking out cuss words such as `` GD '' , `` F '' , as well as the infidelity talk and its action and it became better , not wonderful , but better .
 The story is average . If you have seen any other love story , then you have already seen it ! The only problem are lots of swearing ! Other than that if you like Dennis Quaid or Julia Roberts then you met like this movie !
 Too much gratuitous , totally unnecessary profanity for me . The movie has a nice family story which would far better have been served without all the profanity , which is typical of movies now . It 's much better to view it on cable , where they cut out most of the profanity . I will be passing on this DVD .
 This DVD would not play , found out wrong region as why . I did n't know there was a difference . Cost 1.88 to return and was credited only 2.16 for movie . Not worth it .
 This is the third time I have been asked to review this product and each time I said that it was good and everything about it was good . Catherine Bevers It should be five stars not two as indicated on this review .
 This could have been an enjoyable movie , I think . The language was awful by Julia -- very unnecessary ! That ruined it for me ... did n't even watch it all the way through ! I like Julia Roberts when her mouth is n't so ugly -- this was terrible !
 This is not a bad DVD . . it actually has 3 decent workouts ... BUT the reason I 'm giving it only two stars is because I felt very misled by it ... The title Precision Pilates would obviously lead the buyer to assume it is a purely `` pilates '' workout . There is not one exercise here that is in the Pilates matwork routine . The moves are all Yoga based with a Pliates influence.I bought this DVD as a supplement to the Pilates book by Brooke Siler ... and was highly disappointed . . ! I would definitley watch this DVD before purchasing it , if possible . . it may provide you with a good workout . . but if its true Pilates matwork exercises you are looking for . . that is NOT what you will find here ...
 This disappointed me . I should mention that I am a beginner , so I was looking for a DVD that would teach the Pilates method . I have read a book about Pilates -LRB- Siles ' -RRB- and I think very highly of this approach to exercise . But I figured that getting a DVD would be better for me -- I could watch the motions `` live '' rather than try to emulate still drawings from a book . This DVD disappointed me because it assumes that you lready know the motions ! She does not start slowly , does not really introduce the moves , but jumps right in , and her pace is quite fast . Perhaps this would be just fine if you already know the motions , but simply being told `` be careful , do n't do this wrong '' does not help a beginner . The motions look great , but they are quite complex , so there are lots of ways a beginner could do them wrong ! She shoud either slow down and actually teach the motions , or market the DVD only to experienced Pilates exercisers . Finally , from what I know about Pilates , the method is about focus , control and precision . The constant background music in this DVD makes me think more of jumpy aerobics instructors and does not inspire focus & precision .
 I consider myself an intermediate level of fitness and am somewhat flexible due to martial arts . I own a lot of workout videos and aside from regular weight/cardio training , I enjoy pilates a bit more than yoga.Somehow this dvd did not work for me . There was a bit too much dancing and other moves and and did not seem to have much pilates . Overall it may be good for those into dance and a more relaxing experience .
 I agree with everything the reviewer from Tucson , AZ United States dated June 24 , 2001 said . That write-up is exactly correct .
 This video contains very little Pilates , it is mostly yoga . I felt very misled by the title . It has a decent workout , but if Pilates is what you 're after you will not find it here . I did yoga for atleast three years and have started doing pilates in the last six months , so I have a pretty good idea of what yoga and pilates are .
 As mentioned in another video review of this series , the quality is extremely poor .
 The workout is good and she 's a great instructor . I appreciate that she 's not spiritual about the yoga too.But , I ca n't play it since I have 2 children . Her top is cut so low it 's a wonder her breasts do n't flop out ! My family and I get exposed enough in public . I do n't need it during my exercising . I would have bought her other workouts but I suspect she has the same wardrobe problems in those also , too bad .
 This was not at all suitible for my elderly mother , and would not recommend it as such . Seniors perhaps but not the ` ELDERLY ' who need somthing simpler and easier to follow .
 My step daughter and I previewed it before I had my 87 year old mother do it . It was really bad . They did not even demonstrate the left and then right side . Instead , they flipped the video for the second side . This is noticable by the words on her t-shirt being backwards ! We turned it off . It 's now sitting in the shelf . I do not recommend it .
 I got this for an 88-year-old friend , but wish I 'd been able to watch a preview first . The demonstrator keeps a weird , fake-looking grin the whole time she 's doing the exercises , and the audio seems to be dubbed in . We hated the music.There are definitely more appealing seated exercise videos available . Be sure to find a site where you can watch a preview before ordering .
 To say this was a pilates DVD is like saying Tai Chi is an aerobic workout . There was n't one single exercise for your core and building core strength . It is a complete waste of money and I would not recommend it to anyone !
 The exercises are pretty good but Miss `` Sunshine '' leaves a lot to be desired . I bought this for my 90-year-old mom who needs chair exercise to keep osteoporosis at bay . She does n't mind doing the exercises , but the faky smile `` Sunshine , '' dressed way too young and scantily for her age , drives Mom nuts -LRB- me , too -RRB- . It also makes Mom mad that it does n't look like Sunshine is really doing what she instructs , like when she talks about deep breathing , she does n't do it . I 'd like to find an exercise video with someone a little more believable .
 I previously wrote a review for this product , and now it 's not listed . I purchased this DVD for my grandparents based on the rave reviews from this site , but now I 'm beginning to think that only the rave reviews are posted & the not so great reviews -LRB- e.g. , my previous review -RRB- are deleted.I was very much disappointed with this DVD . The production quality was very poor -LRB- complete with spelling errors -RRB- and there were very few exercises . The exercises were good , however the reps were much too fast for older individuals . There are better senior exercise DVD 's out there , and I would not recommend this one .
 This CD was a disappointment to me . It was boring . The exercisesare OK but Sunshine continues to smile eerily and breathing cues , which could have been incorporated easily to assist participant , were sacrificed for Sunshine 's continuous smile .
 I was looking for an additional chair exercise video and was very disappointed with this DVD . It was do this then do that . No mention is made of alterations to use if an exercise caused pain or could not be done by the viewer . It 's tagged for rehab & physical therapy but again no explanation of what should/should not be done if you 've had joint surgery or replacement . I would not recommend anyone bother purchasing this DVD .
 The format is silly and the exercises too simple . There will be no build up muscles with these few movements . Good only for someone who has been bed-bound for a year , but not for anyone else , no matter how out of shape one is .
 A very tame collection of scenes involving Miho Nomoto
 How disappointing that a lackluster and dreary cold war spy film should be the final performance of Montgomery Clift . In a brief career of less than 20 films , Clift -LRB- 1920-66 -RRB- was nominated for an Oscar 4 times -LRB- `` Judgment at Nuremberg '' , `` From Here to Eternity '' , `` A Place in the Sun '' , `` The Search '' -RRB- and his performance in `` Judgment '' received nominations for a BAFTA and a Golden Globe . Personally I liked him best in `` Freud '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- and `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , but the truth is that almost all his film roles were great.FWIW - Clift 's health problems , exacerbated by drug and alcohol addiction , resulted in an early death only a few months after finishing this film . He died in July and the film was released in November.In addition to Clift the cast includes Hardy Kruger , Hannes Messemer , David Opatshu , and Roddy McDowellGerman born Hardy Kruger -LRB- 1928 -RRB- appeared in 50 + films , usually as a German -LRB- `` A Bridge too Far '' , `` War and Remembrance '' -RRB- . Roddy McDowell -LRB- 1928-98 -RRB- was nominated for a Golden Globe for `` Cleopatra '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- and was nominated twice for an Emmy , winning for `` Sunday Showcase '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- . He appeared in more than 200 films , usually as a second male lead , and is probably best known for his role as Cornelius/Caesar in `` Planet of the Apes '' -LRB- 1968 , 1972 , 1973 , 1974 -RRB- . He was a good friend of Clift.Hannes Messemer -LRB- 1924-91 -RRB- has a brief role as a physician spy . He 's best known as the Commandant from `` The Great Escape '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- . The direction from Raoul Levy is so poor it might be used to instruct film students . Precious screen time is wasted watching Clift walk down hallways and across grass , and most of the film is shot with a static camera and medium to long shots . Such an approach creates a distance with the film and the characters which serves to undermine the film.FWIW - Levy died shortly after the film premiered.In addition , about 30 minutes into the film there is a `` nightmare '' scene -LRB- if that 's what it is -RRB- that is completely out of sync with the rest of the film . It looks like it came from Clift 's previous film , `` Freud '' . The NY Times ' Bosley Crowther praised the production values - `` strong and striking scenic detail '' ... `` excellent color camera work '' - but criticized the script - `` uneven and sometimes vapid '' ... `` slapdash , loose and mechanical '' . There is really no reason to recommend this film apart from a ghoulish need to see Clift in his final performance . But try to resist the temptation because you 're better off remembering him for all of his other many excellent performances .
 THE DEFECTOR -LRB- 1966 -RRB- Directed by Raoul Levy.Starring Montgomery Clift , Hardy Kruger , David Opatoshu and Roddy McDowall.An American scientist is persuaded to go into East Germany and make contact with a Russian scientist who is passing information to the free world . The Reds know all about it and initiate a counterplan to persuade the scientist to defect to their side . After much aimless wandering about Leipzig and several incomprehensible conversations , someone is run over by a truck and the Cold War goes on . OH THE POINTLESSNESS OF IT ALL ! CA N'T WE JUST GIVE PEACE A CHANCE ??? The 60s is often viewed as a golden age of the espionage film but for that to be the case , the films made would have to be good both aesthetically and morally . Alas while many were relatively well made , almost all of them were cut from the fellow traveler Le Carre/Deighton cloth of the Struggle against Communism merely being a pointless conflict between `` scorpions in a bottle '' with no difference at all between the two sides . However since one side murdered over 100 million people and started endless wars of aggression while the other fought to preserve human freedom , these films -- while pretending to be `` neutral '' while really serving the Communists -- have not aged very well . History has castrated them.Being amoral and dishonest means that the films HAVE TO BE VERY WELL MADE AND MOUNTED to maintain viewer interest if only on the surface level and , if not ... if even the slightest bit unimpressive or just average , they become rather disposable and dull.Such is the case here . The film is sluggishly directed , sloppily edited and inconsistently scripted . There is a plot here but the drama is so badly handled and the suspense so feebly presented that the picture never comes alive . In one scene , Roddy McDowall is dubbed with a baritone American voice ... after we have already had a lengthy scene with him in his regular speaking voice . Almost all of poor Hardy Kruger 's scenes with both Clift and Opatoshu are incomprehensible . Never has such poor dialogue been shoved in the mouths of otherwise fine actors.This was Clift 's last film and he pretty much goes out as he came in ... one of the most inexplicably overrated actors in the history of cinema . All Clift ever played was some sensitive near neurotic who always seemed about to collapse into a hissy fit . He was probably the absolute last actor who should have been cast in an espionage thriller . The actor once again demonstrates just how putrid THE METHOD was . He is not a character here just a collection of little bits and asides ... method tricks in place of a performance . Clift has no screen presence at all and even when he is alone in a room one finds one 's self forgetting he is there and looking at the curtains or the phone . When he is sharing the screen with someone else , it is the other actor who might as well be alone . The only interest one ever has in a Clift performance is whether or not he will get through the film without having another of his famous nervous breakdowns . He dropped dead after this one wrapped.So we have a film in an amoral genre badly produced and put together with a void for the lead.All that said . The film is not horrid . It is not good either . It is something you can stare at for the 1966 location photography , the rest of the cast and an odd bit of dialogue about how , at the center of every communist , there is an anti-Semite . One wonders how it got into the picture . It comes out of nowhere , quickly vanishes never to be touched upon again and yet is the only bit of truth in the picture.See it or not.For an extremely good film about the Cold War in spite of having Clift in the lead , THE BIG LIFT is highly recommended .
 I 'm sory . I know I should not bring `` physical type '' into this -LRB- although , Chris Rock would be the first to slam the way someone else looks -RRB- . But , I ca n't look at him without thinking about mice . He just has that `` rodent look . '' Anyway , when he tells jokes he nervously looks into the camera , as if to say `` ai n't I funny ? '' I watched this video because people told me he was so funny and creative and the comedy was so powerful . Well , he 's no Richard Pryor . He just does n't have the edge that Richard Pryor or Eddie Murphy or Martin Lawrence has . Some people from Saturday Night Live are just not eligible to graduate from comedy school .
 This is my 2nd review in seven years . I bought this because of the almost 5 star rating . I loved volume 1 and thought this would be even better . The only things really funny were the racist toys , Mike Tyson for president -LRB- 10 seconds long ? -RRB- , what not to do when getting pulled over by a cop and the taxi cab confessions . The confessions are a 30 minute video extra ; otherwise this DVD would have nothing on it . It 's a long hour when you hardly laugh . And what happened to Wanda Sykes ?? She was hilarious in the 1st volume . If I had to do this again I 'd buy only volume 1 .
 I had no idea he had a show , and one day I discovered this qand imidiatley bought it because Chris Rock has never disapointed me at all before . For me , his show is a giant letdown . The only times I can remmeber laughing at only the first and last sketches
 This movie is nothing but super crazy christian extremist propaganda . I am 100 % certain that anyone who gave this film five stars has something to do with the film . The movie was n't worth watching for free let alone buying.Basically this kids commits a few very small sins so satan starts messing with his head and tormenting people around him . There is maybe a whole five minutes of the stuff that is suppose to be scary , the rest is just crazy christians preaching about how every little thing is a sin.Candy = sin , rock music = sin , anything about teen pop culture = sin , kissing a girl = sin , a girl talking to a boy alone = sin -LRB- and makes the girl a whore -RRB- . I do n't know why Jesse Eisenberg is on the cover , he 's only about five minutes of the film .
 Jesse Eisenberg does appear in the movie , but not for long . The movie seems to confuse Christian denominational theology . Traditional Catholics do not believe in `` end-time '' signs and prophecy . While they do believe in purgatory , they are not that big into it as they used to be . Tommy is connected to a demon , but we are n't sure how and why . There are a bunch of kids at Christian summer camp which is comical as a comic book is torn up and a Journey CD is the instrument of the devil . Tommy keeps asking the question , `` If God is in control why is there a devil ? '' The priest asks Tommy , `` When did you let sin into your life ? '' Of course masturbation is one of Tommy 's `` gateway '' sins . Who knows where it might lead ... The sex scene consists of two teens -LRB- one a 16 year old virgin `` harlot '' -RRB- dry humping in the dark.I will say I was confused by the ending and the message of the movie . Is this an atheist movie or a movie whose message is that Satan uses long drawn out conversions to create atheists by manifesting himself as a demon ? Does the movie really mean to say Steve Perry is a demon seed , or makes fun of those who do?As a serious Christian movie , I would give it one star . As a movie that makes fun of Christians ... maybe 2 stars.No nudity , or gosh darn swearing . Dry humping , references to rock group `` Journey '' and Spawn comic book . Kids almost eating jelly beans . What I really ca n't believe is the `` R '' rating . As Sara might tweet , `` WTF ? ''
 I 'm not surprised that the other reviews for this movie seem to be split 50/50 as to whether it is pro- or anti-Christian propaganda , but confused that no one seems to have grasped what 's really going on here -- Camp Hell -LRB- I wonder what the working title was ? -RRB- is obviously a serviceable after-school-special-esque issue film about the dangers of extremist Christian doctrine when foisted on the tender minds and hormones of teens -LRB- I suspect the sect that runs the camp was cast as Catholic so as not to draw the rants of the actual Protestant camps that exist in a similar form -RRB- that could n't find release unless the makers agreed to let the releasing company hire editors to sex it up -LRB- and very badly , I might add -RRB- by intercutting laughable demon footage stolen from another movie . Fairly certain all the scenes where possession is discussed , including Eiseberg 's , were shot and edited in in post-production as well.Because of this , nothing about this movie makes a lick of sense . It 's a shame , really , because the lead performances by the teens in camp are strong and the basic message , that religious indoctrination ignores the realities of life , is a solid one.Will add that this movie makes me wonder if Andrew McCarthy was ALWAYS this bad , and no one noticed back in the 80s because everyone was just as jacked up on coke as he seems to be naturally.Anyway ... skip it , unless you enjoy the frustrations of imagining the nightmare that must have been played out between the director , writer , and ham-handed editors .
 The cover is misleading , Jesse Eisenberg , is barely in this film . My assumption based on the rest of the movie is that they blew nearly all their budget on getting Jesse Eisenberg to do a 5 minute shot at the beginning of the film , and a 5 second flashback -LRB- same footage -RRB- , followed by a 15 second shot.The rest of the film was pretty much a train wreck . I kept watching the movie waiting for the `` horror '' . I could have just watched the trailer again , because that 's nearly all of the horror in the film . Well if you do n't count watching the film itself a `` horror '' .
 They put Jesse Eisenberg 's face on the dvd cover to sell it , but he is barely in it . The other actors are great even in the smaller roles , but the problem is that the writer/director is writing several different films , and none of them gets fair treatment . Is this a coming-of-age story , a slasher film set in the camp or woods , or is it an anti-religious or pro-religious treatment ? It is really hard to say , since none of these threads gets picked up and carried anywhere . Will the young man remain with his family even though he loses belief ? What happened to the priest by the end ? Will the young gal ever be seen again ? Why bother showing the bullies in the forest since they do n't have much to do with the story ? What was with the demon visions?Too many things to ponder with no real answers .
 Offensive , preachy , judgemental Christian propaganda disguised as a horror film.Despite the cover , this is not a Jesse Eisenberg movie . Nor does it contain any horror . I was mis-lead , lied to and manipulated . Ironically , something the Devil is very good at doing.I should 've used the $ 3.99 to buy a `` Spawn '' comic book .
 There are a number of things a DVD manufacturer can do to entice a viewer to watch their product . They can pay out the nose for advertising . They can use viral teasers to get people talking . Or they can take a name star that is in a movie made long ago , paste his/her face on the cover and pretend that this is who stars in their film . Such is the case with CAMP HELL.Look at the cover and what do you see ? Jesse Eisenberg front and center . Having risen to star status with the films ZOMBIELAND and THE SOCIAL NETWORK , he has become a marketable commodity . And even though his scenes in this film are perhaps less than 10 minutes tops , its his name and image that will sell the picture . When these sorts of things happen it does n't bode well for what the final product actually is and while this movie does raise some interesting questions , it seems more determined to be a hatchet job than a give and take film concerning religion.The film opens by letting us know that there is an extreme religious group known as the Community . Its members wo n't allow others to leave and if they do so continues to hound them . These few written words depict the group as a cult and the rest of the film continues to do so . Would I join them ? No but then this depiction is as extreme as it can be.We meet the Leary family headed by strict and stern father Michael -LRB- Andrew McCarthy -RRB- and mother Patricia -LRB- Dana Delany -RRB- . Their oldest son Tommy is about to go to church camp . Hitting that golden age of puberty , he is beaten down emotionally and mentally to follow their rules.The camp is a mix of boys and girls that are kept separated but within sight of one another . They mingle during select events . And all the campers are told that it is a sin to simply ogle a member of the opposite sex . Which made me wonder the whole time , if they 're so concerned about them meeting in the dark or getting together then why have them all at the same location during the same week ? Why not boys one week and girls the next ? But then that would n't have led to any confrontations moving the film along.Tommy and his friends joke around , make fun of the slow witted kid and ca n't stand their cabin counselor , a stick in the mud who displays a holier than thou attitude from the start . Given the rules you know that eventually one of these guys is going to break them and since Tommy has a thing for Melissa most bets would land on him . Those best would have paid off if you placed one.At the same time all of this is going on , Tommy is having an inner conflict when it comes to faith . He 's questioning his faith as most teens do at this age . But rather than discuss this conflict , the man in charge , Father Phineus McCallister -LRB- Bruce Davison -RRB- continues to tell the kids to think impure thoughts is a sin and to repent . Masturbation is a constant theme that he talks about and tells them all to avoid . The way these kids behave you know his plea is falling on deaf ears.But Tommy 's case is more than just jitters . There is the possibility that there is a demon determined to possess Tommy . And this demon is not new to Father McCallister . Tah dah ! This is how Eisenberg fits in . Earlier in the film we saw him talking to the good Father from a mental institution , filled with fear for McCallister . Drawing images of black soulless looking creatures they look the same as things Tommy has drawn.And here 's where the interesting part comes into play . As the movie progresses we 're never quite sure if there truly is a demon involved here or if it 's just psychological turmoil inspired by the preaching that is going on . By the end of the film we 're still unsure.While some will think this is a horror film by the looks of the cover , do n't be misled . It 's more a religious film . And the depiction of anyone who believes in God is a negative one . Believers are to be mocked as extremists . Are there such groups ? I do n't doubt it . But this is never the case here and we 're made to believe that this is the norm for fundamentalist Christians rather than the exception . Only those who turn their back on this group seem well adjusted.It does raise some good questions about faith and beliefs but rather than take a route where these are discussed , questioning is forbidden and leads to excommunication . Had they taken that route , perhaps the movie might have offered a better balanced view of beliefs , convinced viewers that there are extremists out there . Instead by painting all with one shade of black , it makes you wonder about the beliefs of those behind the film instead .
 Absolute WORST horror movie that I 've ever seen - do not waste this amount of your life on this movie even if it 's free - I ca n't believe I watched the whole thing waiting for 1 MINUTE of horror - this movie is worse than the lowest budget $ 4000 movie ever made . Ignore the star names - they are in the movie for less than 3 minutes and DO N'T EVEN HAVE NAMES !
 This movie is pure garbage . I was able to take ten naps in the first ten minutes , and -LRB- guess what ! -RRB- the stupid opening music was still playing . Okay , seriously , I did n't watch more than the first five minutes . I wish I could get a refund because this movie SUCKS ! Do n't waste your time ladies and gentlemen -LRB- unless you 're seeking the cure to insomnia -RRB- .
 CAMP HELL is not a horror movie and even though Jesse Eisenberg 's face is featured prominently on the DVD 's cover , he is n't in the movie very much.The film 's focus is on a charismatic Catholic church camp led by a fiercely fundamentalist priest played by Bruce Davison . Will Denton -LRB- from the FRIGHT NIGHT remake -RRB- plays a teenager who lusts after Melissa , a fellow campmate . Of course , this is considered a grave sin and Melissa leaves the camp in shame . Meanwhile , Denton has disturbing dreams involving some kind of demon.CAMP HELL is tedious and quite dull . Based on `` true events '' the movie is talky , preachy and muddled in what it 's trying to say . It 's misleading marketing as a horror movie will certainly disappoint its targeted market . But as a film goes , it 's just horrible .
 More like ` Camp let 's rip people off for a few bucks ' I found no viewing pleasure in this film what so ever , the premise and storyline were boring and had nothing to do with horror and Jesse Eisenberg was barley in it.I kept watching thinking , ok any minute now it has to get better , it never happened.I was also thinking wow , a new slasher flick with Jesse , maybe he owed the producer a favor or something of that nature and it 's going to be good.no way , avoid at all cost , pun intended .
 What the hell did I just watch ? The only scary thing about this film is that there are really religious freaks out there , who are willing to send their kids to camps like this . The producers of this movie must have known how awful it was , because they put a big picture of `` The Social Network Guy , '' Jesse Eisenberg on the cover , and list him as the star , when he 's in the movie for all of 2 minutes . The star is Will Denton , who you may remember from the short lived TV series , Kidnapped . He was pretty good , so was Gossip Girls , Connor Paolo . It 's too bad they did n't have an actual script to work with . It really just blows my mind that things like this get made . No one in their right mind would consider this movie worth their time .
 This movie is clearly ANTI-CHRISTIAN
 I 'm tired of Kino productions that only slap the first negative they find onto DVD format and put it on the market . I know these wo n't sell well , but could you at least try and restore the negative a LITTLE bit ? Ashik Kerib is so blurry at times it 's a disgrace to Parajanov 's memory , not to mention difficult to watch . The gaudy green title cards in English that look like they were done as a junior high computer class project are also worth singling out for criticism.No special features , nothing . Oh , and the irremovable , burned-onto-the-negative subtitles are simply inexcusable in this day and age of DVD production.Ironically , the only way to tell Kino that you want them to work harder on their releases is by buying this.There is , however , an alternative . Ruscico , the Russian Cinema Council , has put both of these wonderful films on DVD at a reasonable price , with a clear , sharp , restored negative that puts Kino 's release to utter shame , and REMOVABLE subtitles!Search for it online . The only drawback is the unremovable russian voice-over on the Legend of Surami Fortress DVD . Otherwise , skip the Kino , and get those . These beautiful films are worth it .
 Item I received was a DVD , not an audio CD as advertised . I returned it .
 I thought this one might be kind of cool , with a beautiful female Zorro instead of the usual male . The casting was alright , but such horrible writing ! Of course , with Surrender Cinema producing it I knew they 'd be taking an erotic angle , which would have been fine if only they 'd succeeded at it . But no , this one is bland and uninteresting . The worst part was their attempt at a girl-girl scene . It started just fine , but then it 's almost like they lost interest and it fizzled away to nothing . Just like the video itself . A waste of time and money !
 This review applies only to the Good Times Video DVD and its VHS counterpart in the `` Happy Trails Theatre '' series . The rating applies to the DVD , not the movie itself.OUT CALIFORNIA WAY -LRB- Republic Pictures , 1946 -RRB- is a singing cowboy western starring Monte Hale in which Roy Rogers and Dale Evans make a brief cameo appearance . It was filmed in TruColor , a primitive color process that today has a certain antique-looking charm . It is the first of 19 TruColor pictures that Roy and Dale appeared in . The film is preceded by the statement `` This vintage material has been preserved on DVD in its original form , using the best available elements . '' That statement is false . The evidence is the transfer itself . Although the DVD is in TruColor and boasts one of Good Times Video 's better transfers , the picture quality is dim , muddy , blurry , and appears to be sourced from a dirty , damaged and heavily-used 16mm dupe.According to the cover art , the film runs 65 minutes . Another false statement . The AFI database and imdb list the correct length at 67 minutes . The actual length of the film on this DVD is 53 minutes , meaning 14 minutes are hacked out of the film , causing distracting jumps in sound and picture , and rendering the continuity senseless . Republic routinely cut their singing cowboy films to 53 minutes for sale to television in the mid-1950s , supplying the networks with hastily developed 16mm dupes shortened to fill an hour-long time slot that also had 7 minutes of commercials . Obviously , Good Times Video transferred the inferior television version to DVD and its VHS counterpart . Hardly `` preserved in its original form from the best available elements '' while clean , sharp 35mm elements remain carefully preserved in Republic Pictures ' vaults . The fact that this was done with the approval and participation of the Roy Rogers Family Trust -LRB- his heirs -RRB- makes it all the more sad for the fans.There is no option on the DVD menu to watch `` Happy Trails Theatre '' apart from the film . This nostalgic chat between Roy , Dale and Iron Eyes Cody , videotaped in the late 1980s starts automatically when you push `` play movie . '' It is used to pad out the running time of the film and to give the misleading impression that Roy Rogers endorses the inferior transfer.The entire `` Happy Trails Theatre '' series on Good Times Video consists of cut films and hideous transfers . The series is not up to professional standards . Roy Rogers deserves better , and so do his fans who shell out their hard-earned money . Nothing can destroy the enduring legacy of a star and a role model more effectively than disseminating a product that undermines the quality of his work and makes him look like a cheat .
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 lem me start of by saying i was reeally dissapointed with this documentary . having fast forwarded practically all of the video because of the bore . only good reason to own this dvd is because of some unreleased art work from the band AND the music videos that is in it `` sexy boy '' , `` kelly watch the stars '' , `` all i need '' , and `` le soleil est pres de moi '' . the music videos are really entertaining to watch . Fav . video `` all i need '' . besides that the documentary really bites . everytime the band would be in an interview all u ever got to hear was the reporters questions and thats it , the video would cut off to another scene as soon as the french duo would open their mouths , questions that i was really interested in knowing the answers . besides that theres that annoying camera thats always panning left to right in practically every scene -LRB- it goes so far to the left and right that u see the walls 75 percent of the time and of the band 25 -RRB- you get practically no info on the the band , and when it was over i was still in the same place as when i put the dvd in . i absolutely love AIR but this documentary doesnt do it justice . Good only for the videos and art work .
 This video 's pretty old but I thought I 'd contribute a review of it anyway ... Being a big fan of Air 's music and videos , I was really looking forward to something special with this video but it really is the most boring bag of rubbish I 've ever payed money for.It 's so disappointing.All it seems to be about is the Air boys dossing around with their mates `` Phoenix '' and Beck 's backing band ... It 's such a ridiculous idea to just simply release this `` documentary '' when they really should have made it as a supplement to the full concert . ... In terms of music , all we are `` treated '' to are some short clips of them performing live but not enough to make it interesting ... But it does have two redeeming features which is possibly worth the price of buying the video
 And boy am I bitter . Were the makers of this documentary trying to make some profound statement about the differences between America and Europe ? How long does it stay entertaining to know that most people have n't heard of Air ? Could they not have injected the band members with drugs -LRB- stimulants , preferably -RRB- and given us something more interesting to watch than each of them staring blankly , in turn , into the camera for thirty seconds ? Could they not PRETEND to have some entertaining quirks or know some interesting stories ? Since Air is largely souped up easy listening , could n't they have played some music in the background more than just one song at the beginning ? All right , I 'll admit , the scene where they walked through the hotel , knocked on their door , and walked inside was riveting -LSB- sic -RSB- , but it did n't add to the `` continuity '' . My fellow viewers -LRB- owners of the tape -RRB- decided to rewind before the credits finished , and I am left with the feeling of having squandered much more than an hour . This failed even from the `` get to know more about them '' angle ; it revealed squat , and one could have read everything ever printed about them in the span of this ploy .
 This is not an exciting video to watch - quite the contrary
 Me being a die hard AIR fanatic I decided to purchase this documentary despite the bad ratings . I did n't learn anything about AIR on neither a musical nor personal level . This is probably the worst documentary I have ever seen . Terribly disappointing .
 This is by far the worst band `` documentary '' I 've ever seen , and I 've seen many . A documentary covering a band on tour could be A -RRB- amusing , B -RRB- informative , C -RRB- silly , D -RRB- wild and crazy , or any combination of the above . What it should n't be is frightfully dull . Granted , Air is not a rock band and throwing furniture out the hotel room window is not something you 're going to see , but there 's so much standing around watching air waiting . The title does not lie
 I purchased this DVD with high expectations of seeing the band perfoming Moon Safari live . While there is some footage of the live performance , its no where near what you 'd expect . The title is correct , this is more of a documentary than about the band playing music . A little of the documentary style would have been fine , but when the entire DVD is full of people talking about how great the band is and , well , it just gets old . Like others , I would have much preferred to see the band performing live and less of the filler . I wanted to see how they were going to create the vocals , and what types of instruments they used.The music videos on the DVD are the only reason I keep it . I prefer the remix of Kelly Watch the Stars on the DVD , its a bit different from the version on Moon Safari .
 I do love films of this genre just as much as I abhorr pornographic films - this genre , when well done , is for a man of my tastes the most stimulating thing there is . But this film ? My my , what a botched thing.Plot
 Terrible directing , visuals , and everything you can imagine . Not worth a dime . Story is ludicrous and the actors do their best , but what can you do with this terrible material . No nudity , the actors do n't kiss , and everything is faked . Everyone was turning in a `` performance '' - if you could call it that - for the paycheck . And no wonder . There is more sex and graphics on television than in this yucky pile of ... Yes , sometimes the actors are partially nude , but you really do n't see anything at all - and who cares by the way - but everything looks so fake you ca n't believe it . No one kisses at all . Not sure how this is considered soft anything . Yes , everyone involved probably got paid -- but for your sake , do n't even bother . Unfortunately , it 's not even worth a laugh . There are n't any .
 Good picture and sound quality , good packaging , but the rests are n't so .
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 The first two seasons of `` The Dead Zone '' were terrific ; the third season was uneven , but still pretty good . However , with the fourth season , the series seems to have descended into tedium . The writers do n't seem to have any real interest in going anywhere with the Stillson/Armageddon story arc -- though there are several episodes that deal with that storyline , they do very little to advance it . At the same time , almost all of the stand-alone episodes are poorly conceived , poorly written , and even -- I was shocked by this -- poorly acted . Anthony Michael Hall , who was so deeply excellent on this show 's first three seasons , seems in many of these episodes to be playing Johnny as a comic figure , whereas by all rights , he ought to be turning into an almost tragic figure.Want proof ? Check out `` A Very Dead Zone Christmas , '' which is not merely a bad episode of `` The Dead Zone '' ... it is probably one of the worst hours of television I have ever seen . Unredeemably , unbelievably awful , and it could not be further in tone from the rest of the series . Whoever thought this episode would be a good idea ought to have their paycheck taken away.On the other hand , there 's `` Double Vision , '' co-starring the excellent Jennifer Finnigan as a psychic whom Johnny bumps into . This is a very good episode , but it is not enough to redeem a thoroughly lousy seasons.Buy it if you 're a completist , like me . Otherwise , you may be very disappointed .
 I enjoyed this series for the first 3 seasons . Some of the acting and character writing was a bit weak , but the sci-fi ideas surrounding Johnny 's psychic powers were interesting and well-executed . The first episode of this season has to be watched , and was probably mostly written and maybe even filmed along with the prior season . *** Spoiler AlertAfter that , the Dead Zone goes downhill fast . When Johnny threw away his cane , the writers threw away the interesting future-feedback device and slacked off that whole storyline . When he and Rebecca threw each other and their relationship away , without reason or motivation , the writers threw away all respect for the audience 's intelligence.After that , the show becomes a shallow anecdote of the week affair , and the writing keeps getting dumber . An interesting new psychic love interest develops , and they throw that away too . How can I get on board with a world where people are walking away from potential dream lovers without any explanation , presumably to go live by themselves in a hotel somewhere ? This is a world where people just trash amazing opportunities every day ... just because ? *** End SpoilerMy impression is that some drastic change happened with the production and/or writing . The character writing was n't that great in the first 3 seasons , but at least the series had the balls to try challenging serial story lines . Starting here , the series becomes the kind of lame , intelligence-insulting commercial TV show that I try hard to avoid .
 If you are a fan of Full Moon movies , or of the Night of the Demons series then this should be right up your alley . But if you have the choice between video and DVD , pick up the video instead . The packaging for this states that the extras include 40 Full Moon trailers , 2 theatrical trailers -LRB- funny since this movie was direct to video -RRB- , Cast info , and a Featurette
 B and low budget horror is typically my favorite genre . A movie can be a great movie despite its budget ; any movie , regardless of budget , must achieve certain qualities to be a good movie . Good acting , good camera work , etc , all must be there , and are certainly attainable with low budget equipment . Unfortunately , this movie does n't achieve any of those elements . I will say this is by no means the worst horror film I 've seen , as it offers some redeeming qualities . It just does n't present anything compelling ; the acting is mostly very weak , and the story development is way too slow . None of this is especially annoyingly bad , but it is n't enough to overcome the terrible special effects . The `` horror '' parts are simply awful . There 's a scene of a witch stabbing people who have to be standing 20 ' away . Again , not the worst I 've seen , but definitely in the bottom 20 % of my viewing experiences .
 The movie had a somewhat interesting begining . An entire group of people are invited to an old haunted mansion by a witch with a desire for revenge . Revenge for her ancestors which were killed by you guessed it the ancentors of the visitors . The movie had a classic horror film feel to it . One it took place in a haunted , or supposidly haunted mansion . Two the story was one featured in many classic horror films -LRB- a witch who is killed during the puritan era is back to inflict revenge . -RRB- There were things about the film I did find interesting . One was the odd way some of the scenes were shot . This reminded me of the classic episodes of the batman televion series were the camera would lean slightly in one direction . I thought the protagonist character who was an applied science major was somewhat original in comparision to the sterotypical stoners who accompany him to the mansion . There acting was sub par and laughable at times . -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- The antagonist -LRB- the girl who bring her evil withc ancenstor back to life was an alright actress who at times does a decent job added to the film . The costumes of makeup were actually done well , especially the makeup of the lead resurrected witch . In spite of it positives witchouse falls flat because of bad acting and mediocre writing .
 This movie had no redeeming qualities . It started horrible and ended horrible . The acting was comical , but not enough to laugh at . I feel very sorry for those poor people.I have never turned off a movie mid way through but this one was close . i am glad it was n't very long because I would n't have lasted .
 But this was just terrible . I do n't think anyone in the cast had ever acted above high school theater and they delivered their lives as if they were being read off cue cards . It was so annoyingly bad that I could not enjoy it as a bad horror film -LRB- and I like bad horror films -RRB- . In a rare switch the squeal Witchouse 2 is much better.I generally always mark down a film that does not have subtitles or closed captions but that is just a given with Full Moon Films.I actually did find subtitle downloads for their movies but I have no idea how to join them to the film on DVD . If anyone knows , please let me know .
 this just another movie , that people make so that the other terrible movies still look good . save your money
 `` Witchhouse '' is an artificial low-budget supposedly horror-comedy hybrid -LRB- plenty of unintentional comedy but zero horror -RRB- which is truly lame and totally ridiculous . In the mold of `` Night Of The Demons '' , `` Witchhouse '' is about a strange girl , Elizabeth , who decides to have a party with some of her carefully selected friends at an old house named Witchhouse . Elizabeth 's ancestors were Satanists and she uses a little witchcraft to conjure up one of her beloved relatives . Plagued by bad make-up , pathetic special effects , horrible acting , a poorly executed plot , and a lifeless and pathetic script , I can say without reservation that `` Withchouse '' is a total zero and a complete utter joke . Maybe a good one for the brain-dead juvenile delinquent in your home , but that 's about it .
 I rented this movie just last week , after the first 30 minutes i realized that i had already seen this before , latenight on cable.One of the worst B movies ive ever seen . Bad acting , bad filming , nothing realy scary .
 Billy Bob what happened ? He plays a similar character as he did in BAD SANTA -LRB- A HILARIOUS MOVIE -RRB- a perverted drunk washup . He was n't bad , but when the rest of the cast is uninspiring over actors it gets ridiculously unbelievable , not entertaining and boring !! Whoever is in charge of casting the kids in this movie are terrible scouts for young talent . What were these kid - actors relatives to the producers ? Yeah I know they are just kids , but this was really bad ... I mean REALLY BAD !! Do n't waste your time !!
 Watching this movie , I had hopes that I would be able to let my 10 year old watch this one ... no chance !!! This movie is vulgar to the point of ridiculousness . Every other word is a cuss word , and it takes away from the whole meaning of the film . People wonder why and where thier kids get the language ... it is not at school anymore ... it is at your local theater !! Terrible ... could have been a fun loving comedy , instead it ended up being a movie that should have been rated R. . for raunchy !!
 movie was ok ... a few funny words from billy bob thornton and some potty mouthed kids ... but ultimately this is the same movie as will ferrell 's `` KICKING AND SCREAMING '' which was alot funnier ... so just decide who u wan na see ... ferrell or thornton . . and go see it
 Billy Bob Thornton is not Walter Matthau.It 's complete crap never buy this useless trash because buying it is like eating crap.Why would I ever want to see it again if I did I must be brainwashed and shot in the brain.This movie is boring , stupid , and a terrible remake of The Bad News Bears starring Walter Matthau and Tatum O'Neal . It is even an insult to the great Bad News Bears In Breaking Training it 's also awesome.This sucks period never ever buy this crappy junk!Believe me and take my great advice .
 The 2005 version of the Bad News Bears is the same story as the 1976 version , but it is far from the same movie.The 1976 movie is a classic . The late Walther Matthau was perfectly cast as the lovable boozer , coach Buttermaker . Tatum O'Neil , who already had an Academy Award in her trophy case , brought comedy and tenderness to the movie as the tenacious , yet emotionally fragile pitcher , Amanda . While the movie was hilarious and a great social commentary on an American institution , it was the tender relationship between Matthau and O'Neal that made the movie work.The remake is commendable for staying so true to the original ; the few differences include an updated demographic mix of players and updated scenes - skateboard parks replaced pool halls and Hooters replaced Pizza Hut.Despite the fidelity to the original , the remake fouls classic lines and the relationship between Amanda and Buttermaker strikes out . The cast of the remake turns in a minor league performance . Except for Billy Bob Thorton as coach Buttermaker and Greg Kinnear who played the roll of the opposing coach who was originally played by Vic Morrow , the casting was very poor . The modern cast of supporting players whiff on comic timing where the old cast hit homeruns . They seem as poorly coached on the set as their characters did on the field.Billy Bob Thorton is the only actor of this generation that could even attempt to follow in Matthau 's cleats . And while Thorton does a good job putting his own touches on Buttermaker , his acting often seems uninspired and does n't generate the sympathy that one felt for Mathau 's portrayal . Nevertheless , it is his performance that makes the movie tolerable . His best scenes are with Kinnear.The original 's score of classical music provided a subtle backdrop for the crass comedy . The remake uses the classical music too sparingly . The entire juxtaposition of innocence and vulgarity that worked so well in the original is also out of whack.As far as remakes go , the 2005 version is average , but it is no substitute for original . Billy Bob Thorton fans will definitely want to watch it , but anyone else should sit this one out .
 ... because so many performances are phoned in . Which is surprising because Greg Kinnear and Billy Bob Thorton are Oscar-nominated actors . Yet somehow , they never transcend being Greg Kinnear and Billy Bob Thorton acting in a lame remake of Bad News Bears . And unfortunately the kid actors do nothing to distiguish themselves either.At no point in this movie does anything feel even remotely realistic . The baseball games , the dialogue , the interactions between the kids , the relationships between the characters , the `` brawl '' scenes ... it all feels staged and scripted . It 's almost like the filmmakers felt like it was enough just to have the character spout vulgarities and constantly bicker . That miscalculation leaves a very empty movie in its wake.I went in hoping director Richard Linklater could again capture lightning in a bottle , like he did in the excellent School of Rock . Now I understand that the success of that movie was more a result of Jack Black 's tremendous performance , rather than anything Linklater did . Though those child actors were light years ahead of what is on display here.Normally , Bad News Bears would be remarkable for it 's mediocrity , it 's phoniness and sub-par performances . However , it has the good fortune -LRB- and us , the bad fortune -RRB- of being released in close proximity to `` Kicking a Screaming , '' the Will Ferrell kid-soccer vehicle that is equal in its inaneness.Planet Earth was a better place before either of these films was released .
 There was nothing on so I decided to watch this piece of crap movie . No wonder kids nowadays are so stupid and bratty , their parents let them watch and act like the ones on this movie ... and celebrating at a certain ` adult ' / desperate mens restaurant with kids ? Come on ! I cant believe how many people thought this movie was good , or even OK . Its garbage and shows how low society is falling .
 I could have hibernated through this movie . You would think any movie with Billy Bob Thornton would at least be fun to watch just because he is in it playing the liquored up loser Coach Morris Buttermaker . I was disappointed . It was a listless movie with everyone just going though the moves . Or it sure felt that way to me . And I could n't root for any of those kids . None of them had a little spark of charisma.Avoid this remake and see the original with Walter Matthau . This version struck out with me .
 This lackluster remake of the much-loved 1976 Walter Matthau movie does n't bring much new to the table . Retired minor league pitcher Morris Buttermaker -LRB- Billy Bob Thornton -RRB- played 2/3 of an inning in the majors , at a time `` long ago and far away , '' and describes his current situation like so
 `` Baseball 's hard . You can love it , but , believe me , it do n't always love you back . It 's kinda like datin ' a German chick . '' - Coach Buttermaker throws some screwball advice to `` The Bad News Bears `` Uneeded , & unwanted remake to the Walter Matthau original.Exterminator by day , Little league coach at dusk , -LRB- drunk 24/7 -RRB- , Morris Buttermaker has the painful duty of coaching a new little league team that gets the nefarious name `` The Bad News Bears '' . There is a lot wrong with this remake & is another shining example of what 's wrong with Hollywood films today.The film lacks any real jokes & the characters are flatter than home base . The film is loaded with offensive stereotypes & is in no way meant to be a family film -LRB- so who should watch this film ? -RRB- . The performances suck . The kids are annoying , Billy Bob tries too hard & over does the smart a.s.s. attitude he had with `` Bad Santa '' . Marcia Gay Harden made me want to pull my eyes out , she was so annoying -LRB- her character is to busy to put a team together so she pays Buttermaker to put one together ? That is what I call one weak plotline , thin , real thin -RRB- . I made the mistake of watching the special features before the film . The director & writers were glad handing each other & patting each other on the back , it was so pathetic.I could go on all day , but , just thinking about this film is making me queasy . Avoid `` The Bad News Bears '' like the Mets home opener .
 I 'll be short . The original was the best . The coach was a slacker and was throughout the movie . In this one Billy Bob seems to try to mimic Walter Matthau and the rest as well . The original was racy and risky . This one at the final game all of a sudden both coaches are mean ? It just did n't work . None of it worked . I like Billy Bob and I was able to finish the movie . But come on . When Joeys mother was like `` I 'm taking Joey home right now '' , was a joke . It just did n't work .
 Probably the worst movie that I 've seen in a very long time . This movie was billed as a kids movie yet it had so much bad language and adult content . Worse scene of the movie was Billy Bob sitting in Hooters with his team singing Cocaine ! The script was bad , the jokes were terrible , the casting was atrocious . Very , very disappointing . The original was much , much better .
 Well the premise is n't anything new . Some grizzled veteran goes in to teach kids what the real spirit of -LRB- insert game here -RRB- is , thus turning them from underdogs into champions . This one has the `` Bad Santa '' twist
 Hollywood really needs to get off the remake bandwagon . This remake was really bad . Despite a few laughs we kept asking , `` Is it over soon ? '' It was painfully obvious these child actors had no previous experience , lots of overacting and not endearing . The continuity was off during the games with fouls and homeruns . Thornton and Kinear have done much better elsewhere . I know I 'm not supposed to compare to other films but really ... stick with the original .
 Squeezed between the remakes of `` War of The Worlds , '' `` Bewitched '' and Willy Wonka and remakes of `` Dukes of Hazzard '' and `` Yours , Mine , and Ours , '' and whatever other remakes are coming out now -LRB- no doubt there will be dozens more before the summer 's over -RRB- , if they 're giving out an Oscar for the millionth remake , and this version of Bad News Bears happens to hit the lucky number , that 's about the only chance it will be remembered for anything.The humor is n't as funny as it 's vulgar , and the many ethnic slurs as inappropriate for children as the obscene jokes . Billy Bobby Thornton now sinking lower than when he trashed Santa Claus last year may signal the one good thing that could come of this - we might not have to see him again . The message of the movie , intended or not , is that if you entrust your children to the supervision of a perverse , irresponsible drunkard , everything will work out fine in the end.There are a couple positives
 I was going to take my young kids to see this `` family '' movie . I was checking the showtimes and saw it was PG-13 ! I thought I 'd better check it out . Now I hear that the coach is inside Hooters and singing `` Cocaine '' , and there is a lot of swearing in the movie . Why ? What is the point ? I guess we 'll have to pass on this one . Maybe we can rent the original instead.Another rant
 This movie was comprised of a stream of dragging scenes of young boys fighting , cursing , and showcasing their unbelievably horrible baseball skills . Nothing deep , nothing profound . Just rowdy kids playing ball.However , there were some sharp one-liners and jokes that made me laugh out loud . Billy Bob does a good job of playing a disillusioned , crass old lech trying to redeem his middle years by assuming the role of a little league baseball coach.If you liked `` A League of Their Own , '' you probably wo n't like this one because this movie is as far away from a chick flick as Liberaci is from being straight .
 As a person who grew up watching the original Bears , I was quite disappointed in the new version of the classic . Not only do I find the movie offensive and unfitting for kids of any age , I was extremely turned off by the constant use of vulgar language and sexual suggestions through out the movie . Its no wonder the kids of today have such problems watching and listening to the over use of swearing in movies now a days . What happened to family movies where the whole family could sit down and enjoy them ? I do n't see where there was the need to have the kids swearing at the coach in pretty much every scene . And the scene with the kid sitting on the bench where the only words readable were `` got laid '' , with him blocking the word `` off '' is necessary . If you want a good movie , do n't get this version .
 Billy Bob Thornton should have been able to knock this film out of the park , but instead He strikes out . this film is boring.the acting is Horrible & does n't hold my attention at all . if it was n't connected to the 70 's classic then I would n't have wasted more than a half of a hour wasting my time on this mess .
 Surely , almost everyone has seen the Walter Matthau-Tatum O'Neal version of `` Bad News Bears . '' It was such a good movie because it essentially brought the `` Little Rascals '' up to speed by introducing vulgar language and behavior into the context of screen-childhood . The kids smoked , cussed , talked about sex , etc. .
 This movie is a far cry from the original.I lost track of how many times the kids and adults in this film swore gratuitiously . Worse yet , when the winning team acknowledges the Bears hard work and achievements , instead of viewers being rewarded with a scene exhibiting good sportsmanship , the film makers decide to have the losing team learn nothing , except how to deliver the film 's seemingly trademark message of `` Kiss my *** '' .
 `` The Bad News Bears '' is yet another remake of an older film that , once again , fails to capture the spirit of the original . Many people have watched the original movie from the 1970 's that starred Walter Matthau in the lead role as Coach Morris Buttermaker and know how entertaining of a film it was , both for young and old alike.This time around , the viewer is treated to Billy Bob Thornton as the head coach of the hapless baseball team and the result this time around is less than stellar . I like Billy Bob Thornton and I can usually find something worthwhile in most of his movies -LRB- typically , his own performance -RRB- . But with `` Bad News Bears '' there is little to cheer about and it pales in comparison to the 1976 original.Much of the basic script for this movie is the same as it was back in the 1970 's but anyone who has seen the older movie would be hard pressed to find much good to say about the remake . First of all , the kids on this team are obnoxious - so much so , that you do n't really care whether they win or lose . Yes , it would be nice to see their young minds get a much needed boost in self - esteem . But the way they act , toward other teams and toward each other , made me feel indifferent . I did n't really care what happened to them as the film progressed.Many people have criticized this comedy for the harsh language used by Thornton and the kids . Yes , there is a good deal of cussing going on and more conservative viewers will not find it amusing at all to hear so many four letter words hurled from the mouths of elementary school kids -LRB- it was given a PG-13 rating because the director wisely decided not to let the kids say `` f-ck '' , even though they say everything else -RRB- . But the truth is , even if you took away the language issue , there is still very little to recommend with this movie . The plot of the movie is simple and it stays simple . There are no surprises and no suspense . It moves along at a decent pace most of the time but there is n't any real chemistry between the performers on the screen to keep it interesting . And there is no character development in this film . Other than the Spanish speaking kid learning how to insult people the American way -LRB- he is taught by Timmy Deters -RRB- , no one in the film really changes at all from beginning to end . They are all the same sorry group of kids and adults.Another thing that is sub par in this movie is the direction . I have seen weaker efforts , but there are some scenes in this movie that had me scratching my head , wondering why on earth the director would have included such a silly scene . One example is when one of the kids leans against the door of Buttermaker 's car while he is driving and falls out . Buttermaker stops the car and finds the kid lying face down in the bushes . The kid does n't respond at first , but eventually does and Buttermaker takes the smiling youngster back to his car . This scene was completely pointless . It did n't foreshadow anything and it had no relationship to any other part of the film . There were other scenes like this one , too , where I could not understand what the director was thinking . It almost seemed like he was in need of filler to reach a specific amount of viewing time and thus proceeded to include meaningless material to fill up space.So let 's see , this movie has bad dialogue , weak acting -LRB- even from Thornton , who should not have played this role -RRB- , and no character development . Is there anything worthwhile about it ? The only thing I can think of that prevents me from giving this film one star is the occasional use of funny one - liners and physical humor . Probably the funniest scene in the film comes when actor Timmy Deters , frustrated that his team ca n't play defense , decides to start tackling base runners as they attempt to get from second to third base . This , and a few humorous lines from Thornton and some of the kids , give it just enough entertainment value to give it a rating slightly better than the bomb that it almost was.Remakes are awfully popular these days and there have been a few that I considered respectable efforts to recapture the spark the made the originals so enjoyable . But others are not so good , and this movie is one of them . `` Bad News Bears '' offers no magic like one would expect in a sports movie . You do n't find yourself cheering for the home team in this movie . The only cheering is the hope that it will end as soon as possible so you can watch the original or view a real sports movie with real entertainment . This is a film to avoid .
 It was nice to reminisce of the good ol' days , when movie making was an actual art . This movie shows a perfect example of how remakes of classics are totally unnecessary , unless they can show off newer animation and technology -LRB- e.g. king kong , war of the worlds , etc. -RRB- . Billy Bob is funny , but thats all this movie offers . Was this movie a remake or a spoof ? The kids acting was horrible , and they are far less cute than the original cast . The bad mouthing and swearing of the kids was not funny , but more annoying than anything . Tatum O'neal was adorable as Amanda , but this new girl looks as if she is being forced into acting and looks like a guy with long hair . Hollywood , should ban all remakes !
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 This movie is so bad it hurts to watch it . With the cast , and John Landis directing , I expected at least modest entertainment , but this movie did n't deliver . Not only does the plot make no sense . . Adrian Paul as the rich ex-boyfriend has n't changed his will to cut out Natass after THREE years ? but it has all these super irritating scenes that look like they are happening ... I am a fan of Adrian Paul , I should have realized when he does n't get mentioned on the jacket that his part was small . . like 45 seconds . My recommendation . . watch an old highlander episode and save your $ .
 I knew this movie was going to be terrible before I bought it , however , I 'll watch anything with Adrian Paul in it . Huge fans of Paul 's will probably do the same . If you 're not a huge fan , I 'd recommend skipping this movie and getting `` Premonition '' instead .
 Susan 's Plan -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , is a movie that draws viewers -LRB- on the onehand -RRB- from the star-drawing power of the European mass mediamagnet Nastassja Kinski , and American actor Billy Zane , as wellas from comedy giant Rob Schneider , talented Lara Flynn Boyle -LRB- the latter reprising a shady role , as seen also in The BigSqueeze , for example -RRB- and Dan Aykroyd -LRB- as a biker hired gun . -RRB- This movie has both ups and downs ; the pro 's comprising thelighter moments also with Dan Aykroyd -LRB- as a biker hired gun -RRB- , thequality filming and sound of the film , with nonsensical elements.The weaker aspects whittle down viewers ' experiences , namely , the many product placements in the movie -LRB- gym machines in TV spots , Nintendo console , answering machine , cell - mobile phone andother modern electronics shown -RRB- which is crudely blatant , lastingoften 2 or 3 minutes at a time - not fitting in the story , Furtherexamples of a weakened experience , is the illogical , chaoticediting , reminiscent of another movie done by NK -LRB- The Hotel NewHampshire -RRB- . For instance , there are 3 , 4 or 5 sequences ofcharacters day-dreaming of gun play , with very graphic , unnecessarilycruel special effects , which is also the case also with the roughbed scene action that -LRB- albeit silly , and comical -RRB- may be offensiveand limit part of a potential audience.In sum , this movie `` works '' passably from the charisma of theactors and quality of the montage , despite all other lesser aspectsalready mentioned . In terms of replay value , there is little .
 I thought with the director and cast that this movie might be worth viewing so I rented it . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ! If there is a plot it is miniscule . The cast must have had overdue mortgage payments to agree to be in this abomination . One sees more useless scenes of the Hollywood sign ; Hollywood landmarks and CA traffic than anything else . Do Not waste time by viewing the film . If someone offers it to you for free , refuse .
 This movies is SO BAD , my true rating would be 5 black holes . It looks like it ought to be good -- John Landis , the actors , but trust me , this would have to get way better to become merely BAD . Think three stooges , with PMS and guns . I got this because I am an Adrian Paul fan ; I know some film work is better than none , but if you too are a fan , save your money and watch some old Highlander episodes . This actually hurt to watch .
 I was going to write a VERY lengthy summation as to why this movie was so bad , but I decided it -LRB- the movie -RRB- is n't worth the time or effort . I 'm not even close to kidding folks ! Suffice it to say that the story had holes in it big enough to drive a tractor trailer through . The movie dragged on and on . On and on . On and on . On and on with little to NO developement plot-wise . The last 30 minutes of the movie was filled with those MEGA-ANNOYING false finishes . You know , the kind where you think the action is real , but someone was only dreaming that particular scenario . Completely irritating . POOR character developement . A cheese-bag ending to end all cheese-bag endings . Someone -LRB- I wo n't tell which character -RRB- gets away clean as an accessory to murder , while everyone else pays . `` Well , so what ? '' you might ask . The thing is , you 're left scratching your head , wondering what made her so damn special . She was just as guilty , and as bad , as everyone else . It made NO SENSE WHATSOEVER.They -LRB- the writers -RRB- should be ashamed of this piece of drivel . For the all star cast they had , a mentally-challenged baboon could have sat in front of a typewriter , randomly hit keys for a week , and came up with a better script.So , in a way , I encourage you to rent it . You have to see it to believe it . The utter wasting of so much acting talent I mean .
 It is both a travesty and an insult not only to the viewers of this comedy -LRB- and I use the term `` comedy '' loosely -RRB- but to the large ensemble of gifted actors in this ill-fated project ! It is a plot that has been so overused and better executed in past comedy movies dealing with the same subject matter ; The wife or husband who wants to gain the significant other 's inheritance by having them `` nixed '' -LRB- usually by hiring someone to do the dirty deed -RRB- . Though , such a subject matter has been used for thriller films as well . Even the bumbling duo who botch up the job in the beginning of this clunker are typical characters found in other movies . The tricks and charades are very much cliche here!The most appalling thing is the enormous ensemble of some of today 's best actors used to carry out this lethargic and boring flick . It is lethargic in the sense that the humor and jokes were lacking in both content and quality -LRB- I know this statement is subjective , but see for yourselves and decide -RRB- with regards to the writing ! When a movie contains Natassja Kinski , Lara Flynn Boyle , Billy Zane , Michael Biehn , Adrian Paul , Dan Aykroyd , etc. , etc. , you expect top performances ; You do get them in this comedy ! However , the material given to them is not something I -LRB- if I were an actor -RRB- would want to have added to my list of credited film roles.Wait until some viewers sit through ending . Can you say MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT ...
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 do not buy this movie if you like good films , period . If you like bad ones , however , you 'll love it . Cliche and unbelieveable from beginning to end .
 While there is some `` campy '' value in seeing Frankie Avalon in a safari pic ... . the failings far out weigh any other value the film may have.This pic includes some actual footage shot in Africa , and the rules about filming animals were much different then . This film contains actual footage of an Elephant being shot in the head and killed.Do NOT buy this movie if you like animals . The scenes will stay with you . Very disturbing .
 very disappointed this is a film from spain very strong accents bought dvd from a u. s. distributor it did not have subtitles in spainsh or english i wasted my money
 I agree with many of the reviewers about the singing . All are correct except Amanda Roocroft . If she does not take care choosing apropriate roles for her voice like her outstanding Fiordiligi -LRB- the best that I have heard and seen , and the best Cosi available -RRB- , she will not last too much time singing . Villaz&oacute;n is good but not as I expected . His tendency to shout the high notes makes unpleasant to listen and watch . In those moments his face almost turns red and looks strained . Dwayne Croft sings and acts great and convincing , the same as Robert Lloyd . I missed as other reviewers a darker chest voice for Eboli , like Shirley Verret , Florence Quivar , Grace Bumbry , Agnes Baltsa or Giulietta Simionato among others . But anyway Violeta Urmana did a good and convincing job.The worse for me , and mostly for that the two stars , is the sound of the DVD . I have listened it in a DTS 5.1 music system , but at moments the voices are hardly heard . Maybe the microphones were not in the correct places because , specially when the singers are back on the stage and the orchestra is playing full , is difficult to listen their voices . With DTS 5.1 as the singers move on the stage normally their voices move too from one speaker to another but this is not noticeable here . Really disappointing sound . If I could , I would have sent back the DVD and ask for a refund . Hopefully soon we will have a new Villazon 's Don Carlo with a better sound and a better Elisabetta . Why not Netrebko ? Her voice permits her to sing what she wants . Patience and hope .
 Gave it a shot just due to Redemption promoting it - but there are other more current films out there if you like the `` Burking '' films -LRB- which I do -RRB- and this is a good example of some old drive-in fare films ... . but will just bore you , really . Just not a film that really would have had a fan or a cult base at any stage and was one of the types that probably -LRB- and ai n't changed much -RRB- only got folks in due to a bit of partial nudity posters and promo art - then figured story development no longer had importance .
 When this was first brought to my attention via Amazon it was touted as the John Landis version . Now , I know that Landis is making a film on the infamous Scottish sickoes - and figured it was released direct to DVD and so ordered this title . Well , Landis ' movie is due for theatrical release sometime next year and I will eagerly look forward to his take on this subject.However , all that having been said , stay away from this movie like the plague . It is absolute crap
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 Was this a comedy , I have a sense of humour ! Or at least I think I do ! What the hell was wrong with the writers when they wrote the film ? They must have just been whacked in the head really hard and they could n't think so they just wrote what they could and left the rest for monkeys to write ! I mean come on ! This movie was hailed by critics ? What the f**k were those critics smoking ? Two Thumbs Up ! F**K ! No laughs ! 0 ! None ! Worst movie I have ever seen ! Everytime I think of this peice of turd I get so angry and start cursing madly ! They found this garbage funny but they hated hilarious films like Scary Movie ! Brain check is in need ! To know that this can pass by as a film makes me wonder ! I bet I could just stand in front of a camera and pick my stupid f**kin' nose for 4 hours and I 'd win a stupid Oscar for best Actor , and Best Picture -LRB- best visuals if I moon them ! -RRB- -LRB- :
 this Movie was like watching a 3rd tier Unknown Cast re-creating `` Coming To America '' Barbershop Scene as a Whole Movie.Ice Cube A Great Rapper but One of the Most Overrated Film Stars & makers in Hollywood Ever IMHO.Cedric The Entertainer was n't that funny to me.I did n't care for those Cheap takes.the film felt like a Bad Sample of Movies I 've seen before in some form or fashion without making much sense to me.the Barbershop is a Happening place but this Mess did n't work at all to me .
 Old age is supposed to mean wisdom . The eldest character in the movie is the one bad mouthing ROSA PARKS . Self respecting ethnic groups , do not put down their fighters who stood up for their race in time of trial and tribulation . Other ethnic groups such as Asians , encourage each other when in school . In this movie , the character that is in school trying to improve himself , is frowned upon . This is behavior typical of ignorant Blacks . We are the only race of people who call learning `` trying to be white '' or `` trying to be better than people '' . Young Blacks found nothing wrong with this movie because Black parents , for whatever reason , do not teach matters of race in the home . This is the movie that showed the world why nobody respects Black people . I hope this is not a surprise to Black people that we are not respected . ROSA PARKS is gone now and is being honored by white people . Now that white people are honoring Rosa , maybe some Blacks will wake up and see why many of us Blacks who think critically , hated this movie .
 I can not believe how horrible this movie was . There was a very mild story line . This movie just goes to show that if you combine a couple of comedians , Platinum-record selling artists and put them in a `` funny '' movie , people like myself will want to see this movie . I was surprised by the acting . Ice Cube can act ! But , that did n't cut it . If you review this as a movie , it 's completely horrible . There is a very thin story line . It 's a 2-hour movie about `` bein ' black '' , `` stealin ' da ATM machine from da Pakistani brotha '' , and `` sellin ' dad 's Barbershop '' . It 's extremely controversial , and barely funny . People who are n't African American will have a very hard time understanding what the people in the barbershop are saying , and on top of that they definitely will not be able to connect . The only person who is mildly funny is the `` wigger '' . If you want some real entertainment , well , you 'd be better off without this .
 I rarely review films but this particular movie has received so much publicity I felt compelled to see it and further motivated to write about it . The movie is set in a Southside Chicago barbershop owned by a typical Ice Cube character who has inherited it -LRB- and its debt -RRB- from his deceased father . Cube decides to sell the shop to the neighborhood loan shark to pursue his true dreams of producing music . Everything after this storyline is predictable &#65533; Cube changes his mind about the sale , the loan shark won &#65533; t return the shop etc. . A parallel story line consist of the slap stick comedy of two characters who drives a truck into a convince store and steals the ATM . This storyline is by far the funniest part of the movie , but its milked so much that it becomes ineffective . Save for the comedic relief offered by the thieves , the movie is nothing more than an continuous display of racial stereotypes which , in a fully racialized American society , is funny to different people for different reasons.The reasons for the objections raised in the media about the movie &#65533; s irreverent commentary on famous African American leaders and causes may have some validity . While I certainly don &#65533; t believe that African American leaders and public figures are beyond comedic reproach , I can understand how the dialogue in the film can be misunderstood . It was clear to me that the entire dialogue on Rosa Parks , O.J. Simpson , etc. was deliberately written into the script to generate publicity . It &#65533; s stated in the movie by one of the characters that &#65533; what I &#65533; m about to say is going to upset some people &#65533; . And upset it did . So the media latches on - newspapers , radio talk shows , the CBS evening news &#65533; there &#65533; s been no end to the discussions on the appropriateness of the remarks made in jest . The result of the media exposure has proven to be very effective in promoting sales -LRB- over $ 40mm so far -RRB- but I don &#65533; t think the movie is worthy of being taken so seriously . Forward thinking , reasonably intelligent people will see the film for what it is , a sometimes-funny movie with poor acting , weak story line and about thirty minutes longer than necessary . Backward thinking , shallow , racist , moviegoers may well see the film as validation of a host of stereotypes that they hold regarding African Americans and the Civil Rights movement . Regardless of the varied opinions of the movie , there &#65533; s one thing I &#65533; m certain of - the film producers are craftier at marketing than they are at filmmaking . Unfortunately the success of their marketing is at the expense of a few highly revered African American historical figures . But such is the case with comedy ... everything &#65533; s funny as long as it &#65533; s happening to someone else . You can wait on the video for this one .
 From `` an African-American woman '' with a sense of humor , intelligience and knowledge of history ; this movie was simply offensive ... !!! Full of -LSB- ... -RSB- stereotypes , unbelievably poor attempts at acting and , where was the humor ??? Do n't waste your time or your money . Unfortunately , this is the type of AA movie that still seems to appeal most to the `` mainstream '' audience . Made by just `` anotha brotha ? '' who has no integrity , and ca n't control his lust for the almighty dollar
 This movie sucks ! I ca n't believe some people actually like this movie ! I mean , a movie about a barber shop , how fun is that gon na be ?! Trust me , do not see this movie , whatever you do , do not see it -LRB- unless you already have -RRB- ! IT SUCKS ! IT IS MY LEAST FAVOURITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME ! I 'm definately not seeing the second one ! NEVER ! NEVER ! NEVER ! I never wan na be this bored again ! I said it was good at first , but I was stupid when I said that!P.S . Did I mention this movie sucked ?
 I could not stop the dvd player fast enough . The movie is a waste of time . I did n't find it funny in any way
 This movie is a complete waste of time.There are absolutely no good moments on here.It is horrible.Do not see this movie.Save your money .
 I may be in the minority on this , but I could care less . Anyway reviews are supposed to be honest and here is mine.I found Barbershop a huge disappointment along with Waiting to Exhale and Soul Food . All three films were hyped up beyond belief but once you watch them your interest deflates faster than a nerf ball . The only and I repeat ONLY reason to watch this for more than five minutes is because of Cedric The Entertainer , the only funny character in the film . With Anthony Anderson along for the ride I expected nonstop laughs . Instead I get the African-American version of National Lampoon 's Barbershop . Ice Cube is good in dramas but he has no business being the lead character in a comedy . Ice Cube is frightening , not funny . He relies on comedy relief from co-stars such as he did in Friday which would have bombed without the hilarious Chris Tucker . There were too many wasted characters . I love Eve but she did n't do anything worth mentioning . Only one woman in the shop and you ca n't give her one funny thing to say ? Ranting about apple juice ... oh yeah that 's funny . Men sitting around talking about black women 's butts ... yeah that 's original to disrespect sisters . NOT ! A big butt woman comes into the shop for men to gawk at ... oh that 's nothing we 've never seen before . YEAH RIGHT ! The funniest part was Cedric 's take on Rosa Parks and we all know the heat Barbershop got from that . With a better lead this would have been very funny and lived up to the hype . Chris Rock or Brian Hooks would have sent this film to the roof with laughter . Ice Cube moped and whined . The funniest line he delivered was about the barbecue , other than that ... he was n't the right man for the part . I applaud Cube 's efforts for trying to recapture the humor of Friday but he was the weakest spot . Also there were too many wasted characters and not enough women . What , sisters need something to relate to too . We 're sick of seeing the same lame jokes put out by black men about our bodies , hair and attitude . Come on , Barbershop I expected something much more intelligent and funny . Cedric saved a sinking ship . If it had n't been for him this movie would have sunk like a dead fish . Watch it if you want to . If you laugh , good for you . If you find something in this that 's original , you deserve a million dollars . If you did n't find Barbershop worth the time and money , you 're not the only one . The Barbershop on my corner is funnier than this . As I watched this one question popped into my head over and over
 While some people still wonder where Waldo might be , others might wonder where and why Ice Cube turned out the way he did . Instead of evolving in music , culture and film he turned his focus onto sophomoric humor and bombastic slapstick with `` we are the world '' dialogue that adds up to nothing but a neo-version of `` Birth of a Nation . '' All the cardboard characters in Barber Shop get crafted into stereotypes that do not add up to much but minimal spurts of bathroom humor . Ice Cube weaves in and out of serious topics about ownership , real-estate , white collar crime and Anglo fantasies but these addressed get re-dressed and celebrated for their errors and mistakes . In my conclusion , there is no redemption to the immoral of the story . Nothing here is worth the price for this dvd . I would suggest Spike Lee 's `` WE CUT HEADS '' film -LRB- 1984 -RRB- as a real , funny , sad , contemplative , sophisticated film that captures the essence that is lacking in this lackey 's flick !
 Marian Marzynski has produced a long and tedious film that not only exhibits a pronounced anti-Polish slant , but fails to inform the viewer about the proper context of the tragic events that took place . A much better and objective source of information about Shtetl life , in my opinion , is Eva Hoffman 's book Shtetl.The content of Marzynski 's film is so strongly Judeocentric that the viewer is almost made to think that nothing happened during WWII except the destruction of Jews . The viewer gets no hint of the fact that Poland , which had fallen to the Nazi German and the Soviet Communist aggression , was to suffer the loss of 3 million gentile lives in the hands of the Germans alone . Not a word is mentioned about the large number of Poles -LRB- and also some Jews -RRB- who had been deported from the Bransk area to horrible deaths in the Soviet gulags , partly the outcome of the large-scale collaboration of local Jews with the Soviets.Marzynski presents other content in a tendentious manner . For instance , a scene depicts anti-Jewish prejudices in the form of a Polish peasant who supposes that Jews have lots of money . The viewer gets no idea of the economic disparities that had arisen between Poles and Jews , partly the result of centuries of a cozy relationship between Jewish merchants and the foreign rulers of Poland after the Partitions . And , of course , no mention is made of the fact that many Jews had equally distorted -LRB- not to mention also negative -RRB- views of Poles as that Polish peasant had of Jews.Marzynski pays a great deal of attention to a small group of Poles who collaborated with the German Nazis against Jews . This completely ignores the fact that Poland had a much lower collaboration rate than most other European countries . Moreover , it ignores the sad fact that the biggest assistants to the Germans in the roundup and sending of Jews to their deaths were none other than the Jewish collaborators-especially the notorious Judenrat.Marzynski presents a scene involving modern Israeli students . Judging by their questions and the tone and content of their anti-Polish accusations , one is struck by their frightful ignorance of basic historical facts . Not only do they have no idea of what Poles went through
 People need to be made aware of history . ` Shtetle ' is Marzynski 's attempt to make us aware of his version of history - obviously a version in which the Polish inhabitants of Bransk are the ` bad guys ' and Jewish inhabitants are the ` good guys ' . I believe that most viewers - inside the US and outside - are above such simplifications . Marzynski 's film insults the viewer by distorting history . History education can and should do without such vain attempts .
 It should have been called `` The Male Booty Movie '' ! Every ten minutes some guy is showing his butt . Either he 's getting busy with a woman or mastering his domain . Do n't get me wrong
 great cast depressing script if you are into stories about sick , messed up people , or just want to be able to say well at least my family really looks normal in comparison , I hated it but I did watch it all . Just not what I watch movies for .
 I &#34; was &#34; a Josh Lucas fan before I made the mistake of renting this . It was complete trash . Josh has some explaining to do .
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 This is VHS to DVD creation that has horrible audio quality . I would n't pay more than what I did for this thing -LRB- 2 dollars -RRB- .
 It 's not DVD quality it 's just VHS Videos on DVD . Awful quality of sound , bad quality of picture . I do n't advice this product .
 The quality of this video is bad . It really looks like somebody video taped the videos off a tv . There is a static line jumping up and down at the bottom of the picture . The case looks like a bootleg dvd . There are a couple of red videos though but if you 're looking for something that you can play in an audio system you 're better off buying them from itunes.G-unit !!!
 From beggining to end i was wincing in pain about how unfunny and stupid the movie was . Maybe I do n't get it because i 'm not latino , but then again i find most latino comedians and actors very funny and entertaining , so it just must be this bag of crap .
 the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known Hollywood cliche in film making.I applaud the effort.the chicks in this Film are Happening Babes Fo SHO.but there ai n't much to the Film but it has some fun to it .
 Chasing Papi is another one of those embarassingly unfunny comedies that people seem to believe just the opposite . This `` film '' contains the ridiculous `` plot '' of a no-acting talent stud of a man who is involved with 3 women at the same time . They all find out and get mad and decide to get revenge . The film has no visual style at all , the situations terribly unbelievable , every joke UNFUNNY , and even at its short running time it gives that uneasy feeling in your stomach that you 'd rather be dead . Do n't rent this waste of time . Please , PLEASE do n't buy it . I work at a video store and I got to see it for free , and I would 've rather watched GIGLI .
 This is the worst film i 've seen in a long , long , long time . As i was sitting through this so called movie waitig for the credits to start , i found myself in mindnumbing agony . So i will not go in to the details of how stupid and just plain unfunny `` Chasing Papi '' actually is , because it would be just to painful -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . I urge anybody who is considering to rent or even buy this `` movie '' not to do so . There are plenty of other stupit comedies out there that do n't make you whant to blow your brains out .
 This is just another proof that Latin American talent is ... in Latin America and not in The USA . Sofia Vergara and Eduardo Velastegui actors ??? The movie itself is nonsense , ridiculous , and plain dumb . Everything evolves around an average looking guy that the director tries to sell to the audience as the most handsome guy on earth , when again he is average ! It 's a shame that people from other cultures have to watch this and they may assume this is the best Latin America cinema has to offer . Want to watch a good Latin American movie ? Then ignore this one and go for `` Amores Perros '' , `` The Crime of Padre Amaro `` Ratas , rateros y ratones '' , or anything from Spain 's Almodovar such as `` Atame '' , `` Talk to Her -LRB- Hable con Ella -RRB- '' , `` All About my mother '' , etc. . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch this `` Chasing nothing '' as it lacks talent and credibility just as Ricky Martin and his quickly forgotten misinterpretation of Latin American music .
 do n't waste your money one of the worst movies I have ever seen no plot , vague story line , just terrible
 Linda Mendoza 's comedy Chasing Papi is light pleasant looking fun without a lot of substance . The film is interesting because it is an entirely Latino effort . The cast as well as the production crew are all Latin.The film follows the life of Thomas Fuentes who finds himself in love with three women in three different cities . There is CiCi the hot blooded Miami waitress who longs to be a dancer ; Lorena the Chicago lawyer who reads poetry and is uncertain of her attractiveness and Patricia the New York debutante trying to break away from her family.The plot develops when all three women show up at Thomas ' home . What follows is a slapstick comedy that finds the women learning who they are and what their heritage means to them.As an empowermrnt film the movie falls short on story . The slapstick elements take over and devices like plot are forgotten , As eye candy all three women are spectacular and large parts of the last third of the film turn into a scream and jiggle fest . But hey that not really a bad thing in this kind of film . All in all its light entertainment and worth a look .
 Though too fluffy and light-weight , ` Chasing Papi ' is not as awful as some opinions might suggest . Produced by none other than 20th Century Fox , one of the major Hollywood studios , it has enough budget to create the colorful looks and joyful soundtracks . Sadly , the film just does n't know the right way to use three surprisingly refreshing Latina-American actresses , and that 's the real problem.Well , but I think the opening chapters are awfully bumpy . Think about this . Thomas is dating three women at the same time ; a Chicago laywer wearing glasses , a street-smart Miani cocktail waitress , and a rich , sheltered , spoiled daughter in New York . Normally , this kind of guy cheating women , well-meaning as he thinks he is , is called Romeo , and I suppose most women would despise him , but because this Romeo , or Thomas , is so irresistible , the three women can not stop thinking about the possibility that SHE is the only one meant for him . I wan na ask whoever gave the green light to this project -- are you living in the 21st century?But to be fair , that is only the introduction , and wait a while . The real point of the film is the ad-hoc coalition to get over the embarrassing situation -LRB- like Thomas fainting and an FBI agent watching it ! -RRB- , which eventually develops to the friendship between them through joining in a beauty pagent or dacing on the stage.The film uses up its tricks pretty early on , and funny moments come very sporadically . In fact , the characters , stories , and gags are all too familiar today , and look exactly dead art , like pie-throwing . With short running time of 80 minutes , the film still looks padded out , and I did n't talk about the ` dream ' sequences -LRB- including that of a chihuahua -RRB- that have nothing to do with the story.As I said , the three leading ladies Roselyn Sanchez , Sofia Vergara , and Jaci Velasquez do act with gusto , and they did admirable job for their characters always remain likeable . And I like Roselyn Sanchez , who has curiously attractive charms like Sandra Bullock , and was the only good thing in terrible film ` Boat Trip . ' I just do n't understand why Hollywood must keep on wasting them in this awful films again and again.Innocuous , fluffy , but that 's not the problem . The problem is that they could think of only hackneyed ideas to fill the 80 minutes . And they used as many as four writers .
 A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad . I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting . I enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen , but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target , I think it 's just a shame.The whole cast was pretty much of Latin America origin , but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight . The plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many .
 The only thing going for this Latina chick flick is the eye-candy appeal of its stars , since the plot is a ludicrous rehash of an old formula . Charming Tomas -LRB- Eduardo Verastegui -RRB- has three girlfriends living in different American cities , who , of course , decide to surprise him all at once , only to discover the existence of the others . Severe lawyer Lorena -LRB- Roselyn Sanchez -RRB- is gorgeous once she removes her glasses , while hot chili Cici -LRB- Sofia Vergara -RRB- understands the power of cleavage . Add pampered rich girl Patricia -LRB- Jaci Velasquez -RRB- , throw in a drug money subplot that brings in yet another beautiful woman -LRB- Lisa Vidal -RRB- as the FBI agent , and you 've got the full range of this silly movie . Its theme of female empowerment is overshadowed by lots of shrieking , running around , and ridiculous plot turns . This is one of those movies I ca n't believe I actually watched.I gave this flick an extra star simply because of the charisma the performers bring to their slender roles . Men wanting a glimpse of these actresses in sexy garb and women looking for a silly women against the world flick wo n't be disappointed - as long as they are n't looking for an interesting plot .
 `` Chasing Papi '' is about a modern day Don Juan who winds up with more than he bargained for in the romance department . Thomas is a young Latino hunk who has three different girlfriends in three different cities . When his paramours finally find out about each other , a round of customary craziness ensues . `` Chasing Papi '' is an attempt to revive those old screwball comedies of the 1930 's and 1940 's , but it fails on virtually every level . It 's almost impossible to believe that it took four writers to come up with a screenplay as lame as the one we have here . Of course one does n't expect rocket science in a film of this type , but even in a screwball comedy a fine line needs to be established between the nonsensical and the stupid - and `` Chasing Papi '' crosses over that line with alarming regularity . It takes a certain rhythm and style to bring off humor in this vein and director Linda Mendoza fails to provide either of those qualities in this production . She has taken a cast of attractive , undeniably talented actors and actresses and forced them to overact so atrociously that any attempt at real humor is virtually eliminated from the very outset . `` Chasing Papi '' relies on maniacal behavior , nonstop blithering and corny reaction shots to achieve its laughs , but the laughs do n't come because the effort is so transparently forced and obvious . In fact after about 15 minutes of watching these stereotypical shenanigans , you 'll find yourself yearning for some much needed wit and subtlety . And an occasional time out for some therapeutic silence would n't hurt either . `` Chasing Papi '' is certainly pretty to look at -LRB- both in its characters and its highly colorful settings -RRB- , but the overall effect of the film is one of annoyance rather than enjoyment .
 After reading the good reviews I went and bought this DVD and after watching it I have to say i 'm very disappointed and completly disagree with those previous reviews . While this DVD does have alot of good features like looping and slow motion playing , it 's missing one of the most important things
 It will take you forever to learn a song from this DVD . You can not see what notes the guy is playing . His fingers block the view of the frets . No TAB or chords provided . The company should at least provide TAB on their web site .
 I got this DVD for Christmas and was exciting to learn some Beatles songs . My excitement quickly turned to frustration . The DVD is only a collection of up close videos of Mike playing his guitar . There is no tab , no music , no descriptions of any kind to tell you how to play any of these songs . I spent an hour trying to tab out the first few measures of Back in the USSR . At tempo or even in slow motion , this was impossible . Ask yourself if you can simply watch someone play and then play yourself without any instruction on what chords or notes to play . When I complained to GuitarSolutions.com , they suggested several books that I could purchase to supplement the DVD . I wish I had just received the books . I would be playing my favorite Beatles tunes by now .
 There is no TAB included !! So , you have to try to figure out the notes and chords by watching them play . This is VERY difficult to do ! And in some places , it is impossible to tell what they are playing . I am a beginner and so I am finding this DVD very frustrating because I am spending most of my time trying to figure out the notes and then writing them down . So , unless you are an expert at learning music simply by watching others play , I would not recommend this DVD .
 The biggest mistake for this movie was using Jules Urich to portray a high school breakdancing phenom.I know it is typical that Hollywood uses twenty-something actors to portray high school kids , but seriously , Jules looks thirty-something and no amount of makeup is going to change that ! Her dancing at times was awkward -LRB- not her fault -RRB- and if she was attempting to have a NYC accent it was hard to tell.No doubt there are definite limitations making a plot line on a movie based on breakdancing . Jules Urich is talented , but misplaced -LRB- age wise -RRB- for the storyline in this movie.There were some really good breakdancers in this movie , but it feels as if they had to be toned down at times to allow Jules to come off as prime . Also the amount of dancing was few and far between.My suggestion to those who want to make a breakdancing movie , take a chance on finding a real teenage -LRB- 14-18 something -RRB- breakdancing phenom that can act . As for Jules , she can dance and act , there must be some action packed movie she would fit in if given the right director -LRB- to direct her -RRB- .
 this movie is a waste of money . i did n't like it . to boring not enough dancing . do n't spend your money on this movie .
 This show is okay ... if you like Pet Shop Boys . Adding a guitar would have made it a ton better , sadly , it comes off as one big dance mix . The 5.1 mix is good , but it could have been so much better with a couple of real instruments . Where are the shows from the mid-late 70s ? Hope something surfaces soon .
 I have other `` drive-in '' tapes from Madacy and am quite happy with them . TRACK OF THE VAMPIRE sounded intriguing , and the price was right . I was all set to lambast this film , until I read the other reviews and was informed that there was footage missing . I love 50 's trash horror , bad acting , etc. , but I was n't prepared to be as bored as I was . I guess I do n't equate bad acting with sleepwalking . And what was with that overlong deal with the dancer on the beach ? Suddenly , it was over . On came a Betty Boop cartoon . I thought OH JOY ! The cartoon was n't even that good , though Ms. Boop showed maximum cleavage and overt sexiness , apparently before she ran into trouble with the Hayes code -LRB- 1932 -RRB- . Surprise ! The second film , NIGHTMARE CASTLE was blessedly interesting . Directed by Allan Gruenewald -LRB- real name
 I usually do n't bother reviewing this kind of film , but after watching Blood Of The Vampire for the first ten minutes I knew I could n't resist . Definitely a candidate for the `` so-bad-it 's - good '' category -LRB- although I still give it only one star -RRB- . A totally and laughably inane and inept Grade Z `` horror '' film -LRB- wonderful irony that an alternate title for this film was Blood Bath , considering there 's no blood at all in this film , except for a few scratches here and there -RRB- - even Ed Wood would have been shaking his head in disbelief ! This is the kind of film that Mystery Science Theater would have had a field day with ; in fact , if you do n't find yourself talking back to the screen then you are probably doing something else while the film is playing as background noise . There 's little continuity , as scenes seem to be thrown together randomly , without one scene having anything necessarily to do with the previous one -LRB- there were two directors and my guess is that each shot separately and then cobbled the pieces together just to have a finished product -RRB- . I know that I should n't be down on a film like this because it does n't make much sense , but come on - a girl is running away from a sinister pursuer and she stops to hop on a carousel that just happens to pop up in the middle of a city ? -LRB- Of course , no one can guess what 's going to happen now ! -RRB- While I am a big fan of black-and-white films , the shoddy production in this film is painful . This one might have at least benefited a bit from the Roger Corman technicolor production values of similar films from this time period
 I was really excited when I read a review stating that this is the best Track of The Vampire has ever looked on home video . This is true , but it 's also missing a fairly substantial amout of footage . The second victims drowning on the beach is missing a chunk , the scene where the Sordi cathes the nightclub act of the stripper is gone , there 's an obvious jump in the scene where one of Sordi 's future victims is researching his history , and the murder of one of the models is also cut short . Add to this some pretty so-so audio and the annoying cartoon Drive-screen that the film starts out in , you may find this release of Track a bit disappointing . That said , that this found it 's way on to DVD at all is something to be grateful for .
 First , let me say that this DVD is itself a nightmare regarding navigation -- there 's a bunch of nonsense right up front -LRB- video clips from the distributor -RRB- and then all manner of old drive-in theater nostalgia and trailers play through . Some of it can be sidestepped but it takes some doing.On to the films , taking * Nightmare Castle * first : This is the USA version of the black-and-white 1965 release of the Italian film that originally ran -LRB- in Italy -RRB- for 104 minutes . Unfortunately some imprudent editing has clearly diminished several of the finer points of the film , shaving my rating down to 4 stars instead of 5 . Normally the American version is 92 minutes but somebody transferred a bad source print in this case and so it 's only 90 . Deduct another star.It 's essentialy a terrific classic horror film , very gothic , and a bit of a psycho-thriller to boot . One big plus is the superb filmscore by none other than Ennio Morricone , -LRB- The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . -RRB- The story
 I 'm a big fan of 80 's animated cartoons . My pet monster has n't aged gracefully-The animation is awful and most of the episodes are poorly constructed . The backgrounds are the only thing the cartoon has going for it -LRB- Nelvana has that problem with most of their cartoons -RRB- . For fans of nostalgia only .
 I thought I was buying the stuffed toy , not DVD 's . There was a picture of the toy sitting on a couch . I already had the DVD . Advertise what your selling .
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 In recent months there have been a whole heap of these sort of DVD 's , and for the most part they have been pretty good . Most have had no speech and just constant footage of planes and weapon systems . This one falls short of the mark . The music is bad , the footage jumps from one thing to another so quickly sometimes that it fails to show the aircraft in detail . That is my biggest complaint for this DVD . They will show a f-16 on a landing approch and just when you can really see the detail they jump to something else . With weapon system shots they jump to a new shot before the explosion has finished . Overall it just does not come up to the standard that the others have been . If you want to get some of these DVD 's then I suggest giving this one a miss and grabbing one of the other ones .
 There is no narration to these DVD 's and much of the images are actually not of the aircraft labeled on screen . In fact , some of the aircraft from the WW2 footage are actually Axis planes despite being labeled American bombers and fighters . The music is campy , repetitive and kludged together . You will gain nothing but buyer 's remorse from the purchase of this DVD set .
 I bought this dvd , expecting to watch both movies . However , my DVD contained only Anatomy of a Psycho . It was an Alpha video dvd -LRB- aka Nina 's Golden Oldies from Narberth PA -RRB- , so I was definitely disappointed to receive one movie instead of two . I already knew what kind of movies to expect , I was disappointed in the product itself .
 These are two short films . Neither has a strong point of view , neither adds very much understanding to how a conductor might interpret Mahler . I got through them as a public service not for any enjoyment . There are much , much better DVDs dealing with the subject of the meaning of music and the conductors art . Save your money , do n't buy this one
 I was disappointed in this film , mainly because of the excessive number and length of the closeups on the conductors ' faces . Also , it would have been helpful to know who was conducting which orchestra . One can guess , I suppose , by the language the conductor uses to address the musicians . It was interesting to see each conductor 's rehearsal technique and to learn more about their attraction to Mahler 's music . But I found the closeups distracting , and it spoiled the film for me .
 I bought this DVD based on the one previous review here and I have to say I 'm disappointed still . In my opinion the prints used do not merit `` pretty good '' status . Maybe The Giant Leeches ; certainly not The Wasp Woman . Compared to my taped-off-TV print , The Giant Leeches appears brighter at first , till you notice that it 's only because the print is far too contrasty . The lighter areas of the picture do n't look too bad , but the shadow detail is completely filled in . The detail of my VHS TV print is actually quite a bit better . The DVD print also shows the usual speckling and minor wear , but no major damage . I could almost live with this disc if the Wasp Woman print was as barely passable as The Giant Leeches , but it 's actually far worse . Besides the usual wear and speckling , the print has this ugly greenish tint to it , besides being quite soft and also very contrasty . At times , areas of white `` bloom , '' creating annoying visual artifacts . -LRB- I cued up my VHS copy , taped off TNT years ago , and it blew the DVD print away in every category . -RRB- Besides the lousy prints used , the final indignity is having the beginning of both features shrunk down inside a stupid cartoon graphic of a drive-in screen . How disrespectful of both the film and intended audience . The cynicism of some of these low-budget DVD producers seems to know no bounds . The other annoying aspect of this disc is that although it is set up to replicate the whole `` two features , cartoons , trailers , etc. '' aspect of a drive-in show , I was unable to get the disc to play the whole program straight through -LRB- it stopped and returned to the menu right before the second feature -RRB- and it appears impossible to get the feature films to play from the beginning without their accompanying trailers playing first -LRB- or having to skip through them -RRB- . All in all , a travesty of the potential of the medium and a waste of money , even at the low price . I have learned my lesson
 The prints used for this DVD are in fair to poor shape , the worse being THE WASP WOMAN . There are scratches and some jerkiness in the framing of the picture . Like another reviewer , I dislike the shrunken screen within a cartoon theater at the beginning of each feature . The trailors are also intrusive at the start of each film . The print used has a heavy green tint . I am unsure as to whether this is original or the result of a chemical breakdown in a poorly maintained copy.THE WASP WOMAN is a typical story from the `` Man Turns into Monster '' genre , although in this case , the victim is a woman . An extract of the royal jelly from wasps restores youth . However , it has the reoccurring side-effect of turning the subject into a killer insect . While this a Roger Corman film , there is little in the way of his famous special effects or outfits . The costume is little more than a woman with a bug mask and hairy gloves . -LRB- The original cover art is deceptive , depicting a gigantic wasp body with a woman 's head . She is holding a bare chested man and one has to wonder whether she means to kiss him or eat him . The wording is meant to tease , but is left totally unrealized in the film
 I bought this dvd , expecting to watch both movies . However , my DVD contained only Anatomy of a Psycho . It was an Alpha video dvd -LRB- aka Nina 's Golden Oldies from Narberth PA -RRB- , so I was definitely disappointed to receive one movie instead of two . I already knew what kind of movies to expect , I was disappointed in the product itself .
 This is a film that will appeal to sad people like myself who think that Jessie Matthews would be wonderful reading a telephone directory ! Sadly it is of poor quality in terms of storyline and acting -LRB- or should I say over-acting -RRB- of most of the cast . A highly unlikely story but the sort that may have appealed to '30s film audiences and a pleasant change from all the blood and gore and gratuitous violence of the modern ` blockbuster ' ! How it can possibly qualify to be released in a series of ` creepy thrillers ' is beyond me , and it only had one song from Jessie!If it is old movies you want , it will keep you going but not leave you fulfilled .
 An ABC News VIDEO , Hosted by Forrest Saywer of DAY ONE , A video version of We Were Soldiers Once And Young which is 25 % Fiction and should ` nt be considerd as history . ABC News takes Jack P. Smith -LRB- coward at LZ ALBANY and of the Vietnam war accoording to the uniform code of military Justice art. 99 -RRB- , of ABC News and Host of ABC NEWS VIDEO `` VIETNAM The Soldiers Story `` Which volume one `` AMBUSH ! THE BATTLE OF THE IA DRANG is a take off of Saywers `` They Were Young and Brave '' and Galloways and Col.Moores `` We Were Soldiers Once And Young '' . Smith does correct some of the mistakes from `` They Were Young and Brave '' BUT !! not all of them . , Galloway -LRB- plegerist -RRB- at U.S.News and World Report and Col.Moore -LRB- had no knowledge of airmobile tatics -RRB- the Battalion Commander of the 1 Battalion 7 cavalry 1 cavalry Division Airmobile , and a select group of veterans back to the battle field of LZ XRAY NOV 14,1965 , LZ ALBANY 17 NOV 1965 . The video a collection of shorts of the 10000 Day War , and Vietnam TV History , video shot during the trip and combat film shot after 5:00 pm when the team arrived at X-RAY . Saywer -LRB- Who caught malira during the trip -RRB- and ABC News trying to bolster Day Ones rating aired `` They Were Young and Brave '' on Jan 10,1994 and June 29,1995 of 1 Hour each , `` Prime Time '' . THINGS WRONG Helicopter being shot down . Helicopter is from village war and the PAVN gunner is from TET , The rest of the mistakes Quoated by Saywer the corrections are Taken from We Were Soldiers Once and young so I 'll put the page and number . Col. Moore did ` nt call in the BROKEN ARROW code , The FAC LT. Charlie W. Hastings did . Page 7 and 149 . The lost Platoon wase ` nt rescued in the morning but in the afternoon at 3:00 pm by Tully 's 2/5 , Page 174 . The combat film team did ` nt get to X-Ray until 5:00 PM they came in with B company of the 2/7 , Capt. Forrest of the 1/5 did ` nt fly in the day before , They walked in with McDades 2/7 . on the way to LZ Abany . The 2 PAVN captured at LZ Albany were ARMED not unarmed page 225 , Jack P. Smiths story dose ` nt match his orignal story from the Saturday Evening Post Jan 28,1967 page 263 when he is used as a sand bag , Smith changed his story when he spoke at the Wall becouse any veteran there would know he was lying.From the post page 82 3rd coloum bottom of page SMITH '' His feet were by my head and his head WAS BETWEEN MY FEET !!!! as you see the hot rounds coulnt hit him in the back !! . BY SP/4 RUSSELL L. ROSS D TROOP 2/7 garry owen -LRB- RECON PLATOON -RRB- loneranger32 , B company 1/511 inf airborne 11 AirAssualt test 90mm Recoilless Rifle antitank gunner , B company 2/8 1st cavalry division Airmobile , the 511 became the 2/8
 Thursday 's ChildThis wonderful made for television movie has long been out of print . The quality of this DVD version is very disappointing . It seems it has been made from an old video copy . The color is poor and the video seems out of focus at times . This could not have been mastered from an original source . Too bad as this is a great movie .
 The quality of the DVD is not very good even though the story is . I just would not recommend anyone to pay this much money for the quality of the DVD .
 The talented Gena Rowlands is , as usual , compelling , and Don Murray , an underestimated old hand , is also worth watching ; however , the quality of the tape -LRB- it 's twenty some years old -RRB- is a detraction , as well as the under par writing . Interesting to see the young Rob Lowe , of course , in one of his first roles . It 's clear he will have a future . With Hallmark , one expects the overly sentimental , but one also should be able to count on a bit better writing . The siblings of Mr. Lowe 's characters are never drawn out , in fact for the first half , it 's unclear who they are . The redeeming features are the three main characters . Sadly , not what I expected .
 I agree with some of the reviewers in that this movie has no real action scenes -LRB- beyond one scene , shot from a far distance , of many lions ganging up to attack an adult giraffe -RRB- . The asking price of $ 3.25 for a new DVD -LRB- on Amazon marketplace -RRB- should have warned me about its quality and customer demand for it , but I went ahead and ordered it anyway . Big mistake ! Better to stick to wildlife movies made by reputed names like National Geographic or BBC.The camera work is shaky at times , the scenes look a little unreal and stilted , the `` plot '' is weak , and there is no real action . Avoid this film .
 Not a whole lot of action and not particularly educational . I was disappointed . From the title you would expect a lot more , but ... If you are looking for something more inspiring , educational , and some great footage try the series `` Predators of the Wild '' . They have at least three videos that are really worth watching .
 This DVD is missing all the action . The predators are seen eating and walking around but not hunting and making a kill . All the crucial action kill scenes are cut out and the DVD is very unexciting and the cover is misleading . They might as wellcall it , `` everything but the predators hunting and killing . '' I am very disappointed at this very short DVD .
 I bought this set based on the fact that it was an all Italian cast , with an Italian producer , conductor etc. . It was a disappointment.First . The sets.Act One . The Polka saloon had a definite Art-Deco feeling , not at all what one expects to see in that area at that time . Minnie enters dressed more of less like a street-walker , wearing flaming red pantyhose opened almost all the way up to her hips.Act Two . Minnie 's `` casetta '' up in the mountain has the same Art-Deco bar with more tapestry hanging here and there.Act Three . We are not in a forest but in some place with enormous bones standing from floor to ceiling . Minnie arrives to save her man wearing an outfit possibly designed by Lady Gaga.The singer look and act alright but the voices of Dess&iacute; and Armiliato often do n't do justice to the music . Further more , the singers keep looking at the conductor.Torre del Lago deserves better .
 This show is okay ... if you like Pet Shop Boys . Adding a guitar would have made it a ton better , sadly , it comes off as one big dance mix . The 5.1 mix is good , but it could have been so much better with a couple of real instruments . Where are the shows from the mid-late 70s ? Hope something surfaces soon .
 All the songs have been edited out in this DVD edition . Amazon.com should have mentioned this in their description of the product . Shame on them for not doing so .
 OK , it did say in the first review that there was an audio only portion , now that I 've read it again . But I did n't get that at first glance.They REALLY mean audio only . So if you 're thinking you 're going to see the troupe perform live on stage . . no ! What you 'll see are photo stills for each piece they perform . Get it , Audio only . So imagine my dismay when I gave my hubby this as a surprise thinking he 'd be so entertained seeing the live performance of his old favorites . I kept thinking I had run the DVD incorrectly but , no , it was a STILL PICTURE WITH WORDS . The bio of the group was informative and fun to see . So buyer beware . `` Everything you know is wrong '' This DVD turns into a CD .
 The blurbs and cover photo are highly misleading . There is no reunion or performance here . An utter disgrace . The manufacturers should be sent to Sumatra in order to be devoured by the Giant Rat who dwells there . Do not waste your cash .
 This is an endearing , odd little film directed by industry workhorse Alex Nicol who died recently at the grand old age of 85 , and who gave himself the role of the grief-struck gardener Mickey in `` Screaming Skull '' . Smart move ; he 's the most interesting character in the flick . I remember being scared by the trailer and even the poster when this movie first came out , but then I was 7 years old and a good , lurid poster could scare the bejayzuss out of me . The movie is cheap , moody , and the spare unadorned settings -LRB- I should think the peacocks and the flowerpots in the greenhouse took up most of the film 's budget -RRB- somehow work to create a sense of jagged paranoia , although you 'd think the new bride would be a tad suspicious that her new hubby ca n't seem to get the electricity turned on in the dark mansion he 's brought her to , and she has to manage with the light of one -LRB- ! -RRB- sputtering candle by which to read her Henry James . And it 's a mark of the movie 's quirkiness that her bedtime reading is Henry James , and not ... well , given the era , Erskine Caldwell ... however , what should at worst be a guilty pleasure and at best a treasured item in your genre DVD collection , is sabotaged by the awful quality of the print . Alpha Video are very hit and miss , for instance their `` Brain that Would n't Die '' and `` Killer Shrews '' are not half bad , quite crisp with good sound , whereas `` Night of the Blood Beast '' is a scratchy splotchy mess , and `` Hercules Unchained '' has great chunks of the movie missing . But if you 're keen to have a copy of some rare items , AV are often acceptable given the attractive packaging and LOW prices . In the case of `` Screaming Skull '' , however , they frankly have a lot of nerve charging ANYTHING for the DVD . The print is speckled and scratched throughout , in places badly damaged , it jumps and hiccups , the tonal quality is non-existent ; contrast so dreadful the whites flare into a screen-bleaching nothingness while the darker tones emerge as charcoal-dark blotches making the whole thing resemble a monochrome Jackson Pollock . At the most viewable moments , the image is a dull degenerated gray . Even more egregious , if that 's possible , is the sound - so muffled that our plucky heroine 's dialogue is unintelligible , you have to grab at a word here and there and try to infer what she might be saying . The male voices - lower register - do survive reasonably intact . Alpha Video really should be ashamed of themselves on this one . They ca n't keep hiding behind `` But look how cheap ! '' , eventually fans will wise up and start demanding refunds . On `` Screaming Skull '' at least , AV should pay us , the eager collecting movie fan public , for taking this dreadful technical travesty off their hands . But hey , I repeat ... the movie is strangely loveable , and hopefully someone will , one day , find a cleaner print .
 I could n't resist . Alpha Video sells a T-shirt with the cover art on the front . Turns out that 's just about the best part . Newlyweds return home to the creepy empty mansion driving a gull-wing mercedes -LRB- one of the highpoints of this movie -RRB- . Very subtle foreshadowing on his lack of funds . Creepy pastor and his wife show up and fawn all over the new wife . Dead first wife in the pond . Creepy portrait , creepy gardener ... the wife is bingo from her parent 's accident and she reads Henry James to put herself to sleep . She gon na die !! Effective scary point in the middle , laughable `` Bride of the Monster '' quality special effect of the skull attacking the husband ... in the pond even ! Only 68 minutes long so it will serve as a great Halloween movie for my attention-span impared children . Other than that ... buy the T-shirt and SAY that you saw the movie .
 I 've got no problem with the film and this Good Times version probably is the best looking version around . However , with the GT logo throughout the film , the disc is a completely worthless ripoff . In full screen .
 When it was first screened `` The Screaming Skull '' came with a guarantee that if the movie has the unintended consequence of scaring you to death , you got a free burial . Just be forewarned that promise is a lot more interesting than the movie itself , which was actor Alex Nicol 's first directing credit -LRB- he plays Mickey -RRB- . Of course this film was given the `` MST3K '' treatment during Season 9 , but the Don , Servo and the gang are not around to help you make it through this boring little horror film either , and you have no one to blame for that but yourself.Eric Whitlock -LRB- John Hudson -RRB- and his wife Jenni -LRB- Peggy Webber -RRB- move into a house where something not very nice happened once upon a time , namely Eric 's first wife Marian died . Creepy Mickey the gardener is hanging around and when creepy things start happening involving a skull the Whitlocks think Mickey is responsible . The problem is that -LRB- a -RRB- none of the creepy things are scary and -LRB- b -RRB- Mickey does not have enough brains left to be doing anything to anybody . But Jenni has a `` nervous condition , '' which allows her to be creeped out quite easily , especially when the local reverend decides that describing Marian 's gruesome death is appropriate dinner conversation . Meanwhile , Mickey is clearly more upset over Marian 's death than Eric , so we are suspicious , but since Webber 's performance as Jenni is so inept we do not care.This movie is 68-minutes long and I am here to tell you that Nicol 's had to really drag it out to make it that long , which is not a good move . The appearance of the skull itself does not help matters and the `` special effects '' are too stupid to even get credit for being hokey . There was some notion of psychology being involved here as a fourth-rate takeoff of `` Rebecca , '' but I think that gets thrown away at the end simply so Nicol can think he has surprised his audience with the finale . The only thing we are surprised about is that we sat through this whole film .
 Warning
 Despite the rather enticing claim to be a `` remastered '' edition , I would think twice before ordering this version . Distributed by Amazon , when I got my DVD it was a 121/2 minute promotional/wedding video ! Amazon did right by me and immediately sent me a replacement copy via FEDEX , but lo and behold , the replacement was the same thing , leading me to believe the entire shipment is flawed . I do n't blame Amazon ; I would lay the blame on A2ZCDS.com 's `` quality control '' department -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . I even contacted A2ZCDS to inform them of this snafu ; I 've yet to hear from them . Oh , well , so much for my dream of a decent copy of this movie !
 I 'm usually a big 50 's sci fi buff so how could I resist such a great title and cover art , right?It was a decent story and well done but there really was n't much to it . Nothing really creative as far as scares or special effects - just the same plastic skull rolling around on the floor over and over . It probably would have played better as a 1/2 hour episode of Night Gallery . For reference purposes on 50 's horror , I prefer House on Haunted Hill or Tingler to this film . Screaming Skull is not bad , just uneventful with a lack of real scares or creativity.One thing to note on the Good Times version - it has a decent transfer , the sound has a hiss and crackle and there is a GoodTimes ` GT ' logo that stays in the bottom corner of the screen the entire picture . I guess GoodTimes will always be lame .
 Yet again , Madacy has gone out of their way to find the worst prints imaginable to sell to the unsuspecting viewing public.The first feature , `` The Screaming Skull '' -LRB- a title that 's given me a headache for decades ! -RRB- , is exceptionally muddy and dark , obviously an extremely poor dub from a several-generations old video source . The second feature on the tape , `` The Werewolf vs. the Vampire Woman '' is pure pan n ' scan from a very scuffed and chopped print . Distortions and color blur are obvious on the edges of the picture.In `` The Screaming Skull '' , young and nervous newy wed is terrorized by a skull , supposedly that of her new hubby 's ex , who died from a crushed skull/drowning in a lilly pond . Grade Z acting all around.While `` The Screaming Skull '' is a classic low-budget horror flick from the 1950 's , `` The Werewolf vs. the Vampire Woman '' is of European 1971 vintage.In this one , two college girls travel to eastern Europe in search of a legendary grave of a lady vampire . They meet up with a spooky guy when the run out of gas . Naturally , he 's a werewolf . Well , with at least one of the two college girls , I 'd be howling at the moon , too.Anyway , they stupidly awaken the lady vampire , and after a bunch of killings , the werewolf and vampire have it out . Obviously the `` director '' was a fan of `` The Six Million Dollar Man '' , because the lady vampires run and jump in slow motion -LRB- not as sexy as it sounds -RRB- . There are hints of breast from time to time , but if there were any naughty scenes originally , they appear to have been cut -LRB- European versions have five to six more minutes then the US drive-in release , which this seems to be -RRB- . I would strongly urge DVD collectors to avoid any of the horror titles in this Madacy set.I gave the disc two stars only because of the interactive menus . They are the only part of the disc that was nicely done , and there is a Popeye cartoon added for `` intermission '' .
 I just thought you would like to know that `` The Screaming Skull '' is a movie that has made an appearance on Mystery Science Theater 3000 , so if you 're looking for a movie of that caliber you will enjoy this one ; however , you might as well buy the MST3K edition and get the humerous commentary that accompanies it . If you 're looking for a `` classic '' horror film I would suggest that you keep searching .
 Ignore some of the folks who gave this five stars . Both the movies and the picture are absolutely horrendous -LRB- but you expected that , did n't you . -RRB- `` Screaming Skull '' and especially `` Werewolf vs. Vampire Woman '' are n't as deliriously so-bad-they 're - good as you 'd hope
 This movie is a let down all the way around . I am a huge fan of old horror movies , but I can not find one good thing to say about this one . The print I attained on DVD is horrible . The picture is choppy , out of frame , shows it 's age , and the sound is muffled and very low . As to the content , the movie drags all the way through , the effects were very poor , and the acting was worse than plan 9 from outer space . I thought they could have done much more with the plot , but chose a cheap route , even for 1958 . To me , it is n't even worth watching for laughs . Should be a dollar store special , but even they have better movies !
 First off , this product is something someone made at their house . They burned a copy of the flick , slapped on a cheap-jack label , and made the cover on their printer . That in itself would n't matter to me if the movie was in pristine shape and looked sharp . Here 's the thing , I tried to play the disk in 3 different NTSC DVD players and none of them will read it . My HD DVD player gave me the error that the disk was n't in DVD format . Nice hu ? And it 's only $ 15 . Ummm No thanks
 The synergy DVD looks like it was shot directly from a projector showing , e.g like a VERY bad VSH tapeToo bad , the creepy film can be quite effective and deserves much betterRating is for product quality only
 This film is not worth the storage room . Everything is as transparent as her night attire . And the film makes no attempt to convolute what little plot there is.Eric Whitlock 's -LRB- John Hudson -RRB- first wife dies and only leaves him the house . His second wife , Jenni -LRB- Peggy Webber -RRB- is a bit richer . Unfortunately she is still alive ; but not for long . You see Jenni is unstable and keeps seeing skulls . They like to scream at her . Now I wonder where the skulls are coming from.The Brain That Would n't Die
 Having seen the absolutely awful Alpha transfer of this movie , I was very happy to find that the Goodtimes DVD is far superior . Certainly it is n't a perfect copy but the picture quality and the sound are much better than the Alpha version . Although there is a GT in the lower right hand corner of the screen throughout , at least you can see and hear this DVD of The Screaming Skull . You certainly ca n't say the same for the Alpha DVD . The meager two stars is because it is n't really a very good movie no matter what the quality of the DVD .
 I ordered this movie from Amazon but there must have been a mix up when the disc was manufactured . The DVD came in the expected sealed container and was appropriately labeled but we got a shock when we sat down on Halloween night to watch the movie . Instead of the quirky spooky movie I remember from childhood , the DVD contained only a 5 minute advertisement for a wedding photographer . Lots of scary pictures of someone 's wedding!I 've tried to report this to Amazon 's customer service but if there 's a phone number on their web site it 's well hidden .
 It 's an old movie ; however , I would have like it if the sound could actually be heard . However , for a 1950 's movie for $ 7.00 what do you expect ?
 Billy Bob what happened ? He plays a similar character as he did in BAD SANTA -LRB- A HILARIOUS MOVIE -RRB- a perverted drunk washup . He was n't bad , but when the rest of the cast is uninspiring over actors it gets ridiculously unbelievable , not entertaining and boring !! Whoever is in charge of casting the kids in this movie are terrible scouts for young talent . What were these kid - actors relatives to the producers ? Yeah I know they are just kids , but this was really bad ... I mean REALLY BAD !! Do n't waste your time !!
 Watching this movie , I had hopes that I would be able to let my 10 year old watch this one ... no chance !!! This movie is vulgar to the point of ridiculousness . Every other word is a cuss word , and it takes away from the whole meaning of the film . People wonder why and where thier kids get the language ... it is not at school anymore ... it is at your local theater !! Terrible ... could have been a fun loving comedy , instead it ended up being a movie that should have been rated R. . for raunchy !!
 movie was ok ... a few funny words from billy bob thornton and some potty mouthed kids ... but ultimately this is the same movie as will ferrell 's `` KICKING AND SCREAMING '' which was alot funnier ... so just decide who u wan na see ... ferrell or thornton . . and go see it
 Billy Bob Thornton is not Walter Matthau.It 's complete crap never buy this useless trash because buying it is like eating crap.Why would I ever want to see it again if I did I must be brainwashed and shot in the brain.This movie is boring , stupid , and a terrible remake of The Bad News Bears starring Walter Matthau and Tatum O'Neal . It is even an insult to the great Bad News Bears In Breaking Training it 's also awesome.This sucks period never ever buy this crappy junk!Believe me and take my great advice .
 This lackluster remake of the much-loved 1976 Walter Matthau movie does n't bring much new to the table . Retired minor league pitcher Morris Buttermaker -LRB- Billy Bob Thornton -RRB- played 2/3 of an inning in the majors , at a time `` long ago and far away , '' and describes his current situation like so
 `` Baseball 's hard . You can love it , but , believe me , it do n't always love you back . It 's kinda like datin ' a German chick . '' - Coach Buttermaker throws some screwball advice to `` The Bad News Bears `` Uneeded , & unwanted remake to the Walter Matthau original.Exterminator by day , Little league coach at dusk , -LRB- drunk 24/7 -RRB- , Morris Buttermaker has the painful duty of coaching a new little league team that gets the nefarious name `` The Bad News Bears '' . There is a lot wrong with this remake & is another shining example of what 's wrong with Hollywood films today.The film lacks any real jokes & the characters are flatter than home base . The film is loaded with offensive stereotypes & is in no way meant to be a family film -LRB- so who should watch this film ? -RRB- . The performances suck . The kids are annoying , Billy Bob tries too hard & over does the smart a.s.s. attitude he had with `` Bad Santa '' . Marcia Gay Harden made me want to pull my eyes out , she was so annoying -LRB- her character is to busy to put a team together so she pays Buttermaker to put one together ? That is what I call one weak plotline , thin , real thin -RRB- . I made the mistake of watching the special features before the film . The director & writers were glad handing each other & patting each other on the back , it was so pathetic.I could go on all day , but , just thinking about this film is making me queasy . Avoid `` The Bad News Bears '' like the Mets home opener .
 The 2005 version of the Bad News Bears is the same story as the 1976 version , but it is far from the same movie.The 1976 movie is a classic . The late Walther Matthau was perfectly cast as the lovable boozer , coach Buttermaker . Tatum O'Neil , who already had an Academy Award in her trophy case , brought comedy and tenderness to the movie as the tenacious , yet emotionally fragile pitcher , Amanda . While the movie was hilarious and a great social commentary on an American institution , it was the tender relationship between Matthau and O'Neal that made the movie work.The remake is commendable for staying so true to the original ; the few differences include an updated demographic mix of players and updated scenes - skateboard parks replaced pool halls and Hooters replaced Pizza Hut.Despite the fidelity to the original , the remake fouls classic lines and the relationship between Amanda and Buttermaker strikes out . The cast of the remake turns in a minor league performance . Except for Billy Bob Thorton as coach Buttermaker and Greg Kinnear who played the roll of the opposing coach who was originally played by Vic Morrow , the casting was very poor . The modern cast of supporting players whiff on comic timing where the old cast hit homeruns . They seem as poorly coached on the set as their characters did on the field.Billy Bob Thorton is the only actor of this generation that could even attempt to follow in Matthau 's cleats . And while Thorton does a good job putting his own touches on Buttermaker , his acting often seems uninspired and does n't generate the sympathy that one felt for Mathau 's portrayal . Nevertheless , it is his performance that makes the movie tolerable . His best scenes are with Kinnear.The original 's score of classical music provided a subtle backdrop for the crass comedy . The remake uses the classical music too sparingly . The entire juxtaposition of innocence and vulgarity that worked so well in the original is also out of whack.As far as remakes go , the 2005 version is average , but it is no substitute for original . Billy Bob Thorton fans will definitely want to watch it , but anyone else should sit this one out .
 ... because so many performances are phoned in . Which is surprising because Greg Kinnear and Billy Bob Thorton are Oscar-nominated actors . Yet somehow , they never transcend being Greg Kinnear and Billy Bob Thorton acting in a lame remake of Bad News Bears . And unfortunately the kid actors do nothing to distiguish themselves either.At no point in this movie does anything feel even remotely realistic . The baseball games , the dialogue , the interactions between the kids , the relationships between the characters , the `` brawl '' scenes ... it all feels staged and scripted . It 's almost like the filmmakers felt like it was enough just to have the character spout vulgarities and constantly bicker . That miscalculation leaves a very empty movie in its wake.I went in hoping director Richard Linklater could again capture lightning in a bottle , like he did in the excellent School of Rock . Now I understand that the success of that movie was more a result of Jack Black 's tremendous performance , rather than anything Linklater did . Though those child actors were light years ahead of what is on display here.Normally , Bad News Bears would be remarkable for it 's mediocrity , it 's phoniness and sub-par performances . However , it has the good fortune -LRB- and us , the bad fortune -RRB- of being released in close proximity to `` Kicking a Screaming , '' the Will Ferrell kid-soccer vehicle that is equal in its inaneness.Planet Earth was a better place before either of these films was released .
 There was nothing on so I decided to watch this piece of crap movie . No wonder kids nowadays are so stupid and bratty , their parents let them watch and act like the ones on this movie ... and celebrating at a certain ` adult ' / desperate mens restaurant with kids ? Come on ! I cant believe how many people thought this movie was good , or even OK . Its garbage and shows how low society is falling .
 I could have hibernated through this movie . You would think any movie with Billy Bob Thornton would at least be fun to watch just because he is in it playing the liquored up loser Coach Morris Buttermaker . I was disappointed . It was a listless movie with everyone just going though the moves . Or it sure felt that way to me . And I could n't root for any of those kids . None of them had a little spark of charisma.Avoid this remake and see the original with Walter Matthau . This version struck out with me .
 Well the premise is n't anything new . Some grizzled veteran goes in to teach kids what the real spirit of -LRB- insert game here -RRB- is , thus turning them from underdogs into champions . This one has the `` Bad Santa '' twist
 Hollywood really needs to get off the remake bandwagon . This remake was really bad . Despite a few laughs we kept asking , `` Is it over soon ? '' It was painfully obvious these child actors had no previous experience , lots of overacting and not endearing . The continuity was off during the games with fouls and homeruns . Thornton and Kinear have done much better elsewhere . I know I 'm not supposed to compare to other films but really ... stick with the original .
 Squeezed between the remakes of `` War of The Worlds , '' `` Bewitched '' and Willy Wonka and remakes of `` Dukes of Hazzard '' and `` Yours , Mine , and Ours , '' and whatever other remakes are coming out now -LRB- no doubt there will be dozens more before the summer 's over -RRB- , if they 're giving out an Oscar for the millionth remake , and this version of Bad News Bears happens to hit the lucky number , that 's about the only chance it will be remembered for anything.The humor is n't as funny as it 's vulgar , and the many ethnic slurs as inappropriate for children as the obscene jokes . Billy Bobby Thornton now sinking lower than when he trashed Santa Claus last year may signal the one good thing that could come of this - we might not have to see him again . The message of the movie , intended or not , is that if you entrust your children to the supervision of a perverse , irresponsible drunkard , everything will work out fine in the end.There are a couple positives
 I was going to take my young kids to see this `` family '' movie . I was checking the showtimes and saw it was PG-13 ! I thought I 'd better check it out . Now I hear that the coach is inside Hooters and singing `` Cocaine '' , and there is a lot of swearing in the movie . Why ? What is the point ? I guess we 'll have to pass on this one . Maybe we can rent the original instead.Another rant
 I 'll be short . The original was the best . The coach was a slacker and was throughout the movie . In this one Billy Bob seems to try to mimic Walter Matthau and the rest as well . The original was racy and risky . This one at the final game all of a sudden both coaches are mean ? It just did n't work . None of it worked . I like Billy Bob and I was able to finish the movie . But come on . When Joeys mother was like `` I 'm taking Joey home right now '' , was a joke . It just did n't work .
 Probably the worst movie that I 've seen in a very long time . This movie was billed as a kids movie yet it had so much bad language and adult content . Worse scene of the movie was Billy Bob sitting in Hooters with his team singing Cocaine ! The script was bad , the jokes were terrible , the casting was atrocious . Very , very disappointing . The original was much , much better .
 As a person who grew up watching the original Bears , I was quite disappointed in the new version of the classic . Not only do I find the movie offensive and unfitting for kids of any age , I was extremely turned off by the constant use of vulgar language and sexual suggestions through out the movie . Its no wonder the kids of today have such problems watching and listening to the over use of swearing in movies now a days . What happened to family movies where the whole family could sit down and enjoy them ? I do n't see where there was the need to have the kids swearing at the coach in pretty much every scene . And the scene with the kid sitting on the bench where the only words readable were `` got laid '' , with him blocking the word `` off '' is necessary . If you want a good movie , do n't get this version .
 Billy Bob Thornton should have been able to knock this film out of the park , but instead He strikes out . this film is boring.the acting is Horrible & does n't hold my attention at all . if it was n't connected to the 70 's classic then I would n't have wasted more than a half of a hour wasting my time on this mess .
 Surely , almost everyone has seen the Walter Matthau-Tatum O'Neal version of `` Bad News Bears . '' It was such a good movie because it essentially brought the `` Little Rascals '' up to speed by introducing vulgar language and behavior into the context of screen-childhood . The kids smoked , cussed , talked about sex , etc. .
 This movie is a far cry from the original.I lost track of how many times the kids and adults in this film swore gratuitiously . Worse yet , when the winning team acknowledges the Bears hard work and achievements , instead of viewers being rewarded with a scene exhibiting good sportsmanship , the film makers decide to have the losing team learn nothing , except how to deliver the film 's seemingly trademark message of `` Kiss my *** '' .
 `` The Bad News Bears '' is yet another remake of an older film that , once again , fails to capture the spirit of the original . Many people have watched the original movie from the 1970 's that starred Walter Matthau in the lead role as Coach Morris Buttermaker and know how entertaining of a film it was , both for young and old alike.This time around , the viewer is treated to Billy Bob Thornton as the head coach of the hapless baseball team and the result this time around is less than stellar . I like Billy Bob Thornton and I can usually find something worthwhile in most of his movies -LRB- typically , his own performance -RRB- . But with `` Bad News Bears '' there is little to cheer about and it pales in comparison to the 1976 original.Much of the basic script for this movie is the same as it was back in the 1970 's but anyone who has seen the older movie would be hard pressed to find much good to say about the remake . First of all , the kids on this team are obnoxious - so much so , that you do n't really care whether they win or lose . Yes , it would be nice to see their young minds get a much needed boost in self - esteem . But the way they act , toward other teams and toward each other , made me feel indifferent . I did n't really care what happened to them as the film progressed.Many people have criticized this comedy for the harsh language used by Thornton and the kids . Yes , there is a good deal of cussing going on and more conservative viewers will not find it amusing at all to hear so many four letter words hurled from the mouths of elementary school kids -LRB- it was given a PG-13 rating because the director wisely decided not to let the kids say `` f-ck '' , even though they say everything else -RRB- . But the truth is , even if you took away the language issue , there is still very little to recommend with this movie . The plot of the movie is simple and it stays simple . There are no surprises and no suspense . It moves along at a decent pace most of the time but there is n't any real chemistry between the performers on the screen to keep it interesting . And there is no character development in this film . Other than the Spanish speaking kid learning how to insult people the American way -LRB- he is taught by Timmy Deters -RRB- , no one in the film really changes at all from beginning to end . They are all the same sorry group of kids and adults.Another thing that is sub par in this movie is the direction . I have seen weaker efforts , but there are some scenes in this movie that had me scratching my head , wondering why on earth the director would have included such a silly scene . One example is when one of the kids leans against the door of Buttermaker 's car while he is driving and falls out . Buttermaker stops the car and finds the kid lying face down in the bushes . The kid does n't respond at first , but eventually does and Buttermaker takes the smiling youngster back to his car . This scene was completely pointless . It did n't foreshadow anything and it had no relationship to any other part of the film . There were other scenes like this one , too , where I could not understand what the director was thinking . It almost seemed like he was in need of filler to reach a specific amount of viewing time and thus proceeded to include meaningless material to fill up space.So let 's see , this movie has bad dialogue , weak acting -LRB- even from Thornton , who should not have played this role -RRB- , and no character development . Is there anything worthwhile about it ? The only thing I can think of that prevents me from giving this film one star is the occasional use of funny one - liners and physical humor . Probably the funniest scene in the film comes when actor Timmy Deters , frustrated that his team ca n't play defense , decides to start tackling base runners as they attempt to get from second to third base . This , and a few humorous lines from Thornton and some of the kids , give it just enough entertainment value to give it a rating slightly better than the bomb that it almost was.Remakes are awfully popular these days and there have been a few that I considered respectable efforts to recapture the spark the made the originals so enjoyable . But others are not so good , and this movie is one of them . `` Bad News Bears '' offers no magic like one would expect in a sports movie . You do n't find yourself cheering for the home team in this movie . The only cheering is the hope that it will end as soon as possible so you can watch the original or view a real sports movie with real entertainment . This is a film to avoid .
 It was nice to reminisce of the good ol' days , when movie making was an actual art . This movie shows a perfect example of how remakes of classics are totally unnecessary , unless they can show off newer animation and technology -LRB- e.g. king kong , war of the worlds , etc. -RRB- . Billy Bob is funny , but thats all this movie offers . Was this movie a remake or a spoof ? The kids acting was horrible , and they are far less cute than the original cast . The bad mouthing and swearing of the kids was not funny , but more annoying than anything . Tatum O'neal was adorable as Amanda , but this new girl looks as if she is being forced into acting and looks like a guy with long hair . Hollywood , should ban all remakes !
 This movie was comprised of a stream of dragging scenes of young boys fighting , cursing , and showcasing their unbelievably horrible baseball skills . Nothing deep , nothing profound . Just rowdy kids playing ball.However , there were some sharp one-liners and jokes that made me laugh out loud . Billy Bob does a good job of playing a disillusioned , crass old lech trying to redeem his middle years by assuming the role of a little league baseball coach.If you liked `` A League of Their Own , '' you probably wo n't like this one because this movie is as far away from a chick flick as Liberaci is from being straight .
 History characters were fun.Good concept.Gotta love Keanu , but the acting was horrible.Movie was better in the 80 's .
 This film was recommended by a fellow teacher for an end of the year reward for my students . Some of them enjoyed it , but I will never watch it again . The dialogue is dated and painful to listen to ... I know it is a parody of the times , but I ca n't imagine ever finding this film enjoyable . Another teacher did ... she enjoys watching it . I truly am surprised she recommended it.I love George Carlin ... he was a redeeming feature for me .
 For those who survived the 80 's , some - like me - will have a particular fondness for this film . Sure it 's dumb , put parts are funny and overall was an enjoyable film to kill some time . Unfortunately it 's transition to DVD format is quite mediocre . A little better than lousy transfer has specks and spots all over the movie , and the only extra provided is a trailer . Buy only if you seriously miss this movie .
 I hope this is just me and my dvd player its a panasonic a150 the same players that many people had trouble with reading dinosaur and scary movie and the kid , those all played fine for me , but this disc does not and it is the second one I tried , so this is a waraning to all people out there make sure there are no problems with certain dvds and players before you buy them . The movie is one of my all time favorites and now i cant watch it and am out ten bucks will atlast its not twenty .
 ... you wo n't find it here . For the longest time , I thought that Reeves was simply playing himself in this movie . It seems as though every role he playing -- including in `` Dangerous Liasons '' carried with it a bit of the `` dude '' mentality that is so pervasive in `` Bill and Ted . '' -LRB- Like , milady , you are so totally beautiful ... -RRB- However , in the years since , we 've seen Keanu tackle roles in `` Speed '' and `` The Matrix '' with great command -- and , happily , sans the `` dude '' dialect.In `` Bill and Ted , '' however , that , like , awesome talk is ever-present from beginning to end . Even so , I set out to enjoy the movie , and was almost accomplishing that when the final sequence came on . I can bear almost anything in movies , but one thing that I ca n't bear is hearing Abraham Lincoln say , `` Party on , dudes ! '' Somehow I just ca n't fathom the great emancipator being on the same wavelength with Bill and Ted . That would likely leave him somewhere near braindead , which is how I felt after enduring this film .
 OK , I know I 'm going to get trashed for this one , but I can not believe this film is a cult classic ! I love stoner films and I can handle the dumbest of dumb when it comes to stuff like this , but this film is really boring with no laughs to be had . The two stars have no chemistry or charisma and considering the premise the film goes absolutely nowhere . I guess the only good to come out of this film was that it obviously inspired Wayne 's World ... which is way funnier than this one ... and the sequel ???! You 've got to be kidding ?!
 It 's the one and only time that I nearly got up and left the theatre - and my ticket was free !! I found it stupid and moronic . How many times can a person hear `` dude '' in one movie ? It shows a skewed view of history , and unfortunately could screw up someone who does n't know the whole story ... . like the first reviewer on this movie .
 I 'm sorry . I just do n't see how people can get this . It 's not funny in the least . The plot is retarded , the acting even more so . It obviously took the main characters no time at all to memorize their lines . `` Heinous , dude , like , excellent ! '' is basically the whole movie . It takes real effort to make a movie this monotonous . For that I applaud the director . The first time i saw it , I thought it would be funny , but I fell asleep . REAL COMEDIC .
 Friends of mine I respect adore this film , so I guess I should judge it on its own terms . It certainly captures a moment in post-modernity when history became a flat nothing , reduced to propaganda for the great project of American amnesia . I 'd like to think the whole thing was sarcastic , never mind subversive . I would n't mind , but they get a relatively good idea and do nothing with it . You 've got all these famous people from history , and you do n't try to see how they 'd spark off each other , or how they 'd genuninely react to ` our ' world . I suppose there is something subversive about taking self-important Great Men -LRB- and token woman who dressed like man -RRB- and making them ridiculous , but that would be satire , and this settles for sniggering . The inane script , thumpable acting and non-existent visual style are meant to be endearing . I guess I 'm old-fashioned - it made me feel violent .
 As I pushed `` play '' on the DVD remote , I warily wondered why a remastered DVD would be accompanied by such poor packaging and shoddy case/DVD artwork . I thought to myself , `` stranger things have happened in the world of B horror movie DVD 's '' . Three minutes later , I stood in front of the garbage can wondering how many sandwiches I could have bought at QuickCheck with the money I just wasted . The DVD was now in the garbage on top of the packaging it just came in and next to the food my kids did n't eat during school lunch . A2Z 's release of this title is absolutely horrible in every single aspect . Everything from the poor quality DVD case , cheap disc case cover artwork , one of the worst picture transfers i have ever seen , and the actual DVD itself-which looks like someone printed the non-playing side artwork at home with one of the first printers ever available . If this is the `` remastered version '' , I would hate to see what they originally had to work with . I have no idea how they can get away with even calling this DVD remastered . If anything , this is the exact opposite of what constitutes a remastered DVD . Save your money and buy a used ex-rental VHS copy , or rent the film and a projector from the library-you 'd be light years ahead of the quality contained on this DVD with either option . This actually rates 0 stars with me . Shame on A2Z which stands as Awful2Zero in my book !
 The picture quality of this movie was terrible.So bad all I could do was throw it away.It was n't worth the $ US14 I paid for it.steer clear of this dvd !
 Apart from the appearance of Joseph Cotton , a bunch of naked women interspersed here and there , and the lovely Rosalba Neri -LRB- aka Sara Bay -RRB- , this film is almost completely worthless . The `` special effects '' are about as special as you or I could cook up in our kitchens , and the music is so loud it 's almost impossible to hear the dialogue . On second thought , that 's not necessarily a flaw for this film.I only watched it because it had Joseph Cotton . Joseph Cotton -LRB- 1905-94 -RRB- was one of the outstanding actors of the 20th Century . He is best known from his films with good friend Orson Welles - `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Magnificent Ambersons '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , `` Journey into Fear '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , `` The Third Man '' and `` Touch of Evil -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . He went on to star in such memorable films as `` Gaslight '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , `` Duel in the Sun '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- and `` Portrait of Jennie '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . As his star declined he began doing a bunch of foreign films and this was one of them.BTW - watch for Mickey Hargitay -LRB- 1926-2006 -RRB- in a small role . Hargitay was married to blonde bombshell Jayne Mansfield and won the `` Mr. Universe '' contest in 1955 . This is the type of film that is so bad some people will think it 's good . It probably belongs on one of those TV shows where they play the film and a moderator pops up to mock it.If you 're looking for Frankenstein films , nothing beats the 1931 original . `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- was almost as good , and `` Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- has a certain charm .
 Fresh out of medical school and eager to prove her abilities as a `` surgeon , '' Dr. Frankenstein 's daughter -LRB- Rosalba Neri -RRB- sets out to build her own monster-to kill the one created by her late father , which is now running amok terrorizing the locals . As if that were n't goofy enough , she decides to construct her monster using the brain of her father 's assistant -LRB- whom she 's just married -RRB- and the body of the hunky village idiot . It 's a movie that could only be made in Italy and only in the '70s . Recommended for Euro-horror fanatics only.The picture and sound quality on this DVD could be better , but I 've definitely seen worse on bargain-priced DVDs like this . The print that was used is scratchy at times , but the colors are still fairly vibrant and sound is generally quite good . All in all , this DVD is a pretty good buy at this price.Two out of five stars .
 A perfectly treacherous VHS -LRB- EP - Extended Play -RRB- tape to dvd transfer . An abject joke.The other lone review on this page to date led me to buy this with reasonable confidence over all the other prints available.The Color is faded to virtually non-existent . A scratchy , grainy picture complemented only by its equally tin can sound mixing quality . The menu is of a sound-less , low resolution , pixilated and rank amateurish design.This edition is absolutely NOT worth the blank media upon which an otherwise intriguing cult classic was heaped and trashed.By the only other version I have to compare , I had previously rented from Netflix their St Clair Vision edition , which is not particularly good . On the other hand , it is far more watchable than this one - better color , much more active and zany menu with several extras , not to mention it offers a double feature -LRB- `` Tormented '' -RRB- , along with trailers and a cartoon intermission , no less.Beware any singularly solitary , over-hyped `` 5 Star '' review -LRB- s -RRB- that might cost you a needless $ and do put it to more promising use elsewhere .
 terrible product and advertised falsely on Amazon . the first review Amazon shows you for this film is for a different DVD package . the film is fine but this `` remastered '' product is no different than the film you get in the Mill Creek 50 pack . Amazon should be sued for using reviews of different products to sell this DVD .
 Oh man is this dumb . Where to begin . Frankenstein 's daughter returns home after completing medical school . She is very interested in his work , but he wants her to have nothing to do with it . Dr. Frankenstein and his assistant create the monster during a thunderstorm . Not thirty seconds after the creature comes to life , it kills the doctor.Now the daughter -LRB- Lady Frankenstein -RRB- wants to build a creature of her own to destroy the creature that killed her father and a couple in the woods . She wants the assistant 's brain and put it in the body of the good looking -LRB- ? -RRB- retarded garden guy.Well she seduces the retard , kills the assistant for his brain and makes her monster . The two fight at the end and everyone dies , including the Lady . Bought it on sale , what can I say ?
 Before you even hit `` play , '' you know you 're getting schlock , but this is good schlock . It 's a variation on the basic Frank theme , but with a few little twists . Joseph Cotten looks completely embarassed most of the time , while Hartigay -LRB- Jayne Mansfield 's ex -RRB- just looks happy to be working . Bay/Neri is actually quite fetching . She 's also an abysmal actor , as is the fellow who plays Marshall . As are , in fact , pretty much everyone in the movie . There are some interesting lab scenes , some nudity , a goofy-looking monster , a few double entendres , bad FX , lotsa murders and a seriously abrupt ending . For this price , you just ca n't go wrong .
 First off , this product is something someone made at their house . They burned a copy of the flick , slapped on a cheap-jack label , and made the cover on their printer . That in itself would n't matter to me if the movie was in pristine shape and looked sharp . Here 's the thing , I tried to play the disk in 3 different NTSC DVD players and none of them will read it . My HD DVD player gave me the error that the disk was n't in DVD format . Nice hu ? And it 's only $ 15 . Ummm No thanks
 The synergy DVD looks like it was shot directly from a projector showing , e.g like a VERY bad VSH tapeToo bad , the creepy film can be quite effective and deserves much betterRating is for product quality only
 This film is not worth the storage room . Everything is as transparent as her night attire . And the film makes no attempt to convolute what little plot there is.Eric Whitlock 's -LRB- John Hudson -RRB- first wife dies and only leaves him the house . His second wife , Jenni -LRB- Peggy Webber -RRB- is a bit richer . Unfortunately she is still alive ; but not for long . You see Jenni is unstable and keeps seeing skulls . They like to scream at her . Now I wonder where the skulls are coming from.The Brain That Would n't Die
 Having seen the absolutely awful Alpha transfer of this movie , I was very happy to find that the Goodtimes DVD is far superior . Certainly it is n't a perfect copy but the picture quality and the sound are much better than the Alpha version . Although there is a GT in the lower right hand corner of the screen throughout , at least you can see and hear this DVD of The Screaming Skull . You certainly ca n't say the same for the Alpha DVD . The meager two stars is because it is n't really a very good movie no matter what the quality of the DVD .
 I ordered this movie from Amazon but there must have been a mix up when the disc was manufactured . The DVD came in the expected sealed container and was appropriately labeled but we got a shock when we sat down on Halloween night to watch the movie . Instead of the quirky spooky movie I remember from childhood , the DVD contained only a 5 minute advertisement for a wedding photographer . Lots of scary pictures of someone 's wedding!I 've tried to report this to Amazon 's customer service but if there 's a phone number on their web site it 's well hidden .
 It 's an old movie ; however , I would have like it if the sound could actually be heard . However , for a 1950 's movie for $ 7.00 what do you expect ?
 I 'm usually a big 50 's sci fi buff so how could I resist such a great title and cover art , right?It was a decent story and well done but there really was n't much to it . Nothing really creative as far as scares or special effects - just the same plastic skull rolling around on the floor over and over . It probably would have played better as a 1/2 hour episode of Night Gallery . For reference purposes on 50 's horror , I prefer House on Haunted Hill or Tingler to this film . Screaming Skull is not bad , just uneventful with a lack of real scares or creativity.One thing to note on the Good Times version - it has a decent transfer , the sound has a hiss and crackle and there is a GoodTimes ` GT ' logo that stays in the bottom corner of the screen the entire picture . I guess GoodTimes will always be lame .
 Yet again , Madacy has gone out of their way to find the worst prints imaginable to sell to the unsuspecting viewing public.The first feature , `` The Screaming Skull '' -LRB- a title that 's given me a headache for decades ! -RRB- , is exceptionally muddy and dark , obviously an extremely poor dub from a several-generations old video source . The second feature on the tape , `` The Werewolf vs. the Vampire Woman '' is pure pan n ' scan from a very scuffed and chopped print . Distortions and color blur are obvious on the edges of the picture.In `` The Screaming Skull '' , young and nervous newy wed is terrorized by a skull , supposedly that of her new hubby 's ex , who died from a crushed skull/drowning in a lilly pond . Grade Z acting all around.While `` The Screaming Skull '' is a classic low-budget horror flick from the 1950 's , `` The Werewolf vs. the Vampire Woman '' is of European 1971 vintage.In this one , two college girls travel to eastern Europe in search of a legendary grave of a lady vampire . They meet up with a spooky guy when the run out of gas . Naturally , he 's a werewolf . Well , with at least one of the two college girls , I 'd be howling at the moon , too.Anyway , they stupidly awaken the lady vampire , and after a bunch of killings , the werewolf and vampire have it out . Obviously the `` director '' was a fan of `` The Six Million Dollar Man '' , because the lady vampires run and jump in slow motion -LRB- not as sexy as it sounds -RRB- . There are hints of breast from time to time , but if there were any naughty scenes originally , they appear to have been cut -LRB- European versions have five to six more minutes then the US drive-in release , which this seems to be -RRB- . I would strongly urge DVD collectors to avoid any of the horror titles in this Madacy set.I gave the disc two stars only because of the interactive menus . They are the only part of the disc that was nicely done , and there is a Popeye cartoon added for `` intermission '' .
 I just thought you would like to know that `` The Screaming Skull '' is a movie that has made an appearance on Mystery Science Theater 3000 , so if you 're looking for a movie of that caliber you will enjoy this one ; however , you might as well buy the MST3K edition and get the humerous commentary that accompanies it . If you 're looking for a `` classic '' horror film I would suggest that you keep searching .
 Ignore some of the folks who gave this five stars . Both the movies and the picture are absolutely horrendous -LRB- but you expected that , did n't you . -RRB- `` Screaming Skull '' and especially `` Werewolf vs. Vampire Woman '' are n't as deliriously so-bad-they 're - good as you 'd hope
 This movie is a let down all the way around . I am a huge fan of old horror movies , but I can not find one good thing to say about this one . The print I attained on DVD is horrible . The picture is choppy , out of frame , shows it 's age , and the sound is muffled and very low . As to the content , the movie drags all the way through , the effects were very poor , and the acting was worse than plan 9 from outer space . I thought they could have done much more with the plot , but chose a cheap route , even for 1958 . To me , it is n't even worth watching for laughs . Should be a dollar store special , but even they have better movies !
 Warning
 Despite the rather enticing claim to be a `` remastered '' edition , I would think twice before ordering this version . Distributed by Amazon , when I got my DVD it was a 121/2 minute promotional/wedding video ! Amazon did right by me and immediately sent me a replacement copy via FEDEX , but lo and behold , the replacement was the same thing , leading me to believe the entire shipment is flawed . I do n't blame Amazon ; I would lay the blame on A2ZCDS.com 's `` quality control '' department -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . I even contacted A2ZCDS to inform them of this snafu ; I 've yet to hear from them . Oh , well , so much for my dream of a decent copy of this movie !
 This is an endearing , odd little film directed by industry workhorse Alex Nicol who died recently at the grand old age of 85 , and who gave himself the role of the grief-struck gardener Mickey in `` Screaming Skull '' . Smart move ; he 's the most interesting character in the flick . I remember being scared by the trailer and even the poster when this movie first came out , but then I was 7 years old and a good , lurid poster could scare the bejayzuss out of me . The movie is cheap , moody , and the spare unadorned settings -LRB- I should think the peacocks and the flowerpots in the greenhouse took up most of the film 's budget -RRB- somehow work to create a sense of jagged paranoia , although you 'd think the new bride would be a tad suspicious that her new hubby ca n't seem to get the electricity turned on in the dark mansion he 's brought her to , and she has to manage with the light of one -LRB- ! -RRB- sputtering candle by which to read her Henry James . And it 's a mark of the movie 's quirkiness that her bedtime reading is Henry James , and not ... well , given the era , Erskine Caldwell ... however , what should at worst be a guilty pleasure and at best a treasured item in your genre DVD collection , is sabotaged by the awful quality of the print . Alpha Video are very hit and miss , for instance their `` Brain that Would n't Die '' and `` Killer Shrews '' are not half bad , quite crisp with good sound , whereas `` Night of the Blood Beast '' is a scratchy splotchy mess , and `` Hercules Unchained '' has great chunks of the movie missing . But if you 're keen to have a copy of some rare items , AV are often acceptable given the attractive packaging and LOW prices . In the case of `` Screaming Skull '' , however , they frankly have a lot of nerve charging ANYTHING for the DVD . The print is speckled and scratched throughout , in places badly damaged , it jumps and hiccups , the tonal quality is non-existent ; contrast so dreadful the whites flare into a screen-bleaching nothingness while the darker tones emerge as charcoal-dark blotches making the whole thing resemble a monochrome Jackson Pollock . At the most viewable moments , the image is a dull degenerated gray . Even more egregious , if that 's possible , is the sound - so muffled that our plucky heroine 's dialogue is unintelligible , you have to grab at a word here and there and try to infer what she might be saying . The male voices - lower register - do survive reasonably intact . Alpha Video really should be ashamed of themselves on this one . They ca n't keep hiding behind `` But look how cheap ! '' , eventually fans will wise up and start demanding refunds . On `` Screaming Skull '' at least , AV should pay us , the eager collecting movie fan public , for taking this dreadful technical travesty off their hands . But hey , I repeat ... the movie is strangely loveable , and hopefully someone will , one day , find a cleaner print .
 I could n't resist . Alpha Video sells a T-shirt with the cover art on the front . Turns out that 's just about the best part . Newlyweds return home to the creepy empty mansion driving a gull-wing mercedes -LRB- one of the highpoints of this movie -RRB- . Very subtle foreshadowing on his lack of funds . Creepy pastor and his wife show up and fawn all over the new wife . Dead first wife in the pond . Creepy portrait , creepy gardener ... the wife is bingo from her parent 's accident and she reads Henry James to put herself to sleep . She gon na die !! Effective scary point in the middle , laughable `` Bride of the Monster '' quality special effect of the skull attacking the husband ... in the pond even ! Only 68 minutes long so it will serve as a great Halloween movie for my attention-span impared children . Other than that ... buy the T-shirt and SAY that you saw the movie .
 I 've got no problem with the film and this Good Times version probably is the best looking version around . However , with the GT logo throughout the film , the disc is a completely worthless ripoff . In full screen .
 When it was first screened `` The Screaming Skull '' came with a guarantee that if the movie has the unintended consequence of scaring you to death , you got a free burial . Just be forewarned that promise is a lot more interesting than the movie itself , which was actor Alex Nicol 's first directing credit -LRB- he plays Mickey -RRB- . Of course this film was given the `` MST3K '' treatment during Season 9 , but the Don , Servo and the gang are not around to help you make it through this boring little horror film either , and you have no one to blame for that but yourself.Eric Whitlock -LRB- John Hudson -RRB- and his wife Jenni -LRB- Peggy Webber -RRB- move into a house where something not very nice happened once upon a time , namely Eric 's first wife Marian died . Creepy Mickey the gardener is hanging around and when creepy things start happening involving a skull the Whitlocks think Mickey is responsible . The problem is that -LRB- a -RRB- none of the creepy things are scary and -LRB- b -RRB- Mickey does not have enough brains left to be doing anything to anybody . But Jenni has a `` nervous condition , '' which allows her to be creeped out quite easily , especially when the local reverend decides that describing Marian 's gruesome death is appropriate dinner conversation . Meanwhile , Mickey is clearly more upset over Marian 's death than Eric , so we are suspicious , but since Webber 's performance as Jenni is so inept we do not care.This movie is 68-minutes long and I am here to tell you that Nicol 's had to really drag it out to make it that long , which is not a good move . The appearance of the skull itself does not help matters and the `` special effects '' are too stupid to even get credit for being hokey . There was some notion of psychology being involved here as a fourth-rate takeoff of `` Rebecca , '' but I think that gets thrown away at the end simply so Nicol can think he has surprised his audience with the finale . The only thing we are surprised about is that we sat through this whole film .
 A perfectly treacherous VHS -LRB- EP - Extended Play -RRB- tape to dvd transfer . An abject joke.The other lone review on this page to date led me to buy this with reasonable confidence over all the other prints available.The Color is faded to virtually non-existent . A scratchy , grainy picture complemented only by its equally tin can sound mixing quality . The menu is of a sound-less , low resolution , pixilated and rank amateurish design.This edition is absolutely NOT worth the blank media upon which an otherwise intriguing cult classic was heaped and trashed.By the only other version I have to compare , I had previously rented from Netflix their St Clair Vision edition , which is not particularly good . On the other hand , it is far more watchable than this one - better color , much more active and zany menu with several extras , not to mention it offers a double feature -LRB- `` Tormented '' -RRB- , along with trailers and a cartoon intermission , no less.Beware any singularly solitary , over-hyped `` 5 Star '' review -LRB- s -RRB- that might cost you a needless $ and do put it to more promising use elsewhere .
 terrible product and advertised falsely on Amazon . the first review Amazon shows you for this film is for a different DVD package . the film is fine but this `` remastered '' product is no different than the film you get in the Mill Creek 50 pack . Amazon should be sued for using reviews of different products to sell this DVD .
 Oh man is this dumb . Where to begin . Frankenstein 's daughter returns home after completing medical school . She is very interested in his work , but he wants her to have nothing to do with it . Dr. Frankenstein and his assistant create the monster during a thunderstorm . Not thirty seconds after the creature comes to life , it kills the doctor.Now the daughter -LRB- Lady Frankenstein -RRB- wants to build a creature of her own to destroy the creature that killed her father and a couple in the woods . She wants the assistant 's brain and put it in the body of the good looking -LRB- ? -RRB- retarded garden guy.Well she seduces the retard , kills the assistant for his brain and makes her monster . The two fight at the end and everyone dies , including the Lady . Bought it on sale , what can I say ?
 Before you even hit `` play , '' you know you 're getting schlock , but this is good schlock . It 's a variation on the basic Frank theme , but with a few little twists . Joseph Cotten looks completely embarassed most of the time , while Hartigay -LRB- Jayne Mansfield 's ex -RRB- just looks happy to be working . Bay/Neri is actually quite fetching . She 's also an abysmal actor , as is the fellow who plays Marshall . As are , in fact , pretty much everyone in the movie . There are some interesting lab scenes , some nudity , a goofy-looking monster , a few double entendres , bad FX , lotsa murders and a seriously abrupt ending . For this price , you just ca n't go wrong .
 As I pushed `` play '' on the DVD remote , I warily wondered why a remastered DVD would be accompanied by such poor packaging and shoddy case/DVD artwork . I thought to myself , `` stranger things have happened in the world of B horror movie DVD 's '' . Three minutes later , I stood in front of the garbage can wondering how many sandwiches I could have bought at QuickCheck with the money I just wasted . The DVD was now in the garbage on top of the packaging it just came in and next to the food my kids did n't eat during school lunch . A2Z 's release of this title is absolutely horrible in every single aspect . Everything from the poor quality DVD case , cheap disc case cover artwork , one of the worst picture transfers i have ever seen , and the actual DVD itself-which looks like someone printed the non-playing side artwork at home with one of the first printers ever available . If this is the `` remastered version '' , I would hate to see what they originally had to work with . I have no idea how they can get away with even calling this DVD remastered . If anything , this is the exact opposite of what constitutes a remastered DVD . Save your money and buy a used ex-rental VHS copy , or rent the film and a projector from the library-you 'd be light years ahead of the quality contained on this DVD with either option . This actually rates 0 stars with me . Shame on A2Z which stands as Awful2Zero in my book !
 The picture quality of this movie was terrible.So bad all I could do was throw it away.It was n't worth the $ US14 I paid for it.steer clear of this dvd !
 Apart from the appearance of Joseph Cotton , a bunch of naked women interspersed here and there , and the lovely Rosalba Neri -LRB- aka Sara Bay -RRB- , this film is almost completely worthless . The `` special effects '' are about as special as you or I could cook up in our kitchens , and the music is so loud it 's almost impossible to hear the dialogue . On second thought , that 's not necessarily a flaw for this film.I only watched it because it had Joseph Cotton . Joseph Cotton -LRB- 1905-94 -RRB- was one of the outstanding actors of the 20th Century . He is best known from his films with good friend Orson Welles - `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Magnificent Ambersons '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , `` Journey into Fear '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , `` The Third Man '' and `` Touch of Evil -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . He went on to star in such memorable films as `` Gaslight '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , `` Duel in the Sun '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- and `` Portrait of Jennie '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . As his star declined he began doing a bunch of foreign films and this was one of them.BTW - watch for Mickey Hargitay -LRB- 1926-2006 -RRB- in a small role . Hargitay was married to blonde bombshell Jayne Mansfield and won the `` Mr. Universe '' contest in 1955 . This is the type of film that is so bad some people will think it 's good . It probably belongs on one of those TV shows where they play the film and a moderator pops up to mock it.If you 're looking for Frankenstein films , nothing beats the 1931 original . `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- was almost as good , and `` Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- has a certain charm .
 Fresh out of medical school and eager to prove her abilities as a `` surgeon , '' Dr. Frankenstein 's daughter -LRB- Rosalba Neri -RRB- sets out to build her own monster-to kill the one created by her late father , which is now running amok terrorizing the locals . As if that were n't goofy enough , she decides to construct her monster using the brain of her father 's assistant -LRB- whom she 's just married -RRB- and the body of the hunky village idiot . It 's a movie that could only be made in Italy and only in the '70s . Recommended for Euro-horror fanatics only.The picture and sound quality on this DVD could be better , but I 've definitely seen worse on bargain-priced DVDs like this . The print that was used is scratchy at times , but the colors are still fairly vibrant and sound is generally quite good . All in all , this DVD is a pretty good buy at this price.Two out of five stars .
 I am surprised at the high marks that some others gave this film . I found it slow and unexciting . Phoebe Cates brilliant ? I hardly thought so . It was simply not my kind of film . You will know within 15 minutes whether it is for you or not . If you do n't like it , turn it off , because it does not get any better .
 Two United Federation of Planets members , Elas and Troyius , suffered war for centuries . With Klingon Empire expansion approaching the planets ' system , Tellun , the Federation sends the U.S.S. Enterprise to lend assistance in a peace negotiation . The peace treaty is to be completed by the bonding in marriage of the two planets ' leaders , the Dohlman of Elas and the leader of Troyius . The Starship provides transport for the Dohlman to Troyius , while also offering a time and place for the Dohlman to learn the duties and customs of Troyius . Upon her arrival on the U.S.S. Enterprise , it is clear that the Dohlman , Elaan , is an arrogant and reluctant bride . Ambassador Petri from Troyius attempts to educate Elaan in preparation of her wedding , but is rewarded with a knife wound . Captain Kirk must step in as Elaan 's tutor to insure that the alliance takes place . Kirk takes a strong hand in Elaan 's education , but his efforts are compromised when she begins to cry and he touches one of her tears . The Elasian tears of a Dohlman carry an infectious agent which acts as a powerful aphrodisiac . While the captain fights the effects of Elaan 's tears , a Klingon battlecruiser appears . In the ensuing melee , it is apparent that the Klingon captain is attempting to lure the starship into warp speed which , as Scotty soon discovers , would destroy the ship . A saboteur from the Elasian party has damaged the dilithium crystal chamber , rendering the crystal inert , and the ship nearly powerless . While under attack , Spock detects strong energy readings which emanate from a crystal necklace of Elaan 's -- made of dilithium . Fitting the raw crystals into the anti-matter chamber , the ship is able to fend off the Klingons and continue to Troyius . Kirk and McCoy discover the one true cure for the Elasian tears -- prior infection -- in Kirk 's case , the starship Enterprise had infected him even more powerfully than had the Dohlman .
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 I usually never do film reviews , just military book reviews . But this movie was so lousy and was so amateur , yet had the big budget look on the cover and blog sites , so it suckered me into renting it . Obviously was made to take advantage of the genre . Some knock-offs can be funny and standout , but I WARN YOU , THIS BITES ! Poor acting , poor script , poor locations -LRB- just the warehouse with empty boxes ... freshly painted , and a gas station -RRB- ... the only glimmer was the Asian girl . Hope she does n't kill her career with another one of these $ 300 budget movies . It just makes me mad when I get suckered for $ 4 and a soar thumb from fast forwarding ... I think the previous reviewers who gave it multiple stars were from the same company that threw this thing together ... it does n't even rate 1 .
 If you take this movie as a spoof and plot rip off of `` The Forbidden Kingdom '' , and your 13 years old , than you just might get some enjoyment out of it . Though is not anywhere in the league of FK . The movie is a poorly written , acted , low budget , teen flick . The martial arts and special effects are mediocre . Save your money and buy FK .
 amazon DOES NOT SUPPLY CLOSED CAPTIONING WITH ITS TV SERIES.For that reason , clear and understandable voice quality is essential to enjoying a purchased series.Seasons one and two are about 95 % understandable . Season 3 , to my ears , is about 90 % . Also , of course , the mix of characters and situations produces compelling drama every day of the week.I have good hearing in one ear , so , Amazon , I manage without closed captioning . I * do * avoid buying TV series that have poor sound quality.Now if only people who are deaf in both ears could `` hear '' the series , with closed captioning , all would be fine .
 I was frankly appalled by the second season of NCIS LA. . I had enjoyed the first season on blu-ray , and bought the second -LRB- on dvd , because blu-ray was not available -RRB- . Unfortunately , instead of actual police drama and case-solving , each episode has now become a vehicle for building up to the main characters gunning down large numbers of people , instead of orderly crime solving and appropriate action as a result . The contrast between the nicey-nice depictions of the attractive-by-design characters and their death-squad behavior is something I find jarring and inappropriate . I 'm gone from being a fan of this show , or ever watching or buying it again .
 I 'm fairly disappointed in this `` 5 DVD Box Set '' that I assumed was a history of the Mafia . Well , it 's not . These are five 48-minute docudramas . Why on 5 DVDs when they all could have fit onto one ? The answer is more money , of course.Instead of a history of the Mafia , this is what you get : THE NUCLEAR MAFIA - The Mob 's influence in moving nuclear bomb materials to terrorists . Not much about the Mafia here , but mostly about the scary fact -LRB- ? -RRB- that the old USSR 's nuclear materials are n't as secure as they should be , and how they 're ending up in the hands of terrorists . A lot dealing with `` red mercury '' which has yet to be proven to exist . Bad acting all around , and that 's what it is - dramatizations . This is the only episode I could bring myself to watch so far , but I imagine the others to be just as bad.INTERNATIONAL SYNDICATES - A look at `` the rise of the American mob and it 's -LSB- sic . -RSB- spread and adaptation to the ruthless organized ` firms ' of England ... and the Yakuza . `` GANGLAND CONFESSIONS - `` The life story of a mafia insider and how the Russian Mafia , The Columbian Cartels , and Mexican Mafia have merged their resources and joined forces . `` KILLERS OF THE UNDERWORLD - `` Takes you into the mind of the mafia killer ... and the killers of today 's vicious ethnic gangs . `` MAFIA NATIONS - `` The growth of organized crime is often due to the assistance of corrupt officials ... `` Special Features include photo slideshows and trivia quizes to see if you 've learned anything.Save your money - these have almost nothing to do with the American Mob at all . And I could swear that their shadowed `` former mobster '' informant is an actor . And a bad one at that .
 If only there was a rating for 0 stars . This is quite possibly the worst product on the face of the earth . While watching these dvd 's , I actually had to hold back the vomit . Not because it was gruesome in any way - it is just THAT bad . Whoever produced this DVD should be banished from this planet.Their `` so-called '' mafia member is nothing but an amateur actor who could n't land an acting role if he was Al Pacino 's son . PLEASE - DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS DVD SET !!! If you want to waste your money , give it to me and I will send you a box of vomit . I guarantee you would enjoy that more .
 Mamamia ! Pizans , dis is de woist eva ' DVD collection . In my house , deze tapes sleep wit ' da ' fishes . Look at me - I 'm droppin ' da ' dime on deze here tapes . Bing ! You listenin ' ? I 'm commiseratin ' wit ' you to tell you ` dat deze tapes is miserable . Afta ' this review , I 'm goin ' into da ' tape protection program to get away from deze rotten tapes.Ever since I was a little kid , all I wanted to be was the owna ' of good Mob tapes . You know why I bought dis tape ? Outta respect ! I wasted good dough on dese tapes , good dough ! I got ta toughen up ! My goumar asked me how I could afford deze tapes , but it was easy since I 'm a union delegate.So me and my goumar sat down wit ' some nice gabagool and baked zitti to watch this miserable flick - then we were gon na have some nice veal ` dat was sliced just right . On my mudda 's grave , dese tapes was the most dispicable I eva ' seen . Not for nuttin ' , but I tell youz , ironin ' my joggin ' suit is more entertainin ' dan deze here tapes.Deze tapes are way outta order -LRB- even if they do n't mean to be -RRB- . Actually , deze tapes made me laugh , you know , the way they waz produced all low quality and what not . Only ` ting , they waz n't supposed to make me laugh and they waz n't supposed to be there to amuse me . Dey really are funny tapes though.From dis tape , I learned the two greatest ` tings in life
 Not much really . some information that was already out there , and some things there.It is interesting here and there , but your better off with some history channel bio .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first season on DVD and was looking forward to seeing how things developed in year 2 . Unfortunately , CBS DVD allowed Good Wife Season 2 go to the disk duplication plant with a set of video masters that look like someone had boot-legged them off a low-bandwidth channel of YouTube . And the problem is n't just in one or two episodes . The abysmal video quality ruins your viewing pleasure for all six -LRB- count em , six ! -RRB- disks . Season Two brings great new story lines for Alicia , Kalinda , Will and company yet I find myself constantly distracted by the fuzziness and pixelated image quality . If these flaws were n't baked right into the brand new shrink-wrapped product , I 'd have sent it back immediately . What a disappointment !
 This is a great show , and it is a crime that the quality control on production of these DVDs has failed the creative team behind this show . I do n't even have an HD tv and I was painfully aware of the fact that these DVDs were produced using sub par compression techniques . Just pop it into your computer and you can see that they 've compressed 4 Eps down to 4.35 GB !! That 's less than a DVD-5 can hold . This is DVD production malpractice . I 'm going to be really cynical and saw that I can only surmise that this is a ploy to force people who want decent quality to purchase HD versions of the episodes . This season is not yet available to purchase on BluRay , but it / will / be ...
 The shows are great !!!!!!! . The disk quality is questionable . The first three played fine on my primary machine -- then the next three could not be read by the player . An older secondary player was able to play the remining disks . Quality control may be a thing of the past
 Season One of The Good Wife was great . Season Two evolved into a liberal political statement . Pass on this one !
 This season did not play all the way through ... it kept skipping and there was nothing on the disk . some of the shows would play and some of them would not , so we ended up missing a huge part of what is going on.I would not buy from this buyer if you like watching all of the shows .
 I find it appalling that I must pay to watch shows that have already aired on free tv ! Yet another way Corporate America is sucking our $ from us !!
 This is not a review about the show , the actors , or the storyline . All of those would earn 5 + stars . However , on each of the discs in the Second Series , the video is breaking up , stopping , or skipping ahead . We had to purchase a Skip Dr CD/DVD Repair kit and while that is taking care of part of the problems , you can still tell the disc and/or recording quality is not 100 % . We were enjoying Season One so much we ordered Season Two months before we could get to it . That meant we did not know about the faulty quality until about a month ago . Because the window to get a replacement expired in August , we have to live with the bad quality disc . Yes , all other DVDs are playing just fine . So it is not our equipment that is at fault . Very disappointing .
 Very disappointed in this series third season -- not enough guts , too much sex . What happened to the integrity of the characters ?
 Fans of the first season will not be disappointed with the story content here -- BUT , after having purchased SEASON ONE and being very satisfied with the DVD quality on my 50 '' HDTV , SEASON 2 is a major disappointment in its picture playback quality . Jagged fuzzy edges abound on my 50 '' and my 42 '' TVs -LRB- although the smaller set is a bit more watchable because the pixels are obviously tighter meaning that if you have a 32 '' or smaller set it may not necessarily bother you -RRB- It does play fine on my one remaining picture tube TV which obviously means the Season 2 DVD set was NOT manufactured for HDTVs as opposed to its predecessor . Too bad -- it will make me think twice about buying SEASON 3 -LRB- or any other new CBS-TV DVD sets -RRB- until I hear or read other reviews .
 Why continue to mix up episodes to appeal to kiddies ? Fans of the generation are the ones who are spending money on these DVDs and duplication of episodes , inclusion of Scrappy episodes and jumping between seasons just does n't cut it . As has been said , I 've seen That 's Snow Ghost on 3 of the compilation DVDs . And please do n't continue to call previews for other scooby videos `` special features ! '' Bring out a decent cult DVD !
 This DVD is OK , However Warner released That 's snow Ghost again . They should n't have put that in creepiest capers . They could of put more episodes on the disc . It is nice to have the Christmas Special on it though . And I also liked how they mixed them up from all different years . They should of put another episode in Creepiest Capers and saved that 's Snow Ghost in this winter one . That way Scooby-Fans could have more stories on DVD . I also did n't like the fact that it just ran into a cartoon with out the opening . They put a duplicate show on this disc and they cut off half of a Scooby & Scrappy Show . They showed 3 cartoons per half hour . I felt jipped and they should n't be charging this much for this disc . It should be -LSB- less expensive -RSB-
 while this is a ok release , even my kids agree that the ones with scrapy doo are just no good . it was the introduction of scarpy doo that spelled the end of saturday morning cartoons . why this hated little dog was added to the show i 'll never know , but it says something that the live action movie used this little runt as the bad guy . no one i have ever met likes scrapy and my boys will not watch any of the movies or shows with him in it . as for the other shows on the disc you can find them on the complete 1st and 2nd season releaseand the othe one from the new scooby doo show in the late 70 's may be on the scooby doo dinomutt show release . scrapy is just the worst cartoon ever created and almost did what no one has been able to do , kill off scooby dooand it 's worth noteing that the new what 's new scooby doo does not have scrapy -LRB- we used to call him crapy when i was growing up -RRB- in it !!!!!!!!
 I thought it was a newer scooby doo movie , but it turns out it 's a few old scooby doo ` winter ' episodes . Not that I do n't like the old scooby doo 's but the pic of this makes it look like the more current version , which I really enjoy .
 Pretty cool 50 's fright movie . Normal romance and plain good old fun . I have it in my collection . NOT BAD !! Count Wolfenstein
 I 'm a fan of Robin Cook 's 1977 medical mystery `` Coma . '' It was his first smash hit which almost single handedly introduced a new sub-category into the thriller genre . It 's one of the few books that I 've reread several times which is not something that I do very often . I also happen to be a big supporter of Michael Crichton 's film interpretation starring Genevieve Bujold and Michael Douglas . But I 'm not a purist . I 'm not one of those people that say a movie should never be remade . When I heard that Ridley and Tony Scott were on hand to produce a new miniseries based on this story , I was quite excited . A lot has changed in science and medicine within the last several decades , so I thought `` Coma '' was primed for a spiffy new updating . With a big name cast including Ellen Burstyn -LRB- who I could watch in anything -RRB- , Geena Davis , James Woods and Richard Dreyfuss , this was one of my must-see TV events of the year . What could go wrong ? As it turns out , a lot!Lauren Ambrose -LRB- Six Feet Under , Torchwood
 A&E 's four hour reworking of Robin Cook 's COMA suffers from unnecessary padding like the bizarre psycho stalker subplot -RRB- and a lack of strong leading performances . Lauren Ambrose and Steven Pasquale do n't have a lot of chemistry or conviction . Ellen Burstyn 's looney curator may be her worst performance ever and name stars like James Wood , Richard Dreyfuss and Geena Davis collect paychecks . Makail Salomon 's direction uses too many pointless detours and chase scenes that are more annoying than suspenseful . Ultimately , COMA seems an unnecessary retread , making the original seem a classic in comparison .
 I wanted to write a review to alert viewers as to how bad this version of `` Coma '' is ! But , others have written excellent warnings . My response to this film was to buy the original 1970 's version of Coma . There is not even a hint , in this miniseries , of a plausible reason why the Jefferson Institute would exist . In the original version , the most chilling part was the realization that the Institute could exist in some form !
 If you have seen the original `` Coma '' and were not in a coma during the first 10 minutes of the film , you should have it fairly well figured out except for some slight nuances.Susan Wheeler -LRB- Lauren Ambrose -RRB- is a third year hot shot medical student and now an intern . Her grandfather was the legendary Dr. Wheeler who is remembered by the older staff . She quickly discovers something wrong is going on the hospital , the only question that remains is who can she trust . This should have been a a movie that examines the moral and ethical questions of `` death panels '' , the common good , and embryonic stem cell research . Instead it only glosses over the topic and then inanely makes a mockery of the whole thing.It is really ashamed because they had good actors to support this script and failed to deliver the goods . They managed to turn scenes which should have been shocking into the mundane.Made for TV , TV-14
 The Coma mini-series is a deplorable mishit from beginning to end . The original movie was quite good , not great ; this just misses the mark in almost everything . Here are some points - there are some spoilers below but do not worry - the movie spoils almost everything from you by itself ! 1 - Dr. Taylor 's suicide - not properly explained and forgotten after a while . Also , I would have guessed such a character , if it was a suicide , would have used a gun or some powerful poison . And if it was a murder , which is not suggested , the hanging would be even more difficult to executed in a house with more persons present at the time .2 - The aggression suffered by dr. Bellows in the parking lot - improperly explained and pointless .3 - The Tom Selleck-wannabe character - stupid all the way ! -LRB- To understand the Tom Selleck reference , see the original movie . -RRB- 4 - The privacy computer user id issues - clumsy and full of stupid behavior all the way .5 - Why so many visits to the Jefferson Institute ? To kill all pretense of suspense .6 - The subplot with the corrupt police officer - not believable and not resolved properly .7 - The surrender at the end when it was obvious that the bad guys were winning all the way - again unbelievable and not motivated by what went on before .8 - The staged auto accident - really ? Was there not a simpler , less risky way to kill the person?I had some trouble with the A&E ; airing times also ; luckily , I DVR everything so that I do not have to suffer commercial interruptiona and among the multiple recordings of the program I finally found a complete second part . The starting times were off in several of these and not just for a minute.In short , a major , frustrating dissappointment all the way . And a waste of great talent .
 To call this movie bad would be the understatement of the century . The lead actress is very good , but the big name supporting cast is wasted . The original was n't great , but it 's far more watchable than this . I ca n't imagine ever wanting to watch this again , let alone paying for it in the first place .
 What a waste of time watching this four hour A&E ; production ; and now they actually will try to get someone to buy a copy of this?Though I have n't seen the original in a long , long time , I do remember some actual drama in that movie ; while this series had none and constantly asked the viewer to suspend disbelief . What 's with the nutcase guy ? The whole thing was just a mess , mostly incoherent . And People magazine gave this like 31/2 stars ? And the Washington Post even rated it favorably . Is it me , or has our threshold for entertainment gotten really low ? Do yourself a favor and watch the original .
 just finished watching this 4 hour assault on an otherwise good book . everyone is entitled to a bad day at the office and this should rank for the scott brothers as their worst ever . if you like the book and like movies made from books then watch the original . this is 4 hours that you will never get back . did i mention i did n't like this effort . bad , just plain bad .
 This mini-series , which had the potential , cast and producer power to be great , turned out so bad that I felt my response to Ms. Schultz 's overly generous review was not enough . To sum up my comments , this film lacked a cohesive storyline -LRB- the lead 's actions stem from something so minor as to seem pointless , in the original , Wheeler was close friends with the patient who went into a coma , and was driven not just by this , but guilt over making light over her close friend 's fears , and her cursory review of her friend 's file revealed clearly contradictory information , thus spurring her continued investigation , in this version , Wheeler saw the patient at a shared pool and said hi to her once , her illegal review of the records reveal nothing suspicious , but she knows an evil plot is afoot based on her special brand of nothingness -RRB- , a believable and talented lead actress , the stars with actual talent are wasted , and this film was so lacking in mystery , suspense and thrills as to be coma inducing in it 's own right .
 This two part series had a great pedigree , with a lot of wonderful actors , and Ridley Scott attached to the project . I do n't think the problem was with execution . The problem is too many tired plot elements lumped together in an overly complicated mess that took what had been a fresh and exciting concept -- thirty years ago -- and did nothing with it . Very disappointing . Lauren Ambrose tries gamely and gives her best shot but does n't have the charisma to carry a long form mini series . She 's just not that interesting to watch and not believable as a medical student . Richard Dreyfus is wasted as is Ellen Burstyn and James Woods . Geena Davis is fine but botox and plastic surgery have not improved her formerly beautiful face . It seems mean spirited to mention it but the effect is quite distracting . Honesty this remake was , in my opinion , so bad it soured me on the excellent film with Genevieve Bujold and Michael Douglas . And that was a fine story well told . I truly wish I had n't wasted my time watching it . You might not want to either .
 Dear David , I have never had the urge to write a review before , but after viewing and trying to follow your Tai Chi Beginning Practice ... I decided to take the time . I have taken dance classes for many years and I have never had to learn a routine from 3 different camera angles and face to face with my instructor . Your video could have been very enjoyable if you had turned around so I could follow . That means turning your back to the camera which I realize is not in your best interest , but it would make learning your routines a snap ... which in the long run WOULD BE in your best interest . I am very disappointed .
 Back story
 This was a total waste of money ! A lot of Yadda yadda , blah , blah , blah !!! In other words , NO EXERCISE , just talk . I got the DVD to EXERCISE !!! For preaching , I go to Church !! Awful , awful , awful . I got more actual practice from the PBS program , although D-D R , sure talked a LOT then too!I had to rate at least 1 star , but actually , I 'd give it ZERO Stars .
 I found it very hard to follow as he does not turn away from you . I will try it again but now I would not recommend it to others
 I enjoy tai chi but when working with an instructor on video/DVD , it is so much easier for me if they let me `` mirror '' them . Meaning we move opposite sides of the body , they move left , I move right , so we face each other . I have the DVD and after trying to use it twice -LRB- and I am not new to Tai-Chi -RRB- I could n't be bothered any more .
 I feel a bit releived after reading some of the reviews on here . I thought I was too uncoordinated to get this down , but the left to right on this DVD is REALLY confusing . Once I get messed up , there 's no getting it back . I DO NOT recommend this for anyone who is just starting out . It 's not easy to pick up the flow . He goes from showing you the name of the movement and how to it , to telling you to mix them all together by name . I 'm sorry , but when I am learning a movement , I ca n't remember what to do after only being told once . I am paying more attention to the movements and doing them correctly than I am to the names of them ! I 'm just left frustrated and wondering which DVD I should start with instead !
 I have several T'ai Chi dvds and truly enjoy the practice . I found this presenter hard to follow , and had I realized he was the the presenter on the dvd , would not have purchased it . There are other presenters out there who are a lot easier to follow and present in a way that I can truly understand and learn from .
 My wife got me this DVD to help me get back into a routine . I did T'ai Chi some 10 years ago and was looking to get back into it . I do n't like the way this DVD is set up . The instruction moves too fast and -LRB- though it 's a minor complaint -RRB- the moves are not mirrored to your position in front of the TV , like the better Yoga DVDs are . The way the video is shot does n't really show the proper positioning of the forms , I did n't like the fact that the moves are bunched together in groups of 5 and there is no warm up to speak of.I would not recommend this to a friend .
 Thank you other reviewers . I thought I was going crazy there . I know there is a mirror image when watching yoga and other work out DVDS ... but this really bothered me . Perhaps it is because it is a BEGINNERS DVD ! I do n't want to hear left and then see you go right on the screen ... especially not when I 'm trying to coordinate feet , legs , arms , and hands all at once ! And , then I come to read that he actually does make mistakes ... very , very , very confusing . I got frustrated and gave up on the beginners section.I do like the scenery better on the a.m. workout -- Maui beach ... but I think I might just watch it once , and then turn the sound off , maybe even put on my own music , and do it . After all , I do n't need to be frustrated while doing my relaxing Tai Chi !
 I bought this DVD a number of years ago . In reading some of the other reviews , I agree that the instructor using * his * right and left is very confusing . I did the workout one time , and may have not even completed it because of this . Several reviewers stated that with practice the right/left confusion can be overcome . If someone is marketing a DVD for their profit , the consumer should not have to `` overcome '' deficiencies in the presentation on the DVD . I expect to be able to concentrate on the movements and not have to overcome an inefficient instructor 's inability to communicate effectively to his audience .
 Besides what other reviewers mention about the confusion of `` left '' and `` right '' , the camera work is also terrible . It is often shot from a mixed angle that makes it almost impossible to grok what is going on without watching the video many times . Instead of mirroring what is going on -LRB- whether you are confused about the left or the right -RRB- , you have to try and study what is happening . You do n't get a mirror image of what you are doing because of the peculiar angle much of this was shot in . It 's quite frustrating . This is n't the first poorly put together Gaiam video I 've seen . Those guys really ca n't get it done right.I gave it two stars , because the instructor seems quite good . Unfortunately the technical aspects of the video forfeit his effort .
 I totally agree with red hatter . . The intructor says one thing while he 's doing another its confusingadn im not even sure which way is the right way now ...
 There are several problems about learning tai chi from a video . The most important is that no matter how good the video , it can never tell you when you are doing it wrong or when you could hurt yourself . I teach tai chi and you would be surprised how many people fail to follow a move correctly even after repeated , detailed instruction . People are not very conscious of their body and they may think they are doing the moves right when they are not . The benefits of tai chi come from following the form correctly and not doing so can result in injury.Another problem is that people tend to be distracted by the motion of the hands and they miss everything else that is happening in a particular move . They concentrate on the arms and hands and miss what the rest of the body is doing.There are many forms of tai chi and each has different forms . Most videos fail to mention the form they are based on which is very confusing to people who try to follow videos for different forms.The correct use for any tai chi video is as a reference . Attend a class and ask your instructor if he/she recommends a video . You can then use the video when you practice at home . Do not rely on any tai chi video as the sole form of instruction . You need an experienced instructor that will teach you patiently and give you gentle corrections when necessary .
 Notified them that they used the wrong address for the type of shipping they used . But never received it . Paid for but Not received . Will Not shop here again .
 Several times on my initial run through I had to rewind , rewatch , rewind , rewatch , rewind , rewatch certain parts because I thought I was just not getting it right . Then I realized that sometimes the instructor was saying left , but moving right . He was not mirroring the entire time , however , he was just making mistakes . It was terribly confusing.This gets 2 stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- because I like everything else about this video - the way he speaks is soothing , the music is soft , the background is pleasing . It 's just a shame the instructor is not clearer .
 This is an OK beginning practice of Tai Chi . There are two sequences you can watch . The first if a complete beginning sequence/routine . The second is more of a follow-along . One thing that decreases the quality of this beginning practice is that in the first sequence he does not use mirrored left and right direction . So if he says do something to the left , he does it too the left and you need to do it to the left as well . However , this becomes a little difficult when focusing on learning new movements.Furthermore , in the second sequence he does use mirrored direction . This makes the second sequence quite a bit easier to follow along .
 There are way too many cuts and edits in this video to see the whole routine through . Even playing it at half speed I 'm having trouble seeing the full body positions.There needs to be static shots of the person teaching you . This one constantly cross fades and only has half body shots . Ca n't see his feet , ca n't see his other hand . Not helpful at all .
 I really like David Dorian-Ross but when you are teaching beginners they need to be able to follow the movements . That is why aerobics instructors lead the class behind them.If you are a beginner it is too hard to follow the movements facing the instructor . I have to follow the DVD in a mirror or I get lost .
 I tried this DVD for the first time this week . I must echo the sentiment of other reviewers in regards to the `` mirror '' issue . I find it very hard to follow his movements when they are the opposite of what he is describing . Had I read reviews , I would have purchased a different beginning Tai Chi DVD and wish I had . It is high quality video production .
 This DVD , the first in the Juxtapositions series of films on 20th-century art music , pairs two documentaries by Frank Scheffer in which the presence of Gustav Mahler is always felt.The subject of the first documentary , titled `` Attrazione d'amore '' , is Ricardo Chailly in his role as conductor of the Royal Concergebouw . As the documentary opens , we see him preparing to conduct Mahler , and the bulk of the documentary is Chailly explaining his approach to this composer . Chailly insists on recognizing the tradition of those conductors who came before , but at the same time he places great importance on the instructions that Mahler left for his music , as well as the contributions the musicians might make . Chailly is well-spoken and has strong opinions , and his obvious passion for Mahler 's music is somewhat engaging.After Mahler , other composers are mentioned . There 's a brief detour to Puccini 's `` Tosca '' , and then there 's some brief footage of Chailly conducting Varese . An American music critic is interviewed , and he lauds Chailly for turning the Royal Concertgebouw away from being a `` museum '' by adding Varese , Berg , and Stravinsky . This comment is fairly ludicrous , since all of these composers wrote nearly a century ago , and Chailly shows little interest in modern masters such as Boulez , Ligeti , or Carter -LRB- with the sole exception being Berio -RRB- , or contemporary stars such as Saariaho , Gubaidulina , or Lindberg . The effort on the part of the film-maker to paint Chailly as something other than a conductor of unthreatening old classics is unconvincing . The end of the documentary returns to Chailly conducting some older operas.The second film here is `` Voyage to Cythera '' , a collection of musings on the wild third movement of Luciano Berio 's 1968 work `` Sinfonia '' . The piece requires some explanation . It is written for orchestra and jazz singers -LRB- originally the Swingle Singers -RRB- , and in the third movement that bulk of the musical material consists of part of Mahler 's second symphony , though slightly cut up and rearranged . On top of this straightforward quotation , Berio has a tenor reciting from Samuel Beckett 's `` The Unnamable '' , the rest of the singers making witty comments , and the orchestra liberally inserting quotations from 15 other composers . My favourite moment is the comedy of the tenor saying `` I have a present for you '' and the orchestra responding with that big tutti chord that opens Boulez 's `` Don '' . I highly recommend the 2005 recording on Deutsche Grammophon with the Goteborgs Sinfoniker and Peter Eotvos.In this documentary , the concern is with how Berio responds to the legacy of Mahler . Berio is interviewed among scenes of rehearsals of `` Sinfonia '' , with the Royal Concertgebouw and the New Swingle Singers conducted by the composer . Ricard Chailly and Louis Andriessen also give their thoughts on the piece . It 's all fairly entertaining , but I find it rather objectionable that the documentary ignores the many other composers whose works came to inspire `` Sinfonia '' . Sure , when the aforementioned tutti chord is played , one sees briefly footage of Boulez , but there 's no discussion of how Boulez 's work fits into the 20th century tradition and what it means to Berio personally . Also , the entire documentary seems to be more a try at a cinematic work of art than as an educational resource . For those passionate about the `` Sinfonia '' who want to know more , David Osmond-Smith 's PLAYING ON WORDS
 Please be careful before buying this one.I give it two stars only for the sake of the first half of the dvd
 Some of the titles in Madacy 's new Drive-In double feature series are decent-enough quality . This disc , however , is unwatchable . The `` Beast '' transfer is washed out , with video and black levels far out of spec . The transfer itself appears to have come from a bad 3rd generation VHS . `` Brain '' is equally horrific ... out of focus most of the time , with the framing too tight and off center , as if the producers simply set up a video camera and shot the image off of a television set . The TRAILERS included for both films are actually much better quality than the features . Save your money .
 I can not stress how dissapointed I was with the qaulity of this DVD . It looked like the company used a VHS tape recorded in the EP mode for mastering . This compnay should realize that consumers are not stupid . We know what DVDs should look like . Most of us who like these old films already have a poor quality VHS copy at home . I would be happy to pay twenty dollars for either of these titles -LRB- as opposed to ten for two -RRB- , but please do n't insult us . If only all DVD older films would look like the Blob that was recently released by Criterion . Most people watch these old movies to remember yesterday . There worth the price if done right.Tom Phillips
 While looking for Creature From Haunted Cave , a Corman movie listed in the annals of my movie-watching past as something akin to a giant insect feature , I happened upon this double set of it and The Brain That Would n't Die , an absolute classic . Now , both of these movies are something worth watching , The Brain that Would n't Die a bit more than the almost monster-devoid Beast From , and both rank right up there in the cinema hall of fame that sprouted from the B-movie halls of shame . Still , since both movies have been covered in depth here and on there separate movie pages , I 'll focus my attention on the DVD at hand -LRB- Killer Creature Combo -RRB- and the utter lack of quality it has so you 'll perhaps go and buy a better version of both.Its truly a shame to see these movies cast in the green haze of Killer Creature films as it eats away at the black and white and makes certain scenes wretched and vacant . The darker aspects of the screen sometimes disappear altogether and sometimes the brighter scenes seem to be overcast , ruining the effects of many a movie that would have otherwise been a lot better and killing the moods when monsters decide to drop in and wreak havoc . Added to this is the sound quality of the most abysmal variety , where voices fade in and out and sometimes become so low that one ca n't hear them , and the fact that the menu to this DVD is an utter annoyance.If you decide to buy these films , which are both worth a watch , you should definitely spend a little more and go for a transfer that has been remastered . Otherwise , you 'll be disappointed when scenes disappear along with your patience !
 This film is a sorry excuse for a documentary . 90 % of the time all there are segments of random events that Glass is involved in , wether it is a phone call , plugging in his VCR , walking down the street while talking about things unrelated to his music , and other times where nobody is really saying anything . This film seems like the material that ordinarily would have been left on the cutting room floor . I was very much let down by this film , since I am a serious Glass fan . I expected much more than this drivel !! Total joke !
 An incredible waste of time . Jason Alexander gets 2 minutes of screen time , Chris Rock 's act is not at all polished and drags on and on and on . A couple of laughs , but not enough to make this worth seeing . If you 're looking into this series check out # 5 instead .
 There are moments of mirth , but not enough to offset the terrible production value of these tapes . I bought the whole set , so it 's not just one bad tape . This is a waste of money regardless of the historical value , in my opinion .
 This Madacy DVD -LRB- part of their Drive-in features -RRB- double-bill has one terrible print and one Ok print : Blood Creature -LRB- aka
 Note
 wow 5 episodes ? and the packaging . . isnt even the same as the first season . . why are they shorting us with these?i couldnt imagine the 2nd season actually being only 5 episodes .
 I am surprised at the high marks that some others gave this film . I found it slow and unexciting . Phoebe Cates brilliant ? I hardly thought so . It was simply not my kind of film . You will know within 15 minutes whether it is for you or not . If you do n't like it , turn it off , because it does not get any better .
 Boris Karloff certainly looks the part as the recently released convict named Gruesome . The nerve gas story is corny as is the bank robbery scene especially when one bloke is frozen just as he is about to sneeze . Ralph Byrd returns as Dick Tracy and he later starred in the early 50 's TV series . People who are familiar with the B movies of the 1940 's will recognise character actors Milton Parsons and Skelton Knaggs as a professor and his assistant respectively . If you feel like going on a nostalgia trip watch this .
 What they have done is put new names on 2 DVD 's and made it look like they are not part of the original Kingdom Hospital series . `` Making the Rounds '' and `` Post Mortem '' are just the series broken down into two DVD 's . I made the mistake of buying the whole series and the 2 DVD 's and found out that I had 2 copies of the series .
 Kingdom Hospital The Beginning , King Hospital Making The Rounds , and King Hospital Post Mordem are all included on King Hospital The Series .
 lied about how long the dvds are . it is only 247 MINUTES . NOT 608 as is in the description . VERY disappointed . ALSO the day that i ordered this at 11.99 they lowered it a bit . and now just three days after I received it , it is listed at 8.49 . VERY SAD will NEVER order from them again .
 After seeing the Theatrical Trailor in Cinema I was very excited to watch this movie ... oh boy , I was wrong!What 's worth watching was the first 5 minutes of the movie ! Yes , it all started good but then the plot turned out to be terribly weak!The best thing about this movie is the settings ... but other than that there is nothing special.No suspense!No action!No emotions!No real marshal art!Nothing but flying people and boring story ! You have to swallow the main myth of living in multi-verse that are copy cats of each other ! If you did n't ... you 'd hate this movie as I did!Even the ending was weak ... and if the producer is considering a part two , I 'd advise him to reconsider again !
 I watched this movie in theatres and once I saw a room explode and heavy metal music blared in creative places matching with the visuals , I decided it was undoubtedly the best movie I had ever seen . What choice did I have , right ? Three years later , I stumble upon it again on primetime FX and , in shock , I realize I am viewing perhaps one of the worst films ever to grace US theares , topped only by perhaps the remake of `` Planet of the apes '' . Jet Li `` acts '' as a -LRB- what else ? -RRB- cop in this horrible attempt at a copy of `` the matrix '' . The main idea behind this awful film is that there are hundreds of `` alternate universes '' to every universe , and for every person in a universe there is another person who looks just like you with the same name in every alternate universe . So , if one person decides to kill all of his `` look alikes '' he will be giving super-human-kung-fu-action-powers . It makes perfect sense , right ? If your twins are dead then you OBVIOUSLY get to know kung fu.And I suppose that 's where jet li comes in . His look alike decided to attempt this particular feet and now poor lil ' Li is the only one between his clone and god like karate-chop-abilities . And you thought that was it?Well , yeah , you were right . Besides the predictable plot , you 're left with clumsy special effects , terribly obvious stunt men when the two Jet Li 's are in the same scene , and enormous , gaping , plot holes.So , if you want my advice -LRB- Which you better , if you stuck through this whole review -RRB- I would reccommend sticking various appendiges in waffle irons before seeing this movie .
 This movie was horrible , I actually fell asleep during it . Even someone who can see a movie just for the special effects or martial arts will be disappointed . I felt like asking for my money back , this movie definitely was n't `` The One '' . Save your money .
 Back when Jet Li was the in-thing , he made a slew of films that had teenage boys in a whirlwind . Who does n't want to see a bunch of butt-kicking ! I , along with my friends , were part of that cloud of over-zealous movie goers who considered Jet Li the godsend , the one who was going to deliver us from boring cinema and keep us glued to our theater seats.For the most part , I still quite enjoy his films . ` The One ' is not one that I enjoy . In fact , even upon its release , I was turned off by the film . I remember when I first saw the trailer . I was so excited . My friend and I had just seen ` The Kiss of the Dragon ' and we were only TOO excited for more Li action . This had to be great . After about three minutes I knew that my expectations were far too high . Upon further reflection , this has become not only one of the biggest disappointments for me as a movie-goer , but I the end one of the worst films of this past decade.Easy.The plot revolves around single man and his quest to become invincible . The film presents to us a multiverse , a world where parallel universes contain variations of every individual . One man has traveled from universe to universe , killing off his other selves in order to gain all their strength . Things get tricky when he has only one left to kill because that one is n't going down without a fight.And fight they do.The plot is kind of campy in parts and not very well fleshed out , but the biggest disappointment was the action scenes . This came out around the time when it was cool to make your movies look like video games . I never understood that , and it always upset me . This movie is the kind of that concept and it is ultimately a huge failure . The acting is also very weak . Jet Li ca n't really act , but he can fight . He should stick to that and only that . The big ` this movie will be awesome because Jet Li with fight Jet Li ' idea was a big failure because that eventuality is far less impressive than it should be . I 'd rather see Li fight other people in a better choreographed fight scene . This was just awkward.Bitterly unrewarding , ` The One ' is a big dud .
 Okay SOME special effects help a movie along , but when the entire movie is made of special effects that 's a different story . Especially when they 're BAD special effects.This movie was predictable , flaky and pathetic . Jet Li 's martial art skills were diminished by this film 's cheap special effects . I did n't care for Mr. Li 's bland acting performance either . He is NO Jackie Chan and I mean that in every way . At least Jackie 's movies and stunts move the story along . The stunts in the this film were to cover up for bad dialogue , a TERRIBLE script and even laughable characters . I got this movie pre-viewed and I 'd give it away for free . I 'd caterogize that part where he smashed the motorcyles together the WORST SPECIAL EFFECTS JOB I 'VE SEEN . It was clear that most shots were at night so we would n't see the cords and strings and everything else they had holding objects up . Please!Skip this if you have any appreciation for decent films .
 A movie that had the right start but fails to finish properly.Not really that flash of a movie thats why i gave it two stars star .
 Talking about decent plot in this movie is like talking about water on the moon . An absolute abomination to kung-fu films -LRB- and moviedom in general -RRB- , `` The One '' is an hour and a half of my life I 'll never get back . I had to watch `` American Beauty '' 8 times in a row to stop feeling dirty about myself.What 's wrong about the movie ? Well , if we were to count the number of groans it elicited from me ... one . One big looooooong groan , as long as the movie itself . Maybe that 's REALLY to what the title referred . Apart from the `` Dragonball Z '' `` I 'm a really powerful evil guy trying to get stronger and , oh wait I just need to kill this one last guy to become the STRONGEST IN THE MUTLIVERSE ! '' plot , the utterly terrible soundtrack , horribly CGI-enhanced fight scenes , boring pace , laughably bad acting ... nothing ! It 's a perfectly fine movie!Jet Li proves once again how badly he acts . Early Ah-nold was more convincing in `` Hercules Goes Bananas '' . Every time he has an emotion , it 's the same expression -- like he was just pinched . Really hard . It 's sad , really . He 's also a mediocre martial artist . I do n't remember any of the really great kung-fu movies needing slo-mo Matrix camera moves.Giving this movie much more in the way of a review would be almost acknowledging it as a film , so I 'll stop here in a moment . I will say that the catch-22 in the movie was okay , but naturally they copped out with it in the end . Oh well . Not like it could 've saved this.If you want a kung-fu movie where the action is real , the plot is good , and you actually have a sense of reverence for the main character , rent either `` Enter the Dragon '' with Mr. Bruce `` Wataw ! '' Lee or `` Legend of Drunken Master '' with Mr. Jackie `` Before I was doughy '' Chan . And for the record , Bruce Lee would decimate Jet Li . In about three seconds .
 This by far the worst Jet Li movie I have ever come across.Some fans are very harsh on Jet Li and say that all his American made movies are crap . I disagree , I think Romeo Must Die and Kiss of the Dragon are two of his best . This is probably the only Li movie I have seen that I actually could not stand . I think Jet Li is the best action hero we have . But this `` junk '' just lowers the bar for my enjoyment and expectations of Jet.I hope he doesnt except a role like this again . Where is Wong Fei Hung when we need him ? ...
 The One was Jet Li 's attempt to break into the Hollywood mainstream , at least as much as Jacki Chan has managed to break into it . Unfortunately , it 's a dismal failure . The script is completely banal , a rehash of movies I 'm sure I 've seen before . Jet Li 's talents are wasted , as instead of doing actual fight sequences , he has to fight against himself -LRB- meaning lots of fights with computer inserted images , or other stunt men who get their face replaced -RRB- , and it robs from the intensity of the fights . For great Jet Li , go back to the `` Once Upon a Time in China '' series . Skip this one , as fast as you can .
 I thought this was the best overall Jet Li movie since he started making movies in the US . I liked this one so much that I wanted the DVD very much . However , I found out that the widescreen feature on this DVD is a rip-off . It 's actually the fullscreen version with black bars covering the top and bottom , so in effect you get less of the original film you do when watching `` widescreen '' , than you do when you watch the `` fullscreen '' version . I 've noticed several other DVDs that do this such as `` Toy Story 2 '' , and wonder if other people realize this . I also wonder how can DVD publishers get away ripping customers off with fake widescreen DVDs . Something needs to be done so DVD publishers stop ripping off customers this way in order to reduce their own production costs , at the expense of the customer . This really caught my attention here because I really liked this movie and was very disappointed they did this to this movie on DVD . Now I 'm hoping for a re-release of this movie on DVD with the true widescreen print shown at the theaters . When DVDs feature both the fullscreen and widescreen version on the same side of one DVD disc , beware that the widescreen may be merely the fullscreen print with top and bottom covered by black bars . Watch the same scene from both versions and compare for yourself ...
 its hard for me to rate this movie , because i like jet li -LRB- kiss of the dragon , lethal weapon 4 , black mask , they were all great -RRB- , but the reason i liked those were because its all him doing the moves . in this movie , ... , i want to see jet li ! not some special fx matrix thing . i sorta thought the story was a little too so-so as well . it didnt really make me care about what happens to the characters . i did like the jason statham chararcter tho ! he 's pretty much great in everything he 's in , so thats a given . anyways , i really wanted to like this movie , but they didnt stick to an important rule , sometimes less is more .
 I am a big Jet Li fan but I have to say that this film was terrible . It is also not very often that I say that about a film . There was not one bit of originality in the whole film . If you have n't already seen it , think of Highlander and Sliders , throw in a few Matrix style effects , mix them all together and ` The One ' is what you end up with . Give this one a wide berth ...
 There was something about this movie that made me want to give it more than two stars , but y' know that ai n't gon happen . The reason is that they had a great premise and a great action star , but they let the air go out of the movie somewhere near the beginning . It never recovered.Now do n't get me wrong , I enjoyed the movie , especially the spec ops like fire fights and the nicely done super human abilities that Jet had . Still I blame whoever for allowing the movie to rest soley on those aspects and never exploring the full potential of an Ultimate ONE . Oh well , I guess I 'll just have to make my own movie . If you hear about some guy dying in his own basement trying to film a sci-fi flick that was me . That is , I ca n't do it , but they could have accomplished soooooooo much more with this movie.Still I enjoyed it at the $ 1 flick and I 'd see it again if I was in an airplane on my way somewhere . So if you like Jet Li , action , and want an escape this does all of that . But if you are super creative and think you 're going to get a mixture of creativity and action ... I am sorry . Say it with me ... It ai n't gon happen .
 wonderful special effects then you 'll love this movie . However if you 'd like some story with your movie then you 're going to be a bit dissapointed . The One was beautifully done and the idea is great . It 's just that the story is just a front for the action , not the action being a part of the story . I love Kung Fu movies and I love Sci Fi . I was hoping for a skilled marrying of the genres a la the Matrix . I would watch it again as a special effects/martial arts flick , but I wish I had n't bought it .
 The One features an extremely silly , but also very intriguing premise . You see , our world is only one of over 100 -LRB- I ca n't remember the exact number , was it 125 ? -RRB- parallel universes that exist . You have a different personality in another world , and if you actually travel to these other worlds and kill another version of you , then you gain his or her power . That 's exactly what Jet Li is trying to do , and there are a couple of multiverse cops out to stop him . This is all just build-up for a big one-on-one fight between the two Jet Lis , so you 're basically watching 80 minutes of B.S.But that 's not to say the idea does n't hold any promise . It 's just that the movie ignores the concept in favor of big fight scenes . Being an action fan and all , that 's perfectly fine with me , except the action in this movie fails to generate any thrills since they 're way too exaggerated and involve waaayyy too much wirework . And is it just me or does anyone else find the premise of Jet Li fighting Jet Li incredibly lame ? The fun of watching a martial arts fight is seeing two different individuals going head-to-head , mano-a-mano . In this case , the fight is computer-aided and not even entirely convincing.The One does feature a few good actors , particularly Delroy Lindo and Jason Statham , both of whom are fine here , though I would have liked to have seen Statham kick a little more butt . He 's definitely got the makings of a top-notch action icon , certainly moreso than the overrated Vin Diesel . But at least we can always watch The Transporter for that -LRB- which is , by the way , a far more entertaining action thriller -RRB- . As for Li himself , he 's stuck in a role that does n't do him many favors . First , you have to wonder how his evil self is able to find his alternate versions in all the other universes if they have different names . Best explanation I can see is that he broke into the multiverse database and tracked down all the versions of himself out there , which actually raises another question
 Someone * please * tell me this is a parody . This is the same man who starred in the exquisite `` Hero '' and the well done `` Romeo Must Die '' ? If this is n't a parody , Jet Li should be ashamed .
 Jet Li , again in an action movie.Romeo must die was stupid and boring , the Matrix was a great and never seen new cool action/ciencie fiction movie.But this was non stoppin ' action without sense.I mean , the fight scenes were great , visual effects are excellent.But waht about the plot ? ... There are like 125 you in differents universes and if you kill them all , you can became a god or you can destroy the whole universes and all the people will die.I speaccially liked Carla Cugino 's -LRB- Spy kids -RRB- performance.She 's so pretty and talented.I was shoked y how she was in Spy kids ... Mama mia!Also Delroy Lindo was great.Well , this guy called JU LAW -LRB- All the 125 them are called LAW -RRB- , killed a 123 of them.And there 's only one left.If he killed him , he 'll be THE ONE.But , killing the others gave them a lot of energy.So they can kick motorcicles and cars like if they were toys.Now the one left has to stop JU LAW -LRB- But not kill him -RRB- . Can you imagine what is going to be his faith ? ... I think so.Something about the ending
 I really liked `` Romeo must die '' and expected from Jet Li something similar . But this movie is just plain ridiculous and boring . Just waving hands and legs , running as fast as a car -LRB- ???! -RRB- . Brainless plot and implementation . Even worse -LRB- I did not think it was possible -RRB- than `` Kiss of the dragon . ''
 I guess I was looking for a movie to pass the time ... What I ended up doing was reading a magazine while half-watching/listening to this movie . The plot is rather unbelieveable even for sci-fi ... Not consistent sci-fi . The acting is terrible ... I was very dissappointed with Jason Stratham 's performance after seeing him in Snatch . Jet Li should stick to martial arts , and not acting ... I 'm not a fan of Jet Li per se , but I do like good action . Some of the special effect fight scenes were great , and makes me recommend this for a rental ... Or if you 're really into Jet Li movies . Otherwise keep this ONE off your list . Seemed like it was too much of a `` promotion '' movie ... Promote Jet Li since he 's at a high point , Promote `` the next matrix '' style effects , and to promote `` Disturbed 's '' new album . Just my two cents .
 After reading that Jet Li had turned down offers to star in the Matrix ' upcoming sequels , I was intruiged at what this film could possibly have to offer that would be on par with that film 's effects and -LRB- of course -RRB- martial arts production.Sad to say , I was greatly underwhelmed by ` The One ' . The concept -LRB- while fascinating -RRB- is handled in b-movie fashion with an above-average budget , with special emphasis placed on all the wrong things.One of the reasons that ` Kiss Of The Dragon ' was so effective was that they kept the slow-motion camera work to a minimum , leaving us to be entertained by Jet Li 's naturally fast reflexes and superb choreography , not to mention a great soundtrack.In ` The One ' , it 's bad enough that the script is virtually non-existant , the action is far from Li 's best , and the comic-book rendering of his fights detract from his greatest strength
 The story was simple
 this movie was good at the beginning where Li kills himself , but another him in another dimension with some great freeze/stop effects and they he kicks them aside , mix in a little Drowning Pool and its all good , but then it just bores out with its lame pace and its wooden dialouge and characters , to the stricter sense , this should of been a hell of a lot more funner and better . though the end battle with Li and Li is great and thats what boasts it up to a two star rating . Carla Gugino , Jason Statham , Steve Rankin and Delroy Lindo also star , in which they cant save this one .
 Like a preceding film Highlander , this film has a similar theme . One man sets out to kill his alternate selves to gain an ultimate power . There are 125 alternate universes and Gabriel Yulaw -LRB- Jet Li -RRB- is from the one which has the means to travel to all others and polices the means of that travel.He is a former police officer of the Multiverse Authority who has discovered that by killing each of his alternate selves , he becomes faster , smarter and more powerful . His eventual aim is to kill them all and become The One . No one seems to be sure whether he 'll become a god or this universe will end , in fact no-one , including Yulaw himself has any idea . It 's clearly not stopping him from trying though . Obviously not a man overflowing with brotherly love when he says how his alternates are wasting their potential so he might as well be putting it to good use . Given how disreputable most of his alternates look , he does seem to have a valid point . We see him kill one of his two remaining alternates and then escape the local police before being captured by his former teammates.He does n't stay imprisoned for long . Thanks to an exploding rodent -LRB- ! -RRB- he escapes in search of the last of his alternates . This would be Gabe , who is married to a nice vet . He is perplexed as to why he has been getting stronger and faster himself . It turns out that each surviving alternate gets equally stronger as the power is equally redistributed after each death . Yulaw has the jump on everyone else as he knows what is going on and none of his alternates know about him , let alone trying to kill him.The fighting is very cartoon like , with people being thrown about like rag dolls , heavy objects being thrown about like styrofoam and impossible physical feats such as springing high walls in a single bound . That 's the point though , it 's deliberately meant to be over the top.The problem with this very slight film -LRB- it is all but over by the 70 minute mark -RRB- is ironically that it takes too long to get to what we want to see . A full on hand to hand fight of Jet Li vs Jet Li , as opposed to all the skirmishes where the two did n't really connect up to that point . The fight is extraordinary but it takes its time getting there . In the acting department , no one really distinguishes themselves apart from Jet Li , who does put some menace into Gabriel Yulaw . There are some people in this film we would expect a lot better from . Some of the other performances are actually quite embarrassing in fact.This is one of those films that it pays not to think too hard about . Since they would have worked out what Yulaw was up to well before getting this far , they should have been able to trap him by then . You 'd also think that they 'd send more than two men to get him if he was so dangerous . What especially bothered me was that for someone so powerful , they repeatedly manage to capture Yulaw again and again and if it were n't for some fortuitous -LRB- and often stupid -RRB- events allowing his escape each time , the movie would have come to an even more premature end . You especially have to worry about the people running the whole show with such decisions as to how they decide at the end which of the 2 Jet Li 's is their man . I would have also thought that the number of alternate universes would have been a base 2 multiple like 128 . Like I said , best not to think of these things too much.Overall , this film is not as good as it could have been . It failed to really explore the potential of the idea it was based on . Yulaw 's fate at the end of the film was intriguing though and it would be intriguing to have seen where that led . I would recommend `` Time and Tide '' -LRB- directed by Tsui Hark - non sci-fi -RRB- as a much better action film or The Matrix instead.They should learn more from Asian cinema . If Jet Li or Jackie Chan had never made it in the US , or outside Asia it would have been our loss , not theirs . They have made some great films in Hong Kong which are worth chasing down -LRB- Once upon a Time in China and Police Story 3 : Supercop -RRB- and the makers of their American films should learn more from them.From a couple of X-Files alumni -LRB- James Wong and Glen Morgan -RRB- and was originally planned as a vehicle for Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson . Well known fight choreographer Corey Yuen helped create the fights in this film . The extras on the DVD are fascinating , with 3 features about the making of the film , a lot of which dealt with the techniques used to make it look convincing that Jet Li was fighting Jet Li . It 's well worth seeing these to get an insight into the complexities of movies that use a lot of special effects.Not a huge success at the box office , with a budget of $ 50-60 million and grossing about $ 44 million in the US and Canada and about $ 40 million on domestic video rentals . Hopefully for the makers , the film was pushed into the black with overseas takings . Even though I was not overly satisfied with this film , I am a little curious to know what happened next and would n't mind an -LRB- unlikely -RRB- sequel . Will Gabe survive in a world where he has no job and shares all the identifying characteristics of a man declared dead by the authorities ? Will Yulaw become King of the Hill?Not really a very successful as a film but worth a look for the excellent fight at the end and 3 very good features about the making of the film . For some reason we did n't get trailers on the Australian disc .
 The idea of this film is great
 big rip-off of The Matrix . has an interesting plot and does nothing with it . 1 star for The One.i rule
 ... this movie -LSB- had -RSB- some bad action . Ill tell you what , ill have sly and jean claud conjuer up a better action movie than this , and they 'd being doing this with there hopes and dreams . First off , this is NOT `` the One '' for you . the high wire flying action is pathetic , and the acting is as about as good as pokemon . I tell you what , i 've never heard jet li say more than `` i will revenge his death ! '' and in this movie , he 's re-citing the whole ... cuantium physics-reactor-space-star trek theory . god man , do not waste your hard earned money . jet li will be good , when he does his own stunts .
 This movie is a waste of time . I saw it in a double feature with `` Serendipity , '' a romance comedy , which is billion lightyears ahead of this lousy movie.This movie 's plot is cheap . To let two Let Li 's fight each other , they used the `` parallel universe . '' It 's plain stupid . It does not hold a single drop of water . Now if you live in the same universe as the one I live , this movie is cheesy . I think some of this movie 's praisers are actually from another universe . This movie is the worst thing ever , in this particular universe.Jet Li is a good fighter . He could fight . All the movie magics used in this movie , only weakened his supposed-to-be-solid performance . I heard one said with all the tricks used , they could get Julia Roberts play the leading role . You use so much tricks only if you ca n't fight . This movie wastes Jet Li 's otherwise wonderful talents .
 Skip this one . I mean , there 's some alright action in it ... but compared to Jet Li 's other stuff , it leaves a lot to be desired .
 At first , The One seemed to be a pretty good movie . It had Jet Li in it and it had awesome special effects . But the ending was horrible ! The title of the movie is called THE ONE ! shouldnt there be only one in the end ? they were tryin to change the ways of Hollywood by making a open ended ending and its good that they tried ... but in doing so ... they messed this movie up so much ! ppl told me that this movie -LSB- was bad -RSB- and while i was watching it ... i thought it was pretty good ... but now ... i see wat they mean ... knowin that its the same ppl that made matrix ... . i think they thought they could get away makin another movie like it and make big bucks off of this and try to put in a sequel ... these greedy -LSB- people -RSB- ruined the entire movie !!!
 I was fairly disappointed . Good thing I rented this ONE , instead of buying it . I do n't want to own it . Oh well .
 -LRB- Spoilers below , but the flick 's too stupid for it to matter . -RRB- Computer technology has greatly aided the filmmaking industry . Twenty years ago , it would have been impossible to create the stunning visual effects seen in `` Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone '' , let alone an entirely digital movie such as `` Monsters , Inc. '' However the prevalence of any new technology is invariably followed by those who would rely on gimmick alone rather than quality . Such is the case with martial arts master Jet Li 's latest offering , The One.The One takes place in the future where inter-dimensional travel has become possible . Each dimension runs parallel to our own and is home to the same people , but under different circumstances , living completely different lives . Voyaging to another universe is for authorized dimensional police only . Li plays a former member of this police force going by the name Lawless . We learn , through clumsily constructed exposition , that he has defected after discovering that every time one of his alternate reality selves dies , the ` life energy ' from the dead self is distributed among the remaining selves . So Li is on a mission to travel to all of the universes and kill himself in each , becoming increasingly more powerful until he becomes ` the one ' at which point he imagines he 'll be unstoppable.As one might guess , Li also plays our hero , Gabe . Gabe is a cop in a universe that is n't aware that other dimensions exist . He lives a happily oblivious life complete with friends on the force and a beautiful wife , T.K. Lawless travels to this universe followed by two other dimensional law enforcers , Funsch and Roedecker . The two try to stop Lawless from killing Gabe , his last remaining twin , and achieving ultimate power . Oh , and did we forget to mention that it may also cause all the universes to explode ? Maybe . No one in the film seems sure.Immediately , the premise of this film catches the audience 's attention . What if there are other worlds out there ? Am I as unique as I believe myself to be ? What would I be like if one small element of my life were altered ? These are all very intriguing questions and writer/director James Wong took care to ensure that none of them were addressed in this film . Indeed , it appears that all opportunities to include thought-provoking content were patently avoided . The fact that this is an action movie , and a martial arts flick on top of that , suggests that one should n't expect in-depth social commentary or even a complex plot , but The One continually disappoints it 's viewers by raising interesting concepts and then failing to focus on them.For example , it would have been clever to show Lawless assassinating several different versions of himself , each with a different appearance and lifestyle . This could have easily been done in montage or in a sequence of short combat scenes that would have prepared the audience for the main action of the film . Instead we see only one other version of Li aside from his two main characters and a few humorous images displayed on a computer screen that make it appear as though the director simply gave Li a box of wigs and jackets to play with . Furthermore , the characters are quite weak . We are given brief introductions to each of the main players , but these serve only to remind us of some stereotype or character from another film that we can use as a mental placeholder in lieu of actual character development . After all , this is an action movie ; we 've got to get to the fighting as quickly as possible . As if that were n't enough of a deterrent , characters are unceremoniously and unnecessarily killed just as we have some semblance of an attachment to them . Both Li 's wife , portrayed by the usually brilliant Carla Gugino , and Roedecker , played by the equally talented Delroy Lindo , are executed for no other reason than to motivate Li 's good guy character and fuel hatred for his bad guy character , as if the audience could tell the difference.Predictably , the movie culminates in a huge action scene where Li fights himself . It should have been impressive , but was instead boring and much too long . The computer wizardry that allowed Jet Li to kick his own ass was actually so flawless that I forgot to be impressed by it . After Gabe finally defeats Lawless , the film tries to trick us unsuccessfully with the old ` which one is which ' routine , but I doubt any audience member was fooled . Justice prevails as the evildoer is punished by being transported to a prison universe that looks like the set of a cheap music video . Our hero is rewarded by being sent to yet another alternate reality where he is n't a fugitive for his doppelganger 's crimes and his wife is still alive . Gabe does n't seem to mind that his real wife is dead and he 's been presented with a cheap substitute . And how does he or the police know what his wife 's history is in this world ? He might fall in love with her all over again , only to discover that her favorite actor has changed from Cary Grant to Adam Sandler . Gabe can pretend his soul mate is n't dead , but he better not come crying to the dimension squad when her stand-in turns out to be a lesbian pyromaniac , decoupage lover , or a carnival freak who has undergone complex surgery to make herself a human lizard . ... Actually , that would be pretty cool . Why was n't the movie about that?Overall , The One has few redeeming qualities . The action has been done better in The Matrix and Jackie Chan 's canon , the plot is riddled with holes , and the two accomplished character actors , Lindo and Gugino , ca n't compensate for the fact that Li still has n't gotten the hang of the English language . If the premise of The One is true and alternate realities do exist , I hope to one day travel to a universe where they never made this film .
 I love Jet Li-movies but this one sucks !!! Poor script , bad execution could not save the good premise of this film .
 I wanted to like this movie , I really did ... I saw a lot of hype around this movie prior to it 's release , and it looked pretty good . I did n't get the chance to see it in theaters , but I saw it on DVD , and I do n't think it lived up to the hype . The story involves alternate universes in that one particular individual has found a way to travel to alternate time lines , kill himself in these alternate time lines , and increase his own power by doing so . He is being persued by agents from an agency that regulates this type of travel and such . The action is great , and the special effects look amazing , but the story seemed to be lacking . I 'm accustomed to this from HK action type movies , but seeing as how this was a Hollywood release , I guess I expected a little more . Lots of bang , but not a lot of substance .
 The Only reason I gave this movie 1 star is because there is no option to give it none . I beg you , do n't waste your time on this sad excuse for a movie . Horrible acting , horrible script , horrible effects , and horrible story . The idea of the multiverse is a good one , but this movie did not come up with that concept , and every aspect of this movie is a mockery of it . To me , this movie had no redeeming qualities , and it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 At an early point in `` The One , '' actor Jet Li is strapped to a steel chair , a transport of some kind , and makes the remark , `` The multiverse , every universe in it , is irrational and sloppy . '' Take away the scientific nature of that statement , and what you have is a perfect description of writer/director James Wong 's martial arts actioner , a recycle bin of old ideas and action sequences , turgid characters and ludicrous plotting . In short , it may very well be one of the worst films ever made.From the very first line , a campy narration that reveals the `` multiverse , '' composed of over one hundred separate universes , I got the feeling that the film had nowhere to go . Seconds later , we 're taken to a prison in one of the various universes , where inmate Lawless is being removed from his cell for execution . Played by Jet Li , Lawless is soon gunned down in cold blood by Yulaw , also played by Jet Li . It is here that we learn Yulaw 's agenda , hopping from universe to universe , killing his aliases and attaining their strength to become the one and only.Despite capture efforts on the part of the Multiverse Agency , who fear the imbalance of power as a result of Yulaw 's killing spree , our fearless , cocky antihero escapes to yet another universe , carrying two bumbling Agency deputies along for the ride . He plans to seek out and destroy Gabe -LRB- once again played by Jet Li -RRB- , a Los Angeles police officer who loves his veterinary wife and has a dog for a pet -LRB- so much for characterizations , huh ? -RRB- . The film is a classic case of a bad premise made even worse by lack of imagination on the part of its makers . Let 's forget for a moment that the plot recycles bits and scraps from various films , recalling such twists as the old `` Which one is the good guy ? '' trick meant to throw us off the track . Not only is such a tactic completely clich&eacute;d and overused , but it burdens the film with predictability , lacking even the good sense to at least try to reverse our initial guess.Even the film 's countless scenes of joyless , uninspired action are also to blame . Director Wong seems to have a `` Matrix '' fetish ; if the abundance of bullet-dodging sequences , in which a character quickly ducks out of harm 's way while the camera trails with the bullet itself , is n't proof of Hollywood 's lack of originality , then nothing ever will be . The martial arts fight sequences will no doubt draw comparison to films like `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , '' but , despite their well-staged appearance , they lack any sort of energy or intensity . Oh , and did I mention the big payoff sequence , a finale with sparks and slow-motion photography that will surely remind younger viewers of the final showdown from Disney 's `` The Lion King ? `` The film 's biggest problem is Jet Li himself , who plays a plethora of characters , but ca n't manage a single worthy performance as any of them . His arrogance and wit in the role of Yulaw are unaffecting and run-of-the-mill , and he seems more focused on those two traits than he does in making this antagonist into a fearsome figure . Since Gabe is little more than a pawn in Yulaw 's game of chess , the story gives us little reason to care whether or not he lives or dies . In fact , by film 's end , you may find yourself pleading with the writers to just kill them both and end it all.The good news is , Li looks right at home with the material . The bad news is , this debacle feels about as entertaining as an MRI . `` The One '' does succeed in inciting us to question the lucidity and good judgment of its characters and writers , whose efforts never rise above juvenile . Martial arts aficionados will undoubtedly embrace the film with such praiseful compliments as `` breathtaking '' and `` eye-popping . '' Consider it a mercy killing .
 Yes , do n't deny it ... It 's a `` B '' movie . Story had some interest , but was completely crapped over by the worst of acting . Clich&eacute;s from start to finish . And the awful nu-metal tracks ... -LRB- vomits in paper bag -RRB- Looking back in 5 years , you 'll realize how this -LRB- less-than -RRB- music will have dated the film . I 'm sure jocks all over eat it up , though.So basically : - stale to forced acting-ok story line-mediocre fight scenes-corny music-cheesy special effects ... beyond a doubtYeah , this was a real cheese-fest . The likes of which had the feel of a USA network world premier.Jet li , you 've really fallen from grace . Give me `` Once upon a time in China '' any day . Hope `` Hero '' is exactly that for you .
 Hey , you know the drill . Every actor/actress has a good movie and then the next one is plain terrible . This movie is a great example . Kiss of the dragon was a great movie , and I enjoyed it a lot . I saw this movie in the theaters hoping to see another action packed Jet Li movie . I was very dissapointed.To start it off , the plot was pretty good . That is the only reason it is 2 stars and not 1 . It is about a bunch of different universes . Every person on the planet has one life in every single universe . One person has an evil idea . He invents a machine that he can travel through the different universes . When he goes through each universe , he kills the person that is living his life there . So , he is just killing his own self , but that person is living in a different universe , so he will not die . Every time you die in a different universe , you get stronger , and this is what the man had in mind . Once he killed this last person , he would become `` The One '' -LRB- chessy is n't it ? -RRB- He killed every single person in the universes , EXCEPT FOR ONE . The government services devoted to protecting the universal travel decided to get rid of the 2 men left . Something went wrong . Now the government has to stop this man from becoming `` The One '' so he will not domminate the world.Yes . Good story . But here are the REALLY bad parts.First off , the graphics are just like the matrix 's graphics . Many spoofs of fighting movies have done this to be funny . We all know a few -LRB- i think -RRB- . Although , these -LSB- people -RSB- thought they would be attracting people by having good graphics ... For the entire movie , they did the camera rotations as the matrix did . FOR CRYING OUT LOUD ! IT EVEN STARTED OUT THE SAME !!! Do you know how , in the matrix , trinity is in the room , and then the police chases after her ? You know the part when she jumped from builind to building ? Ya know what happened in The One ? He was in a room . The police found him . He killed the police and ran . While police cars were chasing him , he jumped from one bridge to another part of the road . Wow ! It 's so original ! NOT !!! I ca n't believe that they would make it a complete copy of the matrix and then just say its the best movie of the year !!! Lastly , the acting was really bad . I can understand that Jet Li is chinese , and I 'm not trying to be racist or mean . But you could n't understand Jet Li sometimes , and when you did , his voice did n't sound chinese . At one time he said
 I ca n't belive Jet Li came out with this load of ... . it 's his worst movie ever . Sure it has lots of action but it was too silly and predictable . Sorry Jet Li , stick to the real martial arts movie , you 're not Vin Diesel .
 Well , I am disapointed . This is a movie to rent and watch it once but not to own . Please do not spend -LSB- the money -RSB- ; for `` The One '' ! Get Shrek !!! cheers ,
 I ordered the dvd `` The One '' , along with others , to be sent me , so that I could add them to a package for my brother in Hawaii . I noticed that the disc `` The One '' was loose inside it 's case , but because it was a gift I did n't open to check it out . I realize now that I should have and I will be doing that with future orders . Once my brother reciceved it , opened it , he was unable to watch it because it was so scratched up it would n't play.When I tried to see about returning it , I found that I only had a few days left to return it . There was no way I could get it back from Hawaii in time to send it back to you in order to get my refund . There definitely needs to be more time for returning products .
 the fifth disk wont play the rest were fine . i bought this set new and was disipointed with this i expected better
 I am an NCIS Box Set Collector and though the photo shows the normal box set , when my order arrived , it was all 6 discs in one plastic case . Collectors normally want matching box sets , not cheap reproductions . Just thought you should know . I did allow 2 stars for the value of the NCIS series and Amazon had no problem refunding my returned purchase . It was just a hassle and disappointment .
 I enjoy NCIS quite a bit and enjoy the whole series . However , this product is a piece of crap . The episodes were authored onto the DVD in low resolution . That means that on a big screen the images are VERY BLURRY with serious JPEG artifacts . I would love to give this back to the company that made it and request a better DVD set . This is not a problem with one episode or just one disk ; this is a problem on every episode and every disk in this series season . I would have given this product 1 star if it was n't a TV series I love . -LSB- I added the following subsequent to my original review . -RSB- I contacted Paramount Home Entertainment and submitted a claim that the product was inferior . After a few weeks , I found a new NCIS : S8 in the mail . This one was authored in the proper resolution for DVDs . Long story short , they fixed it.The UPC on the good NCIS : S8 and the bad NCIS : S8 are identical , but packaging is different . The bad one is in paper cardboard case with 3 small plastic DVD covers containing all the disks . The good one has a plastic case that houses all the disks in a smaller unit , about the size of a standard DVD movie case .
 The scripts , direction and acting in season 8 are great as usual . But what has happened to the DVD production quality ? It 's worse that VHS !! I bought the full set from Amazon , then to double check , I ordered the first disc from Netflix . And that one , too , had the same crappy production quality.Doesn ' t anyone else see this ??
 Atleast the first two dvds are splotchy and only play smoothly occasionaly . I gave up trying and will have to purchase another . very dissappointing : -LRB-
 Hello my name is daniel i bought ncis seasoon 8 off you , but i cant play it as it dont have the right code to play it inside Ireland , I wonder would be able tell me the code that allow me to play it in side Irelandor send me one that will play in Ireland i have no problem send you back may one as it no use to me , strange enought i have no problem playing season 9your faithfully , Daniel ,
 The first disk in season 8 was damaged . I followed instructions to return the dvd set and asked that it be replaced . I did not get a response from the seller . If he did n't have a replacement thne he should have refunded my money so I could buy another set .
 Really not the same quality of storytelling as the earlier seasons - the overarching storyline is n't there - or is n't strong enough - and viewers do n't care about the characters like they do in Seasons 4-6 , probably NCIS 's Golden Age . Back then , the show was witty , smart , and creative . Now it 's just same-old , same-old , and the new characters they try to introduce , we do n't like.Oh well . Everyone runs out of luck sometime . -LRB- By the way , I love NCIS . If you have n't watched it , I really encourage you to see seasons 4-6 . It 's just lost its touch . -RRB-
 totally love this series but i had a problem with one disc . evidently it had a minor flaw or scratch and it made watching that one miserable . other than that , it was great .
 I bought this season for my dad for Father 's day . I first purchased it used and two of the discs would keep skipping or did n't work at all . So , I bought another one new with the factory seal on it . Again , the same issue with different discs this time . I do n't know if it was just an error from the company or what is going on , but I do n't recommend you buy this season from ANY Amazon seller .
 Dragon Ball Z. ... Is it a dragon eating a ball who 's name is Z ?!? Is it a Ball that has a Z that a baby dragon plays with ?!? No offense , but it did n't make since about what this stupid movie about . Most of it was killing people and violence !!
 `` Well , we dont have much cash left , so lets do an episode where Kirk and party make use of our empty soundstage . Lets throw in a mute so we dont need to waste money on extra dialoge , and how about a torture scene for Kirk , we have n't done that yet ? `` No . . I 'm not kidding . . that 's the plot . You simply can not get through this episode without dozing off . Even poorer episodes such as `` The Way To Eden '' have a certian campy charm that allows you to overlook it 's low budget weaknesses somewhat . This one does n't even have that . I understand that Deforrest Kelly named it his favorite episode , but I will never get why.The worst episode of the entire series .
 I 'M VERY UNHAPPY THE STUDIO EVEN AGREED TO MAKE THIS PIECE OF JUNK AFTER WINK OF AN EYE . HORRIBLE STORY ! VERY BAD ACTING ! THE TITLE WAS A JOKE . AN THE VIANS SHOULD NOT BE ALOUD BEHIND A CAMERA ! GEM WAS A VEY LAUGHABLE NAME . IF THERE IS ONE 3 SEASON EPISODE THAT SHOULD BE WIPED OFF THE TREK TIMELINE , THIS IS THE ONE !
 The U.S.S. Enterprise goes to pick up research personnel on the second planet of the star , Minara . While Kirk , Spock and McCoy are on the surface , a radiation storm endangers the starship and Scotty takes the U.S.S. Enterprise out of orbit , sure that the planet 's atmosphere will protect the landing party from radiation . The three officers find themselves in an underground chamber shared with a mute humanoid which McCoy names , Gem . Two other humanoids , different from Gem , appear to them . They tell the men they are Vians , and take Kirk as a test , subject to torture . He is assured , however , that it is n't he who is being tested . Gem , who turns out to be a fully functional empath , heals Kirk 's wounds . The Vians tell the captain he must chose one of his men to be the next text subject . Each man volunteers , but McCoy wins , managing to anesthetize both Spock and Kirk , and is taken away by the Vians . When he is returned to them , McCoy is near death . Gem attempts to cure him , but is frightened by the severity of his injuries . The Vians explain to them that they are testing Gem to see if her people are worthy as a species to be saved from their doomed sun . They are testing Gem 's capacity for compassion and self-sacrifice . Overcoming her fears , Gem heals McCoy and the Vians decide that her species is to be saved . The officers are returned , unharmed to the U.S.S. Enterprise .
 I could only bring myself to watch the first hour of this horrific , disgusting movie . This movie is done in very poor taste and graphically depicts unspeakable events -LRB- young children being shot point-blank in head and graphic rape -RRB- . I highly recommend NOT watching this filth . It tries to be philosophical , edgy , and artsy but fails and ends up just being gross . It pollutes your mind and the graphic scenes are scarring .
 This is like watching a filmstrip in 5th grade -LRB- for those of you who remember filmstrips -RRB- except with the `` Oh Wow '' factor of 3d . The 3d is at times very good , but it is also at times overdone and blurry as a result . Mostly it is kind of boring . Jim Carey is rather dry and there are long stretches between actions shots . It is also VERY EXPENSIVE for the $ vs runtime . There are far better titles you can spend your money on to show off your 3d tv . I would n't have purchased this DVD if I had it to do over again .
 Where was the 3D ? Not what I paid for . Ok movie , but the 3D was barely there . Would be good for 4 years or younger .
 I was so excited to receive this video . I NEVER buy videos because I 'm not one to watch them over and over however , I thought this would be great to share with family and friends . Like others have said there is only ONE really good pop out . Granted the scenary is great and has several greath depth pieces.I hope someday they can make GREAT 3D 's with lots of popouts . That 's what makes the show.Also the price is too expensive for less then an hour video .
 We were n't able to watch it , because we do n't have a 3-D T.V. I thought 3-D glasses would work . but they do n't .
 All the other items in my original order were for 3D movies.My mistake . Did n't look close enough at checkout time .
 It 's a beautiful work of art , do n't get me wrong . But it 's extremely short , for the $ 40 I paid for this movie I was expecting much more . Tax & all I paid probably $ 1 per minute to watch , i 'll stick with redbox where the movies are $ 1 buck for the whole thing .
 Jim Carrey is certainly no David Attenborough ! Hard to ignore his total lack of skill in this genera . I 'm not sure who is worse , Carrey or Oprah Winfrey in the Life series -LRB- why would anyone purchase the Life series edition narrated by her when the David Attenborough version is available ?! -RRB- Please stop hiring these famous people to narrate just because they are famous . Compare the narration in this video to that of ` The Private Life of Plants ' by the BBC.The video itself is a B + but the narration just kills it for me . My 4y/o did n't seem to care though .
 I was really expecting this to be the best undersea 3D blu-ray in my collection , and was looking forward to its arrival.Disappointment 1
 This dvd was not as good as I thought it would be . the quality of the film was ok , but not what I thought .
 So far I have recieved everything I ordered AFTER I placed this one . I do not know what the problem is but would really like to get my stuff . Wo n't order from them again !!
 Great picture but for 41 minutes was not worth $ 40 ! Also there is global warming propaganda . Not that I 'm against earth but they kept bringing it up
 It might be better to see it on the big screen , but compared to other 3-D DVDs that I have , this DVD has a cheap visual quality . Some of the scenes are good , but overall this is boring . It did not even hold interest for my grandchildren .
 I bought this for my scuba-loving husband , after reading reviews about how wonderful the colors are . In truth , they are beautiful , and very vivid . Now if only they had spent more time on various fish instead of the primary focus being on scuttlefish , sea eels , and sea snakes ... none of which do anything for me , or my husband . Or anybody else who has watched it with us . Most people ask us to turn it off eventually because the snakes/eel get to be too much . And there 's at least 15 + minutes of scuttlefish . Interesting how they change colors , and all , but 15 out of 40 minutes ?? And Jim Carrey , while I love him as an actor , sounds a little too gleeful as the narrator . All in all , a pretty odd show .
 Was n't the best 3D . Bought it based on all of the 5 stars , but have to give it a 3.2 ish . Yes , the enviro-beatdown is SOOOO annoying ... felt like I was watching a really long Prius commercial . I understand what climate change does to the ocean , just do n't guilt-trip the audience . And , Jim Carry 's audio track was too low compared to the music track making me use the sub-titles , which really screwed up my 3D experience-they were in front of some subjects and very distorting . Also distorting was the concave window which the crew shot through from the submarine . The bottom corners of the screen were rounded and were screwing up my eyes.And TONS of ghosting.There were some outstanding shots-the Potato Cod was , by far , the best single 3D shot I 've seen on my TV ... SERIOUSLY in my face from about 8 to 10 feet away . Honorable mentions to the Eel farm and Sea Snakes . But those were the highlights . I really think of the IMAX 3D 's I 've seen , the best was Hubble 3D . Great documentary and incredible 3D production .
 Wow , I really wanted to like this movie , and bought it off of the reviews . But sadly this is just a bad movie in almost every aspect . There are moments when the 3d works and things look good , but 75 % of the time you find yourself straining to focus and unable to see what is going on . It is one big eye strain . My wife had the same terrible experience with this movie . On top of that , the script and Jim Carry 's voice over is horrible . I have a 2012 LG 55 '' passive tv , and other 3d looks fabulous on it -LRB- such as Prometheus -RRB- . I wish I had n't bought this movie , and I 'm at a complete loss as to why so many people seem to think this is a good 3d movie .
 Only 40 minutes . It 's stunning footage but not worth the price for not even an hour of programming . 3d feature makes you feel like you are under water : -RRB-
 I do n't received my product , please help me?I `` d like ones 3D video not to much expensive please.I LIve in Brasil , and i make my order have a many time , but i do n't received yeat.Whats happen ?
 I ordered this item because I thought it was advertised as 3D blue ray . I does not appear to be . I emailed the seller , but never got a response .
 We have just bought a 3D TV so are looking for DVDs that look 3D . We sat back put on our glasses and nothing popped out at us . It was beautiful with the colors but not much better then HD . I doubt if we will ever even watch the movie again so it was a waste of our money .
 If you read the attached reviews it suggests that this movie is in 3D since its from Imax but it is not not even BlueRay.So wasted money.I should have been more careful on the description and not the reviews . The reviews are not for this Movie .
 In spite of Amazon.com 's reviewer stating this item was filmed in 3D , the fact is , it will not play in 3D . YOU ONLY GET A 2D VERSION . Very dissapointing ! It should not be listed under 3D blu ray .
 ... The Biggest Rip Off On DVD . . And Theaters ... BIG TICKET PRICES And Your Out In 40 Minutes On Anything They Show . . On This Film Carrey Sucks As Narrator . . ! . . P/U
 vivid colors and pretty but not what I expected . Too much talking ... . I was expecting a movie.Don ' t care for it much
 Help ! I purchased The Blu-Ray 3D + Blu-Ray combo pack , but only the 3D disc was in the package . The 3D disc wo n't load because I do n't have a 3D player . How do I play the 2D version ? Am I missing a disc ?
 I am lukewarm to this video as there are only about 4 scenes where some ugly fish comes out at you , which makes it a good demo disk but a really boring subject if you 're not into fish eating fish . So if the movie does n't put you to sleep Jim Carrey 's narration will . In fact we found his voice so weak the music overpowers him ... and he sounds totally bored . I also found using a PS3 was very sensitive to finger prints on the disk ... even a small smudge would freeze the movie while it never bothered my other disks .
 I am a huge 3D fan and enjoyed many IMAX 3D titles both in theaters and at homeI fell for the hype and bought this only to end up getting a headache owing to horrible parallax -LRB- not cross-talk -RRB- . Almost all scenes had convergence issues where you felt like you were squinting . To illustrate what I mean , focus on your forefinger and bring it close to you eye and you will fell onset of a headache ... Not sure if this is the best they can do with under water cameras , but 3D was horrible for almost all underwater scenes . Surprisingly this convergence issue was not seen for the handful of above water scenes . Otherwise I enjoyed the narration and some colorful scenes
 Purchased this `` combo '' . The seller -LRB- abundatrade -RRB- only shipped the 3D version and covered-up the UPC area where the manufacturer had printed `` NOT FOR INDIVIDUAL SALE '' . I assume this is because the discs were part of a combo pack as is the case with other combos I have purchased . Buyer beware when purchasing from this merchant .
 I wanted to like this , I wanted the reviews it received to be accurate and to the point . But this film is terrible in 3D . I got headaches from the ghosting that occurred throughout the movie . Heed the negative reviews warnings . My setup - LG LW5300 47 '' ... Sony Playstation 3 ... HDMI 1.4 b cables sitting 7.5 feet away . There are some ok moments , but not enough to justify a purchase . This will sadly be my last IMAX Bluray to try . Life and Planet Earth Blu-ray look much much better unconverted from 2D to 3D . Again , maybe it 's better with active shutter TV , but with LG passive 3D , the images just do not pop and tend to Ghost .
 The reason for my 1 star review is based on the price and bang for the buck.To me this is priced way too high for a 40 minute show . Maybe at $ 10 to $ 15 this would have gotten 3 stars . I do n't think it would deserve 4 or 5 stars no matter what.Also , the 3D was good , but not as good as others made out . I 've heard so much about the shark scene , that when it finally got to it I was disappointed . A shark never seemed to come out of the screen and the shark scene was so short if you went to get a refill on your drink you would have missed it.There was only one scene where I thought the 3D did a decent job of coming out of the screen . Other than that , I felt that the 3D had good depth , but that was it . I like to have more jump out at you 3D than what was provided on this movie.Sorry to say that if I could sell it and lose about $ 5 - $ 10 on the deal , I would do it.I chose this movie over Step up 3D which I also heard had great 3D . Now I 'm wondering if Step up 3D is better or if people are just so wrong about both ??? For someone out there wanting good 3D , here 's what I can say based on what I 've seen.Despicible Me - Best 3D I 've seen yet in a blu ray movie . A couple of good pop out of the screen scenes and even the title menu has some good 3D effect . Would highly recommend this title.Tron - A lot of 3D depth , but really not any pop out of the screen 3D . Would skip this title.Shrek 1-4 - First 3 were redone in 3d . No real pop out at you 3D , but were still enjoyable . The 4th was created in 3D and while better than the first 3 , still did n't have any pop out at you 3D . The broomstick ride was really enjoyable though . On the fence about this one , but would say if you enjoy the movies , get it.Alice in Wonderland - really just 3D depth . No real pop out at you 3D . Would not recommend unless you like the movie . -LRB- it 's always better in 3D than 2D -RRB- A Christmas Carol - Good Depth , but really not a lot of pop out at you 3D . It 's nice to have a Christmas movie to watch in 3D , but I would not recommend unless you like the movie.Coraline 3D - Good 3D and good Depth . This movie was really enjoyable for the 3D . Not a lot of jump out at you 3D , but would still recommend this movie for its 3D content.Under the Sea - See review above . Would not recommend unless you 're just crazy about ocean life . Picture quality was good and good 3D depth , but way too short for the money .
 If you want to waste $ 34 bucks than this is it.The whole film last about less than 20 mintues , nothing extraordianry or exciting.Pros
 Classical Kata shows Bunkai on back cover , but no Bunkai on DvDTraditional Kata claims on cover there ins Bunkai , nope none there at allOriginal katas says Bunkai for the above kata , lists 7 kats and then says and more , only Bunkai is for the Pinan , and since I have his book these videos are useless to me.If you are just trying to learn the forms , not bad , but since I know all the forms from a similar system the only value these where to me was the bunkai and , well , False Advertising
 this movie isnt the greatest , save your money . I saw it since I 'm a shannon tweed fan and I was disappointed to say the least .
 All footage -LRB- Except last 8 minutes -RRB- is on you tube and is better quality than on these dvd 's . It would be a great resource if it offered superior quality to what is already out there for free .
 Keeping it short and to the point : A history section at the start of the disc is interesting , and it 's good to have such footage . Repeating it for each disc to add volume is a waste of time and money . Secondly , forget using any of this footage to study details , the footage is too grainy and badly lit , the translations voice over is erattic , some of it not even there , and the Japanese audio very slight.To get an overall impression of the style and technique of Master Saito is great , but better served if all three sections were on 1 disc . Spreading this out onto three left me feeling cheated . Do n't buy this .
 Attn Customer Svce & Potential Future customers for this product : I had ordered this 3-DVD Aikido package around mid-August 2011 for my husband 's birthday at the end of August since he was looking into starting Aikido training in the late fall/winter time-frame . I thought this would be a great b-day gift idea for him . I 'd received the DVDs but noted the quality of the DVD packaging did not look too professionally done . Since his birthday was coming up very soon , I wrapped and gave it to him for his birthday . At first , when he opened it he was excited but then noted to me that each DVD indicated about 30-minutes and hoped I did n't spend too much on these . Needless to say , I was disappointed for him as he was concerned I might have overpaid for this set given the short length of time on each DVD and concerned where I ordered it from . He put it aside as he did not get to play/use it until late October when he began his actual Aikido training . Unfortunately , to his and my disappointment , the DVD 's did not work ! We tried playing it on regular DVD player and then on each of our laptops but none of the DVDs worked on any unit we had . Needless to say , this was a complete waste of money as it had already passed the 30-days return policy time-frame . I 'm at a lost here as I put my trust in Amazon for quality of products I order through Amazon and its affiliated vendors . I would hope to return this and get a full refund but the only option available at this time-frame under the return guidelines , is to get a partial refund , with the added cost of paying out of my own pocket for shipment back to the vendor . we 're still thinking it may not seem to be worth it ... I would not recommend anyone ordering this item from this vendor as it proved disappointing for my husband , and , as well for me with not being able to give this gift he would ordinarily have enjoyed and looked forward to playing/reviewing on an ongoing basis in the future in conjunction with his Aikido training . Also , 3-DVDS with about 30-minutes each DVD is NOT worth the cost of over $ 70 that I 'd spent.Sincerely , a disappointed long-term Amazon customer,-Nora L.
 i 've just had my dvd set . but i 'm disappointed with it 's resolution . i think it 's not suitable especially for beginners .
 I received this product as a gift and it was one of the worst DVDs I have ever tried . It was immediately noticeable as scratched on the back of the DVD as if someone rubbed an object on the back , and did not work -- unable to view but a few minutes of it only and was extremely grainy , each DVD is only 30 minutes each . It looks like it was a bootleg copy made in someone 's garage . I do not recommend anyone to purchase this item , not worth it , you can find it on Youtube for free .
 I guess the one good thing I can say about season 3 is , now it makes sense why Walter wanted Belly to remove pieces of his brain . I do n't like Walternate , and my guess is that he did n't like himself , either . I miss Walter on these alternate episodes , and I hope season 4 will be back to normal . I also miss Olivia . . I do n't like Fauxlivia at all.Well at least there is a line Walternate wo n't cross . But things are just too predictable and boring .
 So now she has her ex-boyfriend , all the memories and knowledge of her alter-ego and Mr. Spock inside her head ? Must be getting a bit crowded in there.Honestly this show is getting a bit silly .
 sets up a lot of future story that will probably be entertaining but olive as William bell is a hard sell with horrible voice . I wish i would of neglected to watch this episode and hope that they separate William and olive next week do n't know how much of that my love for this show can endure .
 i am sorry about this but dvds were all scratched up.and box was all broken , which probably happened in the mail.but as you said good to very good ? sorry
 Fringe started out a bit slow in season 1 but found its voice quickly . The rest of season 1 was good , and season 2 was great . Season 3 is a major let down . I 'll watch the first few episodes of season 4 , but if it gets no better , I wo n't keep trying . I watched the entire 3rd season and was really disappointed .
 I was really looking forward to season 3 , but it 's disappointing , to say the least . I wish they had n't dragged on the story line about the other universe for so long . Seems to me the writers are stagnant . Major Bummer .
 One thing I do n't get is , since Peter is so observant , why does n't he see that this Olivia still has darker eyes ? That 's just one problem I have with season 3 . It 's really just a drudgery to watch , compared to seasons 1 and 2 . I hope season 4 and 5 are better .
 I watched season 1 and season 2 with such excitement and then the finale of season 2 happened . It totally and completely killed the series for me . I was already starting to get irritated that the series went off on a tangent and forgot about the FRZ or whatever it 's called . I tried to like it and then the real Olivia got stuck in the alternate universe . I can not watch this anymore . Things were going fairly well . Watching this series is way too much work - . -
 Well I 'm sure it 's obvious by now that I do n't like season 3 , but THIS episode is the most boring of all . There 's nothing new here that we did n't already know or could guess . I suppose they ca n't all be golden , but this one is definitely a throw away and it would n't be missed whatsoever . How many ways can I say boring ?? Bummer , characterless , cloying , colorless , commonplace , dead , drab , drag , drudging , dull , flat , ho-hum , humdrum , insipid , interminable , irksome , lifeless , monotonous , moth-eaten , mundane , nothing , nowhere , platitudinous , plebeian , prosaic , repetitious , routine , spiritless , stale , stereotyped , stodgy , stuffy , stupid , tedious , threadbare , tiresome , tiring , trite , unexciting , uninteresting , unvaried , vapid , wearisome.All those words ALMOST describe this ridiculous episode .
 First , all of the episodes play fine . They look great in Blu Ray . 5 Stars for the show , however , the disk menu functionality leaves much to be desired . This is the first Blu Ray disk playback issue I 've had w / player Sony BDP-BX38 - whose firmware is up to date . `` BD Live '' and most of the `` Features '' lock up the player , which then has to be restarted . So , I guess this review 's as much of a slam on Sony as it as on Warner Home Video . Apparently , BR development is n't all that commonized yet . My options are - wait it out and hope that Sony 's next update fixes the issue or to exchange the blu ray for DVD . Undecided .
 Such a stupid plot twist completely killed the development of the entire story line . Olivia who is trapped in the alternate universe , risks everything to break into the lab , and for a moment manages to cross back into her universe , just long enough to beg a night cleaning lady to pass on a vital message to Peter . Cleaning lady calls Peter late at night and passes on the message , stating that real Olivia is trapped in the alternate universe.Having such vital , game changing piece of intel , Peter gets up in the middle of the night , to SNOOP around like a little boy , and then decides to just randomly type in passwords to hack planted Olivias laptop ... Yeeeaaap . This is the dude thats been doing all kinds of shady , under the table deals in every nasty crevice of the world , and instead of soundly going to sleep , so he can safely burn her the next day , or I do n't know , maybe even run surveillance on her for EVERYTHING shes got , nope , he 's going to immediately tell her that he knows she 's a plant.Further more , while under her gun , Peter proceeds to INJECT himself with unknown compound , simply because planted Olivia is forcing him to . He does kind of inquire if it 'll kill him , but I guess for a fella that feels right at home in places like Iraq , doing something to him self that 'll conveniently look like a suicide , apparently makes total sense.This kind of a plot twist , is simply insulting , and after that scene they could have cut away right to ScoobyDoo . I do n't care that for some reason injection was not deadly , and Peter is going to wake up , none of that matters.Once story credibility is blown , there 's no way of recovering it . The entire development of the series was turned into a cheap joke literally in a matter of 7 minutes.Peters character was positioned as the prime focus point of the whole plot , he 's the one who is supposed to activate the next phase of the operation , and he is a complete idiot . From this point on , he might as well walk around in a sagging diaper while sucking on his thumb.Ludicrous waste of time .
 Before I give my review , I have to say that I am a `` Fringe '' fan . Even though I started watching during season 2 and then watching season 1 , I quickly fell in love with those two seasons . They had excellent writing , good memorable characters , and a fascinating premise . I was so looking forward to season 3 , but my hopes were dashed . The writing went downhill ; characters stopped being as memorable ; story lines were boring or did n't make any sense at all.WARNING
 There is a flaw on disc 5 which made it impossible to watch the first episode on that disc to completion . This is the second time I have encountered.this problem with a DVD purchased from Amazon , and it is the last time I will make that.same mistake again.pauldavidinsf@yahoo.com
 In the time this video took to start playing , I downloaded it on itunes instead , in HD and watched the episode . If your vod service is going to be this slow and useless , please at least price it accordingly . The five green dots of the loading never stopped , even when moving the player to low quality setting . I would ask for a refund , but I bought the episode from a $ 5 twitter credit -LRB- encouraging people to try it for free , I guess -RRB- . Obviously that post has been deleted . Lesson learned , amazon vod still behind itunes , which for the same price is a no brainer .
 What is J J Abrams thinking ? Same as `` Lost . '' The first season was out of this world . Then it went to bad guy/good guy . Bad universe/good universe . Bad Olivia/good Olivia . All the ideas are gone . It was a five star show . I give it one for season three . The idea people in Hollywood should take a pay cut . Such a waste .
 I enjoyed the past 2 seasons of Fringe . However , the current `` Total Alternate Universe '' theme in EVERY episode this year , is both annoying and confusing.Fringe is on the Fringe of loosing this fan !
 2 dollars an episode Is way too much to charge , episodes used to be one dollar and even that was excessive . It should n't cost more than 10 cence to watch an episode . I will not be using amazon for streaming video again untill they Lower their prices .
 I love sci-fi , but sometimes the repeating theme can get to you ... this show might have been good if you only watched one episodes every few weeks , but if you watch two or three in a row ... ugh ... I often found myself walking into the kitchen , forgetting I was watching a new episode for the first time ... everyone felt like a bad repeat about four episodes in ...
 This show would have been cut long time ago if it was not from JJ Abrams . Terrible show to begin with , totally off the wall but manage to get some good ratings due to its initial time slot . The show 's ratings start going downhill once it was move out of the original time slot . But yet it gets renewed year after year while much better shows with better ratings get cut by Fox one after another .
 Well when Dimension Films -LRB- owned by the Disney Company -RRB- released this movie on DVD . It was this largely bare bones release , followed some months later by an unrated two disk set . Now right away , that was bad and cheap DVD work . Done largely by studio greed to make more money and that 's all.Ignoring that however and the violent nature of this movie , coming down to film content itself . There is no story . There is nothing here at all that counts as story . No acting , no script , lots of MTV style work here , but no story at all . And if a movie has no story , it is nothing.Not to mention the fact that is porn .
 Any filmmaker that dares to try an adaptation of a comic book faces many problems . In order to put page to screen within a tidy two hour package , it is absolutely necessary to change elements of the comic that will get even casual fans up in arms . Also , comic books overwhelmingly tend to feature characters and events that defy reality , making special effects take front and center over the characters that are often the main appeal in the first place.Director / Editor/Writer/Composer Robert Rodriguez has managed to circumvent some of those problems while taking others head on . Sin City is based on a black and white comic book series that very few people in the audience would even recognize . Rodriguez left the Director 's Guild of America to bring artist and writer Frank Miller on as co-director to duplicate the comic panel by panel . In the process he effectively sidesteps any criticism from hard-core fans . Going in the opposite direction for effects , Rodriguez takes a story that could be done with very few special effects and no computer imagery at all and completely soaks each and every black and white frame with as much technical wizardry as he can . Shot entirely with digital cameras and using very few sets , it is clear Rodriguez had a ball making the picture , but as all students of film know , making a good movie is about as fun as a root canal with no painkillers.The plot itself consists of three interweaving tales dipped in incredibly gruesome violence , rolled in hard-boiled noir , and sprinkled with macho male fantasy . Indeed , the three heroes soak up bullets like a tank and do n't die , and every woman in the movie is either a stripper , a prostitute , or just plain naked . The first and by far most interesting tale is that of Mickey Rourke 's Marv , a hulking brute of a man who relentlessly kills his way across the computer generated Basin City to avenge the death of a prostitute . Next up is Clive Owen butchering an American accent as Dwight , one of those people who does n't seem to have a specific role in society but who still manages to get himself and an entire town full of prostitutes into grave danger . Ending the miniature trilogy is Bruce Willis as John Hartigan , a cop with a bad heart -LRB- literally -RRB- that protects a girl from a repulsive but powerful pedophile . Aside from Rourke , the star-studded cast is generally calm and unmemorable . Most surprising of all is the normally reliable Willis , who speaks his lines as if he has a sore throat and is reading them from a note card held up by a production assistant.In adapting Frank Miller 's excellent work to screen , Rodriguez brought everything but the kitchen sink and the soul . Style and effects is the name of the game here , with the story itself a very distant third . Despite the ferociousness of the violence , it fails to make an impact as the film never ratchets the emotional intensity of the characters to anything above a whisper . When Willis ' character struggles through a heart attack to save a young girl , he seems more like he has a bad case of diarrhea than a serious heart condition . Noir style dialogue that lights up the comic book falls completely flat when said with the painful lack of flair demonstrated by the majority of the cast . The strict adherence to the frames of the comic is a fatal flaw . The lack of versatility in the shots leads to awkward moments that resemble the type of cartoon the film needs to avoid . A subtle but deeply damaging aspect is the music , which attempts to be noir but sounds like it was composed a few hours before prints were to be shipped out to theaters.It is interesting that both Rodriguez and Sin City are so frequently compared to Quentin Tarantino 's Pulp Fiction . Rodriguez and Tarantino are good friends , and Tarantino even `` guest directed '' a short segment of Sin City . As I watched that segment , I longingly thought of Tarantino 's films , celebrations of all that is film and pop culture , bringing the best elements of both together . Sin City definitely has similarities with Pulp Fiction , but where Sin City lacks a serious consideration for the thoughts and feelings of its characters , Pulp Fiction revels in any and everything to do with the people on screen . Watching anything by Tarantino gives you the awe-inspiring sense of watching a master at the top of his game , while Sin City just makes you sadly shake your head at a big kid playing with his digital toys .
 I ca n't believe this movie.The dialogues consist of endless one phrase pre-killing warnings , like `` You just made the greatest error of your life '' , `` You will regret it ! '' and so on , after which the actor/actress throws a `` meaningful '' dramatic look at the bleeding victim and pull out their big gun/sword/bazooka ... The women have of course their own bazookas stuck in their leather G-strings and their hair always has wind in it and they are really really badass.Everyone 's voice is low and dramatic and it becomes kind of monotone and makes you want to sleep , especially whith the movie being always so dark.I found it terrible and predictable . But if you like computer games with women fighters you probably will enjoy this .
 Frank Miller 's popular underground graphic novel is one of the most intense , dark , and dastardly comic books I 've ever seen . Along with David Lapham 's Sray Bullets series , I ca n't think of a better example of dark underground comic book that is entirely necessary , and as dark and twisted as it should be.With that , I have to express my disgust with this so-called adaptation . I say `` so-called '' because this film is n't really adapted as simply transfered , uncreatively , from one artistic medium to another . Nothing is changed from the comic book , except there are less boobs . Whereas the comic book is creative and artistic , the movie is one long cartoon that plays the same thing over and over again . Its predictable , the dialogue is corny -LRB- because as good as it may sound in your head reading off the page , hearing from actors attempting to make it sound serious is cliche , boring , and , again , corny -RRB- . The violence is cartoonish , at best , and with the exception of Mickey Rourke , I could n't stand a single actor in this film , no matter how sexy she might be , or how believable as a tough guy he might be . The plots are not to be questioned , but instead how they are arranged . I think this movie could have been more watchable if the scenes between plots were intercut , instead of just showing one right after another . Instead of waiting to see what happens next , I was just waiting for the ending . When I first read the comic about 9 years ago , I thought they 'd make a great series of film noir tales . Instead of trying to do something creative , or re-visit the long overlooked genre of film noir , Rodriguez instead took the easy way out and decided to instead plaster Miller 's material on to a film reel . I do n't care how many people die , or how cool it looks , this film is totally unnecessary . If I wanted to watch a 2 hour comic book , I 'd just go ahead and read the comic book .
 The main purpose of the filmmakers was to make it look , panel for panel , EXACTLY like the comic . Mission accomplished.As for plot and characters that we care about what happens to , this movie is a complete failure . The film is a mish-mash of several of the comic 's stories . It all ends up as a complete mess.The make-up for the more bizzare characters looks ridiculous next to the more human-looking in the cast . And as for Miller 's tenth-rate , `` hard-boiled '' dialogue ... some things are better read in a comic book than actually spoken . It comes off real cheesy.Stick with producing over-priced comic books , Frank .
 I had gone to the movies that evening , honestly , with relatively high expectations . Sin City had looked quite promising -LRB- stylistically , at least -RRB- . The opening credits was the first step towards the the wrong path . Tacky , unsuitable for the flavor of the film , the text roled across the screen . At the mention of Michael Madsen , I perked up , hoping to see much of him since he was introduced as if he were a central character . The rest of the cast , mostly flashing in cheap film glory , was nominically impressive , but lacking in substance.Marley Shelton slinked on a rooftop seductively as a dashing Josh Hartnett came up behind her , babbling trite , pulp nonsense . The dialogue , to use layman 's terms , was corny and poorly executed.Confusingly , the plot shifts to a timeworn and sparse good-cop who is played dryly by Bruce Willis -LRB- the role on him is ridiculously overdone like a dead horse beat to post-mortal exhaustion -RRB- . We meet Madsen 's Bob briefly , and are disappointed . Random violence ensues , and we catch our eye-full of the first event of castration , which occurs at repeatedly at random intervals throughout the film.Again , the plot takes a drastic turn to a grotesque , yet terrifically portrayed -LRB- by Mickey Rourke -RRB- Marv , the epitomy of the city 's grimy underbelly . Surprisingly , I recognize his angel - -LSB- ... -RSB- girl from the teen movie , Slackers , in which she played a sweet , blond girl-next-door -LRB- she 's put on pounds and years since -RRB- . The story is played out rather absurdly . Yet , it is undeniable how chilling Elijah Wood 's role as Kevin the cannibal is . The choreography is mediocre , but the gore is exceptional . Miller evidently relies on shock value to capture the audience.Clive Owen is the next victim to Miller 's lunacy . An actor who falls short of praise for Arthur and Closer , is frankly horrible in his role as Dwight , a random murderer . This reminds me of how horrendous Brittany Murphy is as she never fails to be . Benicio del Toro , on the other hand , was amazing as Rafferty , and later the corpse 's head.The scene shot by Quentin Tarantino stands out painfully from the rest of the film . There is more spark and whimsy in his fight sequences and character interactions . Move over , Rodriguez . You 're the wrong man for the job . Tar pits , dinosaurs , Rosario Dawson in disgusting clothes . Shooting , shooting , shooting . And a brilliant Michael Clarke Duncan . Finally , the resolution.I am relieved when we return to Hartigan 's -LRB- Willis -RRB- story . Madsen is back for the second and last time . Jessica Alba prances in leather pants . She is remarkably dumb and useless . Quite seriously , she is the character that stands out the least . The classic damsel in distress is too easy to play . Nick Stahl is refreshingly evil and rotten as -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- if only he had won the fight . . -RRB- . Not to ruin the film -LRB- it does a fine job of that itself -RRB- , but the old guy saves the girl , and yadda , yadda , yadda , he dies . Thank God it 's over.Now , what I really appreciated about the movie was the innovative style that was used in cinematography . Honestly , I expected to be more dazzled , but the undertaking was still admirable . A fair fraction of the acting was solid
 And no , I 'm not talking about good wine , but rather cheap crap . Face it my `` peeps '' you 've all be duped . This so-called movie barely passes as a collection of moody pseudo-arty black-and-white poppycock . My ex-boyfriend - yes , we split amicably and are still friends - told me that this movie was nothing more than a contractual obligation for Robert Rodriguez and partially funded by yes , your least favorite liberal and mine
 I wanted to like this film , i really did . But it just reaked of some lame video game storyline all linked together . It is true to the source material but when adapting a comic to another formal you need to adjust it to that format . This has not been done here . In essence you get a moving graphic novel . If this was to be adapted to a novelisation would the source material be used so literally . I think not . This film was all style over substance . Bad story , lame characters , lame action . It gets one star for Rutger Heurs great performace .
 No more buying DVD 's for me ... this double dipping crap is just unbelieveable ... it 's bad enough that come next year or so when I can actually afford to get a nice spanking new HDTV , I 'm going to have to either buy an HDMI compat . DVD player , or re-buy most of the films in my current dvd collection on BLU-Ray , or whatever the newest new format comes out ... this is pathetic , from here on out , my dvd budget is going to the nearest rental chain ...
 I pity all the poor idiots who enjoyed this movie , because their IQs are n't even high enough to understand how stupid they are . This is , without a doubt , the lowest form of entertainment I have ever been subjected to . I only regret that I did n't walk out of the theater sooner . The sex , drugs , and violence are uncontrolled and take over the entire movie . The plot is minimal at best . The visuals are revolutionary , but who cares when that 's the only good quality ? Sin City is common , unremarkable , and fit for white trash .
 So I saw `` Sin City '' ; another in a long line of films that look good , but are n't good . Yeah , I know there are sexy women and lots of nudity , but for these types of films a story would be nice . And while I respect Frank Miller as an artist , I am not really a fan of his work . Also , Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino have done much better in the past . See `` From Dusk Till Dawn '' for what I mean.I used to really respect Rodriguez as a director , but ever since he got caught up in the 3-D craze , he really has n't made anything that has excited me since `` Spy Kids 2 '' . I 'm referring to `` Spy Kids 3 '' and `` Sharkboy and Lavagirl '' . Even his standard films like `` Once Upon a Time in Mexico '' have suffered.Rodriguez is currently working on a sequel to `` Sin City '' . I can hardly wait -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- .
 This movie is not worth the time wasted watching it . I repeat , TERRIBLE MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!
 First , let me start off by saying that I 'm a huge comic book fan . I 'm even a big fan of some of Frank Miller 's work and recognize that Batman
 This movie was the worst piece of garbage I 've ever seen . I loved Resoviour Dogs , Dusk til Dawn , True Romance so I 'm not adverse to violence but this was awful . Even though it was not a true color film , it was just sickening . Not for teenagers !!
 the viuals were good , the actors were bad and the story line just blows .
 While Sin City is an exceptionally stunning film its pathetic attempt at plot and character development falls flat . It is visually compelling but empty of meaning , interest and emotional impact . While I was captivated by the first twenty-minutes or so , I soon became bored and found the visual effects grating and annoying . The characters -LRB- and the actors themselves -RRB- are often quite beautiful -LRB- Jessica Alba , Rosario Dawson , Jaime King , Brittany Murphy -RRB- but not in the least bit engaging . There is not a character in the entire movie that holds any emotional appeal whatsoever and , while the film features some incredibly fine actors -LRB- Mickey Rourke , Elijah Wood , Bruce Willis , Nick Stahl , etc. -RRB- all are wasted in thoroughly unlikable , one-dimensional roles . Many found this movie to be overly violent and , to a great extent , I agree . The violence is intense , but as cartoonish and one-dimensional as the characters who commit it . Yet the saddest part is that it was violence for the sake of violence -LRB- think the opposite of movies like The Godfather or Saving Private Ryan -RRB- and , as a result has no emotional resonance . Instead it is simply depressing and unpleasant . In general I found the movie to be pointless and extremely over-hyped . It resembles a comic book -LRB- or , if you prefer , `` graphic novel '' -RRB- in every way
 This movie was absolutely ridiculous , if I could have given it a negative star I would have . I can not see how people sit through it . I tried to watch it once and it was so stupid I could n't even do it . I finally forced myself to sit through it and it was even stupider than I originally thought it would be . I do n't know what kind of people like this movie but I 'm not one of them ... Rent it first before you decide to buy it !!!
 In my opinion this was a good movie , but in now way deserved all the hype . The plot felt a little stupid and forced.Want to see this movie ? Save money by renting it from Blockbuster , because you 'll only need to see it once .
 The visuals are great but the endless worship of violence is sick and pointless .
 Not much to like here . As interesting and well done as the movie is from a visual standpoint , I could n't have cared less about the characters . Everyone in the aptly named Sin City is morally bankrupt . They do all the wrong things for the `` right '' reasons , which usually means rescuing a damsel in distress from a child molester or serial killer cannibal . Violence is the norm in this twisted bizarro world . In addition to routine shootings you 'll also find neck-slashing , impaling , amputation , beheading and body parts being ripped out . At times I felt like I was watching a horror movie , especially when Alexis Bledel shows up as a double-crossing hooker.All the stories in this movie take place only at night , and the whole thing is shot in stark black and white with a few splashes of color here and there . The tough guy `` heroes '' talk in hoarse , low voices , even when they 're not doing hokey film noir narration . As much as I love Clive Owen , he comes across as laughable at times , but the big surprise here is Rosario Dawson . She does an amazing job with what she 's given .
 Wow . Robert Rodregeiz , Quentin Tarantino together again . The big failure of this film is its screenplay . It reads like a porno novel , using dialog no one would ever use . The second failure of this movie is there are NO characters in this film that is likable . The animation/live action blend is great and the action is pretty non stop . Also , the film is very violent . It would make Freddy or Jason flinch !
 I just saw this movie . It 's intended to be over-the-top , but it goes so far over that it becomes a self-parody . The writing is cheesy and cliched , and the actors ca n't help but overact to match.It 's also interesting that the only jobs available to women in this movie 's world are scantily clad waitresses , strippers , naked lesbian parole officers , and whores . I 'm all for T&A ; , but this was ludicrous.If you want to see excellent film noir that 's sexy , violent , and amoral , check out Romeo Is Bleeding . Only see Sin City if you want to laugh yourself sick .
 Possibly the worst movie ever made . I hated it , and was thrilled when it ended . How they got name stars to appear in this bomb is amazing to me .
 Now , I actually love Sin City and I think it should herald a new era of quality adaptations of works . However , this dvd release is simply the pits and deserves to be ignored by any self respecting fan . Double dipping is a low practice , but it 's not beyond this disc 's distributors . I 'm waiting for the special edition , which should have been the first , last , and only edition .
 There will be a special edition out before christmas for this awesome movie ! If you REALLY like the movie , save your money and buy that , itll have a lot more scenes and special features
 Do not let the slip covers and giveaways fool you ! This is the rushed version of the DVD ! In a short time the 2 disk S.E. will be here with more extras than you will know what to do with !
 This was one movie I could n't wait to have , so I pre-ordered . Movie is perfectly acted , violent , and graphically beautiful.This DVD , however , comes with almost NO extras . Spend the extra US$ 5 and get the `` Uncut , super-duper , extended '' version .
 First off , I am a huge Frank Miller fan ! Read the Sin City comics from the start . While I respect the great effort to remain faithful to the source material , I think this movie fails on many levels . Some of the acting is terrible , lines that might work in a comic book word balloon just come off stiff and goofy on screen . Michael Madsen 's acting stands out the most ! Was he underpaid?The CastBad - Frodo as serial killer ? Bruce Willis as a 60 year old cop ? Jessica Alba , great body , no acting skills - see Fantastic Four , or entire career . Bleh . Would n't less famous actors have been a better choice?Good - Mickey Rourke as Marv . Roy Batty -LRB- I mean Rutger Hauer -RRB- actually works as a Cardinal . Rosario Dawson , perfect look for Gail . Brittany Murphy as Shellie , perfect ! These are all based on look , acting is mediocre for the most part , I blame the script more than anything.The LookThe film is both faithful to the source material and beautiful , environments , clothing , rain all bathed in a world of impenetrable shadow and glowing light , work as they did on the comic book page . But the actors faces are lit with more definition , mid-tones , etc. which is weird . A world bathed in shadow should effect people too , right ? When actors are not the primary focus on screen , the look is incredible . Other times , actors just seem pasted on top , very distracting.Most comic book movies are hurt by odd changes to the source material . Others by avoiding the big expensive special effects , no Galactus in Fantastic Four ! Sin City suffers from the opposite.If you want to see a movie with the look of Sin City where the actors and environments mesh perfectly , check out Renaissance ! The Sin City story is better , but visually , Renaissance works much better.Maybe Sin City 2 will be better , regardless of my disappointment , I will see the sequel .
 Sin City is a interesting failure in that it portrays a stunning grim and grimey metropolis , but populates it with supermen and women who are as out of place there as Clark Kent is in Batman 's suit . Even Hartigan -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- , the most vulnerable character whose heart condition that acts up at the most inopportune times , can survive a myriad of bullets and still live to tell the tale . I even might have looked away from these points if the stories made up for them . Well , they do n't . There is no mystery in them ; they just blame some sort of authority power whether it 's government , police , religion , etc , for all the problems the characters are having at the time.Okey dokey , how about the characters ; they have to be sympathetic and interesting , do n't they ? Marv -LRB- Mickey Rourke -RRB- and Hartigan are the best and deserve better stories . Dwight -LRB- Clive Owen -RRB- is a typical tough guy character who is n't given as much to chew on as the other two except for perhaps Rosario Dawson 's lips . Why , though , is he given the power to jump pretty high off the side of a building to chase after Jack -LRB- Benicio Del Toro -RRB- ? Because if he did n't , he would n't have missed the key bit of information that Shellie -LRB- Brittany Murphy -RRB- was going to tell him about Jack . Did she say `` stop '' or something important I needed to know ? Oh well , off to whoretown ! That 's just lazy storytelling and gives off the clue that there really is n't a very good story being told in the first place.The visuals though are completely brilliant , and it 's probably worth the price of admission just to see them . Even though I 've only seen samples of his work online , I can see Miller is a wonderful artist , and his visual work translates wonderfully on the big screen . There 's tribute here to all the great film noirs of the 30 's , 40 's , and early 50 's , and I 'm sure Rodriguez and Miller screened several of them to the crew for inspiration . It 's a pity though that this one is n't that good .2.5 / 5
 I really thought this movie was going to be the best for the year . It had such a big name cast and the special effects looked so cool ; it was all exciting . what a surprise i was in for . firstly , the special effects are great . that 's why i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . your eyes will be dazzled . but it is boring , slow , and long . there is WAY too much talking . i 've never ever seen a movie with so much talking in my life . and i do n't mean talking as in `` give me action and stop the talking scenes . '' i mean even when there 's action they slide talking into the action scenes . it got so irritating ; it was like shut up already , do these characters have to talk every single thing ? additionally even though it is an action movie there is n't really that much action , i think that 's what made it fail . jessica alba looks great in it though !
 So maybe I 'd give it 2-1/2 stars if it was possible.The good
 I remember when a friend of mine told me about a movie -LRB- I 'm not going to say the name -RRB- in which one of the characters is a hitman and killed people with a smile in his face and adding a sarcastic and cynic remark and he did n't stand it because of that , he said , human life is a precious gift . I watched Sin City last night and I think that it is one of the more violent trash-movies I 've ever seen . Violence is always a bad thing but in this case is senseless and really stupid . Americans should realize that this country is one of the more violent in the world . People kills each other sometimes only for the pleasure of killing -LRB- think about the sniper in the Washington DC area 3 years ago -RRB- One of the reasons for this is what we see in the movies . And this movie is an example of that . Frank Miller is a mental-illed guy and his stories should be avoided at any cost . Do n't buy or see this piece of garbage !
 First of all my friends had to drag me to the theatre with them to see this movie . The violence was completely disgusting at points . The scene where that freak `` Marv '' severs Elijah Woods arms and legs , restricts the blood flow by tying off his arteries to keep him from bleeding to death and prolong his agony , before finally severing his head was a real turn off . Marv is someones idea of what a hero is supposed to be I guess . But he is clearly not mine . Bruce willis has a strong role here but its not enough to save this movie . Overall Sin City was such a downer that it left me wishing I had stayed home and popped `` Return of The Jedi '' into my dvd player instead .
 I tried to watch , some of this mess last night , on the advice of one of my co-workers in which he said , was a pretty good flick . Now , I 'm asking myself why ? Why did he do this to me . Most of the violent scenes , killings in this movie , are just plain ridiculous and stupid !!! For example , the one with the lesbian probation officer , did it make any sense to have her shot that many times like that?I mean , just plain OVER KILL !! After that , and with the beheading -LRB- which he deserved -RRB- of the serial killer , I said , O.K. I HAD ENOUGH !! I took this B.S. out of my DVD player , put in Sade ' Lovers Live concert DVD , to get my sanity back .
 I already know that most people are not going to like this review because it 's considered hip and cool to like this film , but it 's all visual flair and style , with little substance , depth or reason to care for the characters . And , unfortunately , it 's about 40 percent too long . If whittled down to just two chapters , it would have been great popcorn entertainment , a heck of a violent ride from beginning to end.On a side note , just because people express negative opinions about a post , that does n't mean the opinion is n't valid , rather , it can often mean that the people disliking an honest critique of a movie are simpletons far too easily amused.But back to the movie , the chapters with Mickey O'Rourke and Bruce Willis are great . But the one with Clive Owen goes on far too long , with too many pseudo endings . And the opening and closing act suffers because Josh Hartnett comes off as the clothing model that he was -- all surface , no depth . He 's more wooden than Hayden Christensen 's performance as Mannequin Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars prequels.An interesting study in how to make a movie look and feel like a comic book come to life , but some emotional depth and resonance would have given these chapters some depth , and make us care for what happens to the characters . But as it is , it 's just cheap laughs and a big-budget exercise in style over substance . Sure , your friends might think you hip and cool for going along with the crowd and singing the praises of Sin City , but honesty will make you more original and an independent thinker , free of the simplistic views of most of your peers.Yes , the simplistic kind of thinking -LRB- or non-thinking -RRB- that will have people saying my review , and others that are critical of this movie , are bad ones .
 The DVD extras of Rodriguez and Tarantino directing are better than the whole film . Still , do n't buy this . Why ? You 're encouraging him . Do n't encourage him . Let him move on to make something with a modicum of depth ! -LRB- Both in look and story . -RRB- I saw Sin City at a sneak preview for film critics and fanboys before it even came out . My friend got tickets from a comic store . I am probably the biggest fan of Rodriguez out there . I really wanted the film to be good . I was so amped on the trailers , I showed my students them for two months . I show his 10 minute Flick School on breaks , his home studio tour during class , etc. . I am his biggest fan.BUT : If you like bad British TV shows and bad off off off Broadway theater , you will love Sin City . The makeup on that Yellow B * st * rd was worth the price of admission to a true fanboy -- it was phenomenal ; but everything else just blew blew blew . From shot selection to story to dialogue to bad green screen work to pace to character development , it just was a major disappointment . Do n't get me wrong , I wanted it to be good , but it was so bad people were laughing at it and some even booed it afterward.Shot selection
 I WOULD 'VE GIVEN THIS MOVIE 5 STARS , AND DECLARED IT THE GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME WERE IT NOT FOR JESSICA ALBA 'S REFUSAL TO GET NAKED . THIS ABSOLUTELY RUINED THE INTEGRITY AND THE BELIEVABILITY OF THE FILM . FIRST OF ALL , SHE WAS NAKED IN THE COMIC BOOK , AND ABSOLUTELY ANY CHANGE IS UNACCEPTABLE AND IMMORAL . SECOND , AS IT IS , THE STRIPPERS IN SIN CITY ARE ACTUALLY DRESSED IN A LESS SUGGESTIVE MANNER THAN THE WOMEN THAT ARE JUST STANDING AROUND . WHAT THE HELL SORTA SENSE DOES THAT MAKE ? ANYWAY , RODRIGUEZ SHOULDA CANNED HER WHEN HE FOUND OUT THAT SHE WOULD N'T DO IT AND FOUND SOMEONE ELSE WHO WOULDA GOTTEN NAKED . NAKED AS HELL . HAD HE DONE THAT IT WOULD INDEED HAVE BEEN THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER , BUT AS IT STANDS IT IS THE WORST MOVIE EVER . WHAT A SHAME .
 If are totally desensitized to unnecessary human violence and cannibalism then by all mean watch this movie . But , if you have any comapssion for the human race do n't .
 Do n't get me wrong , the movie looked great but it was still a major bore . It was slow and the comic-book dialogue only made it cheesy . I saw it in the theater with digital projection and I still found myself checking my watch . Unless you 're a comic book dork you 're probably better off finding something else to watch .
 yeah , that about describes the movie ` sin city ' . do n't be taken in by its hard hitting razzle-dazzle visual nonsense and its self-important comic book story telling.why this movie got so much attention from people and critics alike beats me.not impressed .
 Ok ... I 'm seeing a lot of mentioning about the `` double dipping '' with the extended version coming out in December . Most of the comments negative . The thing is 1 . maybe if people took the time to do research before buying a movie they would n't complain about it . It was all over the net prior to this version being released that there would be another edition coming out in the near future for the `` true collector '' . 2 . Maybe some people just want to see the movie as it was in the theater and really do n't care about the extra stuff . Heck both versions of Lord of the Rings movies still sell and they have just a regular version and a directors cut .
 So this DVD seemed promising as the menu was up and I was geared up to watch this excellent movie ... but then once it started something very important seemed to be missing ... yes it was the audio throughout the film . There was audio in the menu but not the actual movie ... so that was pretty lame
 Although the photographic style shows originality , some of the violent scenes were fun , and the actors did a good job , the story is boring . By the time the movie was almost over , I was waiting for relief from watching this stinker . When it was over , the only satisfaction came from not having paid movie theater prices for the entire family .
 The current PC word used by those who object to the unnecessary violence is probably , ` gratuituous ' ... . I 'm not much up on my PC-correctness . To others , it contributes to the film 's `` ambience '' ; you know ... film noir . yeah , right.Sam Peckinpah 's `` Wild Bunch '' and `` Straw Dogs ' '' violence created about the same stir , impact , and impression that I 've read among the 4-5 star reviews here . And what is Peckinpah 's reputation among the young , today ? Exactly -- Sam who ?? -LRB- and that meager reputation is well-deserved ; film as art , nor craft , did n't benefit from Sam Peckinpah -RRB- His films were just as bad ; hokey-thin plots and monotonous over-kill violence for its ' own sake -- sure , it creates an `` atmosphere '' , and if the viewer needs that element in film in order to consider it ` break-through entertainment ' or `` film noir '' , then I say , `` If God did n't want them sheered , he would n't have made them sheep '' . There 's nothing new here ; in fact , it 's all grindingly familiar in a borish way . The `` special-effects '' graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum -- `` Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid '' , `` Roger Rabbitt '' , `` Forrest Gump '' , `` Gladiator '' , are all better examples of like talents used to better results . Mickey Rourke 's performance is ` live osmosis ' -- he 's as wooden as ever . He might as well be Clarence Williams III . His low deadpan monotone spewing 3rd grade dialogue , coupled with action-adventure violence that is deemed ` unacceptable ' for TV only means that such dribble ca n't be viewed for free -- but it 's definitely not worth even a matinee 's price nor 2 hours out of one 's life -- we gave up after about 20 minutes.If imitation is Hollywood 's sincerest form of flatulence , Peckinpah should be smilin ' ... and Tarantino too , for having skinned all the willing sheep from their money . Film noir ? More like
 I am so glad I rented this rather than follow the advice of most of the reviewers on this page and buying it . I did n't even get past the first 20 minutes . It is truly disgusting . I guess if you are a big fan of this kind of comic book you will love it .
 thought maybe I missed something - so I picked up the DVD . I did n't miss much . It 's an awful film that looks great . Rourke gives a stunning performance . Too bad it was in such a waste of time film . I liked the books by the way ... but a load of the dialogue comes off as ridiculous when it 's said out loud rather than being filtered by your brain in context of paneled art . Glad that people dig it , maybe this kind of stylized film can be built around a good screenplay . Did I mention the music gave me a headache ?
 I am a big fan of Frank Miller , the Sin City comic book series , Robert Rodriguez , Quentin Tarantino , pretty much all of the actors in the film , and the film itself . I loved this movie , it was like a dream come true for me , being such a huge fan of the comic and the author to see him come together with my favorite director , Robert Rodriguez . The film turned out great , was totally faithful to the point that it LOOKS like the comic book . Its just a great movie , i 'll leave it at that.That much said , the DVD is weak . There is one special feature , and there is nothing special about it . Its like a 10 minute -LRB- if that -RRB- junket that pretty much only serves to advertise the movie . Weak sauce . There are three incredibly cool and creative people involved with making this movie , plus this movie is shot and put together in such a cool way , its a disservice NOT to have special features about the making of this movie . Besides that they could also have features about the comic book , etc. . . Even if they didnt do that much ... aside from `` The Faculty '' what Robert Rodriguez DVD has not come with `` Ten Minute Film School '' and a commentary track ?!?!? None that I can think of ... . So i was pretty let down.Anway , you have to get the DVD if you want to watch the cool movie at home , but i would hope that there is a better version on its way .
 I loved this movie to death , but once again the studios are trying to screw you . Robert Rodriguez has OFTEN spoke at OFFICIAL press conferences saying that a 3-Disc DVD will be available this year , with 30 minutes to each vignette . This will be the BARE-BONES , STUDIO RELEASE . So , think you can wait a few months ?
 the 2 disc -LRB- and better version -RRB- is coming in december . save your money .
 WAIT for the SE ! If you are not a DVD collector , and do n't care about double-disc sets and extras , then go right ahead . Otherwise , this is a bare-bones ploy to get your $ $ $ . -LRB- BTW - movie is 5 stars . -RRB-
 Maybe I missed something by not seeing this in the theater ; maybe the living comic book visual style of SIN CITY was so dazzling on a big screen that it obliterated any reservations about the sheer banality of its storylines . But I finally got a chance to see this film , a joint effort of graphic novelist Frank Miller and film director Robert Rodriguez , and was frankly bored by it after about half an hour -LRB- and I think I 'm being generous there ! -RRB- . All the storylines -- Bruce Willis ' attempt to protect a young stripper -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- , Mickey Rourke 's attempt to avenge a prostitute 's -LRB- Jaime King -RRB- death , Clive Owen 's attempt to put down a thug -LRB- Benicio del Toro -RRB- and his misogynistic ways -- are done in a film noir style that is unfortunately ALL style . There 's no psychological depth to any of the characters as there are in other comic book adaptations -LRB- BATMAN BEGINS is an exemplary recent example -RRB- ; it 's all just a soulless geek show . A fantastic looking , often atmospheric geek show , but a geek show nevertheless . If appearances are all that matter to you , than SIN CITY will probably be a ball -LRB- and the visuals are the only reasons I 'm giving the movie 2 stars instead of just 1 -RRB- . But for those looking for something other than just fancy-pants visuals in a comic book movie adaptation , look elsewhere .
 From Davis DVD : Sin City - Extended RecutBuena Vista Home Entertainment has just revealed complete details for Sin City
 The director promised a big 3DVD disc that lengthened the story on each of the episodes . The DVD they are releasing now is actually a barebones one . I say that if you actually want more for your money you should wait until the holidays .
 ... the rest of us skip this movie . I 'll admit the best thing about the movie is the way it looks . Rodriguez did an excellenct job in bring a comic book to life . However , some things need to stick to their original medium . I 'm counting these illogical wrecks of mini-stories as those that fit in this catagory . After Micky Rourke 's short -LRB- the best one , IMHO -RRB- I was ready for this movie to end . Clive Owens seemed miscasted , but Benico sort of saved the day on that story , but it was still riding on the so-so part . After that , I 'm thinking surely that 's the end ... BUT NO . It keeps going and going , until I 'm practically begging the DVD player , please no more . Then there 's just one more bit , that I was so close to pulling my hair out , that I was relieved that it only lasted less than a minute . Oh , Thank God . If over the top violence is what gets you off , then this is the movie for you . If not , please , please avoid this movie .
 Billed as a hard-boiled contemporary noir -- not an homage , but the real deal -- Miller 's story gives us stuff in the vein of cannibals , ninjas , and hookers . As authentic to the genre as putting dragons and wizards in an espionage film . The characters have false voices , as well -- Miller actually has an eleven year old schoolgirl talking with such a clipped , bad-ass cool , it makes Fred MacMurray sound like Wally Cox . He also seems to enjoy portraying castrations of many types , such as gunshots to the groin , knifings , and so on . A fun time for all . A brilliant work , if only it was written by a highschool prodigy , but for a major Hollywood work , it only serves to reinforce the stereotype that it takes little to impress fanboys .
 I borrowed this from a friend and am shocked at how much I despise this movie . If you are impressed by a black and white movie containing red dresses - or - beds , than by all means . But if you are person who sees movies for PLOTS and character development , RUN AWAY.It disturbs me that the person I borrowed it from also lent me the TRUE work of art `` Sky Captain '' and implied this had similar magic is a sort of unconventional manner ... . well it does n't . Sin City did n't fool me .
 Buyer beware -- the director has already stated there is a expanded ` special edition ' coming out in the future . Do not buy this bare bones DVD if you are a fan of the movie and hate being ripped off by the movie studios !
 The DVD arrived in shoddy packaging that did not protect it from getting squashed . The nice box is now ruined . Disappointed .
 Sin city was an amazing movie and I could not wait to own it . It turns out Dimension plans on releasing this bare craptacular of a dvd and release a `` Special Edition '' later on . I can not wait till later to own this amazing movie , so i pre-ordered this sad excuse of a DVD . I will not buy the SE because I 'm not made of money . In a perfect world , the Special Edition would be the one released in two weeks .
 I really wanted to get this dvd but was alarmed to see the only ` extra ' on the disc is a lousy featurette , I mean these sort of discs were made 5 years ago not now . When I read about a multi-disc version coming in a few months time it just goes to show how greedy the movie studios are and they will continue to do this unlesss gullible , impatient sheep stop buying these plain discs and demand and wait for the proper full version.It wouldnt be so bad if they made a load of extras now and then released the later one with different extras and more scenes so at least you would have 2 different versions . Also does anyone know if the later discs will include extra/deleted/extended scenes ? Better yet why couldnt they release just one , full , definitive version like the star wars trilogy ? Just be patient guys and resist the temptation !
 This sad mess reminds me of the kid in elementary school whothought stringing random obscenities together made him the BMOC.The violence was n't offensive , just silly and impotent and without direction . I actually found the Sin City comics passable , but inferior to Miller 's previous works . The film however is nothing more than pointless frames filling the gap between literal translations of panels from the books.there is no creativity or vision at work , just 126 mins of static images in motion for no reason . I see people pointing out instances of allegory and symbolism in defense of this embarassment , but these translate to little more than a desperate attempt to put tinsel on a turd . I could go on but this film has cost me $ 8 and two hours of my life . Learn from my poor judgement and do n't bother .
 While yes I know Sin City is based on Frank Miller 's graphic novels and does indeed work hard to look like a comic book in all its noir glory . Unfortunately , a movie should do more than just look great . The throwaway dialogue and cliche self-destructive characters coupled with the non-stop over the top violence , seems to have no point , other than to overload us with bullets and blood , not to mention enough view of skin , to keep teenage boys busy for awhile . Rent it first , before shelling out money for yet another inflated movie .
 wow ! hookers with heart ! child rapists ! brutal murder ! senseless nudity!at first , i thought sin city was kind of entertaining in an escapist , comic book kind of way , but by the gazillionith gun-toting hooker parading around with her breasts exposed , & seven millionth lame-o , `` i 'll blow your privates off , for messing with my dame ! '' reference , i was ready to leave . -LRB- i would of , but i was with a group of people , and i did n't have anything with me to read -RRB- . sure , the men are portrayed as scum bags and low-lifes , but they get to wear clothing , and fight for themselves . even the `` strong '' women are silenced , or inevitably must wait for a man to save the day in the end.if you feel like watching people get mutilated for 2 hours , have a good time . this digsusting , low-brow , demeaning movie is further proof that hollywood is way more interested in the ka-ching of a cash register than they are in generating art .
 Perhaps the worst movie of all time . Unwatchable . My wife and I made it through about 20 minutes before we shut it off . It 's classic `` Terrantino '' garbage - shock value and that 's all .
 This movie is the most disguisting pile of manure I 've ever been sujected to.I gave it two stars only because Amazon policy mandates that every product reviewed receive at least 1 star , the second star is for , the all to brief appearence of , the beautiful and exciting Rosario Dawson .
 This movie was a big disappointment for me . It kind of just dragged on . I did n't get bored with the movie , but I was excited watching it either . It had a touch of Quentin to the movie , but not near as good as Quentin does it . Its almost like a weird bad version of Pulp Fiction . Except Pulp blows this movie out of the water . The only thing I enjoyed about this movie was Elijah Woods . His part was super groovy . But thats it . I would suggest renting this movie before you buy it . All the people I 've talked to did not like the movie , but there are a lot of reviews on this site that do like the movie . I guess its just a acquired taste . I 'll stick with Quentin as opposed to Robert . Never been a big fan of his except Desperado . And bewarned , this movie has a lot of sexuality in it . If you do n't like a lot of senseless nudity , you wo n't like this flick . That alone will keep me from ever watching this movie again . .
 I really liked and loved this movie . And I knew when comes to DVD , I would buy it for sure for my DVD collection , but this DVD very simple and plain . Not double disk or DTS or nothing an all ... if u really love this movie like I did , Wait a while till end the year I am VERY SURE they going to come with DTS or Superbit Or Dir cut , I am going to wait for sure to get the whole McCoy . These days they do that with most movies , Then after few months they come up with all loaded stuffs on DVD .
 Once you get used to the style , which is great without question , you realize how boring this movie really is . That 's except if you love guns , bar fights , hookers , swords , drugs , horror , dead people and every possible combination of these . I guess lot of folks do like to see this sort of stuff , hence the amazing 8.4 average rating on IMDB , amazing to me that is.Anyway , the one thing I liked about the movie is Mickey Rourke 's acting , he just outcooled everybody . Benicio Del Toro was pretty good too . Token appearances by Michael Madsen , Rutger Hauer and others . Ca n't say anything about Jessica Alba , she did n't really have a part in the movie until the end , and by that I just wanted it to be over .
 This is exactly what you 'd expect from folks with past succes whose heads get a little too big . There is virtually no dialogue in this film . The whole movie , from start to finish is narrated . It 's like the directors are playing `` dollies '' with the actors . Or as if they do n't trust the actors to convey the stories correctly or the viewer to understand , so they 're going to tell you exactly what the story is . Ho , hum . And I do n't care how much violence there is in this film , because there is an overabundance they could do less with , it is still a ho-hummer . The movie is apparently a chain of `` pulp fiction '' stories , most of them having nothing to do with anything or each other , other than to stretch the movie out so it wo n't be a short film . I 'm guessing Tarantino 's attempt to remake the Switchblade Sisters fails miserably and unconvincingly . I do n't think the Switchblade Sisters would return as a gang of prostitutes.Skip this movie and read a comic book instead . At least you 'll have fun figuring out the comic book 's story than being narrated by a boring movie with truly sickening characters .
 I will confess , I have never read Sin City comic strips , but I think the movie industry should have chosen a different comic strip to make a movie about . I decided to watch this movie because the credicts raved about this movie , to me after watching it -- a very big disappointment . Here are things that I did not like about the movie . First , Bruce Willis acts exactly same no matter which movie he is in . He has one facial expression for everything . When I thought he was killed of very early in the movie , I became very happy thinking that I do n't have to put up with him anymore , but he came back towards end of the movie . I generally do n't watch any movies with him in it . Second , I heard some professional movie credict say that the running scene in which Bruce runs through the forest was a great scene , because it was done with a forest back drop and that he was not actually running throught the woods . Well , after watching this scence , my friends and I thought it was not a big deal . In fact , the whole scene looked very fake to us . It actually look like a fake back drop was moving while he was just running in one place . I think it would have looked better if he was really running in the woods . Third , the white brightness of the movie really bothered my eyes . I had a hard time keeping my eyes on the movie , Fourth , The dialog was just oful , more of one liners throughout the whole movie . Fifth , When a crook throws a garnade , some people got killed and others who were blown clear away had not even one scratches on them and they were perfectly fine . Some people got shot many times in the chest and got killed , while others got the same thing but just walked away . Sixth , Why does all the girls including the female pro officer walked around wearing skanky clothes . Almost all the females in the movie were prostutes . No wonder the females in the real life have a tough time being taken seriously . This movie was nothing but violence , nudity , bad dialog , bad acting , bad lighting , and confusion . I would not recommend this trash to anyone .
 I found this movie generally annoying . It was shot beautifully , the sets are really cool and comic book-like , and special effects were not bad . However , the story was very cliche and I really did n't care for any of the characters . I felt like it went on for hours and hours and nothing really happened . However , the one big plus for lovers of the female body is that there was no shortage of scantily clad hot-bodied women , and , of course , Jessical Alba in chaps .
 Pay attention to the other viewer reviews , positive and negative . They 're telling a pretty consistent story . There is little in the way of `` art '' here . Unfortunately , I was suckered in by the professional reviews . This is violence for violence 's sake . Pretty much period . The acting is wooden , the script is lame , and there 's no message to speak of . But if what you 're looking for is over-the-top violence , this is the movie for you -LRB- and possibly even the `` GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE '' -RRB- . Oh , there are also a plentiful number of scantily clad or partially unclad young , attractive women . And as the other reviews make clear , much of the violence is explicitly within the context of sex -LRB- or the sex business , or as a substitute for sex , or ... -RRB- . Some of it was pretty disturbing . Or it would have been if the visuals were n't done in the spirit of the original comic book rather than real life -LRB- oh , I 'm sorry , `` graphic novel '' -RRB- . Of course , that 's the main drawing point of the movie , the linkage of violence and sex . As repellant as I found this movie to be , they did do a excellent job of sticking to their main point . I found it pretty darn misogynistic really , but it just may be your cup of tea . Of course , the black and white visuals with splashes of color was an interesting approach , but not worth sitting through the movie for . I would like to give this zero stars but the system wo n't let me .
 Let me be straights , I liked `` pulp fiction '' it had a story to it.But , Sin City was nothing but gratuitous violence , bodies cut up , people tortured for no reason other than psychos wanted to . Beautiful sexy women turned on by blood and gore . Sex , rape , murder , torture , cannibalism all glorified like these are the best ideas a person can have to make their life more meaningful.It should have been rated X , and the commercial should let you know how much nudity , blood , gore , sex , and violence is in the movie , instead of showing it as if it were artsy and clever.There is no story , or very little story . If it were n't for the constant violence the movie would be nothing but black and white boring depressive scenes . You feel no sympathy for any of the main characters through they certainly tried to make you feel sorry for them by beating them half to death .
 Typical Quentin Tarantino film . You either love him or you hate him . This film was very gratuitous sex and violence wise . Not a whole lot of deep plot thinking . I did give it atleast two stars for the unusual filming techniques and special effects .
 I was dragged to the theaters by my brother to go see this movie . I was n't expecting to enjoy it -LRB- action is not usually my thing -RRB- , but this was far worse than I could imagine . It was actually the worst movie I have ever seen . The longest two hours of my life . I have never read the comic books on which this movie is based on , so I was confused out of my mind . The movie went from one story to another , without any real connection between stories . The characters are shot time and time again , and yet live on with barely any signs of suffering . This movie is pretty much just violence and hookers . No real story or plot . Just violence and hookers . Like I said , do n't waste your money . This movie was beyond horrible .
 the one reviewer was right , this movie is for geeks and homebound comic book readers , sixty bullet holes and still moving , now that takes quite an imagination , and talk about no daylight anywhere in this flick , you geeks have got to get out of your parents house more often .
 This movie was simply too boring and stuoid to keep watching . It 's basically a darker version of Dick Tracey.Skip this one unless you like the comic books .
 Film goir maybe . Frank Miller , author of the source graphic novels , was seduced into green-lighting the movie and settled for something even shallower than his graphic novels . I wish he had boned up on Rodriguez ' previous film history before getting compromised in this first-person-shooter computer-game of a movie . But now that Sin City-1 has paid the bills , maybe the sequel will try to aim a little higher.Pros :1 . Stunning hyper-noir black and white visualsCons :1 . Strict fidelity to the graphic novels - comic book stereotypes masquerading as noir protagonists2 . Non-existant Sin City backstory - no depth at all to the weak screenplay3 . Stylized , but endless and numbing ultra-violence including cannibalism , castration and suicide4 . Acting talent wasted with hip , cliche-dominated dialogue5 . Five-minute Tarantino segment embarassing parody of his neo-noir film work .6 . Way too little content to sustain a 2-hour plus movie .7 . HumorlessConclusion
 Sin City is , perhaps , one of the worst films of the year . I was amazed to discover that others found the so-called `` story lines '' compelling , for I was left utterly disinterested . In fact , I barely made it through the movie with my sanity intact . I am less amazed at those who found it to be visually compelling . But the visual interest is quite buried beneath a wealth of pointless violence and a truly horrendous script . I would give it zero stars if it were allowable !!!
 I have to be honest and say I 've never seen the comic that this film is based on . So , I probably would n't be interested in seeing the comic for this . But I have to say that this is absolutlely , the most stupid , pathetic , movie I 've ever seen . If I could rate it with 0 stars , I would . After about 5-10 minutes , I completely lost interest . For the first time in my life of watching movies , I felt like getting up and walking out . However , I did n't as I was with a friend . Partway through the movie , my friend told me she did n't care for the movie either and we both said that we could n't wait for it to end . Afterwards , my friend and I talked about how horrible the movie was . Other people in the theatre also mentioned their displeasure with the movie . I felt like I completely wasted $ 6.00 , and if it were possible to get it , I would want a refund . Do n't bother wasting your time to see this movie !
 dudes , it 's like , Alba is the deaalll ; i could watch her fold napkins and pay money to see it , but , really now , i swear i could not get through this film . no sense of morality . reminds me of a film i checked out cause i thought it was , like , kickn ... Caligula ... you know , no moral compass means i get confused . i mean , i love slasher films , do n't get me wrong , its just that they have right and wrong . this film has a big production budget and design budget , and it tries to be like an episodic comic book -- pulp fiction ???? i do n't like any of the characters , bottom line . end of story . i 'm out . j.
 Despite the all-star cast , Quentin Tarintino 's guest directing , and attempt to make the movie `` artistic '' and stylish , it was unbelievably horrible.This is a movie with a plot -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- that was based AROUND the violence . Basically , it 's just that -- a movie about violence . Everyone 's a killer and they all enjoy being killers . Not five minutes go by -LRB- literally -RRB- without chopped off limbs flying , eyeballs popping , blood squirting , heads rolling ... you get the picture.I 've never been one to shy away from a film that shows violence and gore , but when that 's all there is to the movie it gets boring real fast . The only good thing I can say about it is I liked the crime novel style of dialogue . But really that 's about it .
 I ca n't believe that this film is rated so highly . There were three types of males in this movie
 I am probably running a bit counter to the main stream with this but really this was over the top . We have one character have his arms and legs sawn of and then he is eaten by a dog . There are two castrations and a character is killed by having his head bitten to a pulp . And these things are done by the characters who called loosely be described as the goodies.There does seem to be in a number of films a growing pornography of violence . Hostel , Wolf Creek , aspects of the 24 Hours series and this . Repulsive violence as an end in itself.Now of course this does not mean that the film is not directed by someone who knows what he is about . It is not to say that the actors are less than skilled or that the dialogue and voice over are effective and professional but really there must be some point when things just get a bit gross and I think that this film has reached it.In the real world police work is a grind . Police have to painstakingly catch offenders and try to construct a case against them . The majority of offenders will commit small time offences and be stupid . Police then have to try to develop ways to catch bigger time offenders when small time offenders have tipped them of as to who is there boss or who supplies them with the drugs . This requires hours of phone taps , trying to stick up minor offenders and the like so that they will roll over and pot the big guys . Not the sort of thing that makes an interesting comic book.Comic books are interested in battles a bit like the World Championship Wrestling . People dressed in leotards with some playing the role of good others evil . With comics like Superman or Batman the villians are usually caught in the act and the action is all about a fight over apprehension.To create viewer interest things are made simple . There are good guys who look nice and who we are given parts of their back story so we feel for them . Batman whose parents were killed by a criminal . Spiderman whose de-factor father died as a result of a robbery . The Punisher whose parents ... come to think of it they are all the same.Now in Sin City the technique is to have villians so bad that not only do we want their deaht but we want them slowly tortured to death . -LRB- There is one exception but that involves women who are scantilly clad and carry around guns . -RRB- Thus the villians have to be cannibals who not only eat their victims but cut of bits of them while they are alive and eat the portions with the victim eating on . Now whilst this is possible , -LRB- Said to be a Japanse atrocity towards the end of the war . -RRB- it seems to me to be a transperent plot devise to justify laothsome behavour.America is now the country which seems to think that torture is okay . That kidnaping and locking people up in Cuba without trial is okay if there is a slight suggestion of wrongdoing even if no one is sure . One can see that films like this might be either reflective of the mindset or the cause of it .
 I have to admit I have never read a Sin City comic , I am a comic book fan but that is one series I 've never been all that interested in reading . When I heard about the movie being made I figured I 'd see the movie and if I liked it enough then I would read the comics . Well , let me say this if the movie is any indication of the comics , then as far as the comics go , no thanks I 'll pass . `` Sin City '' follows three different storylines that really do n't have much to do with each other . One storyline focuses on an old near-retirement cop named Hartigan -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- who is trying to save a young woman named Nancy -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- , who as an 11 year old he saved from the same man that is trying to rape and kill her now . The second storyline focuses on Marv -LRB- an unrecognizable Mickey Rourke -RRB- who after spending the night with a girl who winds up dead the next morning , goes on a rampage to find out who killed her and why . Third , is the story of Dwight -LRB- a very wooden Clive Owen -RRB- , a shady man with a mysterious past who now spends his time trying to save his new girlfriend from a crooked cop/ex-boyfriend . All of the storylines work decently on their own , but really do n't belong in the same movie together . Other films have used the format of having separate storylines that intertwine with one another with great success , `` Traffic '' would be a prime example , but `` Sin City '' is not one of these films . Supposedly each of the three storylines had much more footage that was filmed and edited down for time constraints . Now if a director 's cut appears and the storylines get fleshed out then maybe this would be a somewhat better movie . Even if that happens there are still several things wrong with this movie , the script is very clunky and sounds as if it came right off the pages of a comic book . Some things just sound better when you 're reading them in a comic and not using them to tell a story within a movie . Another problem would be the acting , it was way too wooden from almost every actor . I presume this is how director 's Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller wanted it , though the reason eludes me.On to some positive notes , there was some humor in the movie that helped lift certain moments in the film . Another positive for the movie is the special effects , since the movie was filmed entirely in front of a green screen the CGI backgrounds were flawlessly mixed with the actors , unlike the terrible `` Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow '' that attempted the same trick.All gripes aside , `` Sin City '' is an alright movie , and I 'm sure it stays incredibly faithful to the source material and for that I respect what has been created , but the movie as a whole , just did n't light my fire . If you are a fan of the Sin City comics then I 'm sure you will love this movie , but you will probably be left wanting to see the separate storylines fleshed out a bit more . `` Sin City '' is rated R for violence , language , and nudity/sexuality .
 Quite the worst film I have ever seen in my 76 years!The inadequacy of the above rating system reminds me of the story about the old Danish professor who found himself forced to modify the usual marking system in order to do justice to the proficiency of his students . In the usual system the highest mark was 6 , 4 was pass . He had to extend the system downwards to -23 . I give this movie the mark -24 .
 I got the dvd as a gift and with all of these teen movie actors in the film -LRB- Josh Hartnett , Elijah Wood , Brittany Murphy , Alexis Bledel , etc. -RRB- , I was expecting something completely different . I was expecting something light-hearted and silly , but Sin City is one of the most disturbing movies I have ever seen . There are some amazing visuals , but they 're so shocking and brutal . Lots of nudity , blood , gore , violence . It was too much for me.I guess the storylines are interesting and there 's lots of interlacing and they tie together near the end . Some of the storylines are somewhat trite and not that intriguingIf you 're really into visual violence and fantasy , this is a good movie . But definitely do n't watch it if you 're under 17 or if you ca n't stand the sight of blood .
 First , 2 words on the SPFX and the way it 's filmed
 Had to watch film for school project so I rented it for 24 hours . Have spent over two hours trying to load but all circuits have been busy . Tried to contact customer service but ca n't find a phone number anywhere . This is my first and last experience with on-demand video viewing through Amazon .
 Movie is a little annoying , and is overkill as far the violence is concerned , pretty graphic , Rosario dawson is super hot , other than that , there is no incentive to watch , I felt like I was being dragged to through another Quentin Taratino-ish flick .
 Do n't get me wrong , I really like this movie . While there is n't a great plot , it 's so stylish and beautifuly done it 's hard not to enjoy . But , in what is quickly becoming a tradition in Hollywood , the studio plans on releasing this and then a two-disc special edition several months later . Talk about greed ! If I were you , I 'd wait . If you really love the movie , why not rent it or watch it On Demand in the meantime ?
 This movie exhibited interesting cinematic creativity . This visual interest is as far as the movie 's value extends unfortunately.There is no redeeming value to the storyline . This movie revels in perversion , sadism , and immorality . This is yet another movie in these troubled times that only adds to the fire and will further twist people 's minds.Let 's support good , wholesome , uplifting movies and art ! When we focus on these things , then people 's thoughts will be on these things . Inline attitudes , thoughts , and behaviors then result.Let 's not wallow in this filth .
 Watching `` Sin City '' is kind of like dating a particularly bubble-headed supermodel.Sure she 's great to look and the sex may even be fantastic . But sooner or later she 's got to do other things besides look great in clothes -LRB- or out of them -RRB- like , y' know , talk to you . And if she has nothing to say that 's a problem.The problem with `` Sin City '' is that it has absolutely nothing to say though it admittedly looks great doing it . Upon its theatrical release the film was lauded for it 's visually stunning look and on that score at least you can believe the hype.On looks alone , no film since the `` The Matrix '' has carried with it since an incredible `` Wow '' factor . But `` The Matrix '' also had an engaging , thought-provoking storyline and well developed characters to move that story forward . It is in these areas that `` Sin City '' falls short.Part of the problem is that the film simply tries to cram too much into two hours . The movie condenses three separate storylines from Frank Miller 's `` Sin City '' graphic novels into one movie . Big Mistake.Any one of these stories alone would have made for a solid , gripping film . By trying to tell all three stories in one movie , the film ends up giving these stories and their characters the short shrift.Virtually all the characters , with the possible exception of Mickey Rourke 's performance as the hapless boxer Marv , come off as underdeveloped . Just because a movie 's source material is comic books does n't mean your heroes and heroines should be one dimensional.Robert Rodriguez -LRB- `` Desperado '' `` Spy Kids '' -RRB- is reportedly such a huge fan of Frank Miller 's work that he offered him a co-directing gig on the movie . But in my opinion , the pair should have picked just one of Miller 's storylines to focus on . In fact , its astounding that the notoriously sequel-prone Rodriguez did n't realize that by not doing so he was squandering an opportunity to do two follow-up movies.In closing , I 'm left wondering why half the actors in the free world were salivating at the chance to star in this movie . Perhaps the massive cast saw it as a chance to star in the next groundbreaking genre film , the next `` Blade Runner , '' `` Brazil , '' or `` The Matrix . `` If so they lost sight of one key fact . What makes those movies classics is that they did n't just have style . They also had substance .
 The film is all about style . It is a comic book brought to life.At first I was intrigued . The characters are larger than life and the plot is about the hero trying to find the killer of a woman with whom he spent one romantic night.The film is shot in black and white and uses color to make its point . Blood is always red . And so is lipstick . Eyes are green or blue . And there really is a yellow bastard . The acting is good too and the sets complement the film.However , Sin City lacked one important thing - a story I could get my teeth into . The special effects and style overshadowed everything . And I was left wondering what all this was about . I watched this film for over an hour , hoping that it would make some sense . Finally I fell asleep.Perhaps this film would be interesting to film students . It certainly is a departure from the norm . But I need more than experimental techniques to hold my interest . I need a good story .
 Love this movie ! A must see movie ! Hate these kinds of releases though . I 'm waiting for the Dec 2 disc release with all of the extras . The only thing I 'm happy about is that they told us another deluxe DVD was coming . It does n't make the wait any easier though . I was anxiously awaiting this movie on DVD , but now I have to wait until December . I guess I might rent the DVD so I can watch the movie again , but I 'm tired of buying movies and then having a deluxe version coming out later . Hellboy , Daredevil , X-men 1.5 , etc. . . We have to get the industry to stop this .
 There is no denying this movie 's technical and stylistic excellence , but Sin City is a pretentious film noir wannabe . It takes gratuitous violence to uninspired levels of depravity , and it pretends at a plot by interweaving multiple storylines and characters , all of which is too clever by half and amounts to a house of cards . This is a movie in which every male character is either a killer or a cop -LRB- sometimes both -RRB- , and every female character is a Black Belt prostitute . Almost nothing makes sense , so you must watch the film as a pure sensory experience - albeit a very gruesome one . Some characters possess supernatural powers ; we never discover why . I liked Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill , but even though Sin City adopted elements of those two films , I absolutely hated it . If viewing two hours of violence and torture is your idea of entertainment , then by all means , see this movie . If it is not , stay away . At best , you will feel bored ; at worst , you will feel disgusted . This film creates a new genre
 You already know that this is going to be the first of about 3 dvd 's released for this film . With virtually no special features , the only one of which is a behind-the-scenes featurette which was available for FREE at Best Buy , this is the studio at it 's greed point . You know there will be a super-ultimate-limited-for-the-fans-only 10 disc set coming just in time to piss you off because you 've already spent money on this craptacular bare-bones disc.Count me out .
 When a studio releases a quickie bare bones disc then a special extended edition later it 's called `` double dipping '' . They expect Sin City fans to shell out once then when the cool edition comes out to shell out again.This practice is becoming increasingly uncool . Tell them you aint gon na play by passing on this disc and picking up the special edition when it comes out later this year.What can you expect on the special edition ? Well , if it 's anything like the two `` Hellboy '' releases , everything that 's on this plus a little bit more.Worth the wait ? Up to you .
 This is a Great Movie , but the director announced months ago that this movie will be a double dip . A 2 disc SE is coming . Be sure that you wait if you want the extra stuff
 goods
 Started to watch this movie with a great expectations & so did my dear wife . How could Bruce Willis fall downstairs to star in a goofy movie like Sin City . That Hollywood is more than goofy , everybody knows that , esp . us , `` old timers '' who saw in their younger years good old King Kong , Gone with the Wind , Ben Hur & James Steward in any of his movies . It seems to me like good actors take anything that comes their way as they one by one have been loosing their acting careers and stand in an unemployment line unless they belong to a so called `` minority ! '' If I were an actor of Bruce Willis 's type , I would get together w/other top caliber actors & create a `` new Hollywood '' company without those 4 letter words & sexual perversity . People or public is just dying to see real good movies . And , I must add , those cartoons for kids could really use also some redoing too - nice looking characters & not monstreous & ugly looking faces of kids & people . Is it , maybe & only for the reason to accept ugliness ?? Sin City ? It 's a sin to even spend a dime to watch it . Carl Hodek
 How can anybody take a star-filled line-up and produce a clunker like this one ? Fantasy films , shot in black and white , with a splash of color for effect , went out of fashion before they ever could be fashionable . I 'm a Bruce Willis fan to the nth degree , but this loser almost replaces `` Hudson Hawk '' as the worst film he has ever taken a part in . I thought I had seen all of his movies and was surprised to have discovered this movie . Now I wish I had n't . I 'm not sure if I even want to add this to my Willis collection of DVDs .
 This was copiously awful movie ; one of worst I 've ever seen . I highly advise you to give it a miss . For me the worst part was the dreadful , dreadful waste of talented actors who are forced to speak silly , stilted dialogue amongst overpowering scenery . Truly bad !
 First time in my life I walked out of a movie ! Boring , dull , uninteresting ! If I had not paid $ 1 to see it , I would have been angry . I was n't the only one that left early . Even if free , it 's not worth watching .
 This movie certainly has an allstar cast but I think the movie itself was too complicated . You have story segments here and there so if you watch this movie while doing something it is difficult to follow . I 'm also not really a big fan of black and white movies because it does n't draw my attention too well so I did n't really like this movie .
 This was the first movie that I 've ever walked out on . I was fooled in to thinking that this was a great movie . I watched about ten minutes and just left . What I did n't like was just the bad acting and the long drawn out boreing begining . I can get over the cartoonish style as I loved 300 but this was just a horrible movie .
 A star is far too much for this pathetic movie.I wanted to leave after 5 minutes and then i hoped it would finish -LRB- it never did -RRB- . It was like a butcher 's stall ; this movie is just about people cutting each other apart . Violence is omnipresent and valorised.The roles are stereotyped
 Well , I 'm sitting in the theater waiting for this to start and thinking about how great that last movie I saw was . It was The Pacifier btw and it rocked unlike this carp . Well , this thing starts and immediately something is wrong . I yell to the guy and tell him to turn up the color or something but he says that 's how the movie is . WTFzzors ? I just saw The Pacifier which was awesome in color and now I have to watch this carp trying to be a relic from the 1950s ? If I wanted to watch a boring movie with bad dialogue in black and white , I 'd rent Citizen Kane or Seven Samurai . I come to the movies to be entertained not to watch boring talk with no color . Pass this carp up . Go see The Pacifier with Vin Diesel instead . He 's a much better actor than anyone in this movie .
 The only reason i gave it 1 star was because of the visual vibrance of color . This movie is complete trash , it had no story whatsoever . It was too long and too boring . This movie is more for the guys because there is so much female nudity , i as a female , do not care if a film has nudity , but this film as unneccisary nudity . The lack of a plot really made this movie make me want to leave the theater , i could not wait until it was over . it is very comic book style , because the action , and blood bath scenes look so fake and ridiculous . Certain actors like Elijah Wood , do not fit the role they were cast in . in all , the acting , no plot and no story , and the unneccisary nudity makes this film an utter piece of mindless trash .
 All you sin city fans out there , do not buy this barebones dvd version of the movie . It is just an attempt to cash in on this edition of the film . All new 2 disc set of the film will be released on 13th december . It will include the never seen before uncut version of the film alongwith the expanded theatrical version . It will also include 3 commentaries from Robert Rodriguez , Frank Miller and Quentin Tarantino andalso a feature commentary on the austin premiere audience reaction alongwith dts 5.1 and dolby digital 5.1 tracks.According to ultimatedisney , this dvd set is said to have all these great extras too :1 . 15-Minute Film School with Robert Rodriguez2 . The Movie In High-Speed Green Screen3 . The Long Take
 If you are a comic/graphic novel fan then this story is one of the most talked about over the years and you 'll appreciate the creativity of the makers in brining this gritty story to the screen . For the simple fact that it is based on a `` comic '' , many will love it regardless of the content.For those that are n't fans of comics I 'd wager that there will be a greater chance of not not liking this at all for the simple fact that it is based on a comic and it is shown with a constant meld of animation and live action which may turn many off.My initial feelings of this movie are like those of Pulp Fiction ... a linking of short stories that left the viewers torn between one camp who loved it and one who hated it.As with Pulp Fiction I 'm one of the few who is in the middle ground .1 -RRB- The movie is beautiful and creative . The black & white animation melded with live action and the single splashes of color were eye catching2 -RRB- WARNING
 I loved Sin City . I thought the style and cinematography were genius . However I have to say , I 'm getting a little tired of these bare bones DVD 's that come out months before the big Uncut Unrated Extended Deluxe Never Before Seen Director 's Cut Version is released . Why ca n't they just release the good version and the barebones version at the same time ? Give people an option , and give them a break while they 're at it ?
 Remember this is a DVD review not a movie review . This DVD gets a 0 . Why ? It is the typical bare bones release of a great movie . People will buy it , but will soon realize that the DVD is horrid and has no special features at all . Then a few months later another one will be released . Typical hollywood and thier double dipping . Do not buy this version . Wait untill the special edition . You know it is coming.Hope everyone reads this .
 The film was disappointing in every way . Pathetic , weak , unrealistic , garbage . I knew better and did n't finish . Good luck with this one .
 I have actually read and enjoyed Frank Miller 's comics , and really loved the Kill Bill series.Once you get over the `` hey neat '' factor of the movie 's use of color to achieve its comic book style , you are left with a movie that is relentlessly , gruesomely and - for the most part - pointlessly violent . The characters are all , well , comic book cutouts and some are supposed to be `` protagonists '' and some `` antagonists '' -LRB- there are no good guys or bad guys , they are all bad -RRB- , but you really do n't care what happens to any of them . This movie was one of the rare occasions when I almost walked out in the middle ...
 Taking the hard-boiled voice-over narrator and snappy dialogue of film noir , Rodriguez and co. , join it with hard-edged high contrast black and white cartoon imagery -LRB- of course , you have to call it ` graphic novel ' to give it some cache but it 's still for 12 to 14 year old boys , and complete with a cast of steroidal goons , broads , molls , and down and out raggedy cops . A few interwoven tales of mob hits and ornery down and out or mean secondary characters thrown in for variety . It all results in a mix-up of styles that is puerile , stupid , and boring to boot . Besides being a copy rather than a pastiche , there is no true originality here . The MAJOR stylistic problem is that in the film noirs , the camera was an observer , so the snappy dialogue , gravely voices of the men and sweetheart tones of the femmes and broad gestures of each gender were prominent and provided ` space ' to be savored and enjoyed . The failure here is that the visuals compete with the dialogue so one 's attention is basically divided so neither can be appreciated . There is just too much going on at once . Also , adding a few kill bill rip-off tumbling acts to the mix does not help the noirish quality but rather dilutes it and renders it pointless , sort of like using the imagery of West Side Story and replacing the Bernstein/Sondheim score with gangsta rap . Each ` art ' form alone may have validity , but together it 's a disaster . So is this film
 Without a doubt one of the all time WORST movies ever made . There is nothing at all positive to say about this film . Between the terrible plot , horrible acting by EVERYONE and the most difficult move to watch because of the bizzare filming style I want to give it a negative rating , but they do not allow this . Not even worth buying to use as a frisbe .
 Ranks high on my list as one of the top worst movies of all-time . An incredible cast in a swampish , dark and disturbing movie . This is clearly a movie made for fans of the graphic novel and not a film for 98 % of the rest of the world.Between a scene of a person having their head dunked into a toilet full of stool and the storyline of a young girl that avoids molestation only to fall in love with the old man that saves her ... there 's just not a lot to like here.You 've been warned !
 This movie was a major dissapointment . It 's in black and white except for the color red and yellow . What kind of crap is this?I was very upset at this , for it seemed very `` fake '' and cartoonish.Stay away from this movie unles you like Black and white movies.I wish I could get my money back .
 what a dumb movie , do n't see what the hype is about ? Do n't waste your time !
 I think that sin city is probably the worst movie I have ever seen . It has the pathetic capability to be looked at as a comedy like Starship Troopers , yet carries questionable scenes and voice over that make me wonder if the filmakers took themselves seriously . Either way , the final product is a complete joke . The style of the film is essentially the bones of the film . It makes no difference , becuase there is no effort to make every shot flow into an actual piece of visual mastery . Either the visual concept was n't fluid , or the editing was done by an inbred fan of `` children of the Living Dead . The acting was interesting , and basically terrible . Clive Owen posessed the clever death tactic of drowning people in the toilet which realy was n't as funny as it sounds because the charachters would force out their pathetic dialouge that touched on some form of phylisophical darkness posessed by pompus Eighth grade maralyn manson fans who cut their wrists and wear short sleaved slipnot t-shirts just to brag of their misery.I wanted to watch the car chase that was directed by Quentin Tarentino , but I had given up hope so I left . My logic told me that a car chase , even if it was directed by quentin tarentino can not save a movie posessing a chuck taylor-wearing villain who eat 's people 's souls.Even if Orson welles walked onto the set and redirected and stared in the whole rest of the movie , it probably would n't have done much good for the fate of this film . I have decided that Hollywood is way too rich . If it can blow millions of dollars on this complte atrocity of a film , I have lost all respect for the film industry .
 Okay , I was probably the only one in the theater laughing my head off at the preposterous `` the night was hot and sticky like my heart '' writing , but give me a break ! Yes , new cinematic ground has been broken with the B&W ; visuals and dramatic angles , and Rodriguez wanted to be faithful to every inch of the comic , but only a fifteen-year old Goth kid could appreciatesuch ludicrously overheated dialogue ! But aside from the insults to audience intelligence , the last Willis segment should have been cut down , and the violence just makes you numb after a while . How many severed heads does one movie need ? I guess kids who play `` Grand Theft Rapist '' or whatever wo n't bat an eye , but it makes you yearn for the days when directors like Hitchcock would leave it to the viewer 's imagination , while the characters talked like they at least attempted community college . Anyway , I still get the giggles remembering Mickey Rourke 's straining face as he gets it on with his hooker/saint/whatever girlfriend ...
 On a scale of 1-10 with 1 being the worst and 10 being the best I would rate this movie 1 and add `` only because the scale does n't go lower '' . The reviews on the back must have been paid for because for the life of me I can not see why anyone would find it `` in an acclaimed and visually stunning hit that 's the coolest movie of the year '' . For starts the movie is in black and white and is done in anime -LRB- I think that is what it is called -RRB- where it is a `` life like '' cartoon . The actors are , sometimes , real but everything is else is cartoon-like . In some instances the lips , eyes , blood , car and in one instance yellow skin are in color . Color is used to accent something . I bought it because I like Bruce Willis . He 's in the first story and it is 13 minutes long . Then there is a second story which was 34 of the longest minutes I 've ever watched a movie . I have no idea how it ended , if it ended . The third story was so bad I could n't watch more than 10 minutes . Seeing the movie was only half over I clicked further up the bar and came to a second part of the first story . This is where the yellow man showed up . Even though it was Bruce Willis it was BAD !!! -LRB- I bet he does n't claim this movie on his resume . -RRB- Powers Booth was also in this part of the story and , though I like him , the movie was still bad . Not necessarily the acting but the plot and the whole thing . I usually like to watch a movie a second time and/or more because , sometimes , if you do n't like it at first you do on a re-watch because you better understand what is happening . I do n't think I can watch this movie again and am not even putting it in my collection . I may take it out and put it on the `` community table '' for anyone that wants it . I bet if someone took it it would end up on the table again . And again . And again , etc. . Would take a special kind of person to like this movie -LRB- of stories -RRB- and I 'm not one of them .
 I saw this film in the theater and hated it . It came off like a teenage boy trying hard to write a Tarantino script . Everything the two bumbling henchmen said struck me like the guy who wrote it was writing it just so people would have something to quote from the movie.The multiple dismemberment or castration scenes were just pointless and ridiculous . When someone has their genitals pulled off and it bores you , you know there 's something wrong . It seemed like the point was to be shocking and cutting edge , but like I said , they missed the mark here and I was really just tired of it by the time the ninja prostitute showed up.I will say that I really liked the cinematography . The look of the movie was great , and that was the part -LRB- going into it -RRB- that I thought I 'd like the least , but it ended up working very well . I would have rather seen them only use color at certain times or for highlighting important things to the audience , instead of just randomly giving a guy red shoes , but I guess that 's okI thought the camera angles , the way the shots were framed , all that was needlessly repetative -LRB- 6 or 7 shots with a thonged woman 's butt in the left foreground , and the person talking in the right background , for instance -RRB- , but no more so than the actual script , so maybe that 's not something anyone else cares about
 The first and most important element of any decent Sci-Fi/Action movie is a good script with strong characterisation , plausible dialogue and a believable motivation behind the lead characters . Without these , the film invariably descends into a campy parody of itself , and that is precisely what 's happened here.It does n't matter how closely this movie sticks to the comics that spawned it - when you move to a different medium you need to make changes to reflect the move -LRB- like the cut-down character backgrounds in the X-Men movies , or the plot tweaking and omission in the Harry Potter series - two extremely successful sci-fi/literary adaptation franchises -RRB- , and sadly , ` Sin City ' seems to think it can get away with having the actors spout the same kinds of dialogue as they do in the comics.This does n't work for several reasons . On the printed page , we need to have things spelled out for us that comic art - particularly the kind of comic art contained in the Sin City books , a hugely graphical and stylised look - ca n't capture . Character subtleties , plot development , emotional states - all of these are things that comics more often than not need to have as printed text , and in the comic book medium , this works . On film , these things - character subtleties , plot development , emotional states - are all possible to achieve with visuals - facial expressions , body language , montage sequences , and so forth . The movie of ` Sin City ' has its first major failing , then , in that the characters - grim and gritty men and women of action and consequence - wax lyrical over themselves , their current situations , and their previous histories - until they end up sounding like pedantic Drama majors about to embark on their first audition . The Valkyrie speech ? The White Light line ? The entire opening monologue ? Three of the most horrendous offenders that are so full of their own self-importance that it makes the rest of the script surrounding them pale into mundanity - which is n't too much of a problem since it was all pretty mundane to begin with.The second problem with ` Sin City ' is the amateurish use of spot colours , here and there , to suggest a tie to the excellent style of the comic books . ` Schindler 's List ' used this ploy to great effect , but sadly , here it just looks overdone . Not that this is a bad idea in theory , but thanks to some pedestrian direction -LRB- particularly in the first and second stories -RRB- it seems to be there just for the sake of it , as opposed to highlighting anything actually important . Case in point
 This movie has style . Tons of it.It also got some great actors and some well written dialogue.But I did not like it at all.This is a summary of the plot -LRB- WARNING
 Where are the intelligent and creative masses that yearn for expression other than the casual humdrum of death and male ego ??? ... yawn ... . Boring ! This movie is made for unintelligent 19 year old boys who are filled with frustration , anger , and of course hormones . I may also add the few 40 year olds hiding out in the darkness of their dens while their wives and children are sleeping . Please ... Please ... Let 's get creative without the use of `` Hos '' and extreme graphic `` violence . '' Are male comic-book authors so dull in their senses ? This movie was crap ! May I restate `` was . '' As it quickly faded to a distant hiccup of a memory ... now it simply `` is n't . '' Good Day Sir ... I said Good Day ! ; - D
 Rule # 1 Children do not belong in film noir.While most classic black & white film noirs are about a single man in a big city or country-side mixed up in something they ca n't get out of , this modern film noir tries something different.It 's black & white , but uses the green screen for computer-generated locations to give it that comic book look . As with the filmsRumble Fish -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Schindler 's List -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LRB- 1993 -RRB- andPleasantville -LRB- New Line Platinum Series -RRB- -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , their is a a splash of color from time to time , mostly blood red in this one.This film is based on Frank Miller 's adult graphic novels so this film is not for children to see . Contains violence and nudity.Bruce Willis begins the film as `` Hartigan '' . Mickey Rourke returns to the silver screen . In real-life , Micky Rourke 's face was disfigured by his time of boxing after he quit acting . His face has since been reconstructed and the muscles are really his . Rourke did wear some rubber make-up in the film.Clive Owen looks the `` Bond '' type in this role minus tuxedo.Benicio Del Toro 's face and body has filled out since his days ofLicence To Kill -LRB- 1989 -RRB- . In Sin City , he plays `` Jackie Boy '' . Elijah Wood shows off his karate moves . Powers Booth plays `` Senator Roark '' . Rutger Hauer -LRB- Blade Runner -LSB- 1982 -RSB- -RRB- is `` Cardinal Roark '' Josh Hartnett -LRB- Halloween H2O -LSB- 1998 -RSB- -RRB- also makes a couple appearances.Michael Madsen who we have seen inDie Another Day -LRB- 2002 -RRB- plays `` Bob '' in Sin City.Update
 I 've been a Frank Miller fan since I read `` Batman
 If you 're into black and white comic strip stuff with gruesomeness and cute techy show-offs , this one 's for you .
 The photography in this movie is amazing and very true to comic books . However , not having read these comics , the plot did n't make sense . My husband had the same reaction . I could appreciate the gratuitous nudity , but the continuous violence was a turn off . Overall , I wish I 'd stuck with just watching the trailer .
 I purchaced this item thinking I was going to get a Blu-Ray because thats is what it said but instead i got two DVDs I did not want .
 ... I would like to use . I found it to be gross , violent and the story -LRB- if any -RRB- was boring and unconnected . My biggest amazement was , that high quality actors would want to be associated with .
 Seriously , this movie sucks so bad , there should be some kind of reverse Academy Award for it . I do n't understand why Bruce Willis agreed to be in this steamy turd of a movie , because he is a good actor and he 's been in some really good movies . But this movie is dumb , and it 's so violent that it 's ridiculous . And the directors seem to be unable to decide if they want to make a live action movie , or an animated movie , so what you get is a weird combination of both . It was ridiculous how the characters in the movie were so hard to kill , especially Marv -LRB- Mickey Rourke -RRB- . And the movie had cannibalism in it , and people being hacked up with saws . And Nick Stahl 's character had his sex organs shot off , then surgically replaced , then ripped off again . And Nick Stahl had become this ridiculous-looking yellow man with a round , bald head and yellow skin . It was so stupid !
 I have never seen an actor so in over her head . Rosario was so over-the-top that it ruined the movie for me .
 ... I GIVE THE MOVIE 4.5 STARS ITS PRETTY DAMN GOOD ... BUT HOW DARE THEY RELEASE A NEW VERSION JUST TO SQUEEZE A FEW MORE BUCKS OUT OR HARDWORKING CONSUMERS ??? ... I BOUGHT THE PREVIOUS EDITION WHEN IT CAME OUT EXPECTING SPECIAL FEATURES AND WAS DUPED ... I 'M SO PISSED ... I STILL WILL BUY IT ... GRUDGEDLY ... THE `` MAN '' SUCKS !!!!!!
 This is only the second movie in my life that I have walked out of -LRB- the first was Andy Warhol 's Chelsea Girls , which bored me to death -RRB- . I have to admit that the creation of the comic book atmosphere is well done , and the acting is n't bad within the requirements of the plot . What turned me off was the over-the-top non-stop sadistic violence , and the total lack of any character that one could empathise with . The film works startlingly well at creating its sick dirty world . It just is n't a world that I think any mentally healthy person would want to spend time in.PS Judging by the percentage of people rating this review as unhelpful , I guess only fans of the film are reading this review ! Well , it 's your mind ...
 Okay , so I have to be honest . Maybe I ca n't really review this film.I have sat through a lot of bad films and I usually make a point of not walking out but this is the first film I ever walked out on . I do not object to the violence . What bothered me about this film is that when characters basically can not be injured by weapons , I do n't care what happens anymore . I like films where the appearance of a weapon makes me tense . In this film characters can get shot repeatedly without being killed , so the appearance of a gun no longer becomes thrilling.My point is that , ironically , the excessive violence of this film made it one of the most boring films that I 've ever watched .
 This is absolutely one of the worst films I have ever seen . The story line is fit for only the insane and serial killers to love . This picture has so many gruesome characters and plots it is mind boggeling . It starts with a character who kidnaps young girls , slices them with a straight razor , rapes and then kills them . The next character kidnaps women , makes them watch as he eats their body parts , cuts off their heads and mounts them on a wall and then has his pet wolf eat the rest of the body . This character segways into a bishop , who also enjoys eating the bodies of the women with his friend . And this depraved plot goes on and on.What probably most amazed me was that it did n't appear that anyone else in the theatre was remotely upset with what they were seeing . I walked out of the movie after the bishop was murdered because I had had enough . For the serial killers and sadomasachists out there ; this is your kind of movie . For anyone else with any sense of morality ; save your money and some nightmares . Rodriguez -LRB- the director -RRB- is proud of this work and my only response is `` God help us . ''
 which makes this one of the worst movies I have had the misfortune of viewing . Who cares if the visuals are stunning -- there is barely a plot and the characters are repulsive . You just do n't care about them * at all * . I could n't even finish it . If you want stunning visuals get Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow . OK , so it is n't blessed with a great plot , but who cares -- it 's beautiful to look at and has way more charm . And unlike Sin City you wo n't get nauseated watching it .
 I 'm a comic geek , pretty much as ravenous for comics as they come , so I REALLY wanted to like this movie ; furthermore , I liked Frank Miller 's comic work on which this film is adapted . But with much disappointment , I can not give this film a good rating . In fact , the only reason I do give it two stars is that I 'll give them credit for trying new things , like trying to transfer the `` look '' of the comic onto the screen - and maybe for Bruce Willis ' role , as well . But the sum of the parts is that this is a disappointing film.The movie 's biggest flaw is that it tries much too hard to be `` noir , '' as if a room full of Hollywood executives were sitting around saying `` let 's make this noir . '' It simply does n't work that way . I do n't how to articulate exactly the kind of artificiality that the film exhudes , but I would use a film like Kill Bill as a contrast
 I 'm absolutely stunned at the rave reviews this absurdity has recieved . This movie was comedic where it tried to be serious , it was inexplicable when it should have been realistic , and it was above all irritating to watch . Everyone I was with came to that same consensus . And do n't think I 'm some thirty-five-year-old uncultured religious fundamentalist whining about violence and sex in movies . I 'm a fifteen-year-old guy who went to the movie with other fifteen and sixteen year old guys.First , the good . If all you care about in a movie is hot women , you 've got it covered . The style that the movie was shot in was also quite entertaining . It was certainly a feast for the eyes , which makes me wonder if the critics are that easily swayed by a new idea to give a movie a shining review . If it were n't for the splashes of brilliant color in between all the grey , would the critics have thought it was such a great , groundbreaking movie ? No . They would have said it was inexplicable and humorous , such as I . Now let me move on to the truly awful : Can someone please explain to me why after the main character in the middle segment got ran over by a car twice , shot with a gun over and over and over again , and punched out , he can still get back up and walk around shooting people . No , not just shooting people-killing them instantly with one shot ! Does anyone else see the inconsistency here ? Also , was it truly necessary to have an incapacitated head start speaking in the middle of a serious action sequence ? Was that meant to be a joke ? I could n't tell.Furthermore , is n't the `` hookers run this city and have a pact with the police '' thing a little cliche and played out ? Also , the pulling off of penises made me want to gag.The acting was horrendous , but what else should you expect from Brittany Murphy , Taryn Manning and Jessica Alba ? Even Bruce Willis , a favorite of mine , disappointed -LRB- For a good new Bruce flick , catch `` Hostage '' -RRB- . Without it 's stylized directing and visuals , it would be dubbed a piece of crap by the critics and by audiences alike.But , you could still go for a good laugh , I guess.Grade
 Sin City is an empty , hollow , incoherent , poorly edited , pathological piece of snuff porn ; it tries to gloss over this with lots of beautiful camera work , but it 's just like putting a silk dress on a rotting corpse . Each of this movie 's stories are so morally childish they seem as if they were written by sixth-graders . None of them are truly coherent , nor do they make any real sense ; there is an almost total lack of real human emotions , motivations , etc. , that would explain the Road Runner-like violence . The acting is so hammy and heavy-handed that even if it were intended as a satire on the whole film-noir shtick , it still fails miserably . The horrendously bad dialogue would have been funny if it was n't for the film 's violence , which , by itself , speaks volumes about its creators as well as the people who praise this stinking piece of trash . Great stuff , if you think like Lynndie England .
 Remember those ultra-violent `` CREEP '' - type horror comix that used to sit beside Superman , Batman , and Spiderman on variety-store racks in the late 60s ? They apparently evolved -LRB- DEvolved ? -RRB- into the `` Graphic Novel '' ... a modern pic-book format that is simply a more stylishly presented comic book . Computer-moviemaking has progressed to the point that these gratuitously violent cartoons can be presented onscreen . SIN CITY is a hyper-stylized , cartoonish film that blends actors -- sometimes in ridiculous pancake makeup -LRB- a la DICK TRACY -RRB- -- with a pseudo-film-noir black-and-white/splash-of-single - color `` look '' and improbable , ultra-violent special effects . Sick stuff , with cannibalism , child molestation and murder , and bloody pound-the-head-to-a-pulp violence forming the basis for short , brainless stories of revenge and glorified depravity . Even Mickey Rourke 's grotesque `` hero '' , in the longest segment of this disjointed , adolescent mess , is supposed to be laudable for his habit of torturing -- in blood-spattering detail -- all bad guys who get in his way . The simple-minded moral basis here is that as long as you wear the white hat , any violence you commit against anyone on the `` opposite side '' is justified . A real Republican , reactionary , fascist-WASP point of view . This movie is gratuitous , occasionally visually arresting -LRB- but the style gets old fast -RRB- , and loaded with disgusting images worthy of those pimple-faced , maladjusted adolescence male punks who used to lurk around the hall lockers in high-school trading joints and cigarettes while plotting to be late for every class . Do n't waste your time . Even the scrumptious current pop-tart Jessica Alba is poorly displayed ... you do n't really get the sense that she 's there at all . Maybe it 's all that gloom and artificial shadow . A crappy burp-echo of classic 40s film-noir . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I am a big fan of Frank Miller 's work and I loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from . When I saw this film I was blown away by the visuals . It had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything I had seen in a movie before.Having mentioned it 's good points I have to say I was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen . It seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen . For the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through . I had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet.Each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like I was being mugged . What works in a graphic novel does n't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you 'll see here . All the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience . Also , many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here.Purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film . However , my bottom line opinion is it 's a good film to watch for the visual look only , but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the ` mute ' button on . This film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark .
 This review refers to the earlier single-disc edition that was released back in August . As much as I am lauding the special edition that is released a mere few months later , I abhorred the way Disney/Miramax treat their clients and customers with such contempt . Do they hate the consumers so much that they expect all of us to double dip each of their title that is released ? Luckily , when I purchased this single disc edition , it was at a huge discount from Amazon , if not , I would n't have bothered even casting a glance at its cover .
 Unless you were or are a fan of the comic book , stay away . I wasted 2 hours of my life sitting thru this .
 I love the first two `` Free Willy '' movies -LRB- have n't seen the third -RRB- and I so wanted to love this movie . I have a nearly 5-year-old daughter and want her to love whales like I do , and thought that a `` Willy '' movie with a little girl -LRB- and who does n't love Bindi Irwin ?! -RRB- would be perfect.Unfortunately , this movie drowns in a badly-written script , and too many slow and unnecessary scenes.Spoiler Alert -- if you have n't yet seen the movie , I 'm about to give much of it away.The premise is predictable -- Kirra 's dad is hurt and he ships her to Africa to spend some time with her grandfather while he heals . There she finds her grandfather seems a bit of a slacker . He sends someone else to the airport to pick her up because he 's gambling . He owns a rundown amusement park that 's getting its butt kicked by the movie 's bad guy , who owns a super cool amusement park on the other side of town.After a storm , a baby orca is stuck in the lagoon outside the amusement park . Kirra befriends it and names it Willy . I enjoyed seeing Bindi 's Kirra interact with the whale -- even if it obviously was a fake whale . I think Bindi is a good actress . I hope that next time we see her , it 's in a better movie than this.The bad guy amusement park guy wants to buy the orca.As mentioned earlier , the pacing was slow . My easily entertained daughter often was bored . At one point she said , `` I hope something good happens soon . '' I pushed the `` skip to next scene '' button several times -LRB- was either that or stop watching -RRB- . The new scene would begin and we 'd find we had n't missed anything important.One big problem was that the `` Kirra helping her grandfather realize and reach his potential '' storyline was not fully developed.And the CG was awful ! Underwater scenes showing Willy learning to catch fish with echolocation look like a really bad video game . I know orcas swim fast , but this one moves like a supersonic jet . And somehow Kirra and her friend who are above the water are able to see what 's going on underwater.And the whale is bringing tons more people into the rundown amusement park , yet the grandpa complains they ca n't afford to feed it ? And they keep closing the park too ? Did n't make sense.I gave it two stars only because I do love Bindi Irwin . I wish this movie had lived up to its potential .
 I purchased this movie twice and neither one of the times did the movie download . I have not been able to watch the movie because it does n't download . I am extremely disappointed as it was a waste of money !!
 I was disappointed in this movie . I do n't think they used ANY real orcas . Willy was either computer generated or plastic . It was not believable for moment . The graphics were horrendous ! However , I m glad that they did not make little Bindi interact with a real whale especially with what happened to the Sea World Killer Whale Trainer but they could have made Willy a little more realistic looking . Bindi is really a cute little girl but she ca n't act !
 This was the second dvd that was replaced due to the first dvd being defective and upon further investigation of this 2nd dvd replacement order - I found it to be a replicated/burned dvd ; which will not always play well on all dvd players ! Beware of purchasing this dvd - make sure it is an original !! Very bad customer service experience !!
 The Nirvana connection is the obvious selling point of this film , without it who would watch?Hole was not a great band . Yes , I saw them live years ago . They were a contrived cliche ' devoid of historical footprint . All the gushing about greatness is beyond me . I 'm sure the fans will love it.Patty Schemel was a marginal musician not particularly interesting in style or originality . Her drumming was no better than the other 27,000 rock drummers before her . The whole drug-addict/lesbian/animal-saver thing has been done to death . The best part was Patty getting set-up in the studio by an idiot producer seeking to replace her . This kinda thing happens quite often in the music business . I felt for her on that one , but really ... not too many people cared about Hole 's musical direction at that point.The Nirvana footage clearly shows the Cobain 's loved little naked baby Bean with a layer of grotesque grime that drug addicts seem to pull-off best . Oh , how cool and decadent they were -LRB- not -RRB- . It 's all kinda meaningless not very interesting . Are n't there better stories to be told ? Another band in the bargain bin .
 The case for the DVD was broken inside and as a result the DVD moved around inside during shipping and scratched the DVD .
 I am a huge fan of Nick Park . I 've watched my Wallace & Grommit DVD dozens of times with my son and we never tire of it . -LRB- The Wrong Trousers is my favorite . -RRB- I was first in line for tickets for Return of the Where-Rabbit . I love the humor , the slapstick , all of Wallace 's crazy inventions , and of course the claymation . None of this is to be found on this series of interviews with clay animals . The settings change -LRB- the vet , the circus , etc. -RRB- but the premise remains the same . The British accents of the different animals are at times hard to follow , as is the dry British humor . Imagine Wallace never leaving his chair telling the entire story `` A Close Shave '' - it would n't be the same . My 6 year old son could n't follow the interviews , and I could barely make out anything funny . This alone may not be so bad , however the clay animals are fairly un-animated . They just lie or sit or stand there and talk into a clay microphone . Occasionally a dog might bat a ball with his paw , but slapstick it 's not . Perhaps as an added feature to another Nick Park DVD , this might sit well , but at 133 minutes it drags on and on.I would love nothing more than to enjoy this disc as much as I do Park 's other accomplishments . My suggestion is to save your money and buy some cheese , perhaps Gorgonzola !
 Very disappointed in film ... my grandson & I did not know this was a British film ... very monotone so it was a complete waste of money . Please specify in your reviews if the film is American . Thank you .
 These are just boring , soporific interviews put to animal figures . The interviews are n't funny , and using animals to voice them does n't lend them humor . You have to be very easily amused to laugh at this stuff .
 I thought it was cute & cleaver claymation . I was intrigued by the cover and the reviews . However , it was not funny . It is nothing more than listening to a bunch of British rubes drone on about bodily scars and the annoying habits of their roommates . It 's as if they recorded the conversations of people taking at pubs . I have a life span limited to 90 or 100 years . I regret I wasted part of it on this .
 Well , I got this because of the Wallace & Gromit connection . The kids -LRB- 4 and 1.5 -RRB- thought that the animals were funny , but were soon bored , because it 's basically all interviews . Rather dry british humor that I thought was funny , but definitely went over the kids ' heads . Oh well !
 Despite our love for W&G DVD 's -LRB- such as Wrongful Trousers ... -RRB- , this was a HUGE disappointment for our 7 and 5-yo children . Dry humor , no action , hard to follow ... just not fun . The entire DVD is nothing but a documentary format in which cute animals drone on and on , which after any of the W&G episodes , is just plain b-o-r-i-n-g . While we loved the W&G DVD game , this was a mistake .
 On the back it shows jack bussy with an axe . He is only in the movie for like 2 minutes . The story , plot , and acting is all pretty crappy . I suggest you rent evil dead 2 , or wrong turn , Hell even Mary poppins , anything but this .
 &#60; sigh &#62; you know ... sometimes I wonder how films like this ever get made . I mean , I just could never understand how people can waste their time and money on a movie that SUCKS as much as this one did . Ok let me be fair here and say that I 'm sure there are people out there who enjoyed this movie for some reason or another and have the same sense of humor as the writers of this movie -LRB- did n't -RRB- have . This movie was just so horrible I ca n't emphasize it enough . Even if I HAD to write a movie based on a similar storyline ... I could have done a WAY better job and made the movie MUCH more interesting than it was . And I 'm no director ... so you do n't have to take my word for it . But if you have some warped desire to see this movie because you do n't trust my review ... PLEASE do . And then come back on here and rate this movie like I did and say how much you hated it so that I can say ... &#34; I told you so !!! . &#34; Obviously though , there are people out there who liked this movie -LRB- hence the lack of my &#34; helpful &#34; votes for this review -RRB- . I stand by my review that this is a B movie with little to offer an even half intelligent viewing audience ! -LRB- oh great , there go my other &#34; helpful &#34; votes . . -RRB-
 I only watched this movie for one reason ; I 'd heard Tracy Scoggins was in it . Sadly , she only appears for a few seconds , in the only role that is n't detestible . The plot is simplistic to the point of non-existance . The characters are miles beyond idiotic , to the point where you suspect the scriptwriters are . There is n't enough suspense or finesse to fill a teaspoon . The only appeal Busey 's character holds in his brief appearance is to those who find the extremes of gross amusing -- in short , adolescent mentality that laughs at anything disgusting and cruel that Hollywood 's been shovelling their way for the past few years . Makes some of the bad B-movies of the 50 's look positively sophisticated and artsy . If it was meant to be a vague Blair Witch rip-off , it has more in common with the story of Hansel and Gretel -LRB- except that was scarier -RRB- . I wish they allowed `` zero '' stars in the Amazon.com ratings ...
 this is probably the 2nd worst movie i have ever seen ... the first being `` da hip hop witch '' -LSB- which i couldnt even stomach to watch that all the way through -RSB- ... one weekend , there was a free weekend of cinemax or shotime and this movie came on . i 'm not sure why i watched all of it , but i did . what zee heck is going on in this movie ?? there is no violence , very little language , and the `` drug use '' is a couple of teens smoking a joint for like 2 minutes ... oh no ! i think there is a flash of ta-ta 's but its not worth watching because this movie is so horrible . whatever pansy wrote that it will scare the bejesus out of you is a -LRB- ... -RRB- ... i challenge that douche to come over and watch some of the movies i have in my collection ... well , no , because they might get scared , have a heart attack and then i would have some ` splaining to do.again , this movie -LRB- ... -RRB- . i could eat a bunch of laxatives , video tape the following foulness , and have a better movie than this . it shouldnt be labeled as horror ... there should just be a '' -LRB- ... -RRB- '' catagory for crap like this . `` a crack in the floor '' ??? more like a crack in that -LRB- ... -RRB- and this is what fell out .
 Unfortunantly , this third film in the Stepfather series dos n't feature Terry O'Quinn , the great actor who did a great job portraying the psychopath who marries and kills widows . However , this film just dos n't stand up in comparison to the other two films . Only watch if it 's a slow Saturday night and there is nothing else to watch .
 Love the movie , my VHS copy looked better , horrible copy on DVD ! The movie itself was a worthy sequel , not as good as the first two
 A poor script as well as an over use of blood hamper what little hope given to this film from Robert Wrightman 's 50/50 performance . The film suffers from inconsistency
 This was sexy and provocative psychological thriller , but it also had no point in it what so ever . She was crazy and depressed and needed help . And who was the little girl at the end . And what was the cause and effect in this movie . Yes there 's nudity , hers only , and sexual acts . You really do n't hear anything but see the visiuals . I 'm still trying to figure what was the point into making a movie like this and what happened in her past that we do n't see at all . . And yes she did help others see what was missing in thier lifes . The movie itself just plain stupid , and trying to feel sorry for her is n't the answer either . But my favorite part was the end were her best friend punches the sh -- out of her .
 There is no plot . No kind of ending . Never comes together . Title is the only good thing in this project . Acting is worse than just bad .
 bad movi
 Boy , whoever at Playboy said '' Yup , this is fantastic '' ought to lose his job . This is boring , out of sync , and horribly edited . The first one is much , much better ... . Hope they do n't make Girlfriends 3 .
 This is the third film in the Death Note series . It features the enigmatic genius L . This time L is embroiled in attempting to foil a terrorist plot involving a highly contagious virus . L has very little time before his own life is over because of his sentence in the death note from the previous film . -LRB- The death notes are supernatural books kept by the gods of the dead . The previous 2 films involved mortals receiving these books and writing the names of people they want to kill inside them . L wrote his own name to avoid becoming the latest victim of a serial killer - since he knew that if he died sometime in the future he would n't die at the hands of this killer -RRB- . I confess I did n't like this film half as much as the previous 2 . Unlike the previous films , there are hardly any supernatural elements . And L is n't particularly an action character . There is a cameo briefly from Ryuk , -LRB- a death god -RRB- , but that is it . L and the cast spend most of his time protecting 2 small children from the bad guys and foiling the plans of a crazed eco terrorist cell.I was rather disappointed . The previous films were pretty good , but this one seemed weak . L is a good character though . So it was nice to see him in action , however I just do n't think the plot or bad guys were strong enough or cerebral enough to be worthy of L or the 2 hours spent on it .
 Definitely not as good as the book nor anime . Has a bit of a different storyline than the book .
 The acting was terrible and L 's character had no opportunity to be the eccentric genius he usually is . It lacked the thrill , suspense , quarks , and story line of the previous two movies and the series itself . But if you love Death Note this movie lets you see two more hours of L. . .
 Although I usually like John Romer , he really talks out of his hat on this one , then again this movie is 20 years old or so.I know Biblical Archeology pretty well and I recommend the following book.http : / / www.amazon.com/Evidence-Demands-Questions-Challenging-Christians/dp/0785242198/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1301291388&sr;=8-1The New Evidence That Demands A Verdict Fully Updated To Answer The Questions Challenging Christians TodayIf a skeptic reads the Bible , with a determination to not believe any of it , then of course he 's not going to learn anything . Skeptics enjoy accusing Christians of circular reasoning and pre-conceived biases , but what do you call the following ? -- `` I do n't believe that there 's a God , therefore the Bible must be fictitious literature , therefore The Bible Testaments -- the entire book is poppycock . '' That , my friend , is circular reasoning and preconceived bias.John Romer has not read the Bible nor studied it in any detail , too bad , it takes away a lot from his presentation , but when you do n't even know the letters Paul wrote , were actual letters to real churches , during the time Paul lived and not manufactured after he died by the church Hierarchy.Then you have a problem.This goes for Peters letters as well and the list of obvious errors goes on and on.I kinda expected this after all Discovery channel is notorious for sloppy history.When you say The New testament was written generations after Christ died and do not say that is 40 years or within the living memory of the people who saw the events take place.You are being dishonest.When you say all that ... . you are not doing history ... . you are doing politics.And I for one have had enough of that at the University with all my lying Marxist Professors .
 I was not a big fan of george raft films but oddly know him from a few films he made with other larger starsfrom the 30 's and 40 's and given things we know of him i find it interesting his casting late in his career in the edward g robinson film -LRB- 1955 -RRB- a bullett for joey . He 's more of an interest now largely for the kind of life he led rather than the films he made since after a brief rise to great stardom in the 1930 's for some reason -LRB- which only he himself knows -RRB- he was offered by warners the chance to work with some of the best directors and writers like john huston and work in the best films ... but turned them down and the films went to other stars and became big hits ... and the films he did make were lacklustre and by the early to mid 40 's he was on a downward spiral and career was in the dumps . It could be if he had the chance to make those films he would not have developed into a big star in the 40 's anyways , audiences just took to other others , the mix of star to film and success as it translates into critical and box office success is a mystery . Its movie magic ! Perhaps he didnt have the magnetism and appeal to move from the gangster films to the more complex films of the early 40 's and turned them down ... but anyways this is a theme of the movie and it spends time here his decline as an actor and popular star in the 40 's ... there is much here his meetings with al capone and other notorious figures of the 30 's , a murder of a hollywood associate , his early rise from dancer to hollywood . What i found most interesting is his early struggle , in new york , and his attraction for the most desirable woman ... and how he never really rose in the gangster world of new york but was cast out there as well ... for whatever reason . The film ends -LRB- and it plays like a b film -RRB- with his casting in Some like it hot -LRB- 1959 -RRB- but there was no comeback ... he was famous in the 30 's and fell fast and he always seemed bewildered by having people look on him as a gangster ... however he was never well accepted there either and the frosty meetings with capone , the years of loneliness in hotels and lacklustre personal life are all too telling ! He was shattered by his mother 's death , an event which tells us much , that relationship may have been the foundation which held him together , and he found himself using his influence in various ways throughout his life . The film really shys away from the way he used his ties , and really doesnt examine at all the world of that time . I recall a funny episode years ago in a star trek episode `` a piece of the action '' be gene coon and davisd harmon , which was a send up of the gangster life of chicago with old books like a bible and a code , , , which was quite funny ... youll learn more there than here ... Raft was never really a happy person , and very often people shattered by a mother 's death dont build up good personal family connections on their own ... the solitude of later years ... that 's the most interesting part of this film as the solitude is a very eerie and modern feeling we all feel today though we all have relations of some sort given the independence mania the values of life are rather self subsisting , like the character here depicted ...
 I just recieved this as a gift and I 'm a hugh Jayne Mansfield fan and it was aweful . Not only did the DVD not play properly but the movie is so bad I had to return it . It 's was so painful to watch . Even a Jayne Mansfield fan has to admit her acting is beyond terrible in the movie .
 I bought this hoping for a good daily qi gong routine for stress relief and stretching , and was bitterly disappointed . Despite two and a half hours of running time , only one hour and ten minutes of that is actual ` practice time ' . Most of the DVD is made up of interviews and a documentary . That 's fine if you 're interested in qi gong as a documentary subject , but it 's of no interest to me . The practice part of the disc was filmed by a lake near mountains , with gorgeous scenery and excellent production values . The instructor goes through how to do each exercise very slowly , repeating each exercise twice . It 's great as a ` how to ' , but useless for the person who wants to follow a daily routine . I 'd happily lose the interview and documentary for even a ten to twenty minute daily qi gong routine!But the most damning thing is that it 's confusing as hell for the viewer with no experience with qi gong . There are many complex hand motions in many of the moves . These are almost impossible to follow because the narrator keeps telling you to `` use the left hand '' or `` move to the right '' and the instructors on screen are following the narrator , too . Unfortunately , this does n't allow you to ` mirror ' what the instructor is doing , and throws you off because what you 're doing does n't visually follow the instructor at all . The only way I could even begin to grasp some of the exercises was to ignore the narrator and concentrate on mirroring the instructors . In other words , it worked better if I put it on mute ! But by doing that you miss out on instructions on when to exhale and inhale for the best results . This was incredibly frustrating . It was absolutely amateurish , and not something you 'd expect from such a well-produced -LRB- and expensive -RRB- DVD . I was horribly disappointed . I think those with experience with qi gong or those interested in the historical aspects of the art would enjoy this DVD . For those beginners -LRB- or even the more experienced -RRB- who are looking for a daily qi gong routine , keep looking .
 I was so looking forward to this DVD . I had tried Gaiam Tai Chi DVDs but found the instructors ' positions facing towards the camera and their opposite movements -LRB- to the viewer -RRB- very confusing . I knew that Qigong was a simpler form of Tai Chi and after reading many positive reviews purchased this DVD . I now realize that the people who wrote those reviews must have had prior training in Qigong . While the movements are , in fact , quite simple , it is not at all easy to follow them if using this DVD . As with the Tai Chi DVDs , the instructors are always facing the camera . When they move to their right they are moving to the viewers ' left . This is very confusing . Also , the speed with which the intricate movements are preformed is too fast to follow . Would it not make sense on a beginning DVD to break the movements into a series of steps and then put them all together ? I have not yet been able to master with any kind of proficiency , the first 45 seconds of the first movement . I am continually getting hand and arm movements confused and am rather astounded that at 50 seconds into the instruction , with no time to process the preceding movements , the viewer is asked to incorporate a specific breathing pattern into the movement . Then it 's on to a new series of movements . I ca n't count the number of times I have had to go back to the beginning of the segment and start all over again . I really do n't know that I want to do any more So disappointing . I am sure those that have had some Qigong instruction would find this a good DVD . I wish I were able to attend a Qigong class but I am not . So , for me this seems to be a complete waste of money . I am adept at dance and many forms of exercise , but not Qigong the way it is presented on this so-called `` Beginning '' DVD.UPDATE
 DO N'T buy this product if you expect it to be closed captioned as it says in the product description : Format
 Too much on one dvd for total beginers . Also thought I was purchasingLee holden picture on front looked like him . I tried but had a hard timefollowing . Have returned this one .
 This DVD definitely has some value and information that is interesting and it seems their heart is in the right place . On the other hand , in the age of DVD menus , I just assumed that all the various `` create your own routine '' exercises would be listed on a menu . Instead , it is kind of VHS format with one following the other and no menu except `` play '' or `` interview '' . In order to randomly do the exercises -LRB- as the instructor encourages -RRB- , I am going to have to sit down with a pen and paper and copy down which exercise goes with which chapter number , using the chapter display feature on my DVD player . The names are all in Chinese which does not bother me , but it will be more difficult to remember with so many to choose from and no numbers . Then I will have to hit chapter forward and chapter backwards to search around for each one -LRB- there are at least 16 -RRB- , which does not seem like part of a relaxing flow . Many DVD 's in this day and age -LRB- even when not intended for random order -RRB- have every section on the menu and when you finish one , it goes to the menu and all you have to do is find the next one . I was very suprised this function was not available when it got so many great reviews . It would not be a big deal if I only planned to watch the DVD , but to get the actual use out of it , stopping the flow to pick up my paper and then foward chapter a few times , backward chapter a few times with paper in hand ... this is anti-stress reduction . Can you tell I am a little agitated already ? :--RRB- Of course , if I just learn one small 2 min section per week and repeat that one and then do the exercises without the video , it wo n't be a problem , but then it is much better to rent it occasionally or buy a book . It 's just so disappointing when a simple detail that is technologically available and commonplace is left out , especially when the randomness and self-tailoring is so central to this particular practice as presented . It certainly is not presented in a flow that is comfortable for me as is . I was so happy with another qigong video I rented before because , despite many injuries , I found I was able to do the first few exercises right away , as they were set up in a comfortable flow that warmed you up slowly . This is not set up in this manner -LRB- because of the randomness they understandably encourage -RRB- and seems to favor more postures for upper body , arms in front . My interest in non-western activities has somewhat stemmed from the overabundance of western focus on chest and foward shoulder pushing activities which have contributed to my injuries . I found so many detailed arms out in front poses in a row within the first few minutes of this video I found it instantly disheartening , especially when it is billed as an excellent starting point for beginners . I guess I was just so looking forward to something I thought this could be based on my limited but positive experience with qigong . I have used many different activitity videos in the past and followed the improvement and growth of well-intentioned knowledgeable instructors as they refine their DVD set-up and style . I hope this instructor 's obvious passion and desire to teach will help him create something more accessible in the future . As for now , I have to say to other shoppers that if you have the opportunity to rent this before buying , I recommend doing so , to see if you can actually effectively use it . It is not a terrible product , but it just did n't turn out to be what I expected based on the description , the reviews , and even the explanation within the DVD from the instructors . Especially after positive experiences with other Gaiam products , I expected a different level of attention to detail and usefulness . On a high note , the music was excellent .
 LOVED Jari 's Ripped 1000 and this was a disappointment in comparison . BORING , repetitive , and not as tough . Still a good workout , but definitely not her best .
 This video will provide a hard workout , but it is very high impact . There is a lot of jumping in every segment ! Anyone with joint issues should avoid this one . And though you can modify , if you are modifying almost every activity , your workout will suffer . Also , maybe I did not read carefully enough to know that to do the program to its fullest potential , you need an aerobic step . I do not have one and do not want to get one . I did the workouts without the step and it was odd . You can pretend to have a step , but it throws things off . Finally , the routine is boring . She does the same exercise for as many as five sets per side -- way too much for my attention span . I may use this once in awhile , but I have other DVDs I like much better .
 It is not a bad workout , but they repeat the same move too many times.I know some of Jillian and Billy Blank workout are annoying because they change moves too many times.But this one is just too boring to follow.What 's up with her asking the man to move her step . She workout and has tons of muscle , ca n't even manage to move the step ? come on ...
 I did not like this DVD . I have never purchased Jari Love DVD before and probably will not purchase any more of her workouts .
 Not certain what I thought I was getting but there is no music on these DVDs . Totally a documentary that is n't even authorized .
 Do n't bother ! I am a huge Bon Jovi fan and this was absolute crap ! I should have read the fine print before purchasing , as I did not realize that this was unauthorized DVD about the band . Crap , crap , crap . Very disappointed .
 This is simply an unauthorized documentary x2.If you like that kind of thing I guess its ok but theres no Bon Jovi authorized material included at all.IMO a total RIP !
 This DVD set is a big rip off !!! I thought I was buying a new , previously unreleased DVD set . No where was I told that in the sealed box were two DVDs I already owned . One is titled `` The Billion Dollar Quartet '' and the other `` Heaven Can Wait '' . The DVD `` Heaven Can Wait '' is also the same DVD sold under the title `` Round and Round . '' None of these DVDs are aurhorized by Bon Jovi . BIG dissapointment and waste of money !
 Very disappointed . Someone appointed themselves to be an `` insider '' ! This is old information and does not even have any music on it and is not authorized by Bon Jovi . Do not waste your money . Not as advertised !
 I should have read the reviews a little closer . This is not a Bon Jovi authorized documentary . You can find better discussions on YouTube . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Saw II . ** 1/2Reprising the original this returns to the world of Jigsaw and some fresh victims . As per normal , rather than rehash plotline I 'll focus on my thoughts on this film.The suspense just is n't there . Throughout most of the film I never felt pulled in . Sure in a couple of the bloody scenes I winced a bit . However , the emotional rollercoaster is n't there.Amanda
 Saw was good , because it was creating a new genre and it was original and on a league of it 's own . Saw 2 is not as good in my opinion . It 's very disturbing at times , because it 's so graphic and violent and so much blood and gore that by the end of it I was repulsed by it . Why was this low-budget horror film so bloody successful ?! They are already making Saw 3 now . The cast had very little appeal to me in this film . Yes , it is shot in Toronto and I did recognized my friend Ho `` Oyster '' who played the cop and he just had two lines . I guess I am not really into this kind of nasty gore feast . I prefer horror films that have more intricate storyline and not `` cutting up body parts kind of stuff '' . It 's got a niche market and it works for that target audiences . I am not looking forward to see another Saw .
 whoa this movie was so disappointing , the premise of this movie is so awful with no developing characters they just get killed off like some bad slasher movie . . weak
 In the original Saw , The Jigsaw Killer locked Dr. Cary Elwes and Leigh Whannell and chained there feet up in a murky bathroom with a dead guy in the middle of the room and the only way the can get out is to saw threw their feet . . well , Elwes sawed threw his leg and the dead guy in the center just so happened to be the Jigsaw Killer . Now , in Saw 2 , Det. Donnie Wahlberg -LRB- Dreamcatcher , Ransom -RRB- is on the case of the Jigsaw Man with Det. Dina Meyer -LRB- Stranger Than Fiction , Starship Troopers -RRB- and the swat team at his side as they finally capture the Jigsaw Killer , played by Tobin Bell -LRB- The Firm . Malice -RRB- who is dying of cancer . Wahlberg finds out that there are several people in a room locked up with no way out and they are breathing in a deadly nerve agent that destroys your insides and if they dont make it in time , solve the puzzles , then their all going to die . Once they escape the room , they go on a frantic spree around the house looking for ways to get out and Donnie Wahlberg is trying to get Jigsaw Killer to tell him where the people are because one of those people is his son . A perfect companion movie to the original Saw meshes well with it , notably towards the end . Wahlberg gets some credit for delivering a good performance and Tobin Bell is wonderfully creepy as The Jigsaw Killer . Fans of the first or really major horror buff fans will love the new traps that are set in the movie ... with bloody effect ... they love their blood those horror junkies . Some energy gets drained here and there but what keeps it alive is the ending . Also starring Franky G -LRB- The Italian Job , Wonderland -RRB- , Glenn Plummer -LRB- South Central , Speed -RRB- , Beverly Mitchell -LRB- Tv 's 7th Heaven -RRB- , Shawnee Smith -LRB- Tv 's Becker -RRB- , Eric Knudsen -LRB- The Prize Winner of Defiance , Ohio -RRB- , Tony Nappo -LRB- Land of the Dead , Four Brothers -RRB- , Tim Burd -LRB- Resident EvilApocalypse -RRB- and Emmanuelle Vaugier -LRB- Cerberus -RRB- . Leigh Whannel who played Adam in the first Saw , cowrote with the directors of both films
 Saw II-Same Formula . Sorry but Despite it 's Drama and it 's So-called Horror , I do n't mind gore when necessary in a Horror movie to get it 's point across . but The Saw Series which By the way I have only seen up to 3 I think . Is plain torture porn , I do n't like torture to such extremes , It 's all it is , that and Hostel . there is no value in such a movie . And then the guy come on ? oh well . maybe my bias would make others think I am crazy for not liking the movie , but I apologize it 's not my type of movie , watch/rent it and see if you like it .
 While I am a bit jaded when it comes to horror , the first Saw movie was a pleasant surprise . Saw 2 , on the other hand , was junk . I quit halfway through . The acting was horrible , the plot dull , and suspense ? Non-existent . The only thing of note in this movie was the intense gore , and that was a bit too much when set side by side with all the things Saw 2 lacked.Total Score -LRB- out of 100 -RRB- = 2916 -LRB- out of 50 -RRB- . Enjoyment . A rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film .3 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Acting . How good was the acting ? 4 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Immersion . Did the movie suck me into the story ? 2 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Intangibles . Special effects . Movie pace . Is the movie forgettable , or something you will talk about and remember for weeks ? Years ? 4 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must see . Is this movie worth seeing/renting ? 0 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must buy . Is this movie a must buy/purchase ?
 Saw I had promise and and descended in to a plot mess . Saw II is absurd and not even scary . The basic problem is twofold
 This series has a lot of potential going for it , but unfortunately this film is hampered by an illogical screenplay . Does anyone remember Stigmata ? Saw II has the same style cinematography and editing -LRB- which is quite irritating -RRB- , minimal character development -LRB- which is a key factor to building suspense -RRB- , one predictable horror movie cliche after another , the fact that they show the mysterious killer all through the movie -LRB- whose brain fart was responsible for this catastrophic mistake -RRB- , sadly the scary factor goes quietly down the drain . One good thing Saw 11 has going for it are the death scenes that are sometimes interesting , nasty and inventive . Saw II tries real hard to be a good film , but the MTV style direction and pacing -LRB- think a childs attention span -RRB- eventually pulls it under . Watch the far superior and original Cube instead .
 The first Saw movie was like a breathe of fresh air to the genre . It was n't a PG-13 rated teen fest or a remake of a classic 70 's horror film either , and while it was n't perfect , it still managed to deliver the goods with a little bit of originality thrown in . Saw II picks up where the first film left off , with Jigsaw -LRB- Tobin Bell -RRB- playing another game with a group of people ; among whom is survivor Amanda -LRB- Shawnee Smith -RRB- and the son -LRB- Erik Knudsen -RRB- of crooked detective Eric Matthews -LRB- Donnie Wahlberg -RRB- who is forced to play along as well . Replacing James Wan as director , Darren Lynn Bousman ups the ante in terms of grotesqueness and the design of Jigsaw 's game , but the story -LRB- originally based on an older story by Bousman that was later transformed into Saw II -RRB- is n't close to being as engaging as it was the first time around , and besides Bell , Smith , and Wahlberg ; the rest of the cast -LRB- including a returning Dina Meyer , along with Glen Plummer , 7th Heaven 's Beverly Mitchell , Franky G , and Emmanuelle Vaugier -RRB- range from grating to awful . There 's some pretty good gore effects , and the scenarios offer some imagination , but Saw II is a far step down from the original . All in all , Saw II is n't horrible , but it 's definitely the worst entry in the series by far .
 This was nothing compared to the originality of saw # 1 . the plot sucked and the acing was nothing to talk about .
 poorly filmed with no good directingand character develop in a wrong directionso it might be entertaining by all the bloody gorybut this film is a biggest failure in all seriesbtw the plot was written for a scary moviebut IGN took it in
 I was excited about this film , truly excited . I really enjoyed the first ` Saw ' film and just had the highest of hopes for the sequel . I think that 's why in the end it proved to be such a disappointment . Do n't get me wrong , when I walked out of the theater I was in heaven . I loved what I had just seen . It was gruesome , disturbing and to an extent quite scary . After a second watch through though I realized that this film is so far below the original it 's ridiculous . The concept for this film is just too simple when compared to the original film . The only similarity between the two is the villain and even that takes an unwarranted twist . Yes , the final sequence was a head-scratcher but it could n't hold a candle to the mastery that was the original ` Saw ' conclusion.The film centers again around mastermind Jigsaw as he sets up yet another elaborate trap , this time collecting a group of ex-convicts in an abandoned house filled with deadly gas with antidotes spread throughout the house . In order for them to get these antidotes they must do some horrific things . One of the victims is young Daniel Matthews whose father , Police Detective Eric Matthews , has captured Jigsaw and is trying desperately -LRB- and quite uncivilly -RRB- to force into giving up the houses location.Sadly ` Saw II ' becomes a showcase for gruesome deaths and disturbing sights over mental breakdown and mind bending horror . I say ` sadly ' for a reason . The original ` Saw ' was not all that gory . Sure there were some bloody sequences and some disturbing events but for the most part ` Saw ' was a mental game , a mind tease if you will . ` Saw II ' feels like a cop out almost . It feels like any other slasher film and that is a disappointment since I expected so much more.There are some good things about this film , Tobin Bell for one who expands upon his original role as Jigsaw with some exceptional results , but story wise ` Saw II ' fails . As far as the death scenes are concerned , sure they make you squirm and that 's a plus right , and that pit of syringes still gets to me when I think about it , but all of this ca n't make up for the lack or originality . It 's dark , it 's disturbing , it 's gory and it 's very uninspired . I have yet to see the third and fourth ` Saw ' offerings mainly because this was such a let down . I 'm sure I 'll get to the rest of the series to form my own opinions ; hopefully they will be an improvement.The acting here is an improvement upon the original , well , at least some of it is . Donnie Wahlberg -LRB- who could be brother Mark 's twin I swear -RRB- has a much better grasp on his character than Cary Elwes did . Shawnee Smith does decently here as does Erik Knudsen and of course Tobin Bell . The rest of the cast is decent at best . Franky G is horrific , Beverley Mitchell -LRB- from ` Seventh Heaven ' ... what 's she doing here ? -RRB- is annoying as all get out and Tim Burd is just plain non-effective . Emmanuelle Vaugier does little else but be really hot and Tony Nappo is gone too quickly to make much of an impact so that leaves Glenn Plummer to pick up the pieces and he does a decent but not too impressive a job . Still , the acting is an improvement if you will.In the end I ca n't say much else then this was a major disappointment when compared to what it could have been but when you place it in the perspective of ` most ' -LRB- I say ` most ' because there are a select few horror films that truly are brilliant -RRB- horror films of late then this fits in the with pack as disturbing , gruesome and brainless .
 After seeing the first Saw I was so looking forward to this one . But I had my worries . I loved the first one , but unfortunatly this doesnt come to the standards of the original . I have noticed how people have compared the original Saw to the film Cube with its similarities . Saw 2 not only has similarites , but looks almost exactly like it . People locked in a house full of traps , entering the first room to get to the second . Sure this film is a lot better than Cube , but it could have done a lot better than this . Throughout the film when something big is about to happen , it just comes across different death scenes like slasher films . Saw is NOT a slasher film . Saw 2 , however , follows in its footsteps , finding an easy way out . Its like they just want to get this film over with . Saw 2 still has a neat ending but also added something a little silly to it . Not half as good as the ending to the original . Overall , Saw 2 isnt rubbish . It just seems a little pointless .
 There are no surprises in this second Saw movie anymore . Again Jigsaw the Great has created a mysterious sadistic masterplan to have his victims appreciate their lives a bit more . This time however watching the movie you simply do n't believe the story anymore . I think the first Saw was splendid , but they should not have made a sequel . -LRB- SARR -RRB-
 The person before me typed a massive spoiler for the movie and did n't feel the need to tell people . Nice job kid . My view of the movie was this . I really liked the first Saw , and HATED this sequel . This movie was more of a teenage slasher movie with grossout , nasty killings without thought behind them . Just ways to maim people . The first movie was n't just about that , there was plenty of story to keep it going . This just did n't have it . Not recommended .
 This sequel to a great film is the type that teases you for the first 60 minutes , then tries to surprise you at the end and recap all of the previous scenes . This movie was n't much fun to watch at all . While there were a few intense and gory scenes that were pulled off really well , most of the story lacked originality and the acting by Donnie from The New Kids was only mediocre.By the end of the movie , you just wo n't care about the mystery anymore , and when you finally figure it out , you will care even less . A real dissapointment from the first SAW .
 Being that it is Halloween I have decided to check out a few horror films , and since I already watched the first `` Saw '' , I thought that I could continue on with the series , because the first one showed a lot of potential in the series . Unfortunatly `` Saw II '' did not continue to give me faith in the series.Saw 1 started out with 2 guys trapped in a room , and we followed thier back story to find out why they were there . The problem was interesting , and although it did not follow up on its true potential , it was interesting . The idea of a Killer , who never actually kills anybody , but makes them kill themselves was new and interesting , `` Saw II '' Forgot that . `` Saw II '' Had about 8 or so people trapped in a house that is pumping a nerve gas into thier system , that if ingested for more than 2 hours would cause them to die . Throughout the house thier are traps and puzzles set up , that if done right will allow them to get an antidote to the gas , each trap set for an individual , for the crimes they have done to humanity , or themselves so that if they do survive they can better understand life.Meanwhile the father of one of the people in the house -LRB- who happens to be a cop -RRB- has actually caught Jigsaw , but things are not working out when Jigsaw shows him what is going on with his son.This sounds like it might be a fun movie . But its not . I do n't care if there is an antidote somewhere in the house , if they do n't know how to get it , and you pumped them full of poisin , THAT 'S STILL MURDER . Also while the first one had many new ideas , this one is painfully pumped full of horror movie cliche 's , that I am so damn sick of seeing . Like the survivor from the previous film , who because she survived him once before she is an expert on him . The tough guy jerk who does n't care about saving anybody but himself . Their is no character development , just big walking stereotypes we have seen in every horror movie ever made . Oh , and I hate to give it away , but the black guy dies.Just like the original `` Saw '' it failed to live up to its own potential that it set up . We are led to believe that there are several traps throughout the house , each for an individual person . 8 people , we see 3 , and one of them it is n't even explained who it was for . The ending for the most part was predictable . and again , nobody seems to care too much about the time limit until it is too late . They people have 2 hours and they open like 3 rooms in the house . I pretty sure they would have gotten a lot more done if the time limit was used to its potential.And in the end , you find out that most of what transpired in that movie , did not matter , that really , this is all just a huge set up for `` Saw III '' . I do n't like when movies waste my time just so they can get another movie in the series . I will see `` Saw III '' because I have MVP at Hollywood Video , so its free and I can let my curiousity get the best of me , but I would not pay to continue this series.I give it a 3.5 out of 10 .
 I would rather cut my foot off with a saw , than see this piece of s ** t again , if you want horror sticks with
 The first Saw , while gross and distasteful , is pretty good . This very disappointing sequel , however , takes the disgust and gore to another level . Most movies these days , like Saw II , Hostel , and Wolf Creek , are more interested in making its viewers vomit rather than concentrating on a decent horror plot . The twist is so expected , even if you ca n't figure it out , that it does n't have the same effect as the first movie . While the twist is mildly clever , the completely disgusting effects doom this movie from the beginning and it never fully recovers ; a terrible movie .
 Glad I chose HD-DVD over the lame Blu-Ray , Batman Begins -LRB- which is waay better than Saw II isnt available on Blu-Ray . If you want to see an incredible transfer but a HD player with Batman Begins , and Troy .
 SPOILERS *********** Here we go again . The bad guy wants people to change their ways , so why not open a counseling center ; no , instead through some source of funding and high understanding of electronics , etc. . . he puts together grand schemes in which people get killed . The ending of the movie was a complete joke . Why would one of the abductees work for someone that tried to kill her ? She was thrown into a pit of needles and still she plays along ; I think she would have just given up . Innocent people die around her and she does n't care to help them . Also , the people in the house work against eachother for some odd reason , rather than help eachother out . Where did the bad get the nerve gas and antidote . Nothing like that is explained . I think in the next movie they should have everyone work together and then defeat the bad guy/girl . Finally give us some satisfaction .
 Its about a bunch of people who are locked in a house and die in different ways . No seriously . Thats it . If you enjoy watching people die with a little soap opera plot attempt thrown in ... this is for you . Its violent . Big deal . So is Shindler 's List and we 're not calling that a horror movie , now are we ? The JR High kids should love it .
 Kind of boring , not as unique and creative as the first `` Saw . '' Would n't recommend .
 The original Saw was great in concept , mediocre in execution , so I was n't expecting much here . And `` not much '' is what I got . What we have here is a ponderous , top-heavy slasher film that 's too busy trying to find a forumla in the original Saw and follow it to find any real footing , or an identity of its own . One thing Saw had going for it was somewhat engrossing characters . Saw II contains your average roster of vaguely developed trap fodder who predictably start lashing out at one-another before dying telegraphed deaths.The lead girl Amanda , once a somewhat believable jittery addict , is now of a rather cardboard stoic nature . I assume I was supposed to care about Eric 's son , but he might as well have been a secondary character . The most developed character was the `` Jigsaw killer '' himself , and you can trick anyone into thinking a character has depth if they have a terminal illness.What have we left ... Oh yes , the ending . Saw II has one of the most convoluted , contrived endings I 've ever seen in a Hollywood movie . It 's as forced as a pineapple in a paper shredder , and makes about as much sense as that prospect . Hm , that 's it . Pretty dull . - Thus says the Pellington
 The biggest problem with the movie is that it 's a painfully obvious attempt to cash in on a surprise hit.Of course , most of the greatness of Saw was made by its twist ending . In this one , we get another one . It 's a twist I found extremely disapointing and unnecessary . -LRB- But of course ... it was put in to say there will be another one ... -RRB- What made the first movie so great ? It did n't follow a formula . What made this one bad ? It follows a formula.Whereas the first one did so much with so little , this one does so little with so much.I ca n't honestly believe that they thought the movie was going to be better by simply multiplying the number of victims.What we get here is a bunch of pretty WB type faces , reacting overly dramatic , getting unexpectedly killed one by one . How original ... Let 's face it folks ... it 's been done before ... This is n't Saw , this is Final Destination ... How disapointing ...
 `` The jigsaw piece that I cut from my subjects was only ever meant to be a symbol that that subject was missing something . A vital piece of the human puzzle ... , the survival instinct . '' - John tells Eric how he gets jiggy in `` Saw II `` Lackluster sequel to the 2004 original , has nothing new to add & basically feels like a derivitive video game for the X Box 360 , PS 2 crowd.A new detective is thrown on the case of `` The Jigsaw '' murders & as usual , Jigsaw himself figures out who this new cop is & wants to play a deadly game with him.This time a group of felons , the cop had underhandly put away in the past , are kidnapped & locked in an abandoned house filled with jigsaw traps . The group must come together to overcome & survive their stay . Whats worse , is they only have two hours to escape since their is a toxic nerve agent slowly being pumped into the house that , without a cure , will turn them into a bloody soup -LRB- the cure is , supposedly locked in a huge safe . Get the combination to the safe , will get you the cure . -RRB- `` Oh yes , their will be blood . `` Adding insult to injury the detective 's son is among the group , & it 's just a matter of time before the felons find out why he is among them . If the detective plays Jigsaw 's game , his son will live , but , with a very short temper it 's just a matter of time before the detective snaps . `` Saw II '' was immediately green lit after the first successful weekend of the original in October of ' 04 . The film was put into rush mode since it had just under a year for completion & release . `` Saw II '' has no real thrills to it . The characters are cardboard & a lot of what went on the house could have been handled differently , or avoided altogether . The film is way to predictable.Donnie Wahlberg 's character is probably one of the worst detectives in film history . If he kept his cool the film would have been better for it . Shawnee Smith 's character was just lame & the ending was total bulls ** t.The only time `` Saw II '' comes alive is when Tobin Bell is onscreen & thats only , roughly ten to fifteen minutes of screentime . It was a bit interesting to see the origin of Jigsaw . Bell gives a creepy vibe to the character.I was expecting a bit more from `` Saw II '' , but , I should have known better.This game , is most definitely , over .
 No wonder he gets away , the cops are so stupid . When dealing with a manipulator , why begin by allowing him to control the rules and location ? If the participants are victims of bad cops , why are they punished ? Too stupid to be enjoyed .
 Despite the fact that this is the widescreen ratio , beware
 This is another bad sequel to a promising franchise . Whatever was good about the original was left out of this sub par entry . It 's not unwatchable but , it does have some really stupid scenes throughout this rushed `` cash in quick '' mess of a sequel . I have n't seen the third installment yet but , if it 's anything like this one , it 's not worth seeing . I gave it 11/2 stars for having good production . See SAW not SAW II ! ; - p
 Having enjoyed `` Saw '' , I was looking forward to seeing the sequel . More of the same . A plot with twists . Slightly unrealistic characters but , nonetheless , a good edge of the seat thriller.Unfortunately , `` Saw II '' was a bit of a letdown compared with its predecessor . The plot was too far fetched and the traumas often too predictable . It 's one of those cases where the child fails to live up to live up to the parent . The end is obviously left open for a further sequel . However , I can only hope that the producers resist the urge to continue down this path unless in possession of better script .
 I 'll start by saying that this is nowhere near as good as the first . I also feel that fans of the first Saw who liked this sequal obviously did n't get the first movie . The first was an intelligent albeit grisley murder mystery thiller , comparable to Seven , Natural Born Killers , and 8mm ; it was NOT a horror movie . Saw 2 on the other hand is just that
 This movie stunk big time . The first Saw was entertaining . The sequel was lame . The acting was absolutely atrocious . The characters did n't behave and act like people in those situations or under those circumstances would act , at all . It was pretty funny . Especially when Donnie Wahlberg is trying to be a tough guy . He does n't pull it off . He 's no Mickey Rourke .
 Saw is one of my all time favorite horror flicks . The plot is so clever , the acting is right on point , and the dialouge flows nicely . But Saw II is a complete mess . Whereas the first one seemed to focus more on a well written script and thought provoking plot , the sequel focuses more on shock value . I guess it depends on what you find entertaining . If you enjoy lots of blood and gore than you 'll probably love it , but if you like a plot with a little bit of depth than this is n't the movie for you . The only highlight for me was the ending ... which sets up a good opening for part 3 .
 A long time ago there was a movie called Seven that was clever and disturbing beautifully made and had riveting performances.Those days are long gone.Now we get horror movies hurriedly slopped together for a quick buck.The filmmakers think up a few nice twists for the ending and pad out the rest of the movie with a bunch of jerks wandering around a house falling into various deathtraps like idiots.As a fan of the glory days of 70s low budget horror films I have to say there 's nothing all that shocking here despite some really annoying flashy editing gimmicks that dilute the effect of gruesome scenes.The cast is unlikable and the killer mastermind practically catatonic -LRB- imagine Christopher Walken in his place ... that would 've been creepy -RRB- so there 's little to hold your interest between predictable death scenes.Good twist at the end but not as good as the orginal and a good horror film should have more to offer than a climatic surprise to be truly scary .
 i was very disappointed that the movie did not have a cover and i bought a brand new copy of it
 Saw 2 , was a mistake , i am upset that i wasted my money renting it . saw 1 was the best , you did not know what to expect , and it was actually scary . i was immune to the Saw 2 , i did not flinch once .
 How does anyone say the Saw movies are better than Hostel , these movies do n't deliver anywhere near the amoount of carnage that movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek do . These movies are soft enough for elementary kids to watch . The gore does n't match up to Hostel and the story does n't match up to Seven . This movie does n't deliver on either level its suppose to .
 I did not see the first Saw movie , so maybe if I had seen that this somehow would 've been less predictable ? I do n't know . All I know is that I had all the big twists figured out as soon as the unlucky group of castaways started discussing their situation , and I do n't even pride myself on that , it was obvious . Now I 'll go into exactly why this movie was so bad . If you do n't want to know anything about what happens in the movie , stop reading . *** SPOILERS BELOW *** Bad things about this movie : * Supposedly `` Jigsaw '' is trying to teach a big lesson about getting people to appreciate life . If this is the case , why does everyone die and why is everyone stupid ? Not one of the puzzles in the movie is solved in supposedly the way they are supposed to solve it . Anyone who tries just fails and/or dies anyway . Maybe that was the point of the whole thing , but then it 's like this whole scheme was set up just to capture the police officer . . seems a bit excessive for that . * Adding to the above , the link between all the characters is that the boy 's father framed all of them for crimes they did n't commit . Again , I do n't see why they were all punished for that . * The characters are way too stupid , even for a horror movie . The moment one of the characters shows an ounce of intelligence , she dies from the toxic gas immediately after . Everyone else just continually does unbelievably stupid things . * The editing of the movie is condescending . Aside from drawing out the death scenes to ridiculous measures -LRB- and playing the same scream sound over and over per death -RRB- , when the biggest twist is revealed they felt the need to show us how that links to everything else in the movie . I personally enjoy re-watching movies with big twists at the end just to connect the dots myself , but the way this movie ends with the twist montage takes away any need for that . * Maybe I 'm overthinking this motive thing and the whole thing was just a ruse because he knew the others were listening in , but generally when you have the villain in a horror movie explain his motive , he is telling the truth . Here , it 's like he went into detail about why he was doing everything , but in the end it meant nothing . *** SPOILERS ABOVE *** I do n't understand why anyone thinks this is even a decent movie .
 Man , what a ridiculous piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was n't a huge fan of the first film , but apparently enough so to bring me back for a second helping . I ca n't remember when I spent more time bitching during the course of a movie . There was n't a single believable moment . The directing / editing were atrocious . The dialogue ... come on , who ever says any of these things ? The acting -- egads . The villain was absolutely the only character who was remotely interesting , but they destroyed this by making him deliver the most ponderous speeches imaginable . One silly , illogical platitude after another . I do somewhat sympathize with the man 's motives , however . If there actually were a universe populated by specimens this unappealing and tedious , then extermination would certainly be the appropriate course of action . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 not enough blood , not enough gore , wasnt grisly at all to me . this was a huge let down . the best part was you got to see the scene from the first saw and you could see their rotting bodies and dudes foot sitting there .
 This film is stupider than the first . How on earth can people like this crap ? The writting , the plot , etc. , they all sucked rotten eggs ! Films like this should be thrown in the furnace to burn fast ! Stay away !
 saw 2 - ok-2 .5 stars , February 14 , 2006Reviewer
 Why did n't they just bust open an outer wall and go to the hospital ? And like I 'd even trust the whiny psycho who trapped me there to be truthful about there even being an antidote in the first place . A licensed doctor , I trust . A pissy , self-righteous fruitcake with a leaky brainpan , I do not trust . Maybe the poison was a two-parter with the syringe being the second part . That 's an overdone premise as well and would fit right into the Saw movies.And yes , the aforementioned plotholes , especially about him even being able , physically or finacially , to set the whole thing up , makes the movie even less credible .
 If you are going to use a poor , terminally ill cancer patient as your main villan you are going to run into some serious problems with your plot .1 -RRB- How does a man going through an incredibly expensive terminal disease , cancer , who has no money in the first place -LRB- check out the car he 's driving when he attempts suicide -RRB- find the money to purchase multiple warehouses , tens of thousands of dollars in electronic equipment , pay for contractors to redesign and reconstruct said buildings , pay for electricians to wire everything , pay for all the equipment that goes into making the traps , etc ? 2 -RRB- How does someone who 's so terminally ill in the first movie that he looks like he 's at death 's door find the strength/energy to run around putting these plans into action ? Nevermind the time and energy he somehow found to design these elaborate traps and to become a master welder and electrician .3 -RRB- How does he go about getting contacts to purchase a poisonous gas ? You ca n't exactly go down to Wal Mart and look in the Poisonous Gas aisle . At least not where I live.I do n't expect too much realism when I watch horror movies . However , if you 're going to use a poor , terminally ill cancer patient as the main villan , you 'd better do a bang up job of connecting all the dots . If not - you get one star .
 From a `` real '' horror movie fan 's perspective like myself , I can honestly say that `` Saw II '' is OVERRATED in the extreme and boring . What was so scary about this movie ? Nothing !! The acting sucked something awful , and this really hurt the movie 's effectiveness ... I came away feeling cheated . I mean , let 's face it , the original `` Saw '' was n't that good to begin with !! The original `` Saw '' was a `` Seven '' clone , but `` Saw II '' is much worse ... `` Saw II '' is simply boring . In this movie , yhou have a bunch of people in a room screaming and raising hell trying to get out of a booby trapped house by Jigsaw , the cancer-ridden wuss of a killer from the original movie who gets caught by the police but is holding one of the police officer 's son hostage in a not so safe place . More than anything else , the people in this house end up driving each other crazy and killing each other -LRB- at least that big dufus was -RRB- , and their stupidity and lack of charisma is so evident that I was frankly bored stiff with this movie ... the movie has no substance or style . Of course , by the movie 's end , we have a very predictable twist , which I believe makes the movie even lamer than it was when it started . You can listen to these glowing reviews if you want to , but I thought the movie was trash .
 I really liked the first Saw . It was inventive and suspenseful . This one simply stank . I 'm no genius by any stretch , but the ` twists ' and ` clues ' are so obvious . They were obvious from the FIRST movie!The movie leaves behind suspense and relies on red corn syrup and jerky camera movement for the scares . Hey , that 's cool , but that is not what the first one relied on . And the acting ? Well , with such absurd writing , I ca n't blame them , for failing to look scared or even stay awake -LRB- that seventh heaven girl looked as bored as I did , but as least she got to sleep ! -RRB- . And that opening scene ... that guy CA N'T ACT!For what it 's worth , if you find absurd blood and alpha male being all mean scary , then you may find this interesting . At least , they avoided some perverse sex/violence scene.What 's worse , is when you watch the extras you learn the writers buy into this absurd notion of torturing people to make them enjoy life . Sure , we do n't appreciate life , blah , blah , blah . -LRB- It 's as cliched as a Japanese horror movie with a creepy girl in some water -RRB- All I know is if I tortured several dozen people to get them to enjoy life , but killed all of them , then I 'd make the stupid traps just a bit easier !
 Director
 Like everyone else who liked Saw , I was looking forward to the sequel continuing on the legacy of clever traps , tension and gore that made the first in the series so enjoyable . Instead , it looks like the script writer bit off more than he could chew and the overall feel of the movie became contrived and , at times , laughable.The whole movie would have benefitted from a reduction of about half of the cast . It was obvious they were intended to be nothing more than bait , but there were way too many times I would watch a character blithely wander along into a trap when just one second of thought would have been enough to figure out how to avoid it . Clearly , the writer was more concerned about showing off props instead of making sure that the characters were at least slightly believable . Luckily enough the traps were interesting and I could still find something to make me keep going to the end.The plot ending was similarly weak . I had it figured out halfway through the movie when only a few characters did n't seem to be feeling the effects of the gas -LRB- not to mention that a serial killer who was presumably pushing around safes and hauling heavy equipment could barely hold up an empty plastic cup -RRB- . The ending was neither scary nor interesting , just a cheap and very corporate segue to the next movie in the series . If Saw II flowed more naturally , or had at least some attempt at characterization , maybe the whole thing could have been more natural and rewarding.It was n't all bad here . Donnie 's performance as a cop was shallow but honestly given . I was looking for a little more detective work , but I had no other real complaints considering the movie genre . Jigsaw was fine as a cinematic serial killer , and at least his philosophy never really changed.As mentioned before the traps and the sets were cool and salvaged what was left of the tense atmosphere . The first Saw broke up the trap sections by using the Pig 's head character for some old-fashioned suspense . Adding scenes like these to Saw II to vary things a little would have taken some of the burden off of the traps , making them more of a great addition to the movie instead of its only saving grace.Maybe I was watching this with expectations too high ? I do n't think so , the movie just never delivered . Here 's hoping for a better outing in Saw III .
 Ha , ha , ha ... I cann ' t understand why americans ask stupid question such as why Muslims want to kill them . This film is the answer .
 This movie was derivative , rediculous and stupid . I wish I had my $ 7 back .
 This is a piece of disgraceful American jingoism , implying that all Arabs are evil , and that only the US can save the world . And the inference is that it 's a true story - IT 'S NOT ! It 's Stars and Stripes fiction of the most racist kind . And to cap it all , it 's a huge waste of talented actors . It 's the responsibilty of reasonable people to make sure that the young and naive never see this tripe . They could end up believing it 's true .
 If you are looking for an intelligent , entertaining and well-acted movie avoid Rules of Engagement . The movie is about a highly decorated 30 year marine vet -LRB- Sam Jackson -RRB- sent to the middle east to restore order during a protest at an American Embassy . When the protest turns violent , Jackson 's character issues orders to shoot into the crowd . Jackson is then used as a scapegoat and charged with murder by the army in order to maintain good relations in the middle east . Rules of Engagement is just another example of the sorry state of movies these days . The story is extremely weak and sometimes just unbelievable . The actors are at the mercy of a poor script and just walk trough their performances in order to pick up a paycheque -LRB- in particular Tommy Lee Jones -RRB- . The characters have absolutley no depth . Some scenes are supposed to be dramatic but turn out to be just corny . However , movie executives think they can fool the public with a couple of expensive action sequences in order to cover up the film 's many flaws and justify charging money to see this junk . Judging by some of the good reviews on this board I guess the executives have succeeded .
 Perhaps once upon a time there was a script that dealt seriously with the issues of morality and warfare in the ambiguous post-modern warfare of `` low-intensity '' conflict . That 's my hope . The resulting RULES OF ENGAGEMENT , however , takes every good element it has and obscures it behind trite dramatics and sad appeals to the successful devices of past `` legal '' films . It 's pretty obvious that a couple of bufoon film executives were given an all too free ride in the finalization of the screenplay.The two combat scenes are excellent
 Prior to seeing this movie I was expecting an entertaining , quality show based on the cast alone . Unfortunately I was greeting with a tired script , bland characters , and an unrealistic portrayal of the military . Only `` The General 's Daughter '' makes a bigger mockery of the service than this film does . If you want to get a quality , film about the military with good acting , get `` A Few Good Men '' instead .
 Rules of Engagement posits a morally complex scenario
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I too was in the military and it was embarrassing to see such a situation treated in such a shoddy manner . That Colonel should have been found guilty on all three counts and he should have been brought up on war crime charges after his dishonorable behaviour in Vietnam . So because the Germans under Peiper gunned down American GI prisoners of war it makes it okay for an American commander to mow down German prisoners of war ? No , so just because the Vietnamese commander would have shot a prisoner of war does not in any way excuse an American from commiting a war crime either.Now , on to the embassy . The problem I had with this part is that he had OTHER options . He could have fired into the air , he could have and should have suppressed the fire from the snipers on the other buildings . Just because you receive fire does not then entitle you to do whatever you want to do . There are rules in combat and in war and they are there for a reason . It also made total a sham of the military court . They are there to try the evidence and based on the testimony of everyone involved - the judgment would have been for guilty . Even though there were gunmen in the crowd , the Colonel STILL HAD OTHER OPTIONS .
 Is this supposed to be a true story ? The way the `` oh no we 've ran out of film '' ending suddenly comes up , with all the text about `` what happens next '' , you get the impression that it is.But it 's not , is it ? As another reviewer says , the implausible plot makes fools of some good actors trying their best.Would have been better if it had gone the `` A Few Good Men '' direction and placed Jackson as a man doing what he needs to do but not following the rules as they are written down.disappointing , dismal , dismissed .
 Rules of Engagment is quite possibly the most racist film I 've ever seen . Now that stereotyping Hispanics , Orientals , Jews , and African-Americans is considered ` racist ' , filmmakers have decided to bash Arabs and Muslims , the one one ethnicity and religion it is still perfectly fine to smear with stereotypes and bigotry . If you enjoy seeing how racist films , then this is for you . If Paramount had put even ONE Arab in the movie that was n't a bloodthirsty religious fanatic , then I might be a little kinder . ADC was right . This is offensive and racist .
 Although the acting is top notch in this movie , the unbelievable and inaccurate storyline overshadows the performances of Jackson and Jones . A commanding officer in the situation presented would never act as Jackson does here , moreover a marine as hotheaded as Jackson would never rise to such a command , much less the rank of colonel . Moreover , the courtroom scenes are ridiculous as they in no way resemble the procedure of an actual courtmartial . Improper argument during opening statements , questioning an ambassador as to how he would give orders to troops if he were a military commander , constant cussing during testimony etc. . It would never happen . Moreover , it is unbelievable that the National Security Advisor and ambassador would conspire to frame a soldier and destroy evidence in this way . There is too much to risk and little realistically to gain . It makes the movie hard to enjoy . Do n't bother .
 A VERY GOOD OPENING SEQUENCE MAKES YOU THINK YOUR IN FOR A VERY GOOD FILM BUT A VERY BAD STORY LINE SOON PUTS END TO THAT , THE COURT ROOM SCENES DO N'T GO INTO ENOUGH DETAIL A VERY BAD FILM FOR SUCH A GREAT CAST SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I personally felt soiled by this outragous piece of jingoistic propoganda . The plot concerns an American Marine who is put on trial for allegedly shooting at civilians in an Embassy Siege.Our intrepid hero calls on the services of an old Vietnam War buddy to defend him against a conspiracy of politicians and military sell outs who want a conviction to improve Americas reputation.In the end out hero is vindicated and it is shown that the various women and children who were killed , were in fact armed adversaries who deserved death.The films images and plot reminds one of a Nazi propoganda film rather than the normal US adventure style movie . Although made prior to September 11th the images of Arabs is designed to inspire hate and fear . This is truly a revolting film
 They do not allow you to give 0 stars ? Well they should . This has to be one of the worst movies ever made . And I do not like that Samuel L Jackson even did it !!! And the fact that he is a minority himself ; and supposed to be so COOL !!!!!! There is not one redeeming character in the entire movie !! I came across a pile of free , old VHS tapes , and after I watch the movies I donate them . But I was thinking of destroying this one . Although , I still may donate . So another unsuspecting viewer can decide for him or herself .
 A `` heroic '' american saves his country men from oh so `` violent '' `` terrorists '' by massacring them . The american government then tries to scapegoat him because it cares for its image in the arab world -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- . The racist garbage in this film shows the true colors of americans . If they really want to see murderous and barbarian terrorists who want to violently massacre civilians , they only need to look as far as the nearest mirror .
 Americans really managed to make more racist movie than most nazi propaganda works . Glorification of a butchery Vietnamese POW , circus `` trial '' in which American butcher is fined for shooting but not punished for killing . If you support killing `` well armed civilians '' , you probably won ' t be supprised by film in which SS troops are crushing resistance in Warsaw Ghetto with flamethrowers and after that Jewish rabin is supporting their act at Nuremberg trial .
 The moral from this movie ? The dead Arab is a good Arab !!!
 Great movie if you want to see ` wogs ' getting shot by good ` ol downhome rootin tootin all american ` heroes ' . A load of old tosh if you want historical accuracy or a reasoned balanced view of the world outside the US borders . Oh well , keeps the patriots happy I suppose .
 this `` movie '' is a story of a proud marine commander of United State of America who sweeped of the Yemen savages to protect american citizens ... well , what do you expect ? one more thing , what makes you more angry is , this `` movie '' does n't EVEN have a plot !
 Good ol' GIs defend the flag and cut down the towelheads AND the duplicitous government that got them in the mess . It 's basically an apology for the murderous farce that was Somalia and is part of Hollywood 's campaign to rehabilitate the US Army for the great unwashed , while having a crack at the Clinton White House -LRB- whose pictures you see on the embassy wall -RRB- . Awful but worth seeing for its tricks and deceits .
 This movie goes from Dumb , to Dumber , and finishes with Dumbest .
 The carreers of Tommy and Sammy are pretty much over . Stick a fork in 'em . They 're done . Normally I dig movies with strong homoerotic overtones , but this one just does n't cut it . Pass .
 On the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama.Underneath , however , the director seems to have a couple of other themes going . One thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are `` caught between a rock and a hard place '' . Right from the start , where Childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend . He has a similar choice on the wall in Yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue . I think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper . Jones ' character said as much during the trial
 The keystone to your enjoyment of this film is whether you can accept the nature of the villain . RULES OF ENGAGEMENT casts in evil light the actions of a National Security Advisor who says in one breath that he 's not going to have a coverup but then immediately reverses himself and confiscates evidence . In so doing , he willfully condemns a highly decorated Marine to virtually certain imprisonment , and possibly death . Why ? If the Marine -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- takes the fall as a rogue colonel , then the American government itself wo n't be seen as an enemy by the region . Yet the seized evidence is a tape which clearly shows that Jackson was being fired on and that he had every right to return fire . Surely , then , the release of this tape would not only free Jackson , but remove any diplomatic quandaries as well . It 's hard to imagine moderate Middle East countries like Egypt and Jordan , which this fictional NSA is worried about , getting angry with the US for defending itself . And that 's where the movie fails . The premise is just wrong.More than that , details are weird , too . Chain-of-command leaps to mind . The NSA has no place in the diplomatic hierarchy . Why he 's seen as having some sway over the US Ambassador to Yemen is thus kinda strange . Ambassadors obviously report to the Secretary of State . Would n't this Ambassador have thought to check out the NSA 's threats of retribution with his boss before perjuring himself ? And once he did that , would n't the red flags have gone up at State ? I mean , the whole cover-up is portrayed throughout the movie as an NSA-only job . If the Ambassador goes to State to check it out , the Secretary would presumably have immediate problems with the NSA . Beyond that , the Ambassador would 've been debriefed long before he even saw the NSA , and he would 've told the debriefing officer the pro-Sam Jackson story he initially told the NSA . Because the NSA is n't in the State Department chain of command , I would personally think there was no way for this character to have exerted the kind of control over this situation depicted.As a result of these problems , the movie ends up wasting a lot of good stuff , including fine acting and competent direction . Though watchable , there are better military court movies .
 This movie had two top stars and a pretty good plot , but somehow turned out horrible ! It seems like something went wrong in the editing room because this movie is choppy and seems to jump around without and reason or planning . The ending leaves so much to be desired from a movie that promised a lot . Two stars because of good depiction of war , and the fact that I like Samuel Jackson so much . Ive seen a lot of movies recently and this is by far the worst .
 I am so dissappointed ! This film put my favorite actors together and it did n't live up to its potential . The first half was absolutely lousy , and deserved zero stars . The second half was better , but not enough to redeem this one . Rules of Engagement did not satisfy me . It was corny , unrealistic , predictable , and it lacked intensity . What a waste of a good cast . Its R rating reflects war violence , and some language . Leave this one on the shelf . Let the previews satisfy you , because the movie will only let you down .
 I trashed this film when it first came out because I thought it was completely implausible . `` Yemenis are our allies ! '' I pleaded . `` That could never happen ... ! `` Well , I guess I was wrong about that . In just a few years , we 're at war with practically the whole Islamic world.So why does n't `` Rules of Engagement '' hold up today?Well , it is n't a very good movie . I was disappointed because Friedkin is one of my favorite directors of all time . Nothing was really thought out . For example ... Who thought a 50 year old Tommy Lee could pass for a 20 something year old just by putting a hat on him ? Please . They could have hired younger actors to play the younger versions of Lee and Jackson 's characters!If all those people in the crowd had guns , why did n't we see any in the beginning?Why did n't the Marines focus on the snipers in the adjacent towers ? Surely , they were a more viable target than a few shooters in the crowd down below.Why was the State Department guy SO concerned about our ties to the Arabs?And there 's more . Much more . `` Rules of Engagement '' has potential but feels like a B-movie .
 Colonel Childers -LRB- Samuel Jackson -RRB- is ordered to go to US embassy in Yemen together with his marines with a peacekeeping mission where he breaks the rules of engagement and gunnes down around 83 unarmed civilians many of them children and women . The words he used ordering his men to open fire was `` Waste the m. ... rs . `` In the court he says `` Innocent people probably died . Innocent people always die . `` This sentence in my opinion is a superb brainwash that enters your brain and you do not even recognize it . Because he uses the word `` die '' where you may as well use `` kill , slaughter '' etc instead.What happens in the end?Well watch and see . .
 A soldier gives the order to shoot on a crowd of civilians -LRB- including kids -RRB- ... lots of dead.And it seems like the director want us to care about the guyUS army self justification at its worst ?
 Besides the distraction of an action sequence , the movie 's premise was ridiculous!How can a trial , not to mention a decorated serviceman 's life and freedom , depend on whether or not a video tape is recovered or not ? What ever happend to ballistics , satallites , DNA ... - coming soon - Rules of Engagement II-The Video Tapes Revenge !
 It 's hard to believe that great actors like Tommy Lee Jones and Samuel L. Jackson had anything to do with this movie . It was so Hollywoodish and predictable that I had to turn it off half way through it because I already knew the ending . The writer of the film seemed to be trying to mix a little of A Few Good Men with an action movie , and failed miserably . The main story is that Jackson , a commander in the army gives an order to fire on a group of hostile protesters that had weapons . Turns out that after the incident , the guns were removed and Jackson is charged with murder . He in turn calls on his friend , Jones , who is a lawyer , to get him out of the mess . From then on it 's pretty much the investiagation and a small little court room drama torwards the end . The only thing that really saved this film from being one of the worst was the two star actors and their ability to give believeable performances . But from now on Hollywood should think before just trying to cast big stars to sell a movie .
 I am a HUGE fan of Tommy Lee Jones and I only advise you to see this if just seeing him makes you happy . This movie felt like something you would see on TV on those womens channels . It is slow moving with so many unnecessary flashbacks it gets annoying . Looking at the cast you would think it would be great but it simply is n't . It has a week script and the actors even look bored . If you have to see it to get your own opinion go to the library and check it out for free .
 Every time I watch a military court movie , I would be reminded of `` A Few Good Men '' with that classic phrase , `` You ca n't handle the truth '' . Whilst `` A Few Good Man '' was tense , `` Rules of Engagement '' was like a steak with no sizzles . Even though Tommy Lee Jones & Samuel L. Jackson were always great , the story was n't quite tight enough to sustain the whole movie . In fact , the ending of this movie was fairly standard Hollywood . In fact , the supposedly chemistry between old pals as expected of Tommy & Samuel 's characters were not that obvious . If readers are regular viewers of `` The Practice '' , you have n't missed much of this movie as I 'm adamant that circumstances & predicaments of every & each series are grayer than what this movie offered . Ben Kingsley was given such a brief & forgettable part to play , & even Guy Pearce 's talent was wasted here big time despite his effort in American accent . Overall , a rather forgetful movie & a movie that need n't be watched in cinema but video . A movie to be watched on a quiet nite .
 I am a Captain in the Army Judge Advocate General 's Corps . I thought this movie was one of the worst legal dramas ever and even more worse , it took a worthy subject matter and destroyed it . There is no way in HELL that Tommy Lee Jone 's would have won that case . Frankly , the only reason we want him to is because eventually we get to `` see '' the missing tape which appears to justify Samuel Jackson 's actions . No lawyer would ever start an opening statement by asking forgiveness for being late because he 'd been throwing up . And to base your closing arguement on the fact that you and your son would not be alive if the accused had not saved you so he must be found not-guilty is absurd . Rules of Engagement present interesting and comlex issues for todays Judge Advocate and the Commanders he or she serve , but this movie does not come close to exploring this deserving topic . Very disappointing .
 The first 30 minutes or so of this movie were actually quite entertaining . The battle scenes were quite gripping , in fact . However , the movie 's plot is grossly unconvincing . -LSB- mild spoiler alert -RSB- For example , none of the 30 marine 's under Childers ' command could point out that the crowd was firing ? Really ? The ambassador just decides to perjure himself , even though his family and other persons could clearly contradict his statements ? The list goes on and on .
 First of all , I have to say that this movie started out quite well . The Vietnam war sequences were intense and stunning , and it immediately grabbed my attention . The film , however , then starts to get shaky after the Colonel -LRB- Jackson -RRB- , is charged with murder for opening fire on a seemingly unarmed crowd of innocent protesting Yemenese civilians . From this point the film turns into a half-baked courtroom drama , then leaves the viewer with a very premature ending . I think it would have been a better decision on the director 's part to actually show how the head of National Security was brought down , rather than just writing about it in the end.If you 're looking for a great war movie , get `` Saving Private Ryan '' , and if you 're looking for an intense courtroom drama get `` A Few Good Men '' , or `` A Civil Action ''
 I , AGAIN ORDERED THIS PRODUCT TOGETHER WITH ANOTHER DVD AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED EITHER OF THEM . IM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO SAY THE LEAST AS I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM AND OF COURSE I HAVE PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS.I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR TO HAVE THEM RE-POSTED OUT TO ME .
 The movie has some great entertainment value in the scenes it depicts . Obviously it is over dramatized for visual effect . This alone causes it to be a distortion of the truth . As far as all the reviews saying check out the real Doors videos and books by Ray etc. . Please realize Ray as much as Oliver is trying to make a buck ... although he skews things in a more positive light ... his video 's books , etc. are a promotional desire to see you purchase . Do n't buy this nonsense . Listen to the CD 's ... and leave it at that - therein lies what is was all about ... and all it is ... the rest is as fictional as fact ... all of it ... for commercial reasons .
 the movie tended to jump around a lot in time periods which to me is very confusing and takes away from the substance .
 Oliver Stone 's and we all know about him , rendition of a quasi biography of an influential 1960 's rock band . We are treated to behind the scene understanding of what makes Jim Morrison , Jim Morrison.The movie dragged on and on and on with psychedelic filler . Most of the actors were sleepwalking through the script , especially Meg Ryan and Val Kilmer.Doors - Soundstage Performances
 The film is terrible and incorrect from the opening credits to the end or when you press the stop button , which ever comes soonest . There is error after error after error on this film . Oilver Stone ammitted to telling some small lies to expand on bigger truths however he never even started telling the truths . Whatever a director could get wrong he got wrong , Morrison 's character , names , dates , events and sequencing . Many so called events never even took place , the burning wardrobe and the turkey dinner for example - pure fiction . You like The Doors or Jim Morrison or you want to learn more about them stay away from this product and look for something else . This product is nothing more than insulting to The Doors and Jim Morrison and the one star option was the lowest rating I could give , personally the one star is being generous .
 I saw this movie when it first came out -LRB- March 1 , 1991 -RRB- . I was 21 years old , and a huge DOORS fan . I liked it okay back then , but upon seeing it now , it 's boring , and makes it appear that the other members did little or nothing to contribute to the band and its success -LRB- Robby Krieger , the guitar player , WROTE ` LIGHT MY FIRE ' -RRB- . I think Val Kilmer does an Oscar-caliber job as Jim , but the others are only there to react to things Jim says and does . They have no other purpose except to fill in those roles-most anyone could have done that . I do n't think a lot of people realize that Jim Morrison was many things , BUT HE WAS N'T A MUSICIAN . HE DID N'T PLAY AN INSTRUMENT , and he was n't THAT great a singer -LRB- though I will say that he was damn good when he was good -RRB- . THE DOORS were a great band , but that was a long time ago . As far as the studio albums go , the first two were great , the second two were mediocre -LRB- though ` STRANGE DAYS ' has a couple of decent tracks -RRB- , and the last two were hit and miss . I was n't there , so I do n't know about how they were live -LRB- videos and live CDs are NOT THE SAME as being there -RRB- . Another reviewer said that Meg Ryan was a poor choice to play Pam . I agree . Listening to Stone talk about it on disc 2 tells us why . Ryan sounds like she was/is unable to comprehend the type of behavior that Pam/Jim engaged in , i.e. drugs , rebellion , etc. . Stone said the same thing about Darryl Hannah regarding her failed attempt to play Darian in WALL STREET -LRB- a far superior movie to this one by the way -RRB- . I do n't understand why Stone would choose to have someone play a role like this when they obviously were unable to ` find and be ' the character they were supposed to be portraying . Stone should have chosen more wisely . I think Stone 's obsession with Jim is the reason this movie is really all about Jim . Of the many problems in it , the one that probably bothers me the most is that the movie acts like Jim is the center of the universe , as the camera is almost always on him . But Oliver Stone 's Jim Morrison is juvenile , destructive , obnoxious , and often , pointless . He hardly comes off as a genius , poetic or otherwise . He suddenly has star status , but the movie does n't show why-we 're supposed to know why . Yet , why should we care ??? The character is despicable , at least that 's the way he 's written here . I could n't even finish the film-I simply did n't care that he was headed for a youthful demise . When I read ` Riders on the Storm ' and ` No One Here Gets Out Alive ' , I found myself caring about the people involved-not here though . Moreover , the photography was irritating , to say the least . I wanted to know about THE DOORS , instead , I got an MTV-type drug trip with DOORS music behind it . As a big studio movie , I think this fails on all levels except one-Val Kilmer 's performance . As another reviewer noted , this is the best acting he 's ever done . It 's too bad that the movie/script he had to work with was/is over-hyped junk .
 The best performance in the film was Kyle McLachlan 's Ray Manzarek , even though his part was small . Val Kilmer lacks charisma in his portrayal of the late charismatic singer Jim Morrison . How can a man who is perpetually stoned and wrapped up in his own little world be interesting or charismatic ? I found Kilmer 's Morrison unlikeable and unwatchable . The Stone/Kilmer Morrison has no redeeming qualities - casually and carelessly hurting everyone in his path with his selfish , hedonistic lifestyle . I actually fast-forwarded through quite a bit of this film because every scene was just `` more of the same '' .
 I like the Doors music , and Morrison was a very charasmatic figure who wrote some bizzare but interesting lyrics . However , this film -LRB- unlike the comments made by most -RRB- is not a strict biography . What was covered semi-accurately in the movie was the atmosphere of the sixties and the bands beginnings . Okay , they showed the crazy drunk Morrison that perpetuates the myth , but this guy was more interesting . There are also many stupid inaccuracies . One big one that can easily be proven is the live Ed Sullivan TV appearence . Morrison did not look close into the camera and emphasize the words `` much higher '' . I think the guy was on the wrong track big time , but that does n't take away from his intelligence . He was very smart . The idea of this film was to show all of Morrisons wild antics . It was a big mistake to have Val Kilmer sing some Doors songs , but he did do a very good job of capturing Morrisons personality . There were definetely some good scenes that showed the bands tension and the tumultuous relationship he had with Pamela -LRB- Meg Ryan -RRB- . The natural likeability side of Morrison was missing from the film . Oliver Stone -LRB- director -RRB- should have delved deeply into the fallen rock stars last days in Paris -LRB- alot of material there -RRB- which would have been a more facinating watch . Morrisons real death story , the attempted cover up , paranoia by Pam and rushed burial were also missing . Instead we got the glorified figure in the bath tub with slightly religious imagery . That is very movie phony . This guy would have looked a mess . All said and done , the film reached , grabbed on at times and let go ; Hey just like Morrison .
 This movie is the one work that tarnished Morrison 's image the most . In this movie , Morrison 's drug abuse and screwed up behavior are often portrayed as the product of inner genius and a philosophy of life . In reality , drug abuse is only drug abuse , and screwed up behavior is only screwed up behavior . This generic romantic presentation of the Doors is quite frustrating , and very limited in scope . There is just a lot of quasi-intellectual rubbish , and not much substance to the story . There were twenty or more factual mistakes in the film , and they will be revealed when a person has done their research . Val Kilmer also , in my view , has deficiencies in how he portrayed Morrison . His singing voice was not always up to par , and not for one second did he abandon a warped and stoned kind of persona . What Kilmer was best at , was his depiction of Morrison 's moves and behaviors on stage . ` The Doors ' is the most popular exponent of the largely accepted romanticized view of the Doors . The jarring factual mistakes make this the worst of all such works , however . Everyone would be much better off listening to the Doors ' music -LRB- the first six studio albums -RRB- , which stand as an impressive and creative body of work .
 Brando 's BRILLIANT quote from APOCALYPSE NOW -LRB- itself a BRILLIANT example of the use of POPULAR music in movies through its use of The Doors `` THE END '' -RRB- was the FIRST thing that came to mind for the title of this review . As a BORN AGAIN Doors fan -LRB- as in , I was a fan as a kid and recently 're - discovered ' them -RRB- , I felt a moral obligation to warn people against this ATROCITY ! If it were possible , I would DESTROY all available copies to protect the INNOCENT and UNASSUMING!First , the title , `` THE DOORS , '' is MISLEADING . Instead , it should have been called `` MORRISON . '' Stone sees Morrison as THE central figure in The Doors saga , with the OTHERS being merely BACK-UP players . NOTHING could have been FURTHER from the TRUTH . Morrison himself would 've attested to that . As proof , the band shared songwriting credits on most songs , attesting to the true COLLABORATIVE nature of this band.Second , EVERYONE , including Morrison , comes off a a TWO dimensional character in this film . John Densmore -LRB- horribly portrayed by one-note actor Kevin Dillon -RRB- is ALWAYS sulking . Ray Manzarek comes across SO straight-laced -LRB- ? -RRB- as to practically be a MARTINET , and poor Pamela Courson , as played by Meg Ryan , comes across as some STUPID hippy-dippy chick.Third , Kilmer 's perfomance as Morrison is SO overrated . He portrays Morrison as this VACUOUS , SELF-CENTERED ego maniac , as opposed to the flesh and blood artist that he was , full of CONTRADICTIONS and COMPLEXITIES.Fourth , Stone uses Morrison 's ACTUAL song lyrics in place of dialogue , which comes across as BAD as it sounds , while the remaining dialogue is as CHEESY as it gets -LRB- i.e.
 It seems like every great director attempts a comedy at some point in his career . Stone is no exception , and with THE DOORS , he makes an unfortunate foray into feature length hijinks.Don ' t get me wrong ... the film does have some funny moments . The scene where Kilmer follows Pamela Courson home and hangs out in the window is a classic . Pamela sees him and asks why he followed her , and with impeccable comic touch , Kilmer says `` Because you 're the one . '' Quite a sidesplitter!Unfortunately , the jokes get old after a while , and by the end , you 're almost wishing that Stone had taken a more serious approach to the material . Even Morrison 's wacky Indian sidekick ends up looking forlorn.My advice , if you want to see a great musical comedy , check out SPINAL TAP . As for Stone , he should leave the one-liners to Woody Allen and stick with heady dramas .
 Yet another re-issue and shaft job by the movie industry making DVD 's , and releasing them with a few more extras one to six or seven years later . Give these crap re-issues one star , not based off the movie , but the shaft job done to loyal DVD customers . If you must buy this release , ALWAYS BUY USED . That way the vultures who play unfair wo n't make a profit off you . Then sell your old release , which will hopefully deter more people from buying the newer version , with a cheap old version on the market , and will hit these scumbags where it hurts the most ... bottom profit line . Voice your anger , ALWAYS BUY USED IF YOU MUST BUY AT ALL , and tell them you 're sick of this re-issue anniversary edition crap .
 I saw THE DOORS after I had read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK and I could see why he hated it.The movie THE DOORS focused in my opinion way too much on JIM MORRISON 'S self-destructive tendancies not on how the group made thier fantastic music . Do n't get me wrong VAL KILMER while he 's potraying morrison does the best he can with the inept script his performance besides the music is the only thing that saves this film from being a total disaster and do n't get me started on MEG RYAN I thought she definatley was a lame PAM COURISON to say the least . I felt that OLIVER STONE did ` nt really research THE DOORS either and it shows so all in all read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK for the real story not this movie .
 Wow , I really have no idea how people can give this movie good reviews.The camera work is interesting , and it definitely captured the times and gave me a good sense of who Jim Morrison was -LRB- well , at least as Oliver Stone saw him -RRB- , but it 's not really much of a movie.Jim Morrison was born , he became famous , and then he died . All of the rest of the stuff just happens for no reason , like in real life . I have no problem with a movie being like that , but what pissed me off was Stone 's usual pretentiousness in trying to make this movie `` meaningful '' . This movie is just about some guy 's life ; there 's really no meaning to it . Instead of admitting that , he sticks in indians and other weird shots as if that will make the movie deeper somehow . It does n't , it just looks stupid , and it tells the viewer nothing of The Doors or Jim Morrison.The movie was also kind of boring . Scenes went on for way too long , and everything blended together into an incohesive mush so that whatever happened seemed unremarkable and pointless -LRB- which it was , most of the time -RRB- . I have no problem with pointless stuff , when it really adds to the characters -LRB- as in a Woody Allen movie -RRB- , but here it just seemed to continue to hammer into the viewer 's head the same portrait of Jim Morrison that was crystal clear around twenty minutes into the movie . The character did n't unfold at all ; it just gutted itself near the beginning and then pointed to different squishy bits for the rest of the movie.So thanks a lot , Oliver Stone , for ruining what could have been an interesting movie.The only reason I give it two stars is for the part with Andy Warhol , when he mentions that he could call God on his telephone , but he has nothing to say to him , so he gives the telephone to Jim Morrison and says `` Now you can talk to God . `` How could you not love that part ?
 The Doors is not the best movie . While the begining of the movie seems to promise something good , and the end of the movie has you walk away with some emotions . After this first hour of this nearly two and half hour movie , it becomes boring.There is hardly any focus on the music . Besides the concerts , events of the movie seem pointless . Their only point seems to show how crazy the singer was . Jim Morrison , the singer and main charater , was just a crazy idiot , and thats not what he was in real life . The last thirty minutes will respark interest , but does not save the movie at all.I would recommend someone to rent this movie , not buy it .
 The video resolution is very poor , I in fact have to watch the DVD in `` zoomed '' mode in order for it to make it fit the screen .
 Oliver Stone yet again tramples and distorts the truth - this time the victim is Jim Morrison and not the U.S. government . Every scene is either blown way out of context or it never actually happened
 I 've always felt that Jim Morrison 's death at a young age spared him the humiliation of being unmasked as a mediocre artist and a low-rent character . This movie did nothing to change my view . Kudos to Val Kilmer for a great performance , but Morrison is n't worth all the attention and adulation he has received . His early demise immortalized him and spared him a career flame-out . As comedian Dennis Leary said , `` We do n't need a three hour movie about Jim Morrison . I 'll tell you his story
 The Doors - directed by Oliver Stone - is a sad story about the 60 's rock group and legend Jim Morrison , lead singer , poet and songwriter . The movie covers the period from 1965-1971 . Val Kilmer stars as Jim Morrison , a very intelligent man who is his own worst enemy . He can not handle the pressures of success . We see a slow train wreck as he turns to excesses in drugs , drink , women and exhibitionism.In the beginning -LRB- 1965 -RRB- he is going to college , but also a Southern California beach boy , writing poetry , finding his first true love . It could be the start of Beach Blanket Bingo for that matter . A friend helps Jim form the Doors rock group -LRB- named after the book by Aldus Huxley `` The Doors of Perception '' -RRB- and from there on it is a marathion of drugs , drink , egotism , confusion and despair . Depending on how much you enjoy the 1960 's counterculture will be how you view this movie . It hypnotizes in the treadmill of drug trips , crazy outfits , California , trendy clubs , Andy Warhol parties , and outrageous behavior.As fabulous as Val Kilmer plays Jim Morrison , the drugged , halucinagenic excess becomes boring fast . The opporutnity lost is that Morrison had talent with words , high intelligence , but spent it on the dark side . Seeing this movie I am wondering if he could have been pulled from the abyss with better handlers and some on-going therapy . Morrison died in Paris at the young age of 27 and is buried in a near-by cemetery for famous artists . Overall , the movie seemed like a long tabloid expose and I felt like this was an intrusion on the Morrison 's privacy.It also starred Meg Ryan -LRB- as Morrison 's girlfriend -RRB- , and the Doors group played by Frank Whaley , Kyle MacLachlan
 I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies -LRB- other than Natural Born Killers -RRB- , for some reason I feel very disconnected to them . And he does it again with the Doors . On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS . The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all , and I have to think that 's simply not true in real life . A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I 've heard I can say I was mildly let down , which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory , so what more can an actor do ? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out , and that does n't say a lot .
 I think if a really pretentious 15-year-old was asked to write a historical movie script , this is what he would come up with . Incredibly dull and full of itself .
 My review basically sums up to the review of `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' . I also agree with `` fsuseminoles@hotmail.com fromm Texas , February 27 , 1999 '' -LRB- who claims he/she is `` Ray Manzarek '' -RRB- The movie was horribly innacurate . I read more than enough of `` Light My Fire '' -LRB- written by Ray Manzarek -RRB- to know what the above reviewer is talking about , and I do n't blame Ray for slamming Stone and his movie so much . I perfectly understand him . How would you like it if some Hollywood director made a movie slandering your best friend ? Portraying him as nothing but a obnoxious , self-indulgent -LRB- I know he did succumb a lot , but he did a lot more than that -RRB- a ****** who just happened to be a poet and a musician ? I believe `` Light My Fire '' more than the movie because Ray mentions the famous , or should I say `` infamous '' , incident on `` The Ed Sullivan Show '' was depicted very incorrectly . I saw the actual performance along with an interview with Ray Manzarek himself , and Ray was right ! That right there gives the book more credibility than the movie `` The Doors '' -LRB- the movie I saw the performance on was `` The Very Best of the Ed Sullivan Show-The Greatest Entertainers '' , also , according to Ray , you can see at least just the performance on The Doors video `` Dance On Fire '' -RRB- . I unfortunately do n't know the opinion of John Densmore on this movie -LRB- I 'll have to read his book , `` Riders on the Storm '' -RRB- . After all , his book , as well as himself , were major consultants for the movie . He even acted in it as `` Last Session Sound Engineer '' ! If he told Stone all the falsehoods were true , I 'll be seriously pissed and disappointed that he could do such a thing.As for the movie 's other qualities I , as `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' said , thought Val Kilmer did as best a job he could with such an `` inept '' , as well as very innacurate , script . I also found Val 's stage antics and dancing entertaining , especially in the end of the Whiskey-a-Go-Go scene where The Doors played `` The End '' , Jim said the forbidden verse , and they were kicked out of the club as a result . I did n't find the movie very entertaining though , mostly because of how Jim Morrison was portrayed -LRB- you get tired of watching some a ****** run around drinking , cheating , saying weird * @ & % like '' -LSB- the fans -RSB- want something sacred '' ; Actually , a lot of the characters said stupid things like that , come to think of it -RRB- and some other things that were just bad . They were general things , like the script of basically everyone . Some of the parts of the movie I did n't get , and I blame myself and not the movie if a lot of other people got it on their own . The part where Jim goes into the cave during Pam , Dorothy , and the band 's trip was very odd and confusing . All he did was go into the cave , scare a mountain lion or whatever feline that was , and see the Native American who makes repeated appereances throughout the movie -LRB- I 'm not sure , but I think he 's one of the `` Indians scattered on dawn 's highway bleeding '' , the same one lying down with a trickle of blood on his mouth -RRB- . Another part I do n't get is the one where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , which I might add , is one of my favorite Doors ' songs and one of my favorite songs overall , and he does that eagle dance or whatever with all those Native Americans dancing with him . Not to mention that he does it for so long without singing ! His rests -LRB- I mean the musical type of `` rest '' -RRB- were n't THAT long ! There were some other parts I did n't get or I thought were pointless in the movie , but I wo n't go into that further . As for the music , I thought the soundtrack was good . The songs were very wisely pieced together . However , in the vast majority of the concert scenes , the music was butchered . For example , in the concert where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , all you can really hear is , of course , Jim 's singing , the drums , bass , and every now and then a touch of guitar and/or keyboards . Same with the infamous Miami concert with `` Five To One '' . Also -LRB- I 'm still talking about concert scenes -RRB- , they did n't do a very good job showing the fast transition of songs . The only example I can think of is the infamous New Haven concert . Jim sings part of `` Backdoor Man '' , suddenly screams into the microphone , then we 're suddenly towards the end of `` When The Music 's Over '' , which gets cut short . After that , John plays the beat heard in the quiet , middle part of the song , over the bass , and Jim tells the audience what the cop did to him and Patricia.Doors fans , or even just anybody who watches or hears about this movie , do n't take this movie as being true . The fact is , it 's not . Jim Morrison was n't like that ALWAYS , or even most of the time . He was more sober than stoned . It 's just that he had fights , sometimes lasting very long , with alcohol and/or drugs . However , that does n't mean you ca n't watch the movie for it 's entertaining value . Just do n't buy Stone 's point-of-view of The Doors . If you want to know the truth about the great Doors , watch the videos they themselves made , and/or the books people who knew them well wrote .
 This movie was ok in the beginning . It was somewhat interesting watching him get messed up and stuff but after two hours of the same thing it was just too much . I doubt much of this movie is true . So if you want to see a movie glorifying jim morrisons ' drug abuse and `` super deep '' lyrics this is right up your alley .
 If you love the real Doors , stay clear of this miasma.The Doors , I always thought were the greatest rock band of all time , but this vapid flick , created by a brain-dead Hollywood dodo makes the late , great Jim Morrison and the rest of The Doors look foolish , idiotic and talenless goofballs.This travesty of a flick basically left me fairly angry . I may just have to re-read -LRB- for the third time -RRB- No One Here Gets Out Alive , and will surely play some Doors music to get rid of the aftertaste left in this viewer 's mouth by the rancid Oliver Stone attempt .
 Oliver Stone should really give up making movies about history . I never wanted to see this movie , but when you end up in a video store where you 've seen nearly everything ... that 's about the only way you 'd pick this one up.I think Val Kilmer did an alright job , but everyone else seemed to be portraying some cartoon of who they thought the people were.I am a Doors fan from childhood -LRB- had a lot of older brothers -RRB- , so I wish the movie had n't been made because people that do n't care about Jim Morrison 's memory will just believe that 's how it really happened . For those of us who care , we only need to hear the music.Watch the movie , but realize their life was n't about drugs and getting out of control . That was a consequence of Fame .
 Val Kilmer has the moves down , and does a good impression singing like Morrison ... BUT ... he does not have Jim Morrison 's looks or charisma . John Travolta was slated to play Morrison , and HE has looks and charisma and acting talent ... BUT the Doors said , `` Travolta is a nice guy . Jim Morrison was not a nice guy . '' So they vetoed Travolta . -LRB- Did n't they see Travolta play a jerk in SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER , for which he received an Oscar nomination ? -RRB- I ca n't stand that Travolta is a Scientologist , but he would have been better than Kilmer . The other problem with this movie is that Oliver Stone is a lousy writer ... and the script stinks . Norman Mailer said in `` Vanity Fair ''
 The Doors suffers the same problems that Stone 's other films about real people and events -LRB- JFK and Nixon -RRB- do ; Stone uses the docu-drama format as a license to condense times and events , while simultaneously inventing composite characters and situations that never existed . All too often , these films , while containing exciting filmic and visual elements , ring a bit hollow.The upside of The Doors is the performance of Val Kilmer , who threw himself into the role with ferocity and conviction ; that he comes up short in the end is n't due to his acting abilities as much as the choice of episodes and Morrison 's characteristics -LRB- both real and invented -RRB- that Stone chose to film . Simply put , Stone 's Morrison comes across as little more than a sporatically gifted poet who sublimates his poetic callings to all the cliched rock star trappings . Perhaps this does describe some of Morrison 's personality to a degree , but after seeing Morrison get stoned , drunk and act like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum for 2 hours plus , one wonders if Oliver thought of Morrison as basically an obnoxious drunk -LRB- possessed by the soul of a bald , silly-looking , half-naked dead indian that continually wanders around the movie -RRB- and , if so , what it was that turned Stone onto making the film in the first place ... The downside , in addition to the lack of scope regarding Morrison , comes in the numerous episodes that never happened -LRB- The Doors tripping on acid in the desert , Patricia Kennealy being present at the New Haven show Morrison got arrested at , Particia Kennealy and Pam Courson having a catfight , Buick actually making a commercial using the song Light My Fire and Jim finding out about it by watching tv , Jim setting fire to his and Pam 's house while Pam was smacked up in the closet ... and on and on -RRB- . Also , the years of 1967 to early 1969 take up about an hour and a half of the movie , while the remainder of 1969 through to mid 1971 take about twenty minutes.It 's a shame that Stone went to such trouble to set up and film some great concert sequences , and Kilmer really made a terrific attempt at playing Morrison , but in the end both were content to rest the character on both the various myths about the singer and the confirmed instances of Morrison at his drunken worst . A well-shot film that , in the end , has little to do with reality .
 Hey , I know I 'm in the minority in my opinion here on Amazon , yet I will state unequivocally my view that the portrayal of Jim Morrison , his common-law wife Pamela Courson , the group , and even the supporting cast of regulars in The Doors Universe come off like characters in search of a serious screenwriter.Come on already , Oliver . Who could sympathize with Jim and Company when they spew out lines of dialogue clipped , of all places , from Morrison 's song lyrics ? Did you actually think an audience would accept Jim uttering such discordant lines in an everyday conversation ? Could you not separate the man from the performer ? Because of that awful bit of writing , Jim comes off like a buffoon , not an erudite talent who , despite a lifetime of loneliness , alienation , and addictive tendencies -LRB- which would ultimately snuff out his life -RRB- , still managed to push aside material comfort for a pursuit of the truth as he saw it.Also , how come Jim revels in such horrible psychobabble ? Had you not gleamed the interviews -LRB- available through Bright Midnight and other retailers -RRB- you 'd hear an incredibly bright , articulate young man who lamented the day he elected to be part of a rock and roll band . You 'd also have the makings of excellent drama , as a man who can not escape his fame and a man who longed to create films and poetry in his own right.How could one ever sympathize with a drunken lout -LRB- YOUR Jim -RRB- who acts like an ass -LRB- seems more like Val Kilmer playing himself rather than Jim -RRB- , shows no compassion whatsoever , and just appears to become famous in one quick turn of events . The only clue we have to the success stems from the Sullivan show , the airport raid , and assorted concerts , but we never get a sense of Jim being nationally lambasted . Some archival footage might have helped there . But of course then the more sedate , intelligent Morrison -- whom you portrayed as bumping into cops whereas Jim preferred to sway at a mike stand -LRB- see the archival footage -RRB- -- does n't figure in a Hollywood biopic.What a shame . What a rotten , dirty , salacious mess . Maybe your own demons got the better of your good sense , Oliver . God knows , if your Morrison had been the true Morrison , I 'd never had been a fan of his in the first place . Thanks for turning Jim into David Lee Roth , the members of KISS , Robert Plant , and all those other Circus Magazine posterboys for rock and roll excess . Too bad . An integrity , a nonmaterial nature , and a sincere attraction to make art distinguishes Jim from all those other Sex , Drug , and Rock and Roller hellions .
 I wonder if something is wrong with my DVD player ... it seems this film was n't encoded as anamorphic -LRB- to fill my widescreen TV like all other films -RRB- but they burned the letterbox onto a 4:3 encode . So I see the picture surrounded by black.Also the soundtrack sounds flat ... I read somewhere that you have to enable a 5.1 track but I have n't found that option.I picked this up at a flea sale eager to relive my first experience with this film in a proper theatre many years ago ... so far no love ! I wonder if I got a non-special edition disc in a special edition box .
 I have watched other Oliver Stone movies before and liked them . I do n't know what he or anyone else was thinking when they made this movie . It was a mess . Maybe I need to be drunk or stoned to appreciate it.This movie was very poorly written . I agree with an earlier reviewer that it makes Jim Morrison look like a drunken jerk . It was either way too long or way too slow . Either way , it did not hold my interest . Meg Ryan was a doll in other movies of hers . But in here ? She just could not live up to the material . She was definitely a poor casting choice in this movie.If you like The Doors , I am sure that there are better choices out there than this garbage .
 When I saw this film for the first time , about three months ago , I started wondering was that the Doors that I fell in love with ? It was so different than the Doors that I read about in the books , but I guess it was true , because John , Robby and Ray were all a part of the filmmakers . To me the movie was a shock , is that the way everything happened ? I guess it was.Actors were good , music -LRB- of course -RRB- was good and the directing was good , but ... something was missing .
 For anyone who is interested in seeing this movie , you would be better off reading any of the books out there on the Doors , or listening to their music . Your money would be better spent that way instead on this movie . This movie was inaccurate and poorly made . Oliver Stone , even though he had help from the remaining members of the Doors and other people who knew Jim Morrison , did n't know what the truth was even if it bit him in the behind . Jim himself is probably rolling in his grave because of this movie and how he was portrayed as a stoned , drunk , abusive jerk who could n't keep his pants zipped , even though he was talented and highly intelligent . That part , obviously , was forgotten . I personally hope that Mr. Stone is proud of himself for accomplishing that feat.In conclusion , this movie is an insult to Doors fans , the remaining members of the Doors and those who knew them , but most importantly , to James Douglas Morrison .
 Oliver Stone has built a career on taking real people & real events from certain time periods and presenting a fictional account of said events with a few crumbs of truth sprinkled in to provide the guise of accuracy & integrity . Same here . The sad thing is , another , more talented , more devoted-to-the-truth director could make a better film but what studio will back another movie about The Doors ? Therefore , sadly , this film is what stands , in some respect , as the `` truth '' concerning Morrison to most people who watch it and do n't care to seek out more information . Val Kilmer 's brilliant performance is wasted .
 If one word had to be used to describe Oliver Stone 's rambling , chaotic , yet somehow peculiarly mesmerizing tribute to 1970 's rock n ' roll icon and `` Doors '' frontman Jim Morrison , it would have to be `` disorienting '' . Morrison 's short life , if Stone 's account is to be trusted , was a confused and hedonistic mess , a fact belied by the movie 's lurching and delirious structure , which , in short , makes one 's head spin unpleasantly and induces a sick , queasy feeling in the pit of one 's stomach , a sensation which increases steadily as the film progresses and Morrison 's biography becomes harder and harder to follow . The atmosphere of the 1960s and '70s , though , is vividly evoked , with lilting shots of colorfully costumed hippies , artists , and various eccentric loafers . The implication , however , is that these people , particularly the rebellious Morrison and his ilk , were `` stoned '' out of their gourds the entire time , thereby rendering their career and accomplishments meaningless -LRB- the lines between fiction and reality , for example , become inextricably blurred in one laughably excessive sequence in which Morrison & co. sit in the middle of an imaginary desert getting high on Acid , in the proccess coming up with the remarkable lyrics to `` The End '' . I am an admirer of `` The Doors '' music , and would like to think there was a deeper significance to that song than some random `` trip '' Morrison took one day in mid 1964 , or thereabouts -RRB- . Yet there are nevertheless exciting moments in this flawed feature , such as when Morrison defies the censorship of a couple of `` square '' music producers by refusing to alter the lyrics to one of the band 's songs . The acting is generally without fault
 ... and much more Oliver Stone 's vision of what the Doors ' music and Jim 's life was , truth be damned . Supposedly , Stone was inspired by the book No One Here Gets Out Alive -LRB- written by Jerry Hopkins in 1973-74 , but not published until 1980 when Danny Sugerman , Jim 's one-time teenage factotum , did some judicious rewriting -RRB- , but very little of the book , even , is present in this film . I had to see it three times just to believe what I was seeing -- in short , an absolute hatchet job on Jim Morrison , and nothing like the real Jim at all.I honestly have no idea where the scene with Jim locking Pam in a burning closet came from ; nowhere in the Doors ' history does this incident appear . Jim did not meet Patricia Kennealy in 1967 -LRB- Kennealy herself has verified this in her book , Strange Days
 I know Oliver Stone has won 2 Oscars for his screenwriting ... but that does n't alter my opinion that he is one of the worst screenwriters going . This movie confirms that fact as much as anything . Norman Mailer in VANITY FAIR called this `` one of the all-time bad movies . '' And Val Kilmer carries himself like a handsome guy , but his face actually is n't that handsome . Jim Morrison was a really handsome guy . They needed someone with Morrison 's looks and charisma to play the lead . Kilmer does have the mannerisms and voice down , but it 's not enough . I did n't give it one star , only because the music is so great to listen to .
 This is so stereotypical !!! This Oliver Stone guy ... I thought he was awesome you know . But now that I know the truth ... The guys a quack . This movie is not accurate . It makes it into this Romeo and Juliet setting , but in this movie Romeo plays the part of Jekyll and Hyde . If you know anything then you know all of those people who helped out in the film ... they all backed out as they viewed the film because of the inaccuracies . Everyone did ... well everyone that mattered . Patricia Keanley stated that she backed out the further the progression of the movie occurred . The only value this movie has is Val Kilmer Nailed the Part . He should have been in a real movie of the doors and Crispin Glover , he played his part ... but not to real life , to the part that Stone wrote for them . I am surprised they put interviews and such ... if I were Patricia and Robby , I would sue for slander and such . Here is one example . I have read many books on The Doors . And no where ... NO WHERE ... did I read . `` Jim locks Pam in a closet , uses lighter fluid then sets door on fire !!! '' Then she would have been burned or died in real life from inhalation . I ca n't believe anything the guy every touched . Lloyd Kaufman does n't like him either . I mean really , A woman exposing herself at the Airport in front of reporters . It was n't Woodstock ... in fact The Doors were n't even invited to Woodstock.When You 're Strange
 I watch about 60 movies a year . This one is long , boring and not worth your time to say the least . Very surprising given all the great reviews and Oliver Stone direct it . You could sum this movie up in about 5 min -LRB- not 2 hours it takes to watch ! -RRB- and it could have been told in a more interesting way . Booooo . Terrible movie .
 I will say the only good thing I have to say about this waste of celluloid right up front . I enjoyed Val Kilmer 's performance as Jim Morrison . He did the best job he could with the woeful script he was given . If only we could have had the same performance in a better film.This film is awful on so many levels . Its characterisations are not true to the known descriptions of the people it portrays , most of whom were still living at the time the film was released . The only excuse for that kind of sloppiness is that Oliver Stone wanted to portray Jim Morrison , his friends , his band , his lovers , and the era in which he lived in Stone 's own way , regardless of the facts.Yes , I was not there , I did not know Jim Morison at the time , nay , I was not even born . But I have read his printed works , seen his films , and listened to his music . As a musician , author , poet and songwriter , myself , I know that one can tell much about an artist from his work . Whether or not No One Here Gets out Alive , or Break On Through , or Ray Manzarek and John Densmore 's memoirs give a more accurate picture of Jim Morrison 's life and death is not at issue here , nor is my generational status.The Jim Morrison portrayed by this film is not the artist I , or any other fan , or fellow musician or writer know from the man 's body of work . As such , Oliver Stone 's film is an insult to the late Mr. Morrison both as an artist and a man.Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors '' is cheap , tawdry , badly written , poorly made and , with the exception of Mr. Kilmer 's performance , badly acted . Even if you are not a fan of the Doors you should avoid this film at all costs ; if for no other reason than out of simple respect for the dead , who as Mr. Stone well knows , can not be libeled or slandered and no longer have the ability to speak in their own defence.If you are a fan of the Doors and of Jim Morrison I must urge you even more strongly to avoid this film . It will outrage and infuriate you , but , worse , it will sadden you deeply to see the dreadful spectacle of a lesser artist 's attempt to usurp the vision of a greater one by standing on his shoulders.Or , in Oliver Stone 's case , on Jim Morrison 's tombstone .
 This film is a poor take on Jim Morrison 's life.I suggest picking up `` Riders on the Storm '' by John Densmore or `` Light my Fire '' by Ray Manzarek , both books have their personal accounts and are much more interesting.I mean if you 're gon na just make up scenes at least do it for the benifit of the audience and the person you 're portraying . At least show a little of Jim Morrison 's good side and not just jimbo . <
 When I heard that Stone was going to make the movie I was excited , but very disappointed in the movie . It failed to capture the essence of Jim Morrison the man . His life and the fact that he was more beautiful than the actor who portrayed him . As a doors fan from the 60 `` s , Kilmer didnt play Jim as convincingly . He wasnt as beautiful as Jim . Ryan as Pamela was boring . She had more dye in her hair than Pamela ever did . The rest of the doors were not as defined as well as they should have been . Jim had a troubled life , but where in the hell did the bald guy come from , what was up with him .
 Sure , the average viewer is not likely to turn off the tv from boredom while watching Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors . '' Yet , the average viewer is not likely to believe that this is a great - nor even rather good - film , either.What are the film 's good or great points ? On the `` great '' side is the Doors ' music - the classics come alive here very well . Though , the glory in reference to the music goes to Morrison and the Doors , not Stone . The other great point is Val Kilmer 's potrayal of Morrison - he deserved an oscar nomination -LRB- did he get one ? -RRB- . He was great . The supporting cast is decent , too - especially Kathy Quinlen . On occasion , the film can be entertaining . The crew 's early gigs are especially fun to see.Yet , on the lousy side , on occassion , Stone probes so deep into Morrisson 's alleged ugly life that the film becomes ugly itself - so ugly that its stature goes down . At times , it 's almost unbearable ! Also , the film is highly depressing . The film also suffers from a lack of a total agenda . At one moment we see the band 's sexual excesses . At another moment we see the band 's drug excesses . At another we see Morrisson 's strange religious side . At another we see Morrisson 's strange alcoholic binge , or his stomach overkill , etc. etc. . Also disapointing is Meg Ryan . She does very little for the movie . Her character is walked upon and she did not stand up for herself!Why did Stone even make this film ? Why uplift such a rather ugly and raunchy character such as this ? What does this give to us as a society except knowing that such a scum bag -LRB- with all due respect ... -RRB- existed ? Sure , he was a genius in many ways - yet - he is not a good movie character . Nobody cares!All in all , `` The Doors '' is nto your typical Oliver Stone movie - it 's not really good . I 'd recommend it to Doors fans , and to those who enjoy Stone 's usual crazy movie antics . But to others , I 'd recommnend that they simply buy the soundtrack and enjoy the classics .
 When I first time heard about this movie , I wanted to see it . 30.12.98 my wish came true , and I saw it . And I have to say I was really disappointed . I do n't think Jim was anything like that -LRB- but Val did look like him -RRB- , too much naked women , `` John '' did n't look like John , `` Robby '' did n't look like Robby , `` Patricia '' did n't look like Patricia , everything happened too fast , and Jim DID N'T drink his blood -LRB- read NO ONE HERE GETS OUT ALIVE -RRB- . ` This one lonely star is from the music .
 The movie is amazing . . Val Kilmer deserved an Oscar for his roles . . Maybe the best acting role in the 1990s . Ok . . The DVD 2 disk special edition . . You 'd expect the movie to be a proper transfer . . Heck , the put released it with 2 DVDs . . NOPE . . It is in widescreen letterbox 2.35:1 . . BUT it is so small that it 's a little bot in the center of the screen -LRB- bars on the top , bottom , right , and left ... big ones -RRB- . . You need to use the zoom function ... or the cinema function on your TV to make it full screen letter box 2.35:1 In doing this . . it greatly reduces the video quality ... WOW . . I was shocked.I 've only encountered this ONE OTHER TIME on a straight to video junk movie from Netflix a year or more ago . . I 've never seen this codec used . . it is like it was made for use in a video ipod.I have `` Gladiator '' Extended edition with both Theatrical and Extended on one DVD . . Same with `` Apocalypse Now Redux '' so it is n't a size limitation as both those films fit on a dual layer DVD . . I do not understand why they would do this . . Maybe Hollywood does truly hate Oliver Stone
 Oliver Stone , a great director in general , really slacks off in this one ! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but , Meg Ryan as Pam ... only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded . Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story along . All in all a very good story but , not nearly an accurate depiction of Jims ' rise and fall
 Oliver Stone 's portrayal of the Doors and Jim Morrison is extreme and in many cases untrue and exaggerated . He takes the events of the Doors and binds them into cliche rock band problems that never happened . The UCLA film by Jim Morrison was never that extreme , and there were a lot more inaccuracies in the movie . If you want a true account of the Doors , read Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek .
 I can only say that this film is , as Manzarek calls it , `` atrocious . `` Silly , Hollywood fluff that has Jim Morrison probably rolling over in his grave to this day.There are so many inaccuracies about his character and events in this film , that it 's hard to take it seriously . The worst is watching Kilmer strut around 24/7 in some exaggerated , drugged out looking stupor throughout the film . The worst is the way he speaks , as if Morrison were a stoned surfer -LRB- `` like , dude '' -RRB- . Just an awful , awful film and typical of Stone 's directorial decline.Avoid at all costs . Watch the Doors ' music DVD 's or read the books if you want to learn about or listen to or watch the Doors .
 I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition -LRB- THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER -RRB- a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $ 6 & just got around to watching it . It 's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens , & it seems to me that the tops of people 's heads are frequently cut off ; I 'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films . I no longer have the original version to compare it with , but I strongly suspect this was messed up .
 All I have to say on that movie is that it was really bad !!! All they wanted to do , was to make Jim and Patricia look bad and make Pam look good . They took every bad thing jim made and made a movie out of it . And by the way Val was horrible !! He did not fit . Jason Patric would have made a better job at it , and Jason looks more like Jim then anybody else !!! thats all I had to say .
 The movie is interesting and I think Val Kilmer did a good job . I rate this so low because Artisan just put big black bars on top and bottom and then calls it widescreen . This is FAKE widescreen and is a bad , bad , bad thing .
 I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle . Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and could n't . He liked to see films immediately upon their release . I liked to do things that irked him , so I made sure to see the film before he did . This was a surprising film , really . When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison , I , like many , was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off . The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which , Kilmer 's roles had never really stretched his `` acting muscles '' , so most were convinced that he would fail . However , Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison . His performance was enjoyable . Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure . Still did n't like her , though . Kathleen Quinlan 's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character . The story was not thrilling , as we all know the story , and in fact , many parts of the film were simply laughable . I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends -LRB- other Doors members -RRB- , he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special `` man hug '' -LRB- which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back ... very manly -RRB- but also accompanied with tender sentiments like , `` I 'm gon na miss you '' followed by the tempering insult , `` you a ** hole '' . No niceties for the sake of niceties . We all know Jim 's fate ... you can visit him in the P&egrave;re Lachaise cemetery in Paris .
 Even with star power there is little to like about this film , at least for anyone with any interest in it from the perspective of a historic narrative.The first time I saw it I was impressed at how well Kilmer did at emulating and looking like Morrison . His singing was even okay , in a way . His performances would have been passable even , if it had been a local college putting it on as a weekend theater event , but to suggest that Kilmer did a passable job at singing Morrison 's parts is to admit one has either never listened much to the Doors , has a tin ear , or is already impartial to Kilmer.The film would have been much better with Jim Morrison 's own voice whenever possible , and much as I hate lip-synching , that 's what Kilmer should have done.I 'm sure that it would be very hard to find any professional singers who would be impressed by the singing in this movie.Any doubters may want to try a little experiment - watch some of the movie tracks , then put on the Doors and listen to how much more effective , natural and musical a singer Morrison was . Better yet , find one of the many available videos of Morrison onstage and see how amateurish the impressionism of Kilmer 's performance looks.Now just in case anyone thinks I have a bone to pick with Kilmer ; I do n't . I simply find the emulation of Morrison to be very poor for a movie with the kind of budget that a maker like Stone would have had available.That said , I think Kilmer did a much better job on L.A. Woman than any of the other tracks , and wonder if it is n't at least partially because he was focused on the much more relaxed atmosphere of the track , rather than the weird side of Morrison he was instructed throughout to portray.By all accounts Jim was a strange fellow in many ways , but also anything but one-dimensional , but with Oliver Stone being so one-dimensional himself , it 's impossible for him to tell any story as a passive teller . He finds it impossible to stand on the sidelines and let us know what happened . It 's much more empowering for him to interject his values and agenda onto every story told , which is so much more disappointing because he tells so many important stories - always with his opinion/agenda as more important than history itself.They say that fact is stranger than fiction - I also find fact to be more interesting than fiction.When I read so many positive reviews of the movie itself and Kilmer 's performance , it immediately reminds me of the Emperor and all the crowds exclaiming about his stylish new outfit . Maybe I 'm only a child , because to me , the Emperor has no clothes.Anyone who thinks Morrison was nothing but a sick weirdo might want to listen to the Doors a little further , and some evidence of the romantic in him is very easily unveiled by listening to such tracks as Touch Me , Love Her Madly , I Ca n't See Your Face , Indian Summer and Blue Sunday.The incredibly up-beat and positive atmosphere of Land Ho ! from Morrison Hotel is very often surprising to people not completely familiar with the Doors albums in general.Now go check out some real Doors material !
 dated June 5 , 2000 , that no one has reviewed this movie from an unbiased standpoint -- Dude , I could n't care less about Jim Morrison or his `` doors '' either way , so , rather unfortunately , I 'm merely left with this movie that Oliver Stone dumped , like a pile of rubbish , on an unsuspecting world . * The Doors * features pretentious photography , time-lapse photography , jump-cut photography , murky photography , and downright MTV-inspired photography . Stone even uses a Steadicam at various points , for Pete 's sake . The results are ugly , to be frank.But forget all that ; that 's technical stuff , and may be overlooked as long as the subject matter is worth watching . I 'm afraid that Stone failed to make his case , here . The question before the Court is
 this movie is hogwash . oliver stone blew it with this one.With subject matter as the doors a really good film could have been made . its filled wth inaccurate information ie jim didnt quit film school stone did ! the surviving Doors in documentaries state that stone missed the boat , morrison had addictions he also was talented but by the look of this film you would never be able to tell . Val kilmer does look and sound alittle like jim morrison but he never seems to let us want to care anything about him or his art.the movie is a mixed up mess `` IS EVERYBODY IN '' Gee i hope not !
 be serious
 I have read about a dozen books on The Doors . Needless to say they are one of the GREATEST bands ever to enter the human ear . In fact , I personally , believe they are the GREATEST band ever -LRB- Yes , even better than the Beatles -RRB- , so I 'd have to say the movie was not what it should have been . The Doors were art . The movie was not . The movie prefered to concentrate on the -LRB- semi-fiction -RRB- `` antics '' of a mentally unbalanced Jim Morrison , instead of the poetic side . Also the movie did not live up to it 's own title ! It 's called `` The Doors , '' not `` The life and times of Jim Morrison ! '' It should have concentrated on the band more -LRB- not to say Jim was not a very interesting person ... HE WAS !!! -RRB- Anyhow , other than a few lies -LRB- ok , more than a few -RRB- it 's overall an entertaining movie . Watch it for Val Kilmer as Jim -LRB- EXCELLENT performance !! -RRB- , watch it for the WONDERFUL concert scenes , and watch it for the great soundtrack , but do n't count on a truthful account of the greatest band EVER !
 This could have been a great documentary , informing parents of ways to make their baby feel settled after birth , but instead it was morbidly depressing , and it sensationalized problems with hospital births . Throughout the DVD there was spooky , chilling music ; and camera angles and lighting that added a scary effect . There were a few scenes that I enjoyed , such as lovely homebirths - one in particular where the older toddler sister is delighted over the birth of her little sister . But other than that , there were no redeeming qualities to this DVD . The premise was that traumatic birth experiences lead to teenage gang behavior , school shootings etc. . This is just ridiculous ! There are an infinite number of positive bonding experiences that can occur after a traumatic birth - human beings are far more resilient than this DVD admits . If your baby has to go to the NICU , this DVD will make you feel like they are ruined for life . In reality , I have seen nurses in the NICU and they treat babies with the utmost love and care . The horrific medical scenes of staff treating babies roughly and unkindly are so depressing in this DVD . It was the WORST thing to watch when you are pregnant .
 No stars , actually if I could I 'd give 4 negative stars . This DVD is dangerous . I never write reviews , I am too busy , but this one is soo bad I feel I need to warn the `` soon to be and new parents '' -LRB- I had a baby just two months ago , so I know the feeling -RRB-
 Usually the reviews that I read here are helpful and true but this is the first time I felt the reviews were completely wrong . Christina 's dance troupes are good and musicians have performed well too but Christina 's singing is n't good . She has sung out of tune at a few places . I do n't think she 's at par with Celine Dion or Mariah Carey as I thought earlier . If you have seen the videos of Celine 's or Mariah 's live performances , you 'll know what I 'm talking about .
 This girl is half-Spanish twice removed and yet she seems intent on `` finding her roots '' simply to cash in and make more money at every opportunity ! It 's really sad that people embrace this fake poser , who ca n't even read or speak Spanish , but continually calls herself `` Latina . '' Ugh , it 's truly sickening and emberrasing !!
 Although the actors ' portrayals in this film were well done , the film itself failed to strike a chord in me entirely . I believe that the actual topic of the film was tip-toed around as it took too long to get to the actual story . There was too much socializing and partying going on which abaded the true topic . The ending was extremely poor as it simply states the official outcome of the film 's premise rather than take you through the meat of the process which is what would 've been the real point to the film . If you really want to see this film I would not recommend purchasing it but rather renting it , if possible . Good day ! : -RRB-
 This movie made the story look as if the girl just had mental illness and there was no real spiritual cause of what happened to her . The facts are perverted on purpose to make you believe that she was just crazy and there was nothing mystical . It did n't show her real story .
 This movie was obviously striving for some chic art house feel , but it ended up ignoring plot ties . You sense the director was aiming to have the paths of these characters traverse and have some deeper meaning . however , the movie lacks any real sense of direction . you can admire the acting , but the story can only carry out their abilities so long as it stays interesting ... which it did n't . granted , it was based on a true event , which usually benefits a plotline . ultimately , i was bored with the story , the cinematography was bleak , and the overall theme was muddled . not a complete waste of time , but definitely not the first choice on my `` must rent '' list .
 A rather dreary and disjointed movie , with a good plot , good acting , and an exceptional sound track ; but miserable directing . It ends with an anti-climax .
 If you are going to use a poor , terminally ill cancer patient as your main villan you are going to run into some serious problems with your plot .1 -RRB- How does a man going through an incredibly expensive terminal disease , cancer , who has no money in the first place -LRB- check out the car he 's driving when he attempts suicide -RRB- find the money to purchase multiple warehouses , tens of thousands of dollars in electronic equipment , pay for contractors to redesign and reconstruct said buildings , pay for electricians to wire everything , pay for all the equipment that goes into making the traps , etc ? 2 -RRB- How does someone who 's so terminally ill in the first movie that he looks like he 's at death 's door find the strength/energy to run around putting these plans into action ? Nevermind the time and energy he somehow found to design these elaborate traps and to become a master welder and electrician .3 -RRB- How does he go about getting contacts to purchase a poisonous gas ? You ca n't exactly go down to Wal Mart and look in the Poisonous Gas aisle . At least not where I live.I do n't expect too much realism when I watch horror movies . However , if you 're going to use a poor , terminally ill cancer patient as the main villan , you 'd better do a bang up job of connecting all the dots . If not - you get one star .
 From a `` real '' horror movie fan 's perspective like myself , I can honestly say that `` Saw II '' is OVERRATED in the extreme and boring . What was so scary about this movie ? Nothing !! The acting sucked something awful , and this really hurt the movie 's effectiveness ... I came away feeling cheated . I mean , let 's face it , the original `` Saw '' was n't that good to begin with !! The original `` Saw '' was a `` Seven '' clone , but `` Saw II '' is much worse ... `` Saw II '' is simply boring . In this movie , yhou have a bunch of people in a room screaming and raising hell trying to get out of a booby trapped house by Jigsaw , the cancer-ridden wuss of a killer from the original movie who gets caught by the police but is holding one of the police officer 's son hostage in a not so safe place . More than anything else , the people in this house end up driving each other crazy and killing each other -LRB- at least that big dufus was -RRB- , and their stupidity and lack of charisma is so evident that I was frankly bored stiff with this movie ... the movie has no substance or style . Of course , by the movie 's end , we have a very predictable twist , which I believe makes the movie even lamer than it was when it started . You can listen to these glowing reviews if you want to , but I thought the movie was trash .
 saw 2 - ok-2 .5 stars , February 14 , 2006Reviewer
 Why did n't they just bust open an outer wall and go to the hospital ? And like I 'd even trust the whiny psycho who trapped me there to be truthful about there even being an antidote in the first place . A licensed doctor , I trust . A pissy , self-righteous fruitcake with a leaky brainpan , I do not trust . Maybe the poison was a two-parter with the syringe being the second part . That 's an overdone premise as well and would fit right into the Saw movies.And yes , the aforementioned plotholes , especially about him even being able , physically or finacially , to set the whole thing up , makes the movie even less credible .
 i was very disappointed that the movie did not have a cover and i bought a brand new copy of it
 Saw 2 , was a mistake , i am upset that i wasted my money renting it . saw 1 was the best , you did not know what to expect , and it was actually scary . i was immune to the Saw 2 , i did not flinch once .
 How does anyone say the Saw movies are better than Hostel , these movies do n't deliver anywhere near the amoount of carnage that movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek do . These movies are soft enough for elementary kids to watch . The gore does n't match up to Hostel and the story does n't match up to Seven . This movie does n't deliver on either level its suppose to .
 I did not see the first Saw movie , so maybe if I had seen that this somehow would 've been less predictable ? I do n't know . All I know is that I had all the big twists figured out as soon as the unlucky group of castaways started discussing their situation , and I do n't even pride myself on that , it was obvious . Now I 'll go into exactly why this movie was so bad . If you do n't want to know anything about what happens in the movie , stop reading . *** SPOILERS BELOW *** Bad things about this movie : * Supposedly `` Jigsaw '' is trying to teach a big lesson about getting people to appreciate life . If this is the case , why does everyone die and why is everyone stupid ? Not one of the puzzles in the movie is solved in supposedly the way they are supposed to solve it . Anyone who tries just fails and/or dies anyway . Maybe that was the point of the whole thing , but then it 's like this whole scheme was set up just to capture the police officer . . seems a bit excessive for that . * Adding to the above , the link between all the characters is that the boy 's father framed all of them for crimes they did n't commit . Again , I do n't see why they were all punished for that . * The characters are way too stupid , even for a horror movie . The moment one of the characters shows an ounce of intelligence , she dies from the toxic gas immediately after . Everyone else just continually does unbelievably stupid things . * The editing of the movie is condescending . Aside from drawing out the death scenes to ridiculous measures -LRB- and playing the same scream sound over and over per death -RRB- , when the biggest twist is revealed they felt the need to show us how that links to everything else in the movie . I personally enjoy re-watching movies with big twists at the end just to connect the dots myself , but the way this movie ends with the twist montage takes away any need for that . * Maybe I 'm overthinking this motive thing and the whole thing was just a ruse because he knew the others were listening in , but generally when you have the villain in a horror movie explain his motive , he is telling the truth . Here , it 's like he went into detail about why he was doing everything , but in the end it meant nothing . *** SPOILERS ABOVE *** I do n't understand why anyone thinks this is even a decent movie .
 Man , what a ridiculous piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was n't a huge fan of the first film , but apparently enough so to bring me back for a second helping . I ca n't remember when I spent more time bitching during the course of a movie . There was n't a single believable moment . The directing / editing were atrocious . The dialogue ... come on , who ever says any of these things ? The acting -- egads . The villain was absolutely the only character who was remotely interesting , but they destroyed this by making him deliver the most ponderous speeches imaginable . One silly , illogical platitude after another . I do somewhat sympathize with the man 's motives , however . If there actually were a universe populated by specimens this unappealing and tedious , then extermination would certainly be the appropriate course of action . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 not enough blood , not enough gore , wasnt grisly at all to me . this was a huge let down . the best part was you got to see the scene from the first saw and you could see their rotting bodies and dudes foot sitting there .
 This film is stupider than the first . How on earth can people like this crap ? The writting , the plot , etc. , they all sucked rotten eggs ! Films like this should be thrown in the furnace to burn fast ! Stay away !
 I would rather cut my foot off with a saw , than see this piece of s ** t again , if you want horror sticks with
 Saw is one of my all time favorite horror flicks . The plot is so clever , the acting is right on point , and the dialouge flows nicely . But Saw II is a complete mess . Whereas the first one seemed to focus more on a well written script and thought provoking plot , the sequel focuses more on shock value . I guess it depends on what you find entertaining . If you enjoy lots of blood and gore than you 'll probably love it , but if you like a plot with a little bit of depth than this is n't the movie for you . The only highlight for me was the ending ... which sets up a good opening for part 3 .
 A long time ago there was a movie called Seven that was clever and disturbing beautifully made and had riveting performances.Those days are long gone.Now we get horror movies hurriedly slopped together for a quick buck.The filmmakers think up a few nice twists for the ending and pad out the rest of the movie with a bunch of jerks wandering around a house falling into various deathtraps like idiots.As a fan of the glory days of 70s low budget horror films I have to say there 's nothing all that shocking here despite some really annoying flashy editing gimmicks that dilute the effect of gruesome scenes.The cast is unlikable and the killer mastermind practically catatonic -LRB- imagine Christopher Walken in his place ... that would 've been creepy -RRB- so there 's little to hold your interest between predictable death scenes.Good twist at the end but not as good as the orginal and a good horror film should have more to offer than a climatic surprise to be truly scary .
 Despite the fact that this is the widescreen ratio , beware
 This is another bad sequel to a promising franchise . Whatever was good about the original was left out of this sub par entry . It 's not unwatchable but , it does have some really stupid scenes throughout this rushed `` cash in quick '' mess of a sequel . I have n't seen the third installment yet but , if it 's anything like this one , it 's not worth seeing . I gave it 11/2 stars for having good production . See SAW not SAW II ! ; - p
 Having enjoyed `` Saw '' , I was looking forward to seeing the sequel . More of the same . A plot with twists . Slightly unrealistic characters but , nonetheless , a good edge of the seat thriller.Unfortunately , `` Saw II '' was a bit of a letdown compared with its predecessor . The plot was too far fetched and the traumas often too predictable . It 's one of those cases where the child fails to live up to live up to the parent . The end is obviously left open for a further sequel . However , I can only hope that the producers resist the urge to continue down this path unless in possession of better script .
 I 'll start by saying that this is nowhere near as good as the first . I also feel that fans of the first Saw who liked this sequal obviously did n't get the first movie . The first was an intelligent albeit grisley murder mystery thiller , comparable to Seven , Natural Born Killers , and 8mm ; it was NOT a horror movie . Saw 2 on the other hand is just that
 This movie stunk big time . The first Saw was entertaining . The sequel was lame . The acting was absolutely atrocious . The characters did n't behave and act like people in those situations or under those circumstances would act , at all . It was pretty funny . Especially when Donnie Wahlberg is trying to be a tough guy . He does n't pull it off . He 's no Mickey Rourke .
 The biggest problem with the movie is that it 's a painfully obvious attempt to cash in on a surprise hit.Of course , most of the greatness of Saw was made by its twist ending . In this one , we get another one . It 's a twist I found extremely disapointing and unnecessary . -LRB- But of course ... it was put in to say there will be another one ... -RRB- What made the first movie so great ? It did n't follow a formula . What made this one bad ? It follows a formula.Whereas the first one did so much with so little , this one does so little with so much.I ca n't honestly believe that they thought the movie was going to be better by simply multiplying the number of victims.What we get here is a bunch of pretty WB type faces , reacting overly dramatic , getting unexpectedly killed one by one . How original ... Let 's face it folks ... it 's been done before ... This is n't Saw , this is Final Destination ... How disapointing ...
 `` The jigsaw piece that I cut from my subjects was only ever meant to be a symbol that that subject was missing something . A vital piece of the human puzzle ... , the survival instinct . '' - John tells Eric how he gets jiggy in `` Saw II `` Lackluster sequel to the 2004 original , has nothing new to add & basically feels like a derivitive video game for the X Box 360 , PS 2 crowd.A new detective is thrown on the case of `` The Jigsaw '' murders & as usual , Jigsaw himself figures out who this new cop is & wants to play a deadly game with him.This time a group of felons , the cop had underhandly put away in the past , are kidnapped & locked in an abandoned house filled with jigsaw traps . The group must come together to overcome & survive their stay . Whats worse , is they only have two hours to escape since their is a toxic nerve agent slowly being pumped into the house that , without a cure , will turn them into a bloody soup -LRB- the cure is , supposedly locked in a huge safe . Get the combination to the safe , will get you the cure . -RRB- `` Oh yes , their will be blood . `` Adding insult to injury the detective 's son is among the group , & it 's just a matter of time before the felons find out why he is among them . If the detective plays Jigsaw 's game , his son will live , but , with a very short temper it 's just a matter of time before the detective snaps . `` Saw II '' was immediately green lit after the first successful weekend of the original in October of ' 04 . The film was put into rush mode since it had just under a year for completion & release . `` Saw II '' has no real thrills to it . The characters are cardboard & a lot of what went on the house could have been handled differently , or avoided altogether . The film is way to predictable.Donnie Wahlberg 's character is probably one of the worst detectives in film history . If he kept his cool the film would have been better for it . Shawnee Smith 's character was just lame & the ending was total bulls ** t.The only time `` Saw II '' comes alive is when Tobin Bell is onscreen & thats only , roughly ten to fifteen minutes of screentime . It was a bit interesting to see the origin of Jigsaw . Bell gives a creepy vibe to the character.I was expecting a bit more from `` Saw II '' , but , I should have known better.This game , is most definitely , over .
 I really liked the first Saw . It was inventive and suspenseful . This one simply stank . I 'm no genius by any stretch , but the ` twists ' and ` clues ' are so obvious . They were obvious from the FIRST movie!The movie leaves behind suspense and relies on red corn syrup and jerky camera movement for the scares . Hey , that 's cool , but that is not what the first one relied on . And the acting ? Well , with such absurd writing , I ca n't blame them , for failing to look scared or even stay awake -LRB- that seventh heaven girl looked as bored as I did , but as least she got to sleep ! -RRB- . And that opening scene ... that guy CA N'T ACT!For what it 's worth , if you find absurd blood and alpha male being all mean scary , then you may find this interesting . At least , they avoided some perverse sex/violence scene.What 's worse , is when you watch the extras you learn the writers buy into this absurd notion of torturing people to make them enjoy life . Sure , we do n't appreciate life , blah , blah , blah . -LRB- It 's as cliched as a Japanese horror movie with a creepy girl in some water -RRB- All I know is if I tortured several dozen people to get them to enjoy life , but killed all of them , then I 'd make the stupid traps just a bit easier !
 Director
 Like everyone else who liked Saw , I was looking forward to the sequel continuing on the legacy of clever traps , tension and gore that made the first in the series so enjoyable . Instead , it looks like the script writer bit off more than he could chew and the overall feel of the movie became contrived and , at times , laughable.The whole movie would have benefitted from a reduction of about half of the cast . It was obvious they were intended to be nothing more than bait , but there were way too many times I would watch a character blithely wander along into a trap when just one second of thought would have been enough to figure out how to avoid it . Clearly , the writer was more concerned about showing off props instead of making sure that the characters were at least slightly believable . Luckily enough the traps were interesting and I could still find something to make me keep going to the end.The plot ending was similarly weak . I had it figured out halfway through the movie when only a few characters did n't seem to be feeling the effects of the gas -LRB- not to mention that a serial killer who was presumably pushing around safes and hauling heavy equipment could barely hold up an empty plastic cup -RRB- . The ending was neither scary nor interesting , just a cheap and very corporate segue to the next movie in the series . If Saw II flowed more naturally , or had at least some attempt at characterization , maybe the whole thing could have been more natural and rewarding.It was n't all bad here . Donnie 's performance as a cop was shallow but honestly given . I was looking for a little more detective work , but I had no other real complaints considering the movie genre . Jigsaw was fine as a cinematic serial killer , and at least his philosophy never really changed.As mentioned before the traps and the sets were cool and salvaged what was left of the tense atmosphere . The first Saw broke up the trap sections by using the Pig 's head character for some old-fashioned suspense . Adding scenes like these to Saw II to vary things a little would have taken some of the burden off of the traps , making them more of a great addition to the movie instead of its only saving grace.Maybe I was watching this with expectations too high ? I do n't think so , the movie just never delivered . Here 's hoping for a better outing in Saw III .
 Its about a bunch of people who are locked in a house and die in different ways . No seriously . Thats it . If you enjoy watching people die with a little soap opera plot attempt thrown in ... this is for you . Its violent . Big deal . So is Shindler 's List and we 're not calling that a horror movie , now are we ? The JR High kids should love it .
 Kind of boring , not as unique and creative as the first `` Saw . '' Would n't recommend .
 The original Saw was great in concept , mediocre in execution , so I was n't expecting much here . And `` not much '' is what I got . What we have here is a ponderous , top-heavy slasher film that 's too busy trying to find a forumla in the original Saw and follow it to find any real footing , or an identity of its own . One thing Saw had going for it was somewhat engrossing characters . Saw II contains your average roster of vaguely developed trap fodder who predictably start lashing out at one-another before dying telegraphed deaths.The lead girl Amanda , once a somewhat believable jittery addict , is now of a rather cardboard stoic nature . I assume I was supposed to care about Eric 's son , but he might as well have been a secondary character . The most developed character was the `` Jigsaw killer '' himself , and you can trick anyone into thinking a character has depth if they have a terminal illness.What have we left ... Oh yes , the ending . Saw II has one of the most convoluted , contrived endings I 've ever seen in a Hollywood movie . It 's as forced as a pineapple in a paper shredder , and makes about as much sense as that prospect . Hm , that 's it . Pretty dull . - Thus says the Pellington
 Saw II . ** 1/2Reprising the original this returns to the world of Jigsaw and some fresh victims . As per normal , rather than rehash plotline I 'll focus on my thoughts on this film.The suspense just is n't there . Throughout most of the film I never felt pulled in . Sure in a couple of the bloody scenes I winced a bit . However , the emotional rollercoaster is n't there.Amanda
 The first Saw , while gross and distasteful , is pretty good . This very disappointing sequel , however , takes the disgust and gore to another level . Most movies these days , like Saw II , Hostel , and Wolf Creek , are more interested in making its viewers vomit rather than concentrating on a decent horror plot . The twist is so expected , even if you ca n't figure it out , that it does n't have the same effect as the first movie . While the twist is mildly clever , the completely disgusting effects doom this movie from the beginning and it never fully recovers ; a terrible movie .
 Glad I chose HD-DVD over the lame Blu-Ray , Batman Begins -LRB- which is waay better than Saw II isnt available on Blu-Ray . If you want to see an incredible transfer but a HD player with Batman Begins , and Troy .
 SPOILERS *********** Here we go again . The bad guy wants people to change their ways , so why not open a counseling center ; no , instead through some source of funding and high understanding of electronics , etc. . . he puts together grand schemes in which people get killed . The ending of the movie was a complete joke . Why would one of the abductees work for someone that tried to kill her ? She was thrown into a pit of needles and still she plays along ; I think she would have just given up . Innocent people die around her and she does n't care to help them . Also , the people in the house work against eachother for some odd reason , rather than help eachother out . Where did the bad get the nerve gas and antidote . Nothing like that is explained . I think in the next movie they should have everyone work together and then defeat the bad guy/girl . Finally give us some satisfaction .
 Being that it is Halloween I have decided to check out a few horror films , and since I already watched the first `` Saw '' , I thought that I could continue on with the series , because the first one showed a lot of potential in the series . Unfortunatly `` Saw II '' did not continue to give me faith in the series.Saw 1 started out with 2 guys trapped in a room , and we followed thier back story to find out why they were there . The problem was interesting , and although it did not follow up on its true potential , it was interesting . The idea of a Killer , who never actually kills anybody , but makes them kill themselves was new and interesting , `` Saw II '' Forgot that . `` Saw II '' Had about 8 or so people trapped in a house that is pumping a nerve gas into thier system , that if ingested for more than 2 hours would cause them to die . Throughout the house thier are traps and puzzles set up , that if done right will allow them to get an antidote to the gas , each trap set for an individual , for the crimes they have done to humanity , or themselves so that if they do survive they can better understand life.Meanwhile the father of one of the people in the house -LRB- who happens to be a cop -RRB- has actually caught Jigsaw , but things are not working out when Jigsaw shows him what is going on with his son.This sounds like it might be a fun movie . But its not . I do n't care if there is an antidote somewhere in the house , if they do n't know how to get it , and you pumped them full of poisin , THAT 'S STILL MURDER . Also while the first one had many new ideas , this one is painfully pumped full of horror movie cliche 's , that I am so damn sick of seeing . Like the survivor from the previous film , who because she survived him once before she is an expert on him . The tough guy jerk who does n't care about saving anybody but himself . Their is no character development , just big walking stereotypes we have seen in every horror movie ever made . Oh , and I hate to give it away , but the black guy dies.Just like the original `` Saw '' it failed to live up to its own potential that it set up . We are led to believe that there are several traps throughout the house , each for an individual person . 8 people , we see 3 , and one of them it is n't even explained who it was for . The ending for the most part was predictable . and again , nobody seems to care too much about the time limit until it is too late . They people have 2 hours and they open like 3 rooms in the house . I pretty sure they would have gotten a lot more done if the time limit was used to its potential.And in the end , you find out that most of what transpired in that movie , did not matter , that really , this is all just a huge set up for `` Saw III '' . I do n't like when movies waste my time just so they can get another movie in the series . I will see `` Saw III '' because I have MVP at Hollywood Video , so its free and I can let my curiousity get the best of me , but I would not pay to continue this series.I give it a 3.5 out of 10 .
 This series has a lot of potential going for it , but unfortunately this film is hampered by an illogical screenplay . Does anyone remember Stigmata ? Saw II has the same style cinematography and editing -LRB- which is quite irritating -RRB- , minimal character development -LRB- which is a key factor to building suspense -RRB- , one predictable horror movie cliche after another , the fact that they show the mysterious killer all through the movie -LRB- whose brain fart was responsible for this catastrophic mistake -RRB- , sadly the scary factor goes quietly down the drain . One good thing Saw 11 has going for it are the death scenes that are sometimes interesting , nasty and inventive . Saw II tries real hard to be a good film , but the MTV style direction and pacing -LRB- think a childs attention span -RRB- eventually pulls it under . Watch the far superior and original Cube instead .
 The first Saw movie was like a breathe of fresh air to the genre . It was n't a PG-13 rated teen fest or a remake of a classic 70 's horror film either , and while it was n't perfect , it still managed to deliver the goods with a little bit of originality thrown in . Saw II picks up where the first film left off , with Jigsaw -LRB- Tobin Bell -RRB- playing another game with a group of people ; among whom is survivor Amanda -LRB- Shawnee Smith -RRB- and the son -LRB- Erik Knudsen -RRB- of crooked detective Eric Matthews -LRB- Donnie Wahlberg -RRB- who is forced to play along as well . Replacing James Wan as director , Darren Lynn Bousman ups the ante in terms of grotesqueness and the design of Jigsaw 's game , but the story -LRB- originally based on an older story by Bousman that was later transformed into Saw II -RRB- is n't close to being as engaging as it was the first time around , and besides Bell , Smith , and Wahlberg ; the rest of the cast -LRB- including a returning Dina Meyer , along with Glen Plummer , 7th Heaven 's Beverly Mitchell , Franky G , and Emmanuelle Vaugier -RRB- range from grating to awful . There 's some pretty good gore effects , and the scenarios offer some imagination , but Saw II is a far step down from the original . All in all , Saw II is n't horrible , but it 's definitely the worst entry in the series by far .
 I was excited about this film , truly excited . I really enjoyed the first ` Saw ' film and just had the highest of hopes for the sequel . I think that 's why in the end it proved to be such a disappointment . Do n't get me wrong , when I walked out of the theater I was in heaven . I loved what I had just seen . It was gruesome , disturbing and to an extent quite scary . After a second watch through though I realized that this film is so far below the original it 's ridiculous . The concept for this film is just too simple when compared to the original film . The only similarity between the two is the villain and even that takes an unwarranted twist . Yes , the final sequence was a head-scratcher but it could n't hold a candle to the mastery that was the original ` Saw ' conclusion.The film centers again around mastermind Jigsaw as he sets up yet another elaborate trap , this time collecting a group of ex-convicts in an abandoned house filled with deadly gas with antidotes spread throughout the house . In order for them to get these antidotes they must do some horrific things . One of the victims is young Daniel Matthews whose father , Police Detective Eric Matthews , has captured Jigsaw and is trying desperately -LRB- and quite uncivilly -RRB- to force into giving up the houses location.Sadly ` Saw II ' becomes a showcase for gruesome deaths and disturbing sights over mental breakdown and mind bending horror . I say ` sadly ' for a reason . The original ` Saw ' was not all that gory . Sure there were some bloody sequences and some disturbing events but for the most part ` Saw ' was a mental game , a mind tease if you will . ` Saw II ' feels like a cop out almost . It feels like any other slasher film and that is a disappointment since I expected so much more.There are some good things about this film , Tobin Bell for one who expands upon his original role as Jigsaw with some exceptional results , but story wise ` Saw II ' fails . As far as the death scenes are concerned , sure they make you squirm and that 's a plus right , and that pit of syringes still gets to me when I think about it , but all of this ca n't make up for the lack or originality . It 's dark , it 's disturbing , it 's gory and it 's very uninspired . I have yet to see the third and fourth ` Saw ' offerings mainly because this was such a let down . I 'm sure I 'll get to the rest of the series to form my own opinions ; hopefully they will be an improvement.The acting here is an improvement upon the original , well , at least some of it is . Donnie Wahlberg -LRB- who could be brother Mark 's twin I swear -RRB- has a much better grasp on his character than Cary Elwes did . Shawnee Smith does decently here as does Erik Knudsen and of course Tobin Bell . The rest of the cast is decent at best . Franky G is horrific , Beverley Mitchell -LRB- from ` Seventh Heaven ' ... what 's she doing here ? -RRB- is annoying as all get out and Tim Burd is just plain non-effective . Emmanuelle Vaugier does little else but be really hot and Tony Nappo is gone too quickly to make much of an impact so that leaves Glenn Plummer to pick up the pieces and he does a decent but not too impressive a job . Still , the acting is an improvement if you will.In the end I ca n't say much else then this was a major disappointment when compared to what it could have been but when you place it in the perspective of ` most ' -LRB- I say ` most ' because there are a select few horror films that truly are brilliant -RRB- horror films of late then this fits in the with pack as disturbing , gruesome and brainless .
 After seeing the first Saw I was so looking forward to this one . But I had my worries . I loved the first one , but unfortunatly this doesnt come to the standards of the original . I have noticed how people have compared the original Saw to the film Cube with its similarities . Saw 2 not only has similarites , but looks almost exactly like it . People locked in a house full of traps , entering the first room to get to the second . Sure this film is a lot better than Cube , but it could have done a lot better than this . Throughout the film when something big is about to happen , it just comes across different death scenes like slasher films . Saw is NOT a slasher film . Saw 2 , however , follows in its footsteps , finding an easy way out . Its like they just want to get this film over with . Saw 2 still has a neat ending but also added something a little silly to it . Not half as good as the ending to the original . Overall , Saw 2 isnt rubbish . It just seems a little pointless .
 There are no surprises in this second Saw movie anymore . Again Jigsaw the Great has created a mysterious sadistic masterplan to have his victims appreciate their lives a bit more . This time however watching the movie you simply do n't believe the story anymore . I think the first Saw was splendid , but they should not have made a sequel . -LRB- SARR -RRB-
 The person before me typed a massive spoiler for the movie and did n't feel the need to tell people . Nice job kid . My view of the movie was this . I really liked the first Saw , and HATED this sequel . This movie was more of a teenage slasher movie with grossout , nasty killings without thought behind them . Just ways to maim people . The first movie was n't just about that , there was plenty of story to keep it going . This just did n't have it . Not recommended .
 This sequel to a great film is the type that teases you for the first 60 minutes , then tries to surprise you at the end and recap all of the previous scenes . This movie was n't much fun to watch at all . While there were a few intense and gory scenes that were pulled off really well , most of the story lacked originality and the acting by Donnie from The New Kids was only mediocre.By the end of the movie , you just wo n't care about the mystery anymore , and when you finally figure it out , you will care even less . A real dissapointment from the first SAW .
 This was nothing compared to the originality of saw # 1 . the plot sucked and the acing was nothing to talk about .
 poorly filmed with no good directingand character develop in a wrong directionso it might be entertaining by all the bloody gorybut this film is a biggest failure in all seriesbtw the plot was written for a scary moviebut IGN took it in
 Saw was good , because it was creating a new genre and it was original and on a league of it 's own . Saw 2 is not as good in my opinion . It 's very disturbing at times , because it 's so graphic and violent and so much blood and gore that by the end of it I was repulsed by it . Why was this low-budget horror film so bloody successful ?! They are already making Saw 3 now . The cast had very little appeal to me in this film . Yes , it is shot in Toronto and I did recognized my friend Ho `` Oyster '' who played the cop and he just had two lines . I guess I am not really into this kind of nasty gore feast . I prefer horror films that have more intricate storyline and not `` cutting up body parts kind of stuff '' . It 's got a niche market and it works for that target audiences . I am not looking forward to see another Saw .
 whoa this movie was so disappointing , the premise of this movie is so awful with no developing characters they just get killed off like some bad slasher movie . . weak
 In the original Saw , The Jigsaw Killer locked Dr. Cary Elwes and Leigh Whannell and chained there feet up in a murky bathroom with a dead guy in the middle of the room and the only way the can get out is to saw threw their feet . . well , Elwes sawed threw his leg and the dead guy in the center just so happened to be the Jigsaw Killer . Now , in Saw 2 , Det. Donnie Wahlberg -LRB- Dreamcatcher , Ransom -RRB- is on the case of the Jigsaw Man with Det. Dina Meyer -LRB- Stranger Than Fiction , Starship Troopers -RRB- and the swat team at his side as they finally capture the Jigsaw Killer , played by Tobin Bell -LRB- The Firm . Malice -RRB- who is dying of cancer . Wahlberg finds out that there are several people in a room locked up with no way out and they are breathing in a deadly nerve agent that destroys your insides and if they dont make it in time , solve the puzzles , then their all going to die . Once they escape the room , they go on a frantic spree around the house looking for ways to get out and Donnie Wahlberg is trying to get Jigsaw Killer to tell him where the people are because one of those people is his son . A perfect companion movie to the original Saw meshes well with it , notably towards the end . Wahlberg gets some credit for delivering a good performance and Tobin Bell is wonderfully creepy as The Jigsaw Killer . Fans of the first or really major horror buff fans will love the new traps that are set in the movie ... with bloody effect ... they love their blood those horror junkies . Some energy gets drained here and there but what keeps it alive is the ending . Also starring Franky G -LRB- The Italian Job , Wonderland -RRB- , Glenn Plummer -LRB- South Central , Speed -RRB- , Beverly Mitchell -LRB- Tv 's 7th Heaven -RRB- , Shawnee Smith -LRB- Tv 's Becker -RRB- , Eric Knudsen -LRB- The Prize Winner of Defiance , Ohio -RRB- , Tony Nappo -LRB- Land of the Dead , Four Brothers -RRB- , Tim Burd -LRB- Resident EvilApocalypse -RRB- and Emmanuelle Vaugier -LRB- Cerberus -RRB- . Leigh Whannel who played Adam in the first Saw , cowrote with the directors of both films
 Saw II-Same Formula . Sorry but Despite it 's Drama and it 's So-called Horror , I do n't mind gore when necessary in a Horror movie to get it 's point across . but The Saw Series which By the way I have only seen up to 3 I think . Is plain torture porn , I do n't like torture to such extremes , It 's all it is , that and Hostel . there is no value in such a movie . And then the guy come on ? oh well . maybe my bias would make others think I am crazy for not liking the movie , but I apologize it 's not my type of movie , watch/rent it and see if you like it .
 While I am a bit jaded when it comes to horror , the first Saw movie was a pleasant surprise . Saw 2 , on the other hand , was junk . I quit halfway through . The acting was horrible , the plot dull , and suspense ? Non-existent . The only thing of note in this movie was the intense gore , and that was a bit too much when set side by side with all the things Saw 2 lacked.Total Score -LRB- out of 100 -RRB- = 2916 -LRB- out of 50 -RRB- . Enjoyment . A rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film .3 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Acting . How good was the acting ? 4 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Immersion . Did the movie suck me into the story ? 2 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Intangibles . Special effects . Movie pace . Is the movie forgettable , or something you will talk about and remember for weeks ? Years ? 4 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must see . Is this movie worth seeing/renting ? 0 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must buy . Is this movie a must buy/purchase ?
 Saw I had promise and and descended in to a plot mess . Saw II is absurd and not even scary . The basic problem is twofold
 No wonder he gets away , the cops are so stupid . When dealing with a manipulator , why begin by allowing him to control the rules and location ? If the participants are victims of bad cops , why are they punished ? Too stupid to be enjoyed .
 Very unprofessional DVD !!!! When I first saw the item , I thought there was a mistake , and I accidentally ordered a compilation CD , because the DVD is in a CD case . I was so disappointed , at the picture and sound quality !!!! It looked as if someone taped it from different sources -LRB- TV , Rhino Compilation VHS , etc. -RRB- , and edited them , but in such a lousy way !!!! Many video 's are cut in the end . The sequence is also horrible !!! Whenever you skip to go to another track you get half of the video from the previous track you skipped !!!! I am so certain I would have done such a better job taping the music video 's from TV -LRB- i.e. , VH1 Classics -RRB- , editing them , and making them look more professional than this garbage !!!!
 I have watched a version of this DVD previously . So I purchased the DVD from Amazon for my personal video library . I was so excited and anxious when the DVD arrived . However , to my great disappointment , the DVD is not for the region in the United States.The DVD came for Region 2 and United States is Region 1 . This is the first time I have ever had to deal with Region setting for a DVD . Greater attention should be made for selling items in the US with such issues as regions for other countries .
 What Pioneer Entertainment did to the Barely Legal PPV is horrible . They edited out all of the promos and interviews , including the Terry Funk package and even the streamers thrown before the Mic . Pro match . It 's a damn shame they edited out all that stuff just to save some money of the VHS tape . As a fan you are better off finding a copy of the original PPV and saving your money .
 is that they removed the Sandman music , which was EPIC . If you can watch the original entrance and not get pumped up by the crowd singing in unison then something is wrong with ya ;-RRB- This dvd/tape listed here does NOT show you that entrance in its original glory . The fact they edited this ppv ... to me ... ruined it . What they did by editing this dvd is like peeing ona monalisa painting .
 1 . Eliminators vs. Dudleys - Om my God , sad , agh , barf . Terrible match , miscommunications , botches the works . High Point
 Did anyone reviewing here -LRB- other than me -RRB- actually SEE the REAL concert ? I 'm not referring to this wussed out acoustic version , but the real `` Hell Freezes Over '' tour concerts ? I saw them in Orlando , Florida at the Citrus bowl 07-23-94 , and what they 're selling here pales in comparison , trust me . Glen Frey had to step to the mic and ask the crowd to please stop singing along because they were filming for the video and we were drowning out the band , lmao . -LRB- Too bad THAT video is n't for sale . -RRB- They rocked ! Even a hard rain did n't stop them . -LRB- Oh , and an unknown Melissa Ethridge opened for them and was booed off the stage -RRB- .
 Technically , this is flawless . The playing is flawless , the renditions are flawless , the recording and 5.1 surround sound mixing is flawless -LRB- especially worth a listen is the audio-only Seven Bridges Road , where each Eagle has his own speaker to sing out of . The renditions of the songs are so true that , aside from the audience cheers , they may as well be the original studio versions . In fact I 'm not 100 % convinced , in some cases , that they 're not.As a hi-fi or home theatre bench test , this is a great DVD . But as a musical artefact , that 's where the buck stops . The Eagles may have had a reason for getting back together , but it does n't seem to have had anything to do with enjoying performing their music or missing each other
 I feel I must comment on this so called `` Authentic Guitar Tab Edition '' of the Eagles `` Hell Freezes Over '' sheet music . While I absolutely love the DVD and the CD , guitar players should not waste a dime on this worthless piece of garbage . I hate to be so harsh , but it is evident from the first line of tablature that these `` professional '' tab transcribers -LRB- Joe Deloro , Dale Turner , Kenn Chipkin -RRB- never even watched the DVD . Practically every last line of tablature in Hotel California is completely wrong . They have Glen Frey using a capo on the 7th fret . It is obvious in the video that no one -LRB- Frey , Felder , nor Walsh -RRB- has a capo on the 7th fret . Clearly , Frey is using a capo on the 2nd Fret . I believe the old original 1976 LP version probably was played capo 'd at the 7th , but not this version . From here , the accuracy of the tab just deteriorates further . Fret positions are all wrong compared to the video and some progressions are just plain inocrrect . The Eagles are perfectionists when it comes to their music . You 'd think that when Warner Brothers Publications approved and licensed the sheet music , they 'd of done a better job than this . You 're much better off just figuring the guitar parts out yourself by watching the DVD and combing the internet for tablature . There are several people who have done an admirable job of transcribing Hotel California and many of the other songs . They have done a MUCH better job with the tab than the professional lackies mentioned above . It is shameful that such an incredible , beautiful piece of music has been given such lack-luster attention to detail when it comes to providing accurate guitar tablature . OK , I 'm done : -RRB-
 I was so excited to order this DVD after putting together my home theater system with a high end DTS -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- amplifier and sub-woofer . My high expectations were dashed when upon opening the package I quickly realized I 've been had . Not only was there only one song that was on DTS but the particular track was on audio only . I do n't mind buying something for as long as it is what I had expected . You made this item appear more than it really is by attaching the DTS label .
 Although I might keep this DVD in my collection , it would be only for the historical reunion of the Eagles and not for the DVD experience . I enjoy a concert DVD that lets me feel like I 'm at the show sonically and visually , and not as if I 'm watching a slide show with fading effects . My apologies to the director , but when Joe Walsh is playing a solo I like to watch Joe Walsh play the solo . The sound is okay , but visually the 2 second cut from one band member to the next without regard to the instrumental focus or the activity on the stage was extremely frustrating .
 I enjoyed reading Don Felder 's book , Heaven and Hell . In this book he described some of the behind the scenes issues of this performance . When he was asked to be a part of this event and of re-joining the Eagles , he did it . When Glenn and Henley came back , there became this huge control thing happening . At once , the equal pay amounts were thrown out the Window . They were all told where exactly to stand . Felder was moved to the extreme right . If you watch this video , you seldom even see Felder . When he is seen , he is the one who is smiling and enjoying it the most as well as Joe Walsh . When Frey Sings he never sings to the audience but moves to the side which makes me gather that he is and was trully uncomfortable with this part of performing . Henley is way too monolithic . Just way to serious . The performances were ok but not relaxed enough . Also , the show starts way to slow ...
 Ok . I loveD the Eagles . There was a better than 50/50 chance that I had one of their albums in my car . When people hated on them -LRB- there are A LOT of Eagles haters out there -RRB- I defended them wholeheartedly . NO MORE . The only Eagle I did not despise by the end of the DVD was Joe Walsh , who may be the sweetest old man ever . The only reason this DVD did not get 1 star is that the Eagles are still awesome musicians.The Eagles should be heard -LRB- NOT THEIR INTERVIEWS -RRB- and not seen.P.S . Timothy B. Schmidt is the worst . I miss Randy Meisner .
 I saw this concert and it was great and about an hour long , but the DVD I received from this seller has only 3 or 4 tunes performed at the concert . We are so disappointed and feel this seller has been dishonest by advertising this DVD as the whole concert . I wish I could get my money back . Beware of this seller !!!
 I was looking forward to this disc until I tried it . While it really is a good quality disc , only one track was recorded in DTS . I do n't think it justifies the monicker or the extra expense . Both my player and receiver would display DTS/DD playback . I thought it might be my equipment , so checked the fine print and only the last track , `` Seven Bridges Road , '' is recorded in DTS . The rest was n't even DD . Ironic that someone could comment on the how others are n't capable of appreciating DD/DTS when he was n't listening to either .
 If you have all their albums , know all their lyrics , then maybe this is for you , but if your like me , and have heard about 5-6 of their radio songs throughout your life , then you might not like their other stuff . I thought this was WAY SLOW ! And way boring . ZZZZZzzzzzzz Not only were the songs soppy slow , but the band was too
 Who is the genius that decided this should only be released in DTS ?????? I may not be completely state of the art , but my Dolby Digital system is very nice , and I am not spending hundreds of dollars to upgrade any time soon ! This is the only DVD I have come across that I could not listen to in 6 or 2 channel Dolby , my only option here is 2 channel non dolby . Because of this , this disc is worthless to me . I 'm glad I only borrowed it , because I will NOT be buying it any time soon . Even the new Don Henley DVD has both DTS *** AND *** Dolby Digital Sound . What would it have hurt to do the same here ? This is unbelievably thoughtless !!!!
 Maybe if you REALLY love the Eagles you can stomach the bordom of old guys sitting playing electric guitars with the same monotonous heavy drum beat , but compared to other concerts on DVD , it was bad . The only upside was the accurate fidelity of the instruments , but you pay a high price that accuracy . Skip this one .
 Maybe I 'm missing something , but I do n't see what all of the fuss is about . The Eagles were a second rate band who had to do a ` reunion ' tour to earn some money . If they were so good , why did they ever go away ? I just do n't get it . MAybe the songs would have been better if they had mixed them with dance tracks or something . They should have had something better to offer on the stage , like the Backstreet Boys do . This sucked .
 Be careful when ordering this DVD . It is recorded in either DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 . Make sure your RECEIVER processes DTS otherwise buy the Dolby Digital version . Most all DVD players read and send a DTS & Dolby Digital signal to your receiver but make sure your receiver processes DTS and/or Dolby Digital before you make your decision . I have the DTS version but no DTS processer and had to select the enhanced stereo setting . On the other hand the sound is still impressive . So far no other DVD I 've purchased compares in overall quality . I 'm convinced this is the best way to enjoy music . I 've stopped buying CDs and only buy music DVDs now . I 'm waiting for my old classics to be re-mixed to 5.1 sound with some clips from concerts .
 love the eagles but this is a poor quality copy we received , so we went to a store to get a copy
 My AV receiver is about 2 years old . It does not have a DTS decoder . Most of the newer ones do . This DVD is one of the few DVDs in the world -LRB- maybe it 's up to about 4 or 5 now -RRB- that is recorded in DTS and not Dolby Digital also . If you do n't have a DTS decoder , all you get is PCM stereo . What 's the point of buying a DVD if you ca n't listen to surround sound ? Sure as hell not to see in high resolution all of the wrinkles on Don Henley 's face . If you do n't have a DTS decoder , do n't bother . Buy some of their CDs and get the same audio experince .
 DVD number 1 was no where to be found in the packaging !!! DVD number 2 was very well done . I would have given AT KEAST 4 STARS if the package had contained ALL 10 DVD DISKS !!! I hope that Amazon.com will let me know how to get in touch with rhe merchant -LRB- was NOT Amazon -RRB- so I can TRY to get DVD number 1 sent to me ...
 My son likes this DVD , but I would n't have bought it had I known it was about Easter -- would have been helpful info before buying !
 This item only had two shows on it and it cost as much as a video with four shows on it . I was disappointed . It 's also an older version , which I did n't realize when I purchased the item .
 The disc does n't work in our DVDs and is heaps cheaper anyway in Target . Why Amazon lets you purchase it outside US is a mystery . I would return it for refund , but not worth the hassle .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but was disappointed enough with this DVD to let other parents know . My 4 year old LOVES Mickey and could n't wait for this new DVD to come out . We watched it as soon as we got it home , but by the end my daughter was in my lap in tears and really scared . She will usually watch DVD 's over and over again , but not this one -LRB- even though she did like the episode about Donald 's hiccups -RRB- . I just wish I had known that Mickey 's great adventure included him getting locked up by a mean giant and I could have saved some money and some tears . I 'm sure that a lot of kids will be fine with it , but if your kids have any fears of giants I would skip this DVD .
 Usually Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is my 3 year-old daughter 's FAVORITE show , but NOT this episode . This episode is extremely frightening for her to watch , because of Pete 's malicious plan and the scary giant . I 'm not sure why the folks at Disney thought this was a good plot premise for a show aimed at pre-schoolers ? They had a great opportunity to do a cute Spring-themed show here and all they could come up with is this ? The other episode on the disc -LRB- Donald 's Hiccups -RRB- is amusing and she 'll ask for that repeatedly . I 'd say this DVD is for older Mickey fans -LRB- 5 yrs + -RRB- . For the younger fans , wait for the hiccup episode to show on Playhouse Disney and watch it there ... save your money .
 My son has n't even played with it yet - it was going to be a christmas gift from nana . I decided to assemble it in advance and I 'm glad I did since it wo n't stay together . 1 . One of the ears/balls on top of the clubhouse will not stay on . 2 . the elevator will not go up with the flag on - no matter how you position the flag . 3 . the silly slide barely attaches - it will surely fall off the 1st time he moves it . This piece of crap is not worth $ 20 - little less the $ 59 retail price . Too bad - I 'm sure he would have loved it .
 My Toddler loves Mickey Mouse Clubhouse , so was excited to find this . Upon receiving however , you 'll realize quickly upon assembly how poor the quality and how unbelievably flimsy it is.The elevator requires enough force that an adult has to operate it , and the flag that attaches to the top either does n't stay in place jamming the elevator ... or pops out all together . The slide barely stays attached for one or two treks down by one of the figures included . The movable ear falls off if you even look at it wrong . The lever to rotate Toodles barely works only ever giving 1 to half a rotation . The searchlight does n't hold its position and simply flops down if not being held , plus the dim light drains the watch batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- in a very short time.I ca n't believe Disney put their name on this.Very disappointed , and already returned .
 If you like this show and your child is getting something out of it , I do n't see why you should n't get it . I personally will not get it for two important reasons to me , my child is not getting any use out of it -LRB- As far as the educacional content , it has got very little to almost none , I have found blue 's clues and sesame street to be far more effective and entertaining -RRB- But putting this aside , the show itself is not creative at all , it is reusing the same characters over and over again , I think is a complete fraud and against what Walt Disney stood for , which was originality and creativeness and artistic talent , which I want my children to learn.I think the Disney company is all about money and no values at all . They take the Disney characters -LRB- that they did not create -RRB- and use them any old way , just because they have the copyrights to them , after all , the original artists are pretty much dead or retired . Plus , it is not like they have to do much work because it 's all computarised . They do the littlest amount of work for the maximun amount of money they can charge , I think it is a mediocre show , which also is against what Walt Disney stood for.But like I said at the beginning , if you enjoy it and want to buy it , then I do n't see why you should n't -LRB- Everybody has the right to like or dislike anything they want -RRB- For me , I am not watching it , or buying it out of principle .
 This movie was obviously striving for some chic art house feel , but it ended up ignoring plot ties . You sense the director was aiming to have the paths of these characters traverse and have some deeper meaning . however , the movie lacks any real sense of direction . you can admire the acting , but the story can only carry out their abilities so long as it stays interesting ... which it did n't . granted , it was based on a true event , which usually benefits a plotline . ultimately , i was bored with the story , the cinematography was bleak , and the overall theme was muddled . not a complete waste of time , but definitely not the first choice on my `` must rent '' list .
 A rather dreary and disjointed movie , with a good plot , good acting , and an exceptional sound track ; but miserable directing . It ends with an anti-climax .
 Fabiola was a major international success when it was released abroad in 1947 . Boasting gigantic sets , crowds of thousands and a stellar international cast-Fabiola told its story of Christian martydom in 150 minutes . With its massive recreation of the Colisseum , gladiatorial bouts , the Christian persecution . It was a sight to behold . In 1951 Hercules producer Joe Levine took the original film , edited it down to 89 minutes and dubbed it into English -- just to get the jump on MGM 's massive Quo Vadis which basically covered the same territory . Fabiola is better in its original running time -- even in black and white . This is the grindhouse version . Beware .
 When I saw the original version of the movie ` Fabiola ' many years ago , it was an excellent film , so recently I wished to see it again on a DVD , which I looked for in many different venues , but it appeared to be out of circulation , until I found it in Amazon . So I ordered it . Even though some reviews mentioned it had a few cuts for the US exhibition , I bought it , and to my great disappointment I realized that , with the exception of the last sequences of Christians massacred at the Colisseum -LRB- an impressive display of realistic and wonderfully directed section of the film -RRB- , the whole presentation was marred not only by big cuts but also by its unrestored images , which appear badly scratched and showing the film 's age.However , it was great to see old-time French and Italian stars as Michele Morgan , Henri Vidal , Michel Simon and Gino Cervi.The experience was like acquiring an Old Masters painting discolored by neglect and carelessness .
 I am a diehard EWF fan , and curious , I bought this DVD . It is in fact a compilation of performances , kind of like a ` best of ' CD , except all of these performances are available on the other DVDs . There are a few from the Montreux DVD , the Live -LRB- 1994 -RRB- DVD , the In Concert 81 DVD , and the Greek Theatre DVD . Nothing new here . Unless you do n't want a full concert and just want to see some good clips from already available items , do n't buy this , the description is misleading .
 This show is considered legendary ??! After viewing these DVD 's It 's hard to believe that censorship was the reason that this series only lasted 4 episodes ... it 's more likely the plug was pulled by NBC and / or Pryor because the show was pretty awful . There are maybe 35 skits over the 4 shows , and maybe 3 of them are worth watching . By show # 4 I stopped watching because there was no hope that anything would be funny . The 2 or 3 that are funny -LRB- `` the 40th President '' especially -RRB- are hilarious ... classic ... exactly what you 're hoping this series will be like ... but when the show starts to go downhill it stays there and never recovers.The Richard Pryor Special which preceeded the TV series by a year is slighlty better , but that 's not saying much ... it 's still nowhere near as funny as Pryor at his best ... the TV series is lame even by Saturday Night Live at it 's lamest standards . . d the `` social commentary '' bits are heartfelt but embarrassing . The entire Tv series was just misguided.The extra features are the best things ... the unedited roast where Pryor talks like he would in his act , some of the Q&A segment ... and that 's about it . A Real disapointment.Evidently there was no way for Richard Pryor to adopt his stand up personl to a TV series and make it work . If you 're expecting anything as funny as Pryor 's appearance on SNL in the 70 's ... especially the `` Job Interview '' bit ... forget it.I 'm giving this 2 stars because there is at least a lot of stuff on the 3 discs ... approx 5 hours worth , and you get maybe 45 minutes of worthwhile material ... which would be good if this was a single DVD , but overall these 3 DVD 's are very disapointing .
 I had hopes that this collection would make me laugh , but the laughs were few . The `` comedy '' was very dated and disappointing , do n't bother to purchase this unless you want to see what happens when network censors control the creative , comedic effort that was Richard Pryor at the time.I recommend his later work that was not controlled by TV censors.This is a nostagic look back and nothing more . It was interesting to see the young faces and developing talent of some of the cast members.The most entertaining part was the `` roast '' and you can see that on YouTube .
 Just got this today and watched it with mt wife . The two people involved are engaging and skilled , but the useful content could have been presented in about 8-10 minutes . Specific problems
 Watching this DVD I was amazed at how exceptionally bad it is
 I ca n't imagine anything that they could add to this documentary that could make it any worse . We turned it off after 5 minutes . Wow .
 Before I bought this set , I read the review , somebody said they were mechanical . I did n't understand it . But after I seen it , I do . They are like robots , lacking any kind of feeling or passion . So if you are looking for passion , do n't get this one . They seem like couples who have been doing it for years and do n't enjoy it anymore.The performers in this dvd are people between ages 45-65 . I am younger , so I was kind of disgusted watching old people having sex . So if you are young , be forewarned ...
 Be careful with this one , it 's only a DVD single featuring TWO songs . I can hardly call that a good deal , even at $ 8 . Unfortunately , I glanced over the good reviews and ordered it before I realized my mistake .
 I thought that the artist was Avril Lavigne . Who IS the artist ???
 -LRB- 1 star because they wo n't let me vote negative 5 ! -RRB- This 2 DVD set is WAY overpriced for what it is . I got both of them for free when I ordered the entire series from Panther -LRB- A much better series , though this art pretty much requires 1-on-1 instruction -RRB- . I 'm glad I got them for free , because I would have felt extrememly gipped otherwise.They name some thechinques , but no explanation is given on how to do them . The camera work looks like it was shot on a handheld 8mm . All in all , they 're just taped Capoeria classes with no instruction . I will admit , when you CAN see through the grainy picture , some of the Capoeristas are very good , but not good enough to warrant the proce of this poorly shot and produced jump-on-the-bandwagon peice of garbage .
 This is the last and final time I will be reviewing this movie.The movie begins as Izzy Daniels , a boxer , is dancing in the streets . -LRB- Can we some Lionel Richie in the background ? -RRB- He comes across Mary and her friends double-dutching where he says that it looks pretty easy , and all that jazz.He watches them at a competition , and realizes it looks like fun , so he joins there team , but Mary is hesitant to let him join . Finally , he joins.But does n't tell his father . Ah , yes , the plot thickens.Overall , an `` okay '' movie , but not worth buying if you ask me . It 's pretty much like every other Disney Channel movie out there . Person is good at one thing , then does something to disappoint someone else , big happy ending.Personally , the music was just okay . But everybody wants to be a singer . I mean , Keke Palmer needs to STEP AWAY from the microphone.Corbin does his best at producing an upbeat track , `` Push It To The Limit '' , and ends up making a fairly-decent song , but not great.Worth watching on Disney Channel when they play it , if you can spare an hour and a half .
 This show does not teach responsibility and self worth based on the value system ... but rather self worth based on your accomplishments . I teach my children that they are important because of `` Who they are '' and not `` What they accomplish . '' Accomplisments are good and should be recognized , but they do not define you and your value as a person . Furthermore , focusing on the postive aspects each person brings to a situation is important to maintain social harmony . What irritated me in this show was the fact that the show promoted `` Competition '' as a sense of `` Value '' ... which it does not bring in the real world . Competition brings pressure and separates friends ... we should do our best and not compete in the sense of `` if I win I will be the best . '' We are all equal and should treat each other as individuals regardless of their social status . This movie is against all of these common ground rules and values and teaches children all of the wrong values based on the issue that character and self worth is defined on `` What we do '' and not `` Who we are '' as individuals . Definitely the wrong message to send off to children especially at such a young age . Children need to realize that there will always be someone who can do something better than they can , and that is why they need to define themselves as `` individuals '' who are `` valued '' because of who they are and not their life accomplishments . DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH THIS MOVIE !!!
 I watched this movie , literally , because there was nothing else on TV . I sat through the special effects , the bad acting , the thin as a credit card plot , etc. . And , when the movie was over I said `` Well , that was interesting . '' That 's all I could say ! It was like some other reviewers ' said , Rodriquez got carte blanc to do whatever he wanted to do , he wanted to do a 3D movie and the studio was like `` Do whatever you want . '' It 's kind of sad when Spy Kids was such a great movie and then , he unloads this piece of crap on his fans . He took a serious risk as , in the past , I would have seen anything with Rodriquez ' name attached to it , but now , I 'll definately be hesitating . I feel like I lost 90 minutes of my life that I 'll never get back and if I had gone to bed , I probalby could have dreamed a better dream than Rodriquez or anyone associated with this film ever could ! Also , while I know they 're just children , the acting was horrible and very wooden . However , since the movies was about dreams , I guess it 's okay that half of the cast was in a coma ! As far as George Lopez , I liked him because he always talked about how Latinos do n't get that many parts in Hollywood , yada , yeda yada . But I have to question how much he 's advancing Latino actors when it seems as though he 'll accept ANY part that 's handed to him ! Kirsten Davis was definatly wasted as well as David Arquette . I know they want to `` graduate '' from the small screen to the big screen , but this was like going from high school to community college when you could have waited for ivy league ! Again , all I can say is `` That was interesting '' and attempt to move on after this cinematic disappointment .
 I watched this last night with my 6 and 4 year old boys . It 's pretty awful . Crummy acting , dumb dialog , silly plot . There 's no reason for an adult to sit through this unless the kids insist that you stay there . All that said , my kids did enjoy it , even to the point of drawing pictures about it afterward , and my wife tells me they 're watching it again today . So I have to say your small kids may enjoy it too , but my advice is for adults to leave the room .
 I want to point out that this UMD -LSB- not DVD -RSB- is the 2-D version . Which sucks more than the 3-D version . You only get 4 pairs of 3-D glasses when you -LSB- oh please do n't -RSB- buy the DVD . -LSB- or UMD for that matter -RSB- This comes with a UMD and ... that 's it !!!!! Please -LSB- do n't -RSB- rent it before you -LSB- do n't -RSB- buy it .
 I went to see this movie , and I hated it!I 'm 11 years old , and I 'm quite sure this movie was for very young kids . Probably 10 and under . First of all , I think the moral of believing in your dreams is odd . Dreams are n't even real ! Sure , it 's great to have a dream , but it 's most likely it wo n't come true.Then , the 3-D effects were terrible ! Nothing really popped out at you . Even if it did , the effects were so unrealistic that they would n't make you flinch . All the graphics were quite bad anyway ... The characters were a bit strange , and they were TOO happy to be true , expecially for a planet in danger . Singing a 10-year-old a lullaby is a little strange , right ? Well , that 's what they did . And that dream , dream , dream song was a little strange.These are some parts I thought were really strange :1 . When those singing things started to sing a song , and Sharkboyripped apart a cage . I 've never seen someone so mad they 'd do THAT ! 2 . Raising Sharkboy in a fishtank thing , and not having your parents even notice ! 3 . Going outside in the middle of a tornado to get your son , WHO IS IN A SCHOOL BULDING WITH A TEACHER AND MANY OTHERS ! How dumb is that?There was nothing good about this movie ! Do n't waste your money on this ! You should go see something else !
 Even an incredible performance by newcomer Taylor Dooley ca n't hold up this weakly directed movie . The script is cheesy , the moral is too obvious , and is obviously aimed at young children.Strangly , it 's become a succes in the childrens world . You start wondering who it 's aimed at when you find out that the planet is called `` Planet Drool . ''
 I watched this movie only because I was staying with my cousins and they were cuirous as to what it was about . By the end we were all like , `` That was the biggest waste of my time ever ! '' Seriously , my eleven year old brother -LRB- who is a very creative personnage and talented artist -RRB- , could have done better than this pathetic excuse for a motion picture when he was three . ANd then I went and watched the special features , only to find that most of the movie was created by the directors four year old son ! If anyone should be able to make a movie at that age it should have been my brother KYle.For one thing , everything from the plot to the dialogue was so horrible I wanted to scream.THe entire storyline was complete anarchy and made so many leaps and bounds it was nausiating.The dialogue -LRB- particularly on SHark Boy 's part -RRB- seemed to me to be a cross between a badly translated Japanese samuri movie , Kung Pow , and just a hint of Tolkein for good measure or something . In the end , the result was utter garbage.I HATED how sudden elements to the story suddenly appeared or came out of nowhere . Such as Lava Girl 's desperate quest for her identity . I mean really , Shark BOy is trying to get Max , who dreamed up the world their stuck on , to get them out of a situation by dreaming . THen suddenly out of the blue , Lava Girl wants to know where she came from and what her purpose is . THere was abosolutely NO mention of this before hand and was down right annoying the rest of the time.THe acting was TERRIBLE ! I could n't believe that actors that bad existed . The worst of these was the actor who did Max , it was like he had just graduated from preschool and was just repeating the lines he had heard from the directors as best he could . THere was no emotion or desireable quality in any of it.George Lopez did provide a bit of comic relief , and even though my brothe disliked the movie about as much as I did , he still quotes the line `` YOU turned me into a big , round bad guy ! '' incessively . However , this sad bit of effort was like trying to prevent the world trade centers from falling by using a fishing pole . Hopeless ... I was n't expecting much from this movie , so I was n't all that disappointed . But I know for sure , Shark Boy and Lava GIrl will never be seen again by me .
 I love to take my neice to children 's movies , and usually find myself enjoying them as much or more than she does . Not so this one . The adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl had to be one of the most ill-conceived , poorly developed projects to ever make it through Hollywood . Riding on his success with the Spy Kids movies -LRB- which were so superior to this it is n't funny -RRB- , Rodriguez must have found himself in a position where he did n't need to get script approval from anyone . It shows . If an unknown scriptwriter had tried to present this to a studio she or he would have been laughed right out of town . Unfortunately , Rodriguez managed to bypass all the checks and balances that veto bad stories and pushed this project through . I sat through the entire movie , as painful as it was , with my neice . Nearly a third of the audience walked out before it was over . They were the smart ones .
 You ca n't call it anything else but terrible . Once It got to the end of movie when Max discovers it 's just a dream , it get 's really stupid . The story is intresting , but gets way off at lots of parts . One , who thought of a brainstorm , that was stupid . Robert Rodriguez did terrible too . The acting was made out of poo . There 's no bright colors because the bad guy wants `` darkness '' . Do n't see it , rent it or think about it . Dream about another dream like burn this movie up and buy a stick . Do n't get this movie period .
 Yeah ... since there 's not much to say except it stinks ... um . . here 's a deleted scene.Kid
 I did not receive the product . They do seem like they want to help me find it . They gave me a tracking number . But it didnt locate the package so i am awaiting there response
 This movie should get 0 stars , This movie is a waste of time for people in the 9 and up age group when I went to the movies and it is just stupid , If they make a second stupid movie like this , ill get sick .
 On Nov 7 , I ordered what I thought was a NEW DVD -LRB- 3-D & 2D versions which should have come with 3-D glasses -RRB- . On Nov 18 I got a USED LIKE NEW with the DVD 's , but no glasses . So , I went back to Amazon site to order 3-D glasses , but since they would come from another company , I would not get them before Dec. 24 or later . My daughter and granddaughters are coming in Dec 14 to Dec 21 . AND Amazon is the only online company that has no customer service phone number , chat , etc. .
 Just like home made movie with a little bit 3 D here and there . The story is so weak , I wonder why they bother to made this .
 Robert Rodriguez , definitely brilliant film director , proves with this terribly empty ` Sharkboy and Lavagirl ' that we need something better than CGI to make a film that deserves the name of film . ` The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl ' would only offer the cheap 3D images that would make you dizzy , and floundering in confusion , almost meaningless sequences that go on like your nightmare last night.We do n't need summery of the plot for there is none . Like the third ` Spy Kids ' film , it looks like watching video games someone else is doing from behind . The only difference is that you can not control the characters you are watching.Well , but actually , there is a story first suggested by Rodriguez 's then seven-year son . In short , young timid boy Max , always daydreaming about superhero/heroine -- Sharkboy and Lavagirl -- is tormented by his teacher and is bullied by some of the classmates . But suddenly these two fictional characters arrive in the real world , and tell Max that their home Planet Drool is in danger.So far the film fares well . But on the Planet the story gets suddenly weaker , and becomes confusing at times . The three kids keep traveling on the planet , sometimes on a huge cookie floating on the milk , sometimes chased by a minion of the Darkness -LRB- George Lopez -RRB- , or sometimes attacked by electric eels . Everything happens here in a very whimsical fashion , and I finally could n't understand why they have to roam so long . -LSB- 3D ... DO WE NEED IT ? -RSB- Yes , I know . We can not expect IMAX theater from this red-and-blue glasses , but unlike in ` The Spy Kids
 As other reviewers have no doubt noted , this movie is a modern-day reimagining of The Neverending Story . The primary difference that sets this movie apart is that the visual effects are much better -LRB- as you would expect given the time between the two -RRB- , but the story limps.The characters were cardboard 2-dimensional caricatures and felt forced and contrived as did the dialogue . The worst was when Max finally began to realize his power and began mouthing platitudes that felt stilted and awkward , having no believability coming from the mouth of a boy that young.On the positive side , the CG was done fairly well , and for all the pain that I endure sitting through this turkey , my 5-year old son loves it . That makes since I suppose since this movie comes in strongly at the 5-year old maturity level.Parents , your young children will probably love this , but avoid the agony of having to sit through this tripe yourself if at all possible .
 I saw Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D awhile ago . The commercials made it seem pretty exciting , and the fact that it was in 3-D , also made it cool ... but this was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . It just was n't interesting . They said the word `` dream '' over and over and soon they broke into a song at one point in the movie , which now gives me nightmares . Also , the movie sort of rambled on . I would not suggest this movie because I did n't really enjoy it , and it was actually very boring .
 Since this movie is lame Im going to tell you the whole thing . It begins with a kid named Max who wants nothing more than toys games cookies and most of all his two idiot rolemodels . This movies story is made origionaly up by the directors 4 year old nut-case of a son . everything on this movie is fake the characters are fake what idiot would call his sons actual name sharkboy how can a little boy grow gils and fins even the power rangers are better than this !!! go watch herbie instead it at least has more people watching it .
 I have four kids and usually would n't make the time to write one of these reviews , but this movie stunk so bad I felt the need to warn people !!! I spent the first half of the film waiting for some sort of plot to develop , and then I spent the second half of the film wishing it would end . Sharkboy does n't say much in the movie at all except to unexpectedly yell at lava girl from time to time although they 're supposed to be working together . Lava girl is an airhead and without any strong caharacters , and no real plot the movie seems to go in circles and circles and then finally has mercy on all of us viewers and ends . The 3-d was a great idea but I left with the feeling that some producers wanted to make a 3-d film and did n't bother actually writing a storyline before the actors started the movie . Do not subject yourself to this movie under any circumstanes !!!!
 Well basicallly theres a lot of hype on this movie becuase its in `` 3-d '' but really the graphics are horrible . I mean i have ten year old videogames with better graphics then this movie . COmpared to likes of half life 2 or counterstrike source -LRB- videogames -RRB- this movie does n't even come close . AND THIS IS A MOVIE !!! i mean seriosly how can u have worse graphics when the whole thing is -LSB- ... -RSB- ing linear !!!!!!!!! The story line is very cheesy , and the thing wanders around between this and that . I would n't expect that from the creators of Spy Kids , but I guess bad things happen . BUT NOT THIS -LSB- ... -RSB- BAD ! A 7 year old kid could come up with a better story line . I 'll put it this way
 This is the worst acting in a children 's movie that I have EVER seen . Nothing matter with the basic idea of the fanciful plot , but everything about the movie , from special effects to horrible acting , makes it the worst of filmmaking EVER . Skip it .
 Took my kids to see this in the theater . The acting is horrible , the dialog is horrendous , the plotline is pretty much non-existent . I expected a lot more from Robert R. because I 've enjoyed the Spy Kids movies alot , but I ca n't imagine how anyone liked this movie . Do yourself a favor , pick up the Spy Kids trilogy and skip over this , you 'll tank me .
 I hate to say it but unbox has turned to crap ! I still have not viewed this movie . It will not download . It goes to que ? whatever it is then nothing . I have no problems downloading the free stuff from Amazon so I dont understand why the paid rentals dont work right .
 these people suck i ordered this in november for a christmas present for my daughter and still have not recieved it to this day and they refuse to give me my money back
 THIS MOVIE STINKS LIKE A THOUSAND DIRTTY DIPPERS IN 2 DIMMISONS.BECAUSE IT IS NO FUN TO WATCH A MOVIE THAT WAS MENT TO BE IN3-D THAT IS IN NOW IN 2 DIMMENSION . WITH OUT ANY FURTHER TO DO DO NOT BUY THIS STUPID WASTE OF MONEY OH YEH I WANTED TO GIVE THIS MOVIE NEGATIVE 1 THRILLION STARS OR NO STARS BUT I WOULDNT LET ME SO DONT BE FOOLED BY THE ONE STAR I PUT MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OH YEH EMOES
 Before purchasing the supposed blu ray 3D version of this movie , I already owned the DVD version because my daughters loved it . I wanted to upgrade so that my daughters could enjoy this movie with the 3D TV . What was shipped to me was not the 3D blu ray . It was blu ray , but not 3D . There is a distinct difference and this seller refuses to acknowledge this fact . Not only was it not 3D , but the packaging had Spanish translations , and the blu ray itself did not even have a menu . Upon inserting the disc , it goes right into the movie . When the menu button is pressed , all that appears is an audio option . Not only did they not ship me the 3D , but they shipped me a completely bogus , pirated copy . Do not buy from this seller .
 Tonight I had the misfortune of seeing this movie . I can safely say this is the worst movie I 've ever seen , possibly one of the worst ever made.Here is a short summary of the story . A kid named max , who dreams too much . His parents hate each other . His teacher , Mr. Electricidad gets mad at him for dreaming and does n't like people talking to his daughter . The bratty antagonist `` Linus '' does n't like Max and steals his `` Dream journal . '' Max wishes he could go to a different world . One day he dreams up Shark boy and Lava girl . They take him to his dream world a.k.a `` planet drool '' and he saves the day.Ok , I 've heard worse plots . But how do you turn this into a 93-minute movie . Well , the producers filled the story with thoughtless , unnecessary conversations that lasted too long and were irrelevant to the story , pitiful action scenes that consisted of fighting plugs , dance routines by Shark Boy that should n't be viewed if you are quick to nauseate , and futile attempts at comedy that consisted of say the word `` fart , '' over-exaggerated facial expressions , and dumb , mind-numbing antics that were about as humorous as a funeral . And what 's the big , bad , evil plan that the bad guys have concocted ? To make the planet `` Drool '' ... dark . Yes , the master plan is to make the place dark , and not let kids go to sleep and dream . I have eaten cafeteria food that was more evil . -LRB- No disrespect intended to cafeteria staff . -RRB- Finally , the scriptwriter should feel ashamed for writing this piece of crap . -LRB- I 'm coming for your job man ... -RRB- The actors were , as a previous reviewer stated , poo . I have filmed home movies with greater acting talent . Shark Boy was always too tough and ready to beat someone up . Lava girl was always questioning whether she was light or evil . Max was always so helpless and childish . -LRB- George Lopez , I hope they paid you alot or else I do n't see why you became affiliated with this crippity-crap . -RRB- George Lopez 's two roles were probably the worse and most disappointing . His acting was shallow and over exaggerated.Do I dare start on the special effects ? First off , you could tell almost no work went into the effects . I almost laughed at the poor animation . I think the creators should have hired the studio janitor to do the effects instead.Well , I was angry after seeing this movie , so I had to let out my frustration somehow . But SBALG deserves every harsh statement in this review . It is safe to say that I would rather be punched in the face than sit through the horror that is Shark Boy and Lava Girl .
 I knew going into the movie that it was going to suck , and when it was finally over I knew my intuition was correct . This movie was very boring , contrived , silly , and devoid of comprension . No one over 10 years old will like this movie . Parents should n't take their kids to this pathetic movie unless they think bad movies is a good way to punish their kids . It was so sloppy much like an artist who throws paint on a canvas without judgement and calls it '' art '' . The 3-D glasses drowned out the colors and left the viewer with shadows of blue all over the place . This film was terrible . Anyone who gives this movie a 4 or 5 star rating is simply lying or they are the type of people who have no taste and in which case they should n't even be taken seriously . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time and money on this junk flop . .
 I 'm just going to do this in a list form so I do n't blurt out every swear word I know .1 . Plot - If there was a plotline , it 's invisable2 . Acting - Terrible . Period .3 . Dialouge - * runs to bathroom * 4 . Effects - Bad . Harvest Moon has better . And that 's a gamecube game XDOverall - - -LRB- largest number on earthThis is defiently the worst movie on earth ! I expected soemthing for this , being from the creater of spy kids , but I got a flop . Do n't rent it unless ... ' 1 . You want to see how terrible it is2 . Torture people ! 3 . Your clueless on how to rate movies
 I saw this and was shocked how horrible it was . Seriously , I reccomend this for kids under 10 ONLY . Kids who have never seen a 3D movie would really enjoy it , but those who have and those who have seen better would hate it . This sad , defensless kid writes this book of things he dreams about and takes it for granted that everything that he writes is real . Then no one believes him and so on . Then Shark boy and Lava girl break in and take the kid to some weird planet . Then random problems and drama take up most of the rest of the movie . Also , random things happen that make you disgusted like when the scene was all dramatic , Shark boy sings a little song that is like 2 minutes that must have been copied off a Nick Jr. show or something . Another one is that Lava Girl keeps dying for some reason . Why , she probably dies like 10 times in just 30 minutes . Also , shark boy gets really violent in a lot of scenes . He is always like `` Maybe I shoulf punch your brains out '' and `` Still hungery ? I 'll give you a knuckle sandwhich ! '' Of course , this would amusing to little kids but not mature kids.At the end of this movie , do n't be surprised if your child pretends to be like Lava Girl or Shark Boy and talk about the movie until you go mad . Also expect them to be like `` Dreams are lovely . Always follow your dreams . '' or something . When I saw it , the theatre was almost bare and at the end I thought `` No wonder . '' This movie is really horrible . The 3D graphics are lacking -LSB- You know , the usal , one lense red and the other blue -RSB- and the acting was really bad and the script was horrible ! I 'm taking for granted that this must be the worst movie ever created and I am not lying . Please only take kids that are under 10 . I hated it .
 Ok , I wont waste your time by rewriting everything about this movie youve already read . I went to see this when I was babysitting 7 and 6 year olds . Their parents had said they wanted to see it and left money so I took them up to the AMC . None of us liked it we all thought that A . The acting sucks B.The script is terrible and C. how did A guiy who made Spy Kids even look at this idea . im tellign you that This is a terrible movie and not to buy it . You can buy it if oyu want but itll be a HUGE waste of money
 Almost certainly the worst children 's film of all time . It 's almost impossible to have anything `` shark '' or `` lava '' that would n't make my two boys -LRB- 4 & 6 yrs -RRB- excited , but I 'm serious when I say I see more smiles out of them when we go to the dentist . For a kid not to be amused is bad enough , but if you are an adult trying to stay with this mess , it 's downright painful . The worst 90 minutes I ever spent in the movies .
 This movie seems as if it was written , directed and produced by a group of 7 year old boys . I ca n't imagine how this actually made it all the way to a theater near you . Shark Boy & Lava Girl makes Power Rangers movies look like Citizen Kane . While my own 7 year old liked it - that 's probably the upper limit of it 's audience .
 bad acting bad storytelling bad everything i wish this movie was never made i strongly disliked this movie it seriously was a waste of time and money to make god this movie is terrible seriously terrible and i thought my movies were bad but this movie takes the cake and just ruins my childhood foreverSurvivor 's Quest -LRB- Star Wars -RRB- Star Wars
 Here it is 30 days since my movie was `` shipped '' , We never recieved it but they did refund my money.I do n't think I would shop Amazon again.I promised my 6 yr old she would be getting her movie.Try to explain to a child why this did n't happen.I am truly disappointed .
 when i 1st bought this movie i thought oh no another kid movie but bravo academy award caliber just kidding wtf is this thing even about
 My son loves this movie . The reason I gave a low rating is that the movie kept stopping and we had to keep reloading it . Very frustrating .
 Hello Earth , Hello Earth . This is ` Fool ' from the Planet Drool . Can you hear me ? Let me tell you about this movie . I basically dove into it expecting the comedy of George Lopez under the fine direction of Robert Rodriguez . It did n't happen however , due to the fact that the movie was artificially pumped up with trailer promises and later deflated by a script that was probably reworked from something Roger Corman threw away outside the studio.To begin , am I the only person here on this planet who can see that the storyline is totally lifted from `` THE NEVERENDING STORY '' ? Note the following similarities between this movie and Wolfgang Petersen 's work
 I bought this movie for my 7 year-old daughter for Christmas after she talked about it for months . And since receiving it in her Christmas stocking 3 days ago , I have seen it over a dozen times . The truth is , it gets worse every time I see it . I have to say , the movie itself -LRB- especially Planet Drool -RRB- is very pretty . The 3-D does n't work well at all and actually makes the movie less colorful . We discarded the glasses after the first 3 minutes of the first showing . The acting is terrible and there are huge plot gaps . Most of the movie does n't even make sense , although I like the idea . Even though it has been constantly playing in my house for 3 days , I 've never seen it all the way through because it does not hold my attention.Despite all of this , my daughter adores this movie and has n't stopped talking about it . What can I say ?
 The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl is a weird movie . If I didnt know any better I would 've thought someone wrote this while they were stoned . It 's all over the map , but I guess that 's ok if you 're 7 years old . The kids ' acting is horrible and makes you cringe . Lopez is the only good part of the whole movie . I wanted more from Rodriguez .
 There are some movies that appeal to both kid 's and adults . This is not one of them.This movie manages to be both an awful kid 's movie and one of the worst superhero movies ever made . Resembles a bad video game . yawn .
 This movie was not very good , in my opinon.Although it had a good message , the acting could use improving . Also , the word ` dream ' was used about 190 times throughout the whole movie . I do n't think that kids over 13 will enjoy this movie very much .
 A Kid 's Review , This UMD IS the 3-d Version . It comes with 4 pairs of 3-d glasses .
 The product description very clearly states this product comes with four pair of the type of 3D glasses you need to view this movie -LRB- the red/blue kind -RRB- . I figured they would package in four very cheap pair of cardboard glasses . There were no glasses at all.The movie is fun , but buy it from someone else . There are other , better , sellers here on Amazon .
 This movie is horrible on every filmmaking level . This movie has no hint of good acting . The script is worse . The 3-D does n't help . Go to Blockbuster or Netflix and rent a Disney classic like Pinocchio , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , Dumbo , or Bambi . Do n't listen to those stupid kid 's reviews that say this movie is great . Most kids will say a movie is great . Listen to a 13 year old . My father FELL ASPLEEP during the movie . It is bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad , and bad . Do not take your kids to see it .
 Most made for kid movies are still sort of fun for adults . Not this one . It is painful to watch , the story is stupid , the acting is bad the animation is weak , the ideas are bad . I ca n't understand how a movie this bad ever got made.Don ' t see it , do n't rent it , do n't buy the DVD .
 My cousin rented this movie and after a long time finally convinced me to see it . it was horrible never in my life have i been so disgusted with a movie . i felt like smashing the movie but the dudes at movie gallery would get mad and i do n't wan na pay a fine ... all in all this is a dumb movie with blah effects and a horrible plot . and no i 'm not a 17 year old just making fun of this movie cuz it 's kiddy i 'm 13 and i 'm being * # $ % ing honest . this movie is pathetic .
 Good god I did n't like it . I thought it would be cool but it was n't . The special effects are really corny and dumb . You did n't miss out anything on the 3D because I did n't see anything realistic with it . My advice do n't waste your money on this . I 'm 13 years old and if I were 8 I would probably like it but now that I 'm 13 I think it 's the dumbest movie ever . Spy Kids was okay but this was stupid . Please do not see it !
 As a Marriage and Family Therapist , I do NOT recommend this movie if your child is under 7 years of age . Developmentally , they are unable to distinguish between fantasy and reality and this movie really confuses the issue if you have a kid already struggling with nightmares/bad dreams . Probably an ok pick for a slighly older child.Also - you REALLY need the 3D glasses if you 're going to watch the movie properly . We were n't able to play it in 2D mode and the picture quality is very poor without 3D glasses .
 EVERY THING THE OTHER REVIEW AND MORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! OW YEH SAME WITH THE STAR SITUATION !!!!!!!! 1 OH YEH I LIKE BIG BUTS AND I CAN NOT LIE YOU OTHER BROTHERS CANT DENIGH WHEN THAT GIRL WALKS IN WITH THAT IDDBITTY WASTE AND THAT ROUND THING IN YOU FACE YOU GET FEALLINGS . HI CAMERON
 This is a stupid movie.First of all sharks ca n't talk , electricity ca n't talk , when you break through windows those kind of windows you die , ice suclupsures ca n't talk , etc.I 'm not going to say anything else because it would take me an hour to finsh the things that do n't make sense.Also Talor Lauther stinks too .
 I like Sorbo and some parts have some good dry humur , but I should have rented it first to check it out . If you are a B movie collector or a spagetti western collector this is a good choice .
 Do n't waste your time and money with this.An insominiac would have a hard time staying awake with this HBO disappointment .
 The good news is that the run time is 40 minutes . I have been searching for a French Impressionist dvd appropriate for the classroom , but many are too long and would require copious fast forwarding to limit the viewing time to 45 to 60 minutes.The bad news is that there are several Manet nudes , which does not bother me , but it does make this dvd unacceptable for my fifth and sixth grade French class . However , it will work nicely for my all female H.S. French I class.The ugly part is that the images of the art are not very clear , even in comparison to a regular dvd format . Which means we are talking leagues apart from HD ! Also , the pronunciation of the French names in English by the narrator are poor . I will have to teach my students the correct way to say words like `` musee '' which the narrator says like `` moo-zay '' instead of the correct `` mew-zay '' . The French narrator who reads the captions to the paintings is very good , obviously a native speaker.All in all , I would say the historical information is good and the dvd moves along at a very fast clip . The students will have to pay attention to keep from missing something -LRB- like the nudes in the Manet paintings ! -RRB- Botttom line
 The majesty of the USS Missouri is an awesome spectacle to behold , for it is not only just a beautiful ship , -LRB- all of the Iowa Class battleships are beautiful -RRB- , it is one of the last vestiges of an era when not only size mattered , but the power it projected brought belligerent nations to their knees . I love the battleships , but this video does little to show me what they did , or what they could have done . Instead of having professional people display this magnificient ship throughout , the video rambles on with former crewmen acting as tour guides , and although these former crewmen are loyal Missouri buffs , their interrupted style of narration becomes labored , unprofessional , and about as boring as reading a Navy technical manual . I found myself yawning about a quarter of the way into the video , and after watching the first segment I had to turn it off as it was very boring . Save your money for a trip to Pearl Harbor to see Might Mo , and you 'll get a better appreciation for the ship rather than watching this video .
 This is another Sophia Loren classic poorly served by an outrageously mediocre print
 I do n't have to reiterate the comic genius of Richard Pryor , but it is also a reality that the material of gifted talented artists can not be manipulated or edited because it destroys the very essence of the talent , and whats left is only a very poor representation of the gift itself . Thats what NBC did in this case . Clearly Richard was too `` raw '' for TV in the 1970s , and so this should have never been attempted . The failure of the show , when Richard himself cancelled it out of frustration , only confirmed this . The only good episode was the `` Richard Pryor Special '' which is not included with Vol 1 or 2 . True Pryor fans will only be disappointed with these DVDs ... I know I was , and I have been a fan his entire career . Better off buying his `` Live '' concerts which are classics !
 Ouija-nator Kevin Tenney hands over the directorial reins and takes a co-writer credit in a lousy film that will hopefully end this little series . Once again , if you have not seen the first two entries , do not worry , this film has nothing to do with them.Brian -LRB- David Nerman -RRB- is a recently fired stock broker . He and his beautiful wife Julie -LRB- Locky Lambert -RRB- move into an apartment in a gothic building in order to save costs while Brian job hunts . Immediately , he meets eccentric landlord Francis -LRB- Cedric Smith -RRB- , who has a strange collection of fertility artifacts and a fascination with the Ouija . He confides to Brian that he made his money by consulting the board on commodities purchases . Brian dabbles , makes some scratch , and is hooked on the nice old man.We find out Julie is a most unlikely cultural anthropology professor . She has a cute best friend , Lisa -LRB- Donna Sarrasin -RRB- , and confides in her often . One pleasant afternoon , Francis gives Brian an old ring , tells him he always wanted children , then throws himself off a balcony , impaling himself on an ornate gateway . At his funeral , Francis ' crazy ex-wife bursts in and desecrates the corpse to `` make sure he is dead . `` So far , so good . We have a couple of gory scenes , and even a sex scene thrown in at the beginning ... and then everything goes downhill.Brian steals the Ouija board and borrows money from a shady money launderer for his next Ouija-inspired purchase . He thinks the board is wrong , and can not pay the man back . Before Brian can tell him about the board , the crook is attacked by his own butterfly collection in an inspired but poorly realized scene . Later , Brian tries to burn the Ouija but is killed by the board . His spirit is trapped in a mirror and Francis ' now evil spirit inhabits Brian 's body , all in an effort to get Julie pregnant.Evil Brian brings many of Francis ' old things into his apartment , including mirrors that Good Brian can use to watch Julie . Soon , Evil Brian begins to change , much to Julie 's consternation . He wants to get her pregnant , she refuses , and he makes the demon moves on Lisa . Finally , Good Brian gets Lisa to see Francis ' crazy ex-wife , who tells them how to defeat Evil Brian in a goofy finale , involving the old ring , a crossbow , and bad special effects.As with all the `` Witchboard '' films , the cast tries to work material that just is not there . Too many questions remain . Why did Francis pick Julie of all people ? Why did Evil Brian/Francis bring all of Francis ' old stuff into the apartment , knowing Good Brian would be able to communicate with Julie ? The main villain is a demon , but not much more is given about who he is or where he came from . Julie is a anthropology professor , but this knowledge adds nothing to the plot . She recognizes some of the dead landlord 's pieces , but that is all . The only previous knowledge that helps her defeat the villain involves an allergy to shrimp ... do n't ask.Svatek 's cinematography is mostly earth hues , setting off the bloody scenes . He also must rely on some really cheesy computer animated effects -LRB- like morphing -RRB- , and reverse filming . The butterfly collection attack probably looked great on paper , but the budget is not there to make it convincing to the audience . The Ouija board here is the best looking of the series , black and gothic.All in all , this entry is the worst of the three films . It came out in 1995 , and there have not been any `` Witchboard '' monikered films since . Of course , as long as Tenney is still working in Hollywood , there is probably a germ of an idea somewhere . That is one germ I hope does not spread . I do not recommend this.This is rated -LRB- R -RRB- for strong physical violence , mild sexual violence , gore , strong profanity , strong female nudity , strong sexual content , sexual references , and adult situations .
 this movie stinks so bad , that i saw it over a year ago and i can still smell it ! P U !!! \ AVOID !!!!
 this movie is very bad it is n't scary unless you are trying to find out why it was made . What ever happened to real suspence ? we need another hitchcock !
 this movie stinks so bad , that i saw it over a year ago and i can still smell it ! P U !!! \ AVOID !!!!
 I have not received this item yet and was wondering where it was . Im very disapointed as I alway receive them on time please send this asap
 Disc one had something spilled on it and skipped and pixilated until I washed it . This final season discs display episodes differently , only showing three to choose from - you have to select ` next ' to find the last two . I thought they had been omitted somehow .
 I was so excited to get this DVD set - a wonderful series and a great price . However , when I received it , I discovered that the first disc was unreadable in my computer and several other DVD players . The sellers have not been especially cooperative in the return process and I was n't very happy all around . Would n't recommend .
 A good bad film is a thing to treasure , as with this dark gem that shows character actor Ronald Lacey years before he stalked the screen as the Nazi interrogator in Raiders of the Lost Ark. . However , this has ten minutes of the original footage edited out and it spoils the whole thing . To discuss it further is pointless . I have heard similar treatment has struck some classic Hammer films as they made their way here . I am very disappointed .
 CRUCIBLE OF TERROR is perhaps more notable for its lead actor 's ties to the occult than for the film , itself . In it , a mad sculptor attempts to transubstantiate the souls of the dead into the bodies of the living using an ancient form of magic . Radio DJ Mike Raven plays the eccentric artist Victor Clare , with an overstated performance that is far too silly to even be mistaken as camp . His ultimate goal in transferring souls is never fully realized nor explained at any point throughout the film . A seemingly uncorrelated slasher element is also added to the meandering plot in an attempt to keep up the pace , but the preposterous murders , the ease with which the other characters dismiss them , and the poorly constructed reveal in the end make little sense at all . Ted Hooker 's confused take on the basic HOUSE OF WAX premise inevitably fails to shock , frighten , or disturb , and can only be enjoyed for its brief moments of gore and unintentionally humor in an otherwise unforgivable production.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 The movie supposedly got an X rating on it release , but it should be rated pg 13 it has no nudity few killing with little gore . Besides that the movie moves real slow and it has no erotic feel to it . I rate it two stars because the acting was descent but not good enought to save this movie it 's not worth buying .
 No , I 'm serious - I ca n't remember . I 'm interested in certain kinds of horror films -LRB- Universal through to Hammer -RRB- , but they either have to have some good qualities , or be so thoroughly bad that they become collectable for their brazen cheek or tongue-in-cheek self awareness . This film has neither , it 's just a somewhat boring not very good British genre horror pic . The plot makes no sense , much of the acting is just plain amateurish -LRB- but not bad enough to be enjoyable -RRB- and the whole thing seems completely pointless . The DVD transfer seems fine , but - why bother ? -LSB- 2 stars , because it 's not good enough to get 1 star ! -RSB-
 This show sucks ! We were really psyched about it and different nights we would continue watching , but it just became a huge disappointment . My boyfriend didnt even want to watch it anymore , and we dont have tv reception to watch anyting else ! We really like the Ghost Adventures show , but this does not even compare . Just show after show , nothing at all happens ! so boring ! so futile ! come on !!!! make a show that is entertaining , interesting and believable!what I love about Ghost Adventures is the scenery and HISTORY !!!!!!!!!!!! I would love to see a well-done show on the legends and take us to the sites and explore , entertain , and just go off forever telling us and showing us the history !!!!!!!!!! PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! that 's why it was so cool because it really was TRAVEL with Ghost Adventures!and please go to LOTS of new sites !!!!!!!!! Every town has ghost legends ! On Ghost Adventures please go to New Orleans and do lots of shows there ! Go to all the places listed in Weird New Jersey and Weird Pennsylvania and all the Weird books ! go to England and Transylvania ! and all around the world ! and all the churches and graveyards and vanishing hitch-hiker spots !!!!! what about New York City !!!!! Come on I just want to see cool places and hear the lore !!!!!! Scrap this freakin ' show and go back to your well-done Ghost Adventures !!!!!! with way more cool places !!!!! reaearch explore tell us history !!!!! there are a bunch of places haunted in Pittsburgh , pA , and the Southern Alleghenies , places where there were Native American attacks and scalpings all over this land !!!!!!!! come on !!!!!!! show us history !
 Well ... this was an interesting show and experience ... like the other posts on here , this is written by a contestant . I give this show 2 stars ... 1 for the free trip to Rolling Hills ... and 1 more for introducing us to Jordan Murphy ... . other than that , it was a pretty trainwreck
 Some great players . Excellent sax work by Kirk Whalum , earlier in his illustrious career.Poor quality video and audio but the performance is from 1985 so it 's understandable.A short set of 5 tunes.I should have checked Netflix first as it 's worth a viewing , but not a purchase .
 It is unfortunate that film writers and directors think they can improve on a true story by adding a substantial amount of fictional material and changing some the events as they actually occurred . I am always hopeful when a new Bible or historical film comes out that it will combine biblical/historical accuracy with modern technology . This film had the technology , but strayed considerably from the biblical text and the historical events.If you want to learn the real story of Paul , you should watch either `` The Visual Bible '' series on `` Acts , '' which is word for word from the Bible , or watch the `` Peter and Paul '' film in which Anthony Hopkins plays Paul . Both of these films are considerably more accurate than `` Paul , the Apostle . ''
 I was very anxious to view this film on the life of Paul the Apostle . However , after just a few minutes of viewing I shook my head in disbelief . This film strays greatly away from Biblical accuracy . If you are unfamiliar with the Bible you may still have problems with production quality . The Foley work and re-recording mixing are terrible and quite a few times when a scene makes a transition ; there are digital artifacts which is distracting . Overall this film was a waste of time and a big waste of studio money while only fulfilling a contract .
 It purports to be the life of Paul the apostle . It opens with him involved in a loin-cloth wrestling match with a priest . The Pharisees were called that because they `` separated '' themselves from the Hellenism being forced upon the Jews by their Gentile rulers . The point is that Saul would never have been involved in Greco-Roman wrestling . PERIOD.Then we have the two men -LRB- Saul and the Priest , Reuben - a totally extra-biblical fictitious character -RRB- shown being washed down in the nude in a Roman style bath house . Again , the Torah , which Saul adhered to religiously , condemned in the strongest possible terms looking upon the nakedness of another man.Reuben is shown being the one that pushes Saul into destroying the church . Again , the text of scripture does n't matter , for their it is PAUL that says that he laid waste of the church and breathed out threatenings and slaughter against the church.The movie shows Barnabas `` sprinkling '' Paul - not baptizing -LRB- immersing -RRB- him , when the Text of Scripture says it was Ananias that did it.Their is no mention of Mark or his turning back so the writers of the script are forced to have Paul and Barnabas argue over Paul 's desire to preach in Rome as the basis of their separation.No Silas on Paul 's Second and Third Missions ; No Timothy ... EVER . No Titus ; No Apollos ... No , NO , NOOOO !!! James is said to have `` known Jesus for a long time '' rather than it saying , as the Text of Scripture does , that he is Jesus ' brother.Why not just call the movie `` Frank , the fictitious Apostle ?!?! '' At least that would be closer to the text of scripture .
 Any movie about Paul that begins with him in a wrestling ring has some serious Biblical issues . I felt it to be a mockery , seemingly made by a skeptic . I 'm a huge fan of the other movies in the Bible Collection , but this one missed the mark , seemingly intentionally .
 The acting is good , but this video tells a different record of the apostle Paul 's experiences . It features an imaginary movie plot that twists the gospel record to the extent that Paul 's nephew who alerts a Roman official of a plot to kill Paul , is switched to a young woman . Makes good , action entertainment perhaps , but portrays little of Paul 's zeal for the gospel he so fiercely preached and died for .
 Screen writers have a responsibility to write historical films based on fact or fiction drawn from the imagination . Movie fans will appreciate one or the other . This film is fiction posing as historical fact . It is misleading and dishonest .
 I was not happy to see that the movie had nudity in the first minutes . I was showing it to my 1st graders for Bible . Who woulda thought that a movie about Paul would have that in it ... : -LRB-
 It is a shame that Robert Young did not name this film `` Paul in wonderland '' , or anything else except claiming it is a true Bible story . It has the best acting of the entire series , but it has nothing to do with the Apostle Paul . There is no way that anyone who believes in the Bible would show this movie to anyone else , in fear that they would be spreading a lie . There are many false messages in the entire Bible Collection films , but this one is false from the beginning to the end . It is very sad to me that if anyone who participated in any of these films ever becomes a christian , they will have this yoke following them for the rest of their lives .
 Title by title , I finally got the entire Bible Collection . Most have been pretty good , but not this one . First , the actor picked to play Paul is a `` hunk '' . Paul is reputed to be kind of homely . Some scenes were so long & there was a good amount of bloodshead . Yes , the Romans were vicious , but some scenes , it seemed were there just for `` shock & awe '' . For example , in one scene , we are told by the character dialoge that Paul had been released from a prison he was in by God . Herod Antipas went to the prision and asked the guards who was guarding Paul & who was at the prison entrance . Four guards stepped forward & Herod ordered one guard to kill the other , or the other would kill him . The guard stabbed him in the abdomen . ahe did that to another pair & finally , two remaining were ordered to kill a fifth guard - presumably Herod did this just because he could . There was some erotic dancing in scenes . The scene of Paul 's encounter on the road to Damascus could have been wonderful , but it was terrible - it looked as if somebody put a clouded contact lens on Paul 's eyes . Then , when Anainias went to Paul to heal him , this could have been wonderful too . In the Bible , wer 're told somthing like scales fell from Paul 's eyes . That could have been done , easily , with all the special effects Hollywood has access to . Paul made somthing like 4 journeys before he finally got to Rome . The movie ends with Paul just seeig Rome at a distance ! Most of the other titles have helped me to learn about the characters , but this one really did n't . I 'm sorry to say , I 'm really disppointed with this title & it was too darned long !
 this video is nothing more than artistic license with the Scriptures . My family was amazed at how many points we found in the Scriptures that were DIFFERENT than what was said or acted out in this film . We REALLY enjoy other parts of the Bible Collection films , such as Abraham , Jacob , Joseph , Moses , David , Solomon , Jeremiah , and Esther . BUT THIS ONE does n't deserve to be named off with the B.C. set -LRB- nor the Sampson one -RRB- . If you want to see some common yet erroneous doctrines presented , then this film wo n't bother you . The only part that was continously Biblical was the tension between the political religious parties . All else was corrupted and shoved together incorrectly . Finally , the `` artistic license '' taken where you see Saul/Paul go from being a wrestler , to the full naked backside of the characters , to a single nude breast of a woman later as her and hubby go to consumate , and the buttocks hanging out of a few others along the way ... well , it was embarassing to see such unholy material guized under a holy subject and Biblical atmosphere . Simply put , the story of Saul/Paul was `` hollywood-ized '' in this film ... great liberty was taken , inappropriately . Do n't buy if you want Biblical .
 I had high hopes for this film , but was soon disappointed . First , I think it 's important to know that THIS IS NOT A FAMILY FILM . There are three scenes with gratuitous nudity -LRB- derrieres , breasts , etc -RRB- and sexual content -LRB- a sex scene and a nearly nude Nubian dancer -RRB- . What kind of content is that to put into a religiously themed film?Second , I had many difficulties with the `` artistic license '' used by the screen writer -LRB- s -RRB- . Much of this film 's contents is not in the Bible at all , much less mentioned in the extra-Biblical knowledge we have about Paul . Needless to say , this film should NOT be used as a teaching aide any more than the film `` Pearl Harbor . `` Third , the truly dramatic moments in Paul 's life were handled very poorly . For example , the scene on the Road to Damascus could have been awsome -- if the movie had a better screen writer/director/actor ... and on and on and on . Instead , the writers and director seemed more interested in adding things folks who watch these kinds of films do n't want to see
 Very sadly I have spent 3 hours of my time to see another work made for financial reasons . The movie is absolutely unreliable . Who is Ruben ? Did a Roman general kill him on the Bible ? Ruben 's wife denounces a plot to kill Paul ??? Does he appeal to go to Rome as portrayed in the movie ??? These are just a few remarks in this work . What could be a great movie , since Paul 's story is really powerfull is actually a bunch of historical facts mixed with extra biblical material -LRB- fantasy -RRB- and antibiblical material -LRB- lies about the story -RRB- . Do n't you dare spend your money or time with this . `` Peter and Paul '' from the 80 's is more realible .
 GoodTimes ' miniseries PAUL THE APOSTLE recounts for us the story of Saul of Tarsus , the Jew from Turkey , persecutor-of-Christians-turned-believer and herald of Christ , and cross-cultural missionary to the Greco-Roman world.The film breaks in at Jerusalem , around forty days after Jesus ' resurrection . We see a Saul who at first shows sympathy toward persecuted Jesus-followers but , following ` Pentecost ' and the increasingly public proclamation made by its leaders , and compounded by pressure from a Sadducean priest named Ruben , he begins to have second thoughts and eventually changes his mind . We witness the stoning of Stephen , for which action Saul reluctantly accepts the killers ' coats , and to which he does not appear to give hearty approval -LRB- despite Luke 's statement to the contrary , if we take ` Acts ' as the source -RRB- . When Saul becomes invigorated to stamp out the new Jewish sect , he proceeds on a written order from Herod -LRB- Acts has the high priest -RRB- to Damascus . His intention
 Right off the bat , the movie made me relieved that the kids were not in the room . After a diapered Paul and fictional buddy , Reuben , finished wrestling before a chanting crowd , they hit the showers and managed to reveal their backsides . For a Bible story , this was n't exactly starting out very well . I thought that it 's got ta get better , but I ended up enduring poor acting , audio that did n't match the video at times , poor `` special effects '' , and above all a story line that seemed to view the Bible as a silent advisor -LRB- emphasis on `` silent '' -RRB- . I was coming to the realization that this movie was excruciatingly bad . The pivotal moment of overload came at the marital consumation scene of the fictional character , Reuben , and his Christian wife -LRB- whom we kind-of liked , even though she was a rather weak character -RRB- . Yes , there was a sex scene -LRB- think R-rating -RRB- in this movie and , though I was pretty offended , I am sure I was n't half as offended as Paul would be . From what I understand there is another version of this movie with this scene removed , but I 'm not sure how one might distinguish between the two versions.Pivotal miracles showing the character of Jesus and God the Father were omitted , leaving the Christians to look like a blubbering people looking for a cause and significance , but ultimately placing their hopes and faith in something with no power . If this film was intended to show the depth of transformation in Paul , and the faithfulness and love of God , it sorely missed the mark . It was wholly contrary to the character of Jesus Christ
 Do not waste your money on this video . This movie is far from the truth of God 's Word . It has a seen where the men are in something like a spa and you could see their buttocks my daughter was watching the movie with me and I had to forward it . I tried to look at it a little longer but it was so far fron the truth of the bible that i took it out and threw it in the trash . Thats what i think about the movie , trash . IF I could have given it a 0 star i would have . I feel you should make themovi accurate or do n't make it at all . This is just satans way of twisting the word of god again .
 I mainly wanted to write this review to inform you that in the 2005 version of the DVD , the nudity scenes have been removed . I did n't see any parts of the body you would n't want to see . Unfortunately amazon.com is only selling the 2004 version as of 12/2005 , but you can find it other places . Look for UPC code `` 018713502339 '' , that is the 2005 release.I 'm greatly disappointed in the previews that you see right after you start the movie that you are FORCED to view . These are not G rated previews mind you , I 've never really watched them but I saw enough to know it was LOUD , there was an image of a dead guy , a scary guy with glowing eyes , and lots of fighting/violence . You ca n't just skip over these either , the buttons to advance to the next chapter , and even go back to the main menu will not work . Best you can do is fast-forward . Terrible way to begin a biblical film!As far as the film itself , you can refer to the other reviews for the biblical inaccuracies . However , I wanted to point out one thing . The sound and video are NOT in sync , and I know it 's the DVD because I 've tried it in a few players . You hear the actors talk a split second before their mouths physically move . Throughout the entire movie you feel like you are watching a foreign film with dubbed voices . I ca n't believe something this obvious would make it to the second release of the film!Overall the film is entertaining enough , and I think the acting is OK .
 This story contains nudity and has so much fiction in it , you ca n't tell what the real story of Paul was . It does n't even deserve one star !
 we viewed it as a family , and found it to be errant in very many aspects of pauls life . the vehicle of friends alleged friends of paul , rueben and dina were not scritural , distracting , and too unbelievable as characters . segments of barnabus and pauls journey did not portray accurately pauls association as found in the book of Acts . acting was fairly poor . better to see Peter and Paul with anthony hopkins
 There is absolutely nothing good to say about this movie ! Zero ! Nada ! Nil ! It is the worst Bible-inspired movie I have ever seen and I am so disgusted with it ! Unfortunately I can not return an open item so I guess I am stuck with this useless piece of junk for the rest of my life ! But I can always throw it in the trash ! What were the producers thinking when they made this movie ? Which Bible did they base this Paul saga from ? I 'd give it a ZERO , but a `` Zero star '' was n't an option !
 I recommend never ever ever wasting your precious time on this movie.I agree with a lot of the criticism I 've read . Mostly , this just does n't follow the true story and adds to it , as well . In addition , the Christians in this movie are portrayed , it seems to me , as people who have never known Jesus , and never been transformed by the power of the Holy Spirit . It 's almost like the Gospel is some John Grisham novel they talk about but do n't take to heart - it 's not the central part of their lives.It appears that this movie was created by people who are not Christians
 Gratuitous nudity?Saul of Tarsus standing at the stoning of Stephen as a ` disturbed ' spectator , only holding the coats of the real baddies , unable to work up any vigor or genuine approval?Saul of Tarsus having a rebellious woman as one of his best friends and confidantes?Only when Saul was converted and Paul emerged and began his ministry does the movie pick up and begin to conform more to what the gospel teaches us about who Paul was.Unfortunately , Paul 's ministry was so dynamic and vast , there 's no way it can be contained to a single , 2 hour movie . The life of Paul would be better represented in a mini series.I appreciate the efforts here , but too much time was devoted to making Saul a ` sympathetic ' character and the truth of his conversion is weakened , when the Biblical reality of it is so much more .
 I know that the DVD was a used one when I ordered it . However , when I received it , I ca n't play it because too much scratches on the DVD , it froze . That 's why I had to return .
 I was very dissapointed in this video they don , t even go into detail on his work they review a lot of his watercolors but hardly any of his great oil paintings do yourself a favor avoid it .
 sorry I just like to find some classic tv western bundles without singing cowboys.especially when their epesodes are half of the bundle .100 Greatest Western Classics - Western Classics + Western Legends
 I was disappointed to find that when I received the DVDs that there are no subtitles or captions for the hearing impaired and there was no notation on the product description to that effect .
 The first Oblivion was a funny culty movie . This was not . There are n't really any redeeming qualities here . It took up the first six minutes with a summary of the movie . Everything after that was just a waste of film .
 This item is NOT a biograhy but a catalog of his works . I was very dissappointed because I was hoping it would offer insight into the MAN and his work . I guess I will have to seek that information from another source .
 I used this video when discussing victims rights and emotions . It was REALLY long with over and over again and took awhile to get to the actual `` meat '' of the video - the talk . Once there , it was good to see the interaction and the dynamic of this meeting .
 I 'll skip the usual fine print about how child molestation is not okay , but I think that 's pretty obvious.Having said that , good god -- what was the point of this endless and self-indulgent film ? These women are not interesting -LRB- and they certainly do n't know how to edit themselves -RRB- . I can understand how seeking `` closure '' -LRB- today 's de rigueur catchword -RRB- in public could provide , well , closure , but I 'm not buying this at all . I smelled lots of posturing for the camera -- three silly women , one with pigtails , plotting to show up at the guy 's house ... Giggling and wringing their hands making hang-up calls . Lots of overhyped sturm und drang about the whole setup and making the confrontation happen ... When it really was all about going to some senior center and knocking on the door . Why the build-up , other than an hour of digital video is cheap ? ... and then ... the confrontation happens ! And the movie still drags on for six lifetimes . The guy immediately apologizes and asks what he can do . She wrings her hand and shakes her pigtails and coyly makes side glances at the camera . She does n't know . What would make you feel better ? He asks -LRB- I 'm asking this too . . what 's the point now ? -RRB- and she just does n't know.The sister and the mother go outside and hug through a blurry lens ... One or the other whines . Then the screen reads `` 20 minutes later '' and ... < drumroll > one of them is sobbing.The movie drags on further.Maybe when I wake up next her fingernails will have grown 2 millimeters , and we know that this will be chronicled . I felt a little abused here , and not just from boredom . I smell drama queen who wanted 15 hours of fame . It was n't 15 hours ? Sure felt like it .
 Being molested is obviously bad , very bad . But why make a documentary about being molested by a family friend , but be a-ok with as the filmmaker said `` we were a very open family ... i played with his -LSB- father 's -RSB- penis . '' ?
 This `` documentary '' documents a cast of women each playing their own hyped-up roles of `` victim '' . I need to clearly state that I feel for them and what happened to them was wrong . That being said , their abuse does not give them license to use this as an excuse for their behavior for the rest of their lives . 30 years later , this dominates their lives and is blamed for everything bad thing that has ever happened to them . Furthermore , this film is agonizingly slow and has too numerous faults to mention . But I 'll try :1 -RRB- Celeste and her sister , Karen , seem like legitimate victims who are out for a payday . Kind of like the legitimate victims that cry on Jerry Springer . While they may have convinced themselves and others of the nobility of bringing these revelations to the forefront , they do so for , in my opinion , less than altruistic reasons .2 -RRB- The mother perpetuates this cycle of victimhood . She enabled this abuse to occur , and only when a payday is on the horizon , seems concerned . Puh-lease ! 3 -RRB- From the start of the film , we are supposed to just aceept these girls ' recollection of events as fact . While I do not doubt that this abuse occurred in some capacity , these women seem to feed off eachother and , like `` the telephone game '' , gets a little different each time this is discussed . Which leads me to :4 -RRB- The most outrageous scene was when the women confront the ex-wife and daughter of the alleged abuser . They sit around the dinner table and feed off eachother in a frenzy of speculation of past transgressions . The ex-wife has no trouble bashing her ex-husband , the daughter does not seem to fond of her dad , the mother of the sisters explains why she is not at fault , and the two sisters bounce ideas back and forth as to who may have done what 30 years ago WITH ZERO CONSIDERATION OF THE SLIGHTEST BIT OF EVIDENCE . Most outrageously , they pick on their dead father , as he is not their to defend himself , and speculate that maybe he abused them because they found their dad 's porno stash . At the crescendo of the witch hunt , the daughter of the abuser says that since her brother is a convicted pedophile , he must have been abused by their father because `` you learn what you experience '' . I had no idea these women were forensic psychologists ! Because if they 're not , this is just five women sitting around a dinner table , bashing those who can not defend themselves and working themselves up into a frenzy with the shottiest of speculative pop psychology . I almost turned it off at this point . I wish I would have .5 -RRB- These women use this abuse to explain why they have never done anything with their lives and why they ca n't make it work with a man . While I am not discounting abuse as a psychological injury , I refuse to let these women off the hook for using this as a crutch for 30 years and never picking themselves up off the ground .6 -RRB- After they ambush ... I mean , confront , their abuser , he is contrite and expresses remorse . He has discussed this heinous act in the past and has , presumably , believed this matter to be put to rest when he was first confronted with this 30 years ago . Despite his contrition and willingness to `` do whatever '' they want as an act of contrition , it appears the real aim is to bitch at him for 30 years while never actually trying to move passed it . These women are not looking for closure , they 're looking for a crutch on which to hang all their problems and a payday.Overall , while these women were the victims of sexual abuse and such abuse is absolutely wrong , these women are hardly the poster children for how to confront their past . Save your money and your time .
 I found this video to be VERY boring and slow-moving . The abuse that the women suffered pales greatly in comparisson to the other case histories I have heard about in videos and books , not saying it wasnt a serious offense and didnt effect her greatly , but it wasnt what I expected in a video that dealt solely with her ` recovery ' and ` healing ' . The documentary was very slow moving and choppy .
 Boring women put their boring lives on display , or not , maybe that 's the problem , you really get no idea what so ever what these people are truly all about . It does seem that they pick apart and analyze the one bad event from their near-perfect vanilla lives until you just want to choke the TV . The daughters confront their childhood abuser , get no real answers , no revelations , no picture for a good portion -LRB- black screen -- only sound -RRB- ... and It clocks in with 75 minutes of lame , purposeless , tedium ... they could barely fill ... If you enjoyed Capturing The Friedman 's fast pace and deep story telling than you will be disappointed with this film .
 This documentary is the worst . Firstly these girls clearly were not only abused by this man but also by their father , which they and their mother are in 100 % denial about . Regardless of the decade this crime occurred in any mother in their right mind would do anything in their power to protect their children from harm , one parental responsibility their mother failed them on by keeping them in contact with this man and their father their whole childhood . What sick and demented adults these were . CPS should have had custody of these kids . secondly what a coward the parents were that did n't have this man arrested he is obviously a repeat offender . He showed no remorse for what he did and I believe that he honestly does n't care . The way the younger sister acted so emotionally attached to this man and then said she loved him , the only thing this documentary portrayed to me was how effed up this family is and always will be . Lastly the mother leaves by hugging the man who molested her children and by telling him that she loves the great things about him . My mother would never , I could never . What in the world is wrong with people . The only thing you can hope is that these girls do n't end up like the pathetic parents who raised them . Much more appreciative of my mother after watching this movie .
 Although Downing is a wonderful guitar player , I did n't get the sense that he really tried to teach slide technique with this video . He presented some songs , and slide factored into the presentation , but his emphasis appeared to be on right hand technique . Perhaps I missed that in the product description , but I really was looking for more of an emphasis on slide .
 `` Convention Girl '' is an interesting little movie about a Depression-era call girl -LRB- they call themselves `` hostesses '' in the film -RRB- who has basically given up on finding happiness with a guy who is n't `` in the rackets . '' Also , she 's fed up with having to deal with all the `` Good Time Charlies '' who stream through Atlantic City with endless conventions . One such group being the `` Electric Washing Machine '' salesmen 's convention , which consists mainly of pudgy old guys with bad toupees.One big shortcoming of this film is the fact that it was shot on location in Atlantic City , but very little of the boardwalk attractions are shown . Out of the almost 70 minutes running time , only about 10 minutes center around the fun , carnival-like attractions of that era.I would have given this film a three star rating , except for the dismal quality of the DVD itself . The picture and sound are awful . The picture is often out of focus , and goes from washed out to too dark . Then the sound of the film is very low , muffled , and flat . Turning up the sound on your TV to full volumne and then having to stain to make out the dialogue is the only way to get through this film . The whole experience is hardly worth it.Once again , Alpha has put more time and effort into designing a pretty , colorful DVD case , and what appears to be little time in the presentation of a watchable movie inside the case . This is sad , considering that so many film fans depend on Alpha for a steady diet of hard-to-find movies .
 This was an interesting B movie but the print used is really bad . Lighting levels jump from bright to so dark you can not see the actors . In the first twenty minutes of the film almost every scene would run about 5 seconds and then start over again.Shemp Howard 's part is over blown as he is only on camera for a few minutes but it was interesting to see him as a bad guy and not the Stooge I 've always known him.There was an interesting set of scenes at the boardwalk showing some of the attractions from the mid-30 's in Atlantic City , NJ . These and the other shots showing life at the resort city were the best reasons to watch this film .
 One star is generous , and that only because the DVD was cheap -- they would cut to reenactors doing their lanquid , Sunday-picnic interpretations of a Civil War battle . No real battle analysis and no terrain maps or troop dispositions . No sense of the battle , how it was engaged , how it developed and how it earned Lincoln 's 256 words . Unless you were an extra , and vanity compels you to own this product , save your $ .
 Just a collage of prints , photo 's and narrative . Basic info of the battle and few of the major leaders . Not very impressive or informative .
 The description on the movie jacket is totally misleading . It is not thrilling and it is not terrifying . The only scene of Venice you will see is St. Mark 's Square . All-star cast ? Yup , and I suppose they made the best of it , but then if I was paid big bucks to spend some time in Venice I would too ... A horrible movie ! A waste of 1hr . 51minutes .
 Mike Figgis has previously directed two great movies . `` Leaving Las Vegas `` and `` The Loss of Sexual Innocence '' . Even though I browsed past the Amazon reviews and had seen that the movie was not well liked , I decided to risk it and watch it anyway . This is a bad movie . It 's that simple ... It is truly a piece of s * it . I ca n't say there is a good thing about it . And it 's not just the cinematography that 's bothersome . In fact , it was good of Figgis to use this kind of cinematography ... Because , believe me . A movie like this would 've been ten times worse had it been in your regular , run-of-the-mill cinematography . Now , even though I 've just completely blasted this movie ; I 'm giving it two stars just because , for a while , it was fascinating . I hated the story , but my eyes were glued to the screen for most of it . But , the story is just so stupid , half the time does n't make any sense . It 's pretty much a complete waste of actors talents . The movie 's cast is amazing though , it features John Malkovich , David Schwimmer , Rhys Ifans , Lucy Liu , Salma Hayek , Danny Huston , Jason Isaacs , and Burt Reynolds . Much of the dialogue is improvised -LRB- which is n't obvious , oddly enough -RRB- , the actors are waering little to no makeup , and well ... How the hell do you even explain this kind of movie ? I guess if you were to give it a synopsis , it would be
 Good try , but I doubt if this oneeven sat well with the Arthouse crowd.This movie is obnoxious and strange.I do n't dislike it for that reasonalone . It 's uneven , mostly boring , and hastoo much dialogue about absolutely nothing.The cinematography is dizzying -LRB- in an annoyingway -RRB- and the characters are flat corpses , even before they 're killed.And where is all the alleged eroticism?With so much of nothing going on in thisfilm it would be very easy to miss -LRB- However , the `` Milk '' scene is definitely worthy ofan eyebrow raise -RRB- . My biggest surprise is how in the worlddid they manage to get so many notableactors to appear in this horrible film.For Christ 's sake , Burt Reynold pops upout of nowhere , and Lucy Liu even waltzesin towards the end.Don ' t let the hip casting fool you , this movie is a waste . In fact , I nominate `` Hotel '' as the first movie on Amazon toreceive a negative rating .
 Amazon should perhaps consider minus-star ratings . I hope I shall never see a worse movie . This mess lost me about 20 IQ points . Without a doubt , the worst film I 've ever suffered through . However , it 's David Schwimmer 's best performance . Amazon
 heh ... the words on the jacket
 The `` Special Features '' section said this movie had no script . That explains but does n't excuse it .
 Talk about a waste of money , I 'm still mad that I wasted $ 4.19 to rent this theme-bloated , overcooked/overthought , forgetful disaster of a flick . Sure it has the cast-names to fatten up the dvd jacket , sure it 's got the critics ' quotes , sure it claims to be an `` erotically charged thriller '' , but caveat emptor
 This is quite possibly the worst movie I 've ever seen . It 's a shame there was no time given to character development . It seems as if the producer/director just wanted to get a lot of big name stars to star in it rather than expanding on a few individual characters . This movie was actually more enjoyable watching it in 2x or 4x speed with the added bonus the movie is over much quicker
 Wow , I made myself watch this movie to give myself a reason , hopefully by the end , a plot . Wanting it to have had a message at least . The longer I watched the madder I got at myself . It made me think of a long bad dream .
 At the 2003 NoDance Film Festival in Park City , Utah , director Mike Figgis was honored as a pioneer , a Hollywood somebody who was using Digital Video to create `` groundbreaking '' new cinema . Shown at the festival were his critically-acclaimed `` Timecode , '' and `` Hotel , '' his new DV movie for which he was seeking distribution . In late 2004 , when seeing `` Hotel '' for the first time , I realized exactly why it took him so long to secure distribution for it.To call `` Hotel '' a monstrosity is being too kind . This film exists on a level of bad that is rarely stooped to , even by accident . Many critics will say that Figgis is doing something daring , something rarely attempted by established Hollywood directors . He 's taken these little DV cameras , thrown the common Hollywood book of rules away , and ran wild . Breaking the rules is always a great thing to do in order to explore new territory . However , there 's a reason that some of those rules exist , and that 's to prevent you from making a horrible mistake . `` Hotel '' is a horrible mistake.THE GOOD : - Kink . `` Hotel '' has its share of kinky , erotic moments that are n't without merit . For instance , an interesting little breasts-in-glasses-of-milk scene , and an interesting `` let 's tie up Valeria Golino and do nasty things to her '' scene . - Concept . The idea of a group of filmmakers checking into a hotel where guests are killed an eaten has been done before , but is still an interesting idea for a horror film . Unfortunately , `` Hotel '' is not horror , just horrible.THE BAD : - Dogme ' 95 . For those of you who do n't know , a Dogme film is one which is shot on video , shaky handheld , out in public , with no lighting and , generally , no script . Much of `` Hotel '' is shot in the Dogme style . It 's `` Improv Filmmaking . '' And I hate it with a passion . Dogme films have become the `` expected . '' When someone says `` DV Movie , '' an image is instantly conjured up
 This really should have zero stars . A waste of film and people who should have had better sense than to appear in this fiasco .
 I tried and tried , but never got passed the first 10 or 15 minutes of this film , could not take it , had to turn it off every time , movie theaters and video stores should refound the fee when the film is this bad .
 Sort of reminiscent of 1970 's Myra Breckenridge -LRB- starring Raquel Welch , Mae West , John Huston , Farrah Fawcett and Rex Reed -RRB- Or Skidoo ? -LRB- starring Jackie Gleason , Carol Channing , Frankie Avalon , Fred Clark , Michael Constantine , Frank Gorshin , John Phillip Law , Peter Lawford , Burgess Meredith , George Raft , Cesar Romero , Mickey Rooney and Groucho Marx -RRB- I suppose Myra Breckinridge is worse in that it was probably actually scripted , which I 'm guessing this was not , very much . I support experiments , and that always must include failures , which this is . There are some pretty unintentionally hilarious scenes , Burt Reynolds and his Flamenco Team -LRB- ? -RRB- watching a doctor examine the hysterical coma victim get ... tested by his sexy nurse assistant in sunglasses by poking his nose with a pen ? Mind you , this is not a comedy . Anyway , bravo to brave actors , and brave experiments , but maybe this really should not have actually gotten released ? Not a good watch , even for making fun of , really . Ouch !
 I ordered `` Hotel '' advertising Max Beasley as the star . . I received a different `` Hotel '' starring Burt Reynolds . Very disappointed !
 One of the most bizarre things about this film is the all star cast . How could they appear in this movie ? It is one of the stupidest things I have ever seen . I am embarrassed for them . This move is not thrilling , not engaging , not entertaining . Boring . Imbecilic . This film is about as appealing as dog-do on my shoe . The jacket description is totally misleading . Thank God I got this one in the bargain box . $ 4.00 is still too much to pay for this . I pity anyone who has purchased this at Amazon 's current price .
 What a let down . Like a bad home video . Painful . Send them your address so they can pay you . Bad on every level . Collaborations are always dangerous . Save your money . Go buy a box of Special K instead .
 We can not get into watching this movie . it is to convoluted to keep up with . Should have a negative rating system for this one .
 This is a badly filmed and scripted work . A bore infact . The actors are good enough . I suppose they do what they 're told . They are not to blame . Whoever made this film though should be working in a bloody hotel , cleaning door handles or something . If you want to watch something good , then watch a Danish film .
 Imagine if you gave your comic-book-loving , video-game-playing , porn-sneaking 13-year-old nephew eleven million dollars to make a movie with -- I suspect `` Hotel '' is pretty much what he 'd come up with , if he had blackmail material on people like John Malkovich and Selma Hayek and pointless pretensions to intellectualism.Mike Figgis apparently eschewed a formal script for this piece o ' cra -- er , project . Gee , I would never have guessed ! Maybe that has something to do with the complete absence of any discernible plot . What it does have is plenty of stupid gimmicks like split-screen viewing and use of infra-red filters . Ooh ! Like , cool , man , lem me hold that thing!Here 's a tip
 I love the movie -LRB- watch it every time it is on TV -RRB- but the DVD was bad
 Out of the performances , Richa Pallod impresses . She is a young in the industry , but she makes the film watchable to a certain extent . Rakesh Bapat is improving and complements his co-star well . The veteran actors are wasted and the rest of the cast are average tv serial stars.Music by Nikhil-Vinay is average . There is a song after every 5 minutes , and this slackens the pace of an already slow film . The comedy track is also quite lame and amateurish .
 The second DVD of the set was identical , REQUESTED the shipper send me the second DVD in return , no response . Even with follow up e mails.Ended up paying for 2 DVDs but only receiving the same DVD twice , even though the second DVD is marked second DVD .
 Despite good acting and a couple of amusingly realistic interactions between the characters , this tale of a young Argentine woman who returns from Buenos Aires to her hometown of Parana , sells her parents ' house , attends a school reunion and then seeks to reunite with a former boyfriend is extremely uninvolving . The film drags and you never feel sympathy towards Ana , the protagonist.That is , until the movie 's sole highlight
 Frankly , this movie is about as interesting as picking a stranger and following him or her around for a few days , just observing what they do . To make it a bit more interesting , say you followed this person on their vacation . That 's it . The only reason I bought this movie is because the DVD cover says it is about a young woman who coaches a young boy on how to behave with girls . -LSB- I am fairly sure that I have the world 's largest privately owned DVD collection of movies dealing with children and teens - over 4000 so far . -RSB- However , that segment is so short in comparison to the rest of the movie , it ca n't really be said that is what the story is mostly about.The one good aspect of the movie is that much of the acting is so natural that one could think it really was a secretly filmed conversation between two people . For this quality , it could be studied by acting students .
 it was hard to watch because nothing happened , i had to take a break from it and finish watching it later on , very boring i am from argentina , and like to hear the language and the look at the countryside , that was the only reason i saw it till the end , there was no plot , like home movies
 I was excited to receive this movie yesterday so i quickly popped it in the dvd player and watched it to it 's conclusion.I thought it might pick up sometime in the middle of the flick.But to my dismay it just dragged on for the entire length of the movie.This would ` nt be good as a rental.This useless piece of celuloid was about as much fun as a prostate exam.P.S . If i should ever run out of toilet tissue at home , i can always use this DVD to remedy the problem.If you need more info just e-mail me at nuyorican812@yahoo.com
 While the product did arrive in an excellent time frame , when it arrived one of the discs was loose in the case . That same disc skipped so I ended up having to buy a new one from a local retailer .
 As much as I love HIMYM , I have to give this 1 star because of of the problems it gives me when I try to run it . Looks like others are having the same problems with the blu ray version , I 'm reporting about the DVD version.When I popped disc 1 in my PS3 , it started making a loud humming noise like as if the disc reader went into overdrive , I did n't even attempt to play it . I took it out and tried it again , once again loud humming noise . Not cool.I put it in my PC and tried to run it with Media Player Classic , and it loads the 20th century part but scrambled , then shuts down with a error msg Copy Protect-Fail . Got it to run fine using the latest Windows Media Player thankfully .
 This was shipped to an address , twice , that we have moved from , and I have yet to receive anything . I will have a hard time buying from amazon again .
 the case was broken and disc flopping around inside case . the show is good had some glitching in couple episodes do n't know if it 's the discs or just my player processor acting up on the couple of spots .
 This Korean edition is terrible . The original German soundtrack does n't even match the actors ' lip movements . Entire scenes are missing such as most of the duel sequence . The English subtitles have errors in them . Save your money .
 The actors are excellent and the movie gives what seems to be a good presentation of life at the beginning of the 20th century in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.However , there is little connection between the real story of Colonel Redl 's betrayal as a Russian spy and the confusing plot of this movie.The real story , entirely missed by the script , was that Redl had modernized Austrian counter-espionage techniques , and , ironically was in the end caught by a colleague who had been trained by himself . What goes around , comes around ... You 'll learn more about this story on Wikipedia . Why the movie makers decided to screw up a good plot , we 'll never know .
 Alright I 'm a big fan of the guy , but Phenomena just did n't impress me . The acting was pretty bad , the story just does n't make much sense , not a lot of his cool shots , not a lot of gore until the end and it has a monkey smarter then everybody else . But there was a couple of cool scenes throughout the film . I guess the story was my main problem , just did n't buy it , but it might be your cup of tea .
 What if Dario Argento became so out of his mind he wanted to direct a ` Wonderful World of Disney ' special but keep the slasher trimmings he holds so near and dear to his heart ? Well , the result would be `` Phenomena , '' a dull-as-a-rusty-razor inductee in Argento 's ` Three Blunders ' trilogy -LRB- `` Inferno '' and `` Phantom of the Opera '' are the others -RRB- . The movie , which has aspects that are pretty interchangeable with Argento 's previous -LRB- and better -RRB- shocker , `` Suspiria , '' revolves around Jennifer Corvino -LRB- Jennifer Connelly , in the Jessica Harper role -RRB- , the daughter of a movie star who is sent to a foreboding Swiss boarding school . Oh , and did I mention there 's a killer lurking in the shadows ? Jennifer quickly bonds with her roommate , but is n't accepted by the other girls , perhaps because she has the uncanny ability to communicate with the insect world -LRB- no , I 'm being serious here -RRB- . She 's befriended by an entomologist -LRB- Donald Pleasence -RRB- with a pet monkey , and is ultimately drafted to uncover the murderer with the help of her creepy-crawly buddies.When I purchased `` Phenomena , '' I thought there was no way it could miss . Being a fan of Argento 's previous films I expected something of quality , something that would blow my mind . Well , all I can say is that this movie just is n't very good , and certainly not up to snuff with `` Suspiria , '' `` Tenebrae , '' `` Deep Red , '' or even `` Trauma . '' Jennifer Connelly may have been a find at the time , but this film was not to be her best work -LRB- check out `` Dark City '' or `` Requiem for a Dream '' instead -RRB- ; in addition , Donald Pleasance seems bored to death by the gratuitous chattiness of the script -LRB- at least John Carpenter did n't pad out the scares in `` Halloween '' with droning dialogue scenes -RRB- . The newly-remastered Anchor Bay edition of `` Phenomena '' looks and sounds great and even has a lot of extras tacked on at the end . When the film was released in the States as `` Creepers , '' over 20 minutes were cut by the distributor , and those are restored here , but it really is n't to the film 's advantage . While possibly passable at 82 minutes , `` Phenomena '' becomes damn near intolerable at close to 120 , especially when you consider you could be watching one of Argento 's GOOD films . The only saving grace is the last act , which takes place in an eerie , isolated mansion ; there is a thrilling confrontation with the bizarre murderer ... but things turn unbelievable -LRB- even for an Argento film -RRB- when not one , not two , but THREE characters show up in the same place , at the same time , just as a sheer coincidence . Come on.As much as I 'm bashing it , `` Phenomena '' is NOT the worst film Dario Argento has made , but it certainly is n't very good . It 's lightweight enough to perhaps convert someone who 's grown tired of the `` Scream '' films , but other than that there 's not much to entice the viewer . It may be `` Uncut and Uncensored ! '' but it 's also more bloated than a beached whale .
 Occasionally I watch a gross-out horror movie , if I like the actor and it has high reviews . I tend to forget that the high reviews always come from horror fans.And I have yet to see such a movie that was really good by ordinary film standards . This is no exception . Basically the story and logic is sacrificed for cheap horror effects , like maggot-eaten faces.The one good thing about it is Jennifer Connelly , who even at this tender age was the prettiest thing on two legs .
 Sometimes i think that people are given money just so that they can be weird-movie makers , especially . I was highly disappointed . This freakish movie had a flimsy plot , not to mention an unbelieveably stupid ending . It starts with serial killing and ends on an off-balanced tangent . Although i understand the strands that they tried to pull together to get their ending-IT WAS STUPID . Try and imagine a mixture of `` forensic detectives '' and `` Friday the Thirteenth-part any '' , without the good slasher characteristics . An `` artwork '' this is . I was highly disappointed . The star is for the unbelieveability of this story .
 hullo . ma name is donald pleasance and am in this movie as an entymologist - that means a like wee beasties and a study them n that . ave goat a wee monkey as ma nurse -LRB- dinnae wurry , she disnae gie me bedbaths or anything lik that . a point ma wee red laser light it sumthing and the wee monkey fella goes and gits it fur me -RRB- . oh aye , did a mention that am from bonnie scotland in this film ? anyway , ma wee pal jennifur is a wee marvel cause she can communicate with aw the wee beasties and they help her find cloos aboot aw the murders that r goin on . ave goat tae say that wee jennifur does a marvellous joab pullin this wan aff . so if ye like daft films an that and ye set yer sights low a think you 'll quite enjoy this guff . hoots mon , goat tae go noo as ma wee monkey needs to poo poo . see ya .
 There are mysterious disappearances of young girls in the Swiss Alps and the police have recovered a victim 's head covered with maggots . When the young Jennifer Corvino -LRB- Jennifer Connelly -RRB- arrives to the Richard Wagner Boarding School for girls , she seems to have problems adjusting and she also has a problem with sleepwalking . One night when she has woken up from her sleepwalking , she is brought to Professor John McGregor 's residence by his assistant . She finds out that Professor McGregor is an entomologist and she has an ability to communicate with insects . Together , these two skills seem to be very helpful in the search for the killer of young girls . Phenomena is a film that looses its audience due to its weak story , but might keep some folks attention with its gruesome and creepy effects .
 Low budget Italian horror with an American star.Good ? No.Unsettling , quirky and peculiarly charming ? Yes.Worth the time it takes to watch it ? No .
 C'mon people ! Five stars for this garbage ? I 'm a big horror fan , I like `` weird and offbeat horror '' , and have enjoyed other Italian horror films by such directors as Mario Bava . Based on the great reviews of this movie on this site , I decided to pick this one up and was I ever disappointed . It 's not scary and you 'll see more gore in a Friday the 13th or Freddy Kreuger movie . The plot is so incoherent that the film becomes absolutely tiresome to watch . The only good things about it are seeing Jennifer Connelly run around in her nightgown , and the heavy metal soundtrack -LRB- which actually sounds very misplaced in parts of the film -RRB- . The best part of the DVD is listening to the commentary by the filmmakers , who actually seem to think they 've made some great piece of art with this film , when it 's really just high-budget amateur hour . The only reason to watch this film is if you want to see a slightly weird , bad horror movie . If you do watch it , keep your expectations waaaay low .
 This was one of the worst movies that I have ever seen in my life ! Video Renters Beware , you would n't want to rent this movie because of how stupid it is . It was so freaking boring and stupid I would n't even want to pay attention to this movie one more time ! I HATE it !
 I just simply can not believe that a serious genious/meister of horror , shock , and mystery such as Dario Argento would even have the slightest gumption to stamp his name on this Air-Borne Disease ! I mean what could he have been possibly thinking !! As a established big-time fan of his work and vision this movie was without a doubt the `` BIGGEST MISTAKE OF DARIO ARGENTO 'S CAREER '' ! When I had heard about it being the one of the few chances I would get to see his lesser-known daughter Fiore Argento , Also when I heard that Stunningly Beautiful , Ageless , and JUST PLAIN HOT !! To say noyhing of very talented Jennifer Connelly was going to be in it as well as `` Halloween '' star Donald Pleasance all starring in it plus an original concept like someone who can communicate with bugs telepathically I thought how could Dario possibly go wrong here ?! Well guess what He did everything horribly wrong ! First of all we only see his other daughter Fiore for like maybe the first 4 minutes of the movie , when her character misses some tour bus or something and comes by some waterfall outlook point , has no real lines , and to make matters worse gets to be the murderers first victim ! -LRB- some part she had ! -RRB- Well anyway I tried to shrug it off and go on . So from there we meet Jennifer Connelly 's character who 's name is also Jennifer -LRB- GEEZ ! how creative , LOL ! -RRB- And is some rich attorney 's princess whom he sends to some Swiss boarding school . And to make an long story short she meets her roommate who secretly has a boyfriend and is not the nice excepting friend she believes her to be 'cause behind her back her roommate and her roommates boyfriend laugh at her ! And for what it 's worth I feel that this `` outcast who has a special secret be it a supernatural power or whatever is something that 's becoming quite tiresome ! Not to mention that the part of the other girls being snobs against her -LRB- in particular when they and the `` B *** h on Wheels teacher snoop around and find out her secret via a letter intended for her father -RRB- did n't even come up until considerably later ! Anyway for some reason she has this ability and is n't quite sure how to use it or control it right . Eventually she meets and befriends Donald Pleasance 's character who 's a wheelchair bound scientist who studies bugs . As they get to know eachother more he somehow -LRB- of course -RRB- understands her bug telepathy better than Jennifer does ! WHAT ?!! And he allows her not only the knowledge of how the bugs can help her find the murderer but also a fly to help her -LRB- of which for some reason he refers to as `` The Great Sarcophagus ! -RRB- Again What ?! A Sarcophagus is an Egyptian Mummy 's coffin.What the HELL has that got to do with a fly ! If it was a beetle that would make sense but not a fly ! So the wicked boarding school teacher tries to commit her because she I guess doubts her ability to commune with bugs . Which presented the only cool scene as far as I 'm concerned where she has a lot flies come to the windows and doors of the boarding house and with an angelic glimmer and the keen theme tune playing utters the words '' I Love You All '' to the flies and then faints ! Needless to say after she has a completely corny easy time escaping she attempts to get a plain ticket out of Switzerland and upon failing to do so the only person at the school who was nice to her played by Argento 's now ex-wife Daria Nicolodi giving Jennifer somewhere to stay at her house ! I wo n't bore you all with too many details only that to my chagrin it was n't bad enough Donald Pleasance 's untimely death at the hands of the killer but to make matters worse get this DARIA NICOLODI 's CHARACTER WAS THE KILLER THE WHOLE TIME ! Not to mention Daria 's character ending up being dull , bland and ONE-DIMENSIOAL ! On top of that you already know she 's the killer 90 minutes into the movie when there 's still 15 minutes to go ! Not to mention her deformed son -LRB- who quite frankly looked like a pig on acid -RRB- had some part in it!Gosh what an ugly FREAK ! One bigger problem here is that that guy she left chained to the wall was neither explained nor developed as a character!I mean who was he ? I also hate that Jennifer Connely 's character has this control over bugs yet when Daria attempts to poison her and also when she chases after her she stupidly does not use her powers until the deformed son corners her on the motor boat ! And a bigger shocker is Donald 's lab monkey saving her by insanely slashing at Daria with an old fashioned razor blade which was quite disturbing ! Anyway other than that I got sick and tired of looking at maggots all the time!I hate them ! So in closing this movie lacked miserably in nudity , pretty colors like Dario has used in his other movies and it had a couple of annoying aforementioned plot holes ! So in closing if you enjoyed Dario Argento 's other movies such as the Three Mothers Trilogy -LRB- Suspiria , Inferno , and Mother of Tears -RRB- Do You Like Hitchcock ? or Tenebre as much as I did then definitely skip this morbid Half-A *** ed diarrhea on celluloid like the plague !
 This movie could have benefited from so many things . Acting , Acoustics and Story line were the major shortcomings . When I read the other review , words like dreamlike and 80 's classic horror were used . Maybe a hallucination but not dreamlike , and defiantly no classic . I consider the time watching this movie well wasted .
 I had a friend show me this a while back and believe me this is n't hardcore or anything , but its a lot closer to it than Girls Gone Wild . There is n't any actual Sex in it but it does show a LOT of vagina . Do n't get your hopes up yet though . Most of the girls are n't that hot and a lot of their vaginas are n't the best looking either . ESPECIALLY the chick on the front , Kobe or whatever . Hers in the worst . But if you 're desperate and actually want to fork over money for grade F quality `` pornography '' than by all means .
 Boring video for a couple . All it is some girls stripping in front of the camera . No imagination . No story at all . Watched it once and threw it out .
 A young couple moves into a chic new studio apartment with a dark past that comes back to haunt them after they bring an old antique bed down out of storage . Anyone that would willingly watch a movie called DEATHBED deserves all they have coming to them . Considering this came from the creators of PUPPET MASTER and THE GINGERDEAD MAN , one is immediately overcome with visions of a giant , toothy mattress munching on people , but instead , the film is played entirely straight as a pseudo-Slasher . Watching DEATHBED is like watching a really long , really boring porno where only the dude gets naked and everyone else leaves , unsatisfied . To say that the acting is stale or to complain about the listless directing is really giving the film more time than it deserves . As opposed to most other Full Moon Features that run around sixty-five minutes , DEATHBED clocks in at an astounding eighty minutes of pure garbage . For a film called DEATHBED , there is also a surprising lack of deaths that occur on or around the bed . It is a wonder that Stuart Gordon would allow his name to be attached to the film at all . Rated ` F ' for Partial Nudity , Mild Violence , and False Expectations.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 In Movieland , some people are just born for certain parts . This was a Jeffrey Combs/Barbara Crampton movie if there ever was one . All it lacked was Jeffrey Combs and Barbara Crampton . This was not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination unless you are satisfied with the sexy blonde in the black underwear on the bed for a photo session . She was sexy but not sympathetic . The ending was ... well , what were they doing ? The heroine was bashing in the skull of a person who obviously was no where near her from the angle of the camera shot and where she was swinging . Anyway , the movie was pretty bad . So bad in fact , I immediately again watched Reanimator and From Beyond , both with Jeffrey and Barbara , then I watched Death Bed again ... I hate to admit it ... I might watch it a third time . Oh , and Joe Estavez ... Talk about unintentionally hilarious !!! .
 If you like cheese and crap all rolled together , you just might enjoy this one . The lead actress looks like a poor man 's Jennifer Aniston . She is involved in a few `` sex scenes '' and one shower scene and somehow manages to reveal zero in the way of nudity . The actor who plays the murderer is listed in the credits as Dukey Flyswatter -LRB- I 'm guessing he did n't want his real name associated with this film -RRB- . The male lead is always either getting something to drink , or recommending that his wife drink something -LRB- specifically , hot chocolate -RRB- to make her feel better . You 'd think that a girl who is forever drinking hot chocolate would taste the difference on the occasion when 20 valiums are crushed up in her mug -LRB- but then again , I 've never tasted a valium so I guess it 's possible that they are sweet like candy -RRB- . I did laugh out loud a few times during this movie , though . Pay special attention to how the husband `` soothes '' his wife in the scene after she tearfully reveals the painful story of how her uncle used to handcuff her to her bed and molest her as a child ... priceless stuff . There is also a laugh-out-loud kill sequence where our heroine appears to be swinging her hammer in every direction other than where her bloody target is lying . But the most hilarious moment of all is featured in the `` making of '' segment . The actress who plays the ghost girl recounts how excited she was to get a shot at staring in Death Bed after reading and being `` won over '' by the amazing script ! Ahhhhh ha ha ha ha !!
 For the record , I am reviewing the DVD released by Shadow Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 . I say this because there was another DVD of this film released back in 2002 that sounds a lot better . Like the previous reviewer said , if you can get that DVD with the bonus feature of `` Castle Freak '' , then get it instead.The movie is good , but it misses on two counts . If you 're a gore freak , then you will be disappointed . There 's no gore until the end , and even then it 's not that much . If you 're into suspenseful horror that builds , you 'll like this film until the end . I am not a gore freak , so I enjoyed most of the movie . In the end , I am happy with this purchase . It 's just that this film switches its tone so suddenly , it 's disorienting . The ending was a complete mess . My conclusion is that the filmmaker wanted to try something high-brow , but had to relent to the gore-hound financers . It 's a shame , because the film had a great tone until it degenerated into a cheap knockoff of `` The Shining '' . Overall though , I liked the movie . I did not like the DVD . I 'll give it some credit , the picture was crisp for a 19-inch analog 4:3 TV set . However , the sound was bare-bones , just sufficient to get by . There were no special features except for four trailers with one of those being this title itself . There was no chapter select menu . Heck , viewing the disc on my Sony Playstation 2 , I could n't even get chapter information runtime or title information runtime countdown . The only thing I got was a total title runtime clock . At first , I thought there was n't even any chapter breaks , but there are . The chapter breaks are just invisible.In the end , I 'm happy with this purchase . The DVD is horrible , and if I ever had the opportunity to purchase the 2002 DVD release , I would . I would then use this one as a coaster , but when the price is about $ 10 , it does n't bother me too badly . However , I really have to express my dislike for Shadow Entertainment and the recent Koch Vision Entertainment releases . They 're basically putting it to the consumers , as I have made several purchases and been thoroughly disappointed with all of them . In fact , the last purchase I made from Shadow Entertainment , I swore I would never buy from them again . I bought this DVD without knowing and was surprised by that fact , but I was not surprised when the DVD turned out to be crap.Bottom Line
 Meant to be cute , and Black Bear cubs are certainly cute , this film is a reflection of the attitudes of tourists who visited Yellowstone in that 1950s era that had no real understanding of wildlife . Unfortunately the film did nothing to educate , even falsely protraying park rangers as accomplices . It mentions in passing that Park rules are that there is to be no feeding of bears , but then shows that everyone does it . It shows that getting attacked by a bear is just a matter of being knocked over . I shows that a problem bear is one who is fed , then wants more - from a human that was the problem . Good interpretive skills used inappropriately .
 Very upsetting ... Recently brought Talking Words Factory 2009 because my son truly loved Talking Words Factory 2003 . Little did I know that the 2009 version was the exact same as the 2003 version , but with a different cover . So I had to just give it to another child who could use it . If you dont own the 2003 version then this is a great dvd . My 5yr old loves it !!!
 first , my 2 year old loves this video.it infuriates me however that the words are spelled all in capitals . who writes like that ?! who learns to recognize words in caps , it does not accurately represent what they 'll see when learning to read ! do over - i would n't buy it .
 I ordered both this DVD ... Talking Words Factory and Letter Factory.I DID NOT receive TALKIN WORDS FACTORY !!! Call me 785-506-4273 . Thanks!Carol
 Parents will be forced to slog through weak character plots that move at a glacial pace . Once Junior , FINALLY reaches the `` teachable material '' , it 's just a small portion of the dvd . Do n't waste your money on this lame Leap Frog DVD.Rock N Learn ' , cuts to the chase , with their DVD version of alphabet letter sounds and phonics . It 's a much better alternative . Parents wo n't have to feign being `` spellbound '' for Juniors ' sake . Granted , Rock N Learn ' is twice the price , but well worth every penny .
 I paid 10 $ to get this and totally disappointed to find out that total duration of feature content is only 35mins . LeapFrog is ripping people off here . As for the content itself , it 's nice but too little . No kid can learn anything substantial from this .
 The story did not match the story in the movie . They said a devil worship cult , when it was not . It was about a scientist who could bring back the dead with a capsule put into their dead brain making them move and murder under his control . This movie is a scam , to make people look at it . Generally , it was a ok movie , but not the one it says it is . Null .
 Although I am an admitted lover of horror films , and I admire the Troma team in New York for bringing this Euro-horror thriller to DVD , this is certainly no BLACK SUNDAY or CASTLE OF BLOOD , two of the best of the Euro-cycle in this genre . Restoring or re-releasing under-rated films is a praise-worthy pursuit and Troma should be lauded for this practice alone -- but why they chose this production with its tepid scare tactics is as unclear as some of the images shown in this washed-out color process.Paul Naschy , well-known for other Euro-trash , appears here in a supporting role . The discussion of this actor included on this DVD suggests that he is someone significant in the horror genre , like Barbara Steele -- someone who might be worthy of a film festival . Maybe this is the case for some of his fans , but his brain-dead performance in this opus suggests nothing worthy of lengthy admiration . When he is killed off about mid-way through the film , the plot , such as it is , seems not to suffer for his absence.The film does have a couple of beautiful women on hand -- but they are not exactly utilized on-screen in flattering ways . One is shown in a love clinch with the long-haired protagonist ... shown whirling about , that is , when two are shown naked in bed . Why the director decided to spin the camera around like a top when they are in a non-erotic embrace is not made evident . Is this supposed to be some sort of artistic statement ? The blonde actress is cute enough , but why she is shown baring her insignificant breasts to the hero -- who quickly chides her for her exposure -- is also not made evident . Nudity for a purpose -- even if it is only meant to be titillating -LRB- pun not originally intended -RRB- -- is acceptable for some of us red-blooded males , but in the case of this film , it really does seem to be gratuitous and unexciting.Perhaps there are a few moment in this film worthy of mentioning . If so , they elude me . Other Spanish horror films -- although nothing like the Brit horror films like THE LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE and American horror films like THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES -- are significant enough to be re-stored or re-mastered or re-claimed or re ... something or other . This one ai n't , folks . Sorry . Liked the description of it and fell for it . I regret that now.Other good horror films are out there . Spend your time searching for them . I like to be as positive as I can in my reviews , but this one is probably not worth your time . If you bought it and you like it and you are offended -- my apologies again . Taste is subjective , and nothing , as a professor in graduate school stated , beats interest . If seeing unreal-looking rotting corpses and non-erotic nudity is your cup of tea , have a sip , but do n't say I did n't warn you .
 After some delays , I received this much awaited movie . However , my enthusiasmturned into disappointment because of the poor transfer of the movie into DVD.There were several minutes of no sound and picture .
 Terrible print , awful transfer and the dubbing was -LRB- and always is -RRB- bad . I could not finish this film , because it was painful to watch for the prior reasons and it just was n't all that good . Maybe with a decent print and sub-titles it would have been a different experience , but I can not recommend it . Positive reviews must have been written by Troma employees .
 ... When I saw the previews for this in Dec 1991 , I was VERYhappy to see a new Alien movie coming out . When I went to a drive in to see it , I had bad sound , so I figured I should give it another chance . HOW WRONG I WAS . I went to a theater and saw it again . It just plain sucks.There are NO weapons . None . Oh wait ... fire . Oh yeah . That rocks . Very little action . The most action I can remember seeing is when the dog alien is chasing the prisoners around . Yay . You only see the alien very few times throughout the movie.I have seen worse than this , but this is pretty bad ... Resurrection is just ok , and the gore is to the extreme , so for that I do n't really think it should be condemned.Still , I have few good things to say about this one . If you are a die-hard Aliens fan , and must see/own them all , then by all means , get this one.If your not , your money is better spent elsewhere . I can live with the fact that there is only one alien -LRB- same as in the first movie -RRB- , and that there is very little action . But NO weapons ? What 's up with that ? I heard a rumor that before Sigourney started shooting this , she said she would only do it if there were no weapons . True or not , I do n't know.I could go on for hours , but I think I 've said my part . This is definitely the least watched.Bad directing , horrible waste of a script , bad acting , no decent plot , and NO WEAPONS -LRB- did I mention that ? -RRB- . Pros
 Horrible film ... where it may turn on the Goths , it disgusts me . Here , we have two very awesome character - who , despite what some cynics say , people cared about ; Newt , and Hicks ... and look what they do with them . They could 've expanded those characters into some real cool character , but NOOooo . Do n't watch this movie , if you 're a fan Aliens and Alien . It 's a BIG let down .
 The first two movies in this series , altough different in genre -LRB- horror and action -RRB- were very well done and and fit together perfectly . The first movie moved smoothly into the next and made for an increadible journey . The third movie destroys all of the work of the first two . It seems that the producers/director did not like having a happy ending for `` Aliens '' . They killed off characters that you rooted for the entire film -LRB- `` Aliens '' -RRB- without reason . They end up with a script that is just an ordinary slasher film . Creature chases good girl around huge building for 11/2 hours . The creativity and zest of the first two was lost . Do yourself a favor and skip to `` Ressurection '' !
 Alien 3 is a huge disappointment . While this movie was in its pre-production and production phases it was obvious that it was going to be a disaster - there was no direction or vision of the logical next steps in the Alien franchise . The first two movies were amazing - both unique and entertaining in their own way . Alien 3 begins with ruining everything Ripley fought for in Aliens by immediately killing off the survivors and then transitions into a bleak and dull storyline that trashes the franchise . I always envisioned subsequent Alien movies to delve into the mystery of the derelict ship on LV-426 and create a situation where Earth had to be defended from infestation from the Aliens . I would not recommend this movie to anyone , and basically ignore that it was ever made . In my mind Ripley , Hicks , Newt , and Bishop returned to Earth and the story stopped or moved on from there .
 This film was completely unnecessary , Alien was a Masterpiece and Aliens was a brilliant sequel . There was no need to continue after Aliens unless they had come up with something really incredible . The film is a complete downer filled with forgettable characters that you dont care about and simply put , it 's just boring.All the glory and victory from Aliens is wiped out in the first ten minutes and killing off Ripley is one of the worst decisions in cinematic history.It 's weird , it takes place on a maximun security prison planet yet all the inmates speak with an upper class British accent . Even the monster is lame . Mostly it 's just a CGI interpretation instead of an actual costume effect and it 's poorly executed as well . Sigorney Weaver looks bored througout the film and it 's pace is so slow that you just want the film to end.This is a movie that truly should have never been made .
 Director Fincher takes his death fetish to new lows in this grim and mostly pointless followup to Aliens . In this one , Ripley -- perhaps the universe 's most unlucky astronaut -- washes up at a penal colony that makes Alcatraz look like a Howard Johnson 's at sunny Myrtle Beach . She 's joined by a dour cast of British unknowns -LRB- a wasted Charles Dance being the major exception -RRB- , which coupled with the pseudogothic production design , makes the film feel like a bad Henry James novel come to life . With hints -- hints -- at some deeper meaning , the story basically rehashes the first film ; this time , though , the apparent innovation is that prisoners are picked off one at a time by a fast-moving alien that has combined with canine DNA . Masochists undoubtedly will enjoy scenes like the child from the previous film , Newt , being autopsyed , but most viewers will just shake their head at this relentlessly unhappy movie .
 I love the Alien saga , but this movie is incoherent and profoundly disappointing . The premise of it is not rational given the end of Aliens . So it starts with a ludicrous plot premise , and it just goes downhill from there . I love Sigourny Weaver , but this is the worst movie she 's ever made.When we do our `` Alien '' film festival , we leave the piece of excrement out of the mix . I ca n't think of a single positive thing about this film .
 This is what happens when you let an actor/actress co-produce . Throw in a script that jumps all over the place , a plot that is muddled , leave the Alien almost completely out , and you have Alien 3 . First of all , killing off Newt and Hicks was a mistake , but if they wanted to go that route it could have been handled much better . The threat of the Alien/dog hybrid is silly and non-existent in this film . The Alien shows up sporadically and Bwah ! Dead random prisoner . Also , the rape scene with the generic industrial metal music was way out of place , as is Charles S. Dutton 's character . He hates Ripley , he defends Ripley , he hates her again . Much like religion , he is a contradiction . The movie uses poor cgi , lame ass dialogue , and lots of bald guys to create the disaster-piece that killed off any hope of this franchise being respected beyond the first two . Same thing Predator 2 did , destroy any chance of making solid future films . Personally , I feel after 2 Ripley should have gone off in the sunset . Away with the female lead crap and lets get Hicks , Newt , and Bishop kicking Alien ass . Ripley was a strong protagonist , but her being female made the producers feel that somehow her gender was integral to the films success . It was n't . 2 stars for a few interesting moments , and some nostalgia . This was the first film in the series I ever saw so there . Nostalgia .
 I remember seeing an interview with one of the actors from this film -LRB- the head of the colony , i think -RRB- on David Letterman and even he agreed that the movie was n't very good . Perhaps it could have been , but too much was left on the editing room floor and the result was a disappointing mess . I 'll buy the first two DVD 's , but as far as I 'm concerned there is no Alien trilogy .
 `` Aliens '' was a triumphant sequel , taking on all the odds that suggested that sequels `` stink . '' That is why when `` Alien 3 '' was made , we had to know the end of a good run was coming . While `` Alien 3 '' looks good and maybe has a little bit of the feel of the original , it drowns in a terrible storyline and a worse script . First of all , Hicks and Newt -LRB- Who Ripley spent the last half hour in `` Aliens '' saving are killed off right off the bat , wow , what a downer . Ripley is depressed and so was the guy who continued to write the script about a bunch of lifers who say things that make no sense , for example , when the prisoners and Ripley begin building a trap for the Alien , one prisoner asks Ripley `` Why should we help you ? '' Um ... maybe because there is an Alien running around and it will eat you if you do n't kill it ? We are also put through a boring love affair , a cheesy speech by Charles Dutton and a stupid and overly designed scene where everyone is running around dark tunnels trying to trap the Alien . There 's no comic relief like in `` Aliens '' and no real scares like in `` Alien . '' This is just plain stupid , and worse , the sequel that came next . Do n't waste your time with this slop , go see the first two films again , it 'll be more entertaining .
 This is one of those movies that just should NOT have been made , and everyone associated with it should feel ashamed . The first , and most glaringly obvious problem is the script . How this script got past anyone remotely familiar with ALIENS is beyond me . For starters , there are eggs on the ship . How did they get there ? Impossible . Second , half the survivors die within the first five minutes . Is that supposed to be `` artistic '' ? I used to give this movie 1 star , but now I bumped it up to 2 , because as lame as it is , it is still better than Alien Resurrection , which has no style to it . Alien3 at least has that , which is due to Fincher directing .
 Alien3 is a very disappointing movie . For one , it has many unanswered questions
 David Fincher , the man who would later be responsible for Seven and Fight Club -LRB- two movies that are strongly recommended -RRB- , directed this third installment of the Alien saga -LRB- which was supposed to be the last one -RRB- . Fincher lends what would become his trademark stylistic direction , but that alone ca n't save this film . The first time I saw this I said to myself the series should have ended with Aliens . Alien 3 takes everything built upon in the first two films and throws them out the window , and trust me thats not good . Its played out like a horror/slasher movie , waiting to prepare yourself for the next big shock , instead of being an intelligent action/sci-fi hybrid we were used to before . There 's nothing but a lot of running , screaming , and cursing as the new -LRB- and poorly designed -RRB- `` dog '' alien hunts down Ripley and the prisoners . Not to mention complete logic is disposed of , if you want to know what I mean read Jeff Bollen 's review , and one of my biggest complaints is after all 2 and a half plus hours of Aliens where Ripley fought to keep Newt and Hicks alive , they are both dispatched at the beginning of the movie . Alien Resurrection would follow later on , and would try to breathe new life into the series , but Alien 3 remains a landmark at how to ruin a good thing .
 A sequel to director Ridley Scott 's `` Alien '' was inevitable , of course . This traditional horror movie set in outer space simply made too darn much money for the studio to simply let it stand alone.Surprisingly , when director James Cameron took over , he was determined to make a different movie rather than merely rehash the first . Thus , `` Aliens '' was adventurous , taking the story in new and exciting directions as an action-adventure yarn instead of another horror movie.Indeed , a number of critics feel `` Aliens '' is better than `` Alien . `` But now comes `` Alien 3 '' - as unnecessary a sequel to a major movie as we 've seen in some time . First-time director David Fincher and four writers have created another horror movie , attempting existential overtones as they make the alien in this film Ripley 's `` Moby Dick . `` But `` Alien 3 '' begins by changing the ending of its predecessor and knocking off nearly all the characters we cared about . Fans will recall that Ripley -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- , Hicks , Newt and the android Bishop escaped in a space ship at the end of `` Aliens . '' But this film begins with their being ejected from the ship and crash-landing on a prison planet , which kills all of them except Ripley!On this maximum-security planet , where lice infestation requires everyone to be bald , Ripley finds that the lone surviving monster is still with them . Soon , she 's organizing the prisoners to be on the alert , but since there are no weapons of any kind on the entire planet , they wind up playing hide-and-seek with the creature for most of the movie.There are a lot of problems with this film , but the worst are its dreary , dark motif ; the lack of sympathetic characters ; the unpleasantness of the film 's premise , which has Ripley eventually discovering she has a queen alien growing inside of her ; and a lengthy chase sequence that is so dark , and edited so chaotically that it becomes confusing.Those looking for thrills or some enhancement to the first films will be very disappointed . Those looking for a headache will have come to the right place.And why is it `` Alien 3 -LRB- i.e. cubed -RRB- '' instead of simply `` Alien 3 '' or `` Alienz '' or `` Alien
 I do n't know if I 've ever seen a sequel that makes so many bad decisions so fast and so early in . Even before the opening titles were over , I had no idea how this film was going to win the viewer back.Face-huggers get loose in the ship escaping the second rousing film , ALIENS , do their dirty deeds , then die and bleed acid to breach the systems and hulls . The survivors are jettisoned without ever waking up . Newt , the adorable little girl from ALIENS , is killed . Michael Behn 's heroic Marine -- killed in the crash . The droid -- tilt . All that 's left is Sigourney Weaver and she crash lands on a dreary , dirty prison planet populated with dirty , repellent inmates.All of this in the first five minutes . Ugh . On top of all that , they shave Sigourney 's hair off and turn one of her eyes blood red.It 's almost as if they had a pre-production meeting and asked , `` How can we ruin the ALIEN franchise ? Let 's ugly up the star , fill the movie with the scum of the galaxy ... `` There 's a reason this is `` the least successful in the ALIEN series . ''
 Alien -LRB- 1979 -RRB- and Aliens -LRB- 1986 -RRB- are among the best action/horror/sci-fi films ever made , the first being a claustrophobic nightmare of a movie and the second being a thrilling , action-packed sequel that continued and built upon the themes introduced in the first . And then , David Fincher ruined the whole series within the first fifteen minutes of Alien 3 . Actually , I like quite a bit of Fincher 's work , especially Seven and Fight Club , but Alien 3 might be the most disappointing sequel of all time , systematically destroying every element that made Aliens one of the best . First , he kills off Hicks , Newt , and Bishop , wasting the talents of the three actors as well as obliterating the surrogate mother and man vs. machine themes of Aliens . Those characters were half the reason that Aliens was so great . Then , he compounds the issue by having Ripley attend Newt 's autopsy without shedding so much as a single tear . The rest of the film plays out with Ripley and the prisoners fighting against a quadruped alien , without the aid of any weapons . The idea of Ripley carrying a queen alien and throwing herself to her death to keep the queen out of the hands of the Company was a fine , powerful ending to the series , but Fincher destroyed the possibility of any human drama about her demise ; all the characters that she cared about have already gone before her.Yes , I 've heard that Fincher does not deserve all the blame , and yes , I know that Fox ruthlessly shredded his ideas and stole the film from right under his nose , but honestly , nothing in Alien 3 could redeem the first fifteen minutes of the film . It 's like a slap in the face ; everything that happened in Aliens did n't matter in the slightest , and it does not improve on the ideas of the first two , not once , throughout the whole film , right up until the poetic finale . And that is n't nearly enough to make Alien 3 a good , or even worthwhile film . Rewatching it recently has only confirmed that in my mind .
 Of how not to make a sequel in contrast to Aliens -LRB- which is a perfect sequel in that it manages to both stand on its own and as a satisfactory continuation of Alien -RRB- , Alien teeny-tiny 3 establishes itself by undermining its predecessor . The decision to kill off the survivors of Aliens during the opening credits made a mockery of that film 's intense climax which focused on rescuing the little girl . Not a good move , when you are providing a follow-up to a comercial and critical hit , because then you have to make sure that this movie will be even better . It also throws out the rules as to the nature of the Aliens . In the previous movies the facehuggers would be unleashed only when a being is in proximity of the eggs . -LRB- It was clearly stated in Aliens that the two rogue facehuggers had been torn from their victims ' faces . -RRB- In this movie the facehuggers leave the eggs whenever they feel like it & roam around free.Clearly , the first two movies should be ignored when watching this one . So , then , how does it stand on its own merits?The answer is
 I was on fire after I watched Alien 's , and could n't wait to put the next installment into the dvd player . But , my friends , I could n't get over the first five minutes . In those few moment 's , it successfully grab 's the entire purpose of the second film and throws it into the trash . I understand that by the time 3 came out the young girl -LRB- actress -RRB- was much too old to appear as young as she was before cryo-sleap . But , why kill her off ? And the robot . Why ? The soldier who was developing a crush on Ripley . Why ? All dead . That made me so out of whack that I just could n't enjoy the movie . I sat there perplexed in hopes that there would be something better in store for Ripley to take the place of her loss , or if even , to create something more exciting for the story line . I did n't feel the same tensity that was so dominant in the first two films . And coming from the director of Se7en , I am really surprised that the darkness could n't have overcome that fault . Darkness in a film does n't mean grit and gore , it means putting together the pieces of a puzzle in a mysterious circumastance . Not found here.Ripley is marooned with a bunch of religious skin heads that even though are supposed to be under a law of purification , use more `` f '' words than anything found in all the other films combined . -LRB- I thought that was funny and sad , wierd huh . -RRB- Anyway , as formula begat formula , anyone that tries to become close to Ripley in any shape form or fashion gets torn into gushy pieces . It became predictable after a while . - Someone is nice to Ripley - They get their face ripped off . I thought I was a psychic by the time the movie was over . Ripley shaves her head , and looks pretty cool . And no matter how much they tried , when you have a bucket-ful of alien 's in the previous movie , One single alien -LRB- mutanized or not -RRB- just does n't do the trick anymore . Been there - Done that - Seen that.If your on a mission to watch all of the Alien movies , then by all mean 's watch it . But more than likely -LRB- if you share my opinion 's -RRB- you will be sadly disappointed .
 I am a huge fan of Alien and Aliens , they are two of the greatest sci-fi films ever made . Perhaps they should have stopped there . While the original was a little slow to get going , it was ground-breaking and incredible effects for 1979 . In 1986 , we were presented with the sequel which many considered better than the first - ALIENS . The reviews were outstanding and in praise of the special effects . What I particulary liked about Aliens was the amount of aliens - everywhere you looked , they came thick and fast and in lots of different shapes too . And , I am pretty sure that CGI was n't used on the sequel either.Now let 's move to the third instalment which came out in 1992 . The real beginning of revolting CGI - Alien 3 . I admit I had not seen it until last week when the DVD landed in my lap . I basically avoided it because of all the bad reviews over the years and admit I must agree with many of those reviews . The storyline had great promise -LRB- Ripley is the soul survivor after her spaceship crashes , and ends up on a planet full of male prisoners -RRB- . The main problem with the film is that there is only one alien and his appearances are short and sweet -LRB- except for the baby alien at the end -RRB- . This movie does take ages to get going . When the action really sets in near the end , we are unfortunately treated to some awful CGI - the alien looks comical running through the tunnel . I wonder why they didnt use the aliens from the 1986 film which were so realistic.While Alien Resurrection -LRB- 4 -RRB- has also been criticised , it is a tad better than this poor effort . Avoid and stick with the first two .
 The first two films were masterful , but the third one is so full of holes that there 's nothing solid . Consider this
 OK , forgetting the obvious faults of this dreadful film like 1-there is a fire on the ship and no-one gets awakened by the computer 2-the escape capsule is ejected and still no-one gets awakened 3-the capsule shoots though the atmosphere without burning up , falls at high speed without a parachute and hits the planet with the impact of a meteorite.And yet Ripley somehow survives -LRB- absurd -RRB- 4-the prison planet has no guns . Forgetting all those faults , THIS film 's premise is that after all Ripley has gone through , she apparently is so dumb that after destroying the queen Alien she does n't even bother to check the ship for others ? What happened to the lifeform monitoring devices?And the producers idea of a heroes finale is for Ripley to fall in a vat of molten lead while an alien rips out of her chest ? After a good first week gross , this film dropped like a rock once fans were made aware of the producers dreadful stuff-up of what had been a good series.I hope that they never make a movie again because they ruined what the first two movies had set-up . Killing everyone off was a cheap and unimaginative gimmick.Very poor writing .
 I watched this movie at the theaters when I was a kid and I was a big fan of Aliens -LRB- 2 -RRB- . I collected the Aliens 2 model kits , the Aliens movie poster , I collected the Dark Horse published Aliens comic book as a kid , played the Aliens arcade games , and Aliens vs Predator PC Games -LRB- later on as a college student -RRB- . Aliens 3 ruined the entire series . They did not have to kill off Newt , Bishop , and Corporal Hicks . That is the worst thing to have happened in this movie . Everything that Ripley did in the Aliens -LRB- 2 -RRB- was in vane . I agree that this is a slap in the face to James Cameron 's last movie . Other people here giving this movie 3 , 4 or 5 stars is just mind-boggling . This is a good example of what happens when some greedy studio executives -LRB- who does n't have a clue and are only interested in making money through sequels -RRB- dictate how a movie should be made instead of the director himself . I hope those Fox executives got fired for ruining this series . I know it 's not the director 's fault -LRB- David Fincher -RRB- but they should have let Ridley Scott and/or James Cameron continue directing this series since the first two movies was their baby . Maybe they could have used the Aliens comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse to make an off shoot script for the movie . Or they could have stopped at Aliens 2 and gone on with Aliens vs Predator with Ridley Scott and/or James Cameron maybe directing it .
 The `` Alien '' series got off to a rousing start in 1979 with Ridley Scott 's masterpice `` Alien '' , then rose to even greater heights with James Cameron 's superior sequel `` Aliens '' . Then , in 1992 , came `` Alien3 '' . Read on for my review.It 's pretty much unanimous among fans of the movies that `` Alien3 '' is awful . However , agaisnt my better judgement , I decided to rent it . I wished I had n't . The fans are right . `` Aline3 '' . The oh so convulted plot goes something like this . Ripley -LRB- Sigourney Weaver -RRB- , has crashlanded on a desolate planet at what she calls `` the ass end of space '' . She awakens to find that Hicks and Newt -LRB- those who 've seen the movies know who I 'm taking about -RRB- were killed while in hypersleep , and Bishop has been severely damaged . She is rescued by Clemens -LRB- Charles Dance -RRB- and taken to an intergalactic prison complex , where she is surrounded by murderers , rapists and child molesters , who have managed to find faith in God . Most of these men have n't even seen in a woman in years . The leader of this born again group is the vicious yet compassionate Dillon -LRB- Charles S. Dutton -RRB- . Ripley fights for acceptance and trust in this new society , but is unable . However , when prisoners start mysteriously dying , Ripley begins to get suspicious . It turns out that the alien she had battled in the previous two movies has made its way to the planet . And worst of all , it 's planted its egg in Ripley . Sounds pretty good right ? Wrong.The film is dull , depressing and uninteresting Director David Fichner ignored the ingenious vision brought forward by Scott and Cameron and made `` Alien3 '' more of a straightforward horror movie , whereas the other films went much deeper.My biggest complaint is that there is no moral center . Not one of the characters in this film is likeable in any way . Even Ripley herself begins to show signs of the b * tchy , dominating woman -LRB- clone -RRB- she 'd soon become in 1997 's `` Alien
 When the theatrical release of Alien 3 came out I was sooooo excited . Aliens was -LRB- and probably still is -RRB- my favorite movie of all time . Alien 3 opened on my Birthday , so even though my wife hates almost all sci-fi , She agreed to take me on a date to see Alien 3 on the night it premiered.As the movie went on I sunk down lower and lower in my seat , knowing exactly what my wife was thinking , eventually I looked over at her , her right hand signing s-t-u-p-i-d over and over in AMSLAN . I was wishing I could make an argument but the truth is she was right.Now 16 years later I just watched it again , and my hopes and aspirations for a more enjoyable experience were again dashed . I remember when the movie first came out and the critics talked about how bold it was to use a director who had never directed a feature film , and the director himself , saying like he made this movie for the 10 or 12 friends of his who would get it.Well , here 's the bottom line , I love sci-fi , I love Sigourney Weaver , I love films about honor , and fighting in a lost cause , I love films with a metaphor , I loved Alien , and Aliens , and even with all this , I really did n't enjoy Alien 3 . But that 's just me .
 The first time I saw this movie I wondered how they could mess something up so badly . The second time I found some parts had improved -LRB- but not by much -RRB- . First , the alien was a mixture of cool , sleek , killing-machine but also looked somewhat fake on the small screen of the TV . The heavy use of computer graphics allowed them to do a tad more with the creature than you could do with a person in a suit.Still , the story takes away , I think , from the Alien myth . It made the drone a tad too smart and the beginning of the movie was a tad confusing . I still do n't know how the young queen got in there without killing Ripley . Too many questions and no real answers . Mystery is good , but total chaos is not .
 This is the worst of the four . If they had n't killed off the three wonderful characters introduced in Aliens it might have been an ok movie . But no , they make their ship crash on this planet of `` celebate '' prisoners and make Ripley the only survivor . And then , we get to watch as they slice open Newt 's chest to see if there 's a chestburster inside . And the rest is n't even worth talking about . I was really disappointed with this movie and you will be too . Rent it -LRB- if you must -RRB- first before you buy it .
 One of the worst ways to ruin a sequal , in my opinion , is to kill off the survivors of the previous in the very begging . -LRB- What 's the point in having them survive , then ? -RRB- Not only does it hurt the sequal , but deminishes the previous as well.Then there is the whoel problem of how the eggs got there in the first place.If you want a good sequal to `` Aliens '' , find the Dark Horse comics versions . They are `` Aliens
 Not only the worst in the series , but has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ! It ruins it for wanting to see Ressurection . Now I 've seen alot of bad movies , but this was horrible . I was expecting it to be good since Alien and Aliens were equally great , but I 've never seen one like this . From the beginning , everything Ripley did in Aliens , saving Hicks and the girl was a waste . But it just gets worse . *** DO NOT LET KIDS VIEW THIS ! *** It literally says the F word 40xs ! It 's in every single sentence ... . Definatly rated R for a reason . Do n't even waste $ 3 on it . Just skip this one .
 That this movie was directed by David Fincher continues to amaze me , since it is superficial , predictable , and simply bad . Killing off 2 of the main characters from Aliens before the opening credits is unforgiveable .
 The third installment in the Aliens series unravels Ripley 's struggle for personal redemption by killing the characters -- Newt & Hicks -- who gave her `` Aliens '' story focus and resonnance . This reveals a deep disrespect for the audience and the concept of a sequel by the filmmakers.Alien 3 is essentially a black-and-white movie , taking place in an overwhemlmingly drab castle-like setting , described as a prison . We 're told there are no weapons on the entire planet . Apparently there are no light bulbs either . It 's all dark rooms , tunnels and more tunnels.All the characters wear the same drab clothes and all have shaved heads . In other words , everyone looks EXACTLY alike . I could n't tell them apart . But , as it turns out , it 's not necessary to tell them apart because they 're all just interchangable dialog delivery devices . Apologies to the actors , who seem to have tried -- against hopeless odds -- to create actual characters.The plot , as near as I could discern , involves the interplay of many symbolic elements
 This movie has a lot of flaws in it , first of all killing off everyone that survived the previous movie shows a lack of imagination not to mention that it spoils the ending of ALIENS . I thought that the way the designed the alien itself was inventive , I like the way it took on the characteristics of the dog and how it could run on walls . The whole story about the bald-headed prisoners who were suposed to be some kind of munks was wierd and confusing . The movie drags until you get to the last half-hour and even then its mostly everyone just running around .
 Giving this movie 1 star is giving it more than it deserves . This movie is TERRIBLE . It has no story , unlikable characters , cheap sets and kills off two great characters saved in ALIENS . David Fincher has gone on to direct some quality movies -LRB- Seven , The Game -RRB- but I am sure he would rather forget this bomb . Save your money and save your time and watch something else .
 Do n't even try to make sense of the story . This movie was rushed and it bombed !
 After the tense thriller of Alien and the stroke-inducing terror of Aliens , Number Three totally bummed me out ! It was like following up the world 's two scariest rollercoasters with a ride on the ghost train featuring an old guy in a sheet yelling , `` Boo . '' I did n't care about any of the characters , least of all Ripley , the dingy sets did n't make me scared , it just made me want to wash , and although the final set-piece was impressive , I was thorougly bored throughout . Resurrection restored my faith in the franchise a little , but I just could n't get the bad taste outta my mouth .
 Awful , awful , awful , awful . It was rumoured prior to the making of Alien 3 that Ms. Weaver was unwilling to grind out more Alien sequels . Perhaps this is why she helped co-produce this abomination - to kill the series ! Amazingly Ms. Weaver was honored with an Oscar nomination for her Ripley role in `` Aliens '' , who becomes a juggernaut of a protective mother when pushed -LRB- either to protect the marines lost in the maze of Aliens at the plant or protecting Newt . Obviously the `` Alien 3 '' filmmakers decided the mother daughter plot in that film did n't warrant further exploration and instead turned Ripley into a weakling . This was a major psychological mistake since people who jump into the fray are generally very strong characters internally , so it 's unlikely Ripley would have ever retreated in the scared bunny routine that begins this tale of so much woe . Pity , there was a lot more potential in the mother daughter relationship than this mess.Furthermore , no matter what anyone suggests about this DVD version with additional footage , there is NO satisfactory EXPLANATION given for a supposedly laid egg by the Alien Queen to GET INSIDE the ship when she was located in a crevice OUTSIDE the SHIP piloted by Lance Henriksen . Not to mention Ripley DESTROYING the Queen 's EGG SACK that the QUEEN actually SEPARATED HERSELF FROM before chasing after Ripley carrying Newt in the exploding air manufacturing plant . You see it works like this , NO egg sack , NO eggs . Sad , just sad . Next , how the hell did the Face hugger from this egg that could n't have existed get inside Ripley 's hybernation chamber ? Remember that in `` Alien '' it dissolved through John Hurt 's helmet to get to his face , yet Ripley 's chamber cover had not been melted or damaged in any way , so how ? HOW ? HOW ? Regardless what you think of the acting ability of Dutton or Weaver , if a film begins on a screwed up premise -LRB- remember Highlander II and the orginal Highlander ? -RRB- nothing the actors can do will save it . Do n't even get me started on Alien 4 -- a parasitic host zenomorph that combines at DNA level ? To quote another sci-fi great `` Do n't insult my intelligence ! ''
 Rarely is the sequel better than the original , so expectations were high after Aliens proved this assertion dead wrong . Alien 3 , without Cameron at the helm , was a dismal and disjointed attempt at sucking the blood out of the franchise . With Sigourney Weaver objecting to being filmed with guns around her , script writers changing at a moment 's notice , and budgets slashed , this was a disaster waiting to happen . And it did . Pointless elimination of Newt and Hicks , characters that made Aliens the great movie that it was , drove away the fan base . Sigourney Weaver 's primadonna demands that there be no guns combined with ever changing cast of screenwriters ended up in a heap of celluloid not worth wasting one 's 2 hours of life on .
 the condition of the product was good but when watching it it skips , stops ... gon na take to a place and hope they can fix it ...
 `` Alien 3 '' is not nearly as good as `` Aliens , '' in fact , it is much worse . The problem is , the movie ran out of materials .
 This film is so full of mistakes it 's disgusting . The first mistake -LRB- and possibly the worst of them all -RRB- was to kill off the characters of Hicks and Newt in the beginning of the film . This completely negates everything in `` Aliens '' . The director was quoted as saying something about how bringing only Ripley back would be the most powerful message . Right . Their death hangs over the entire film like a black cloud of death and despair . And these are never good emotions for a science fiction film . Bishop is torn apart , Hicks is impaled through the chest by a support beam , and Newt is drowned in her cryo tube . Ripley just happenes to be the only survivor and not only is she in good condition , nothing is broken and she feels fine the rest of the film . Another mistake is the planet she landed on . Who cares about a bunch of murderers and rapists ? Aside from a few main characters the prisoners all look and sound alike -LRB- and by this I mean they all say the f -- k word every five seconds , f -- k this and f -- k that and f -- k you , great script writing here -RRB- you do not care when they die , and you can not remember their names half the time . Hicks is missed in the film horribly , such as the gang rape scene for instance . Even with the horrible actors and plot and script writing , it would have been better if the characters from Aliens where around . Watch this film and you 'll wish you had died with Hicks and Newt in the beginning . Another mistake is their religion bashing . If Weaver has something against religion I do n't care but do n't interject it into the film just because she thinks it will be interesting . Another mistake was making Sigourney Weaver co-producer . Whoever told her she knew anything about creating a movie aside from acting ? The tag line for this film was `` The B-tch is back '' , where they talking about the Alien Queen or Sigourney Weaver ? Hard to tell . Another mistake was the sets . A big huge prison that looks exactly the same everywhere . Alien was different because the Nostromo looked different . It was just some big hallway . Another mistake was Ripleys character . She mourns the death of her friends in the first part , but then she 's seen sleeping with the local doctor . Wonderful writing here . And why in the hell did they make her bald . The cover of alien 3 shows a bald Ripley in a tank top . What 's that supposed to tell you about the film ? As a stand alone this film is below mediocre at best . But as a sequal to Aliens ? Never . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch this film . I choose to end Ripley 's adventures with Aliens .
 I remember seeing the first of the trailers for the third Alien movie , known as Alien 3 in movie theaters . I could not wait to see this movie when it came out . Boy , was I disappointed . This movie is uninspiring , boring , and just plain depressing . The end of the film has an ending from another film that I wo n't mention here that looks like it was pasted onto it , because the writer and director did n't know how to end the film.The great continuity that exists between the first and second alien films is completely lacking in this third installment . David Fincher should stick to directing music videos . The logical idea for a third alien film would have been to find the true homeworld where the aliens came from which has n't been addressed in any of the four alien films . The theme of corporate greed over human safety and Ripley 's survivor instinct is forgotten in this film , which makes it an imposter of a movie.I own the DVD of this movie , but the medium does not provide much , unless you 're interested in seeing this movie in French .
 I am a big fan of the first two movies , and thats where it ends for me because the next two sequels were among the worst sequels in cinematic history . If Ed Wood had been put in the directors chair he would have done a better job . In my opinion it should never have been made . RUBBISH !
 First off this film totally undermines everything that happened in Alien 1 and 2 . The biggest crime is the removal of Newt and Hicks in the speedy opening.The viewer never really gets over their demise and the feeling lingers for the whole movie.Next is the introduction to a bunch of unsympathetic prisoners who are n't even worth remembering by name.Charles Dance is the only intriguing chap who is killed before he even begins.There is very little else to keep to you entertained as the film constists mostly of bald menrunning through endless corridors hunted by the cgi glossy looking alien.Riply has all but given up in this film.There was nothing else left to say at the conclusion of Aliensanyway.Fincher took a franchise and completetly ripped out its intestines to make a few bucks and as a result is remembered for directing the most underhanded and useless sequel in recent memory.I could of forgiven or even liked a sequel like Alien 3 if it was a worthy one.But you cant treat it 's fanbase like idiots and expect praise for it.For example would n't Ripley not have checked the sulaco to make sure there were no eggs left by the Queen before going into hypersleep.And when we find out she was the one who the facehugger attached to it still does n't explain how the fire started or at least not cohesively.The alien would have died after attaching to her so how exactly did the fire start.Poetic licence is being used here.Carrie Henn 's character is ripped apart to make sure an alien isnt inside her even though nobody thinks how Ripley mananged to survive the crash.This is further emphasised because Hicks drowned in his cryotube.There are too many plotholes and as a result the even more farfetched sequel sprung from this jargon.Ultimatley Alien 3 is a film I can not watch again after seeing Alien and Aliens because it wrecks both films for me personally .
 With Alien and Aliens being such exemplary filmwork , it 's hard to give this 3rd segment of the series kudos . The special effects was not given the attention that was heeded in the first 2 installments.That 's unfortunate .
 Basically Alien like so many American made movies were a huge hit in Australia and the UK . Alien 3 was cast with prodominantly Aussie and UK actors as a thanks for their those respectively country 's contribution to thier past box office success . That 's pretty much it ... Did I like it ? Good acting Poor plot ...
 The director said he made this film for his friends . There are plenty struggling directors out there with greater abilities that could have been used . This is a commercial project and not a vehicle for showing-off to friends.When the warden says there are no aliens on his prison and gets immediately snatched up from above , it 's so artificial that the whole scene becomes a waste of opportunities . An amatuer filmmaker knows you have to give the actors reaction time ! Maybie Fincher is an amatuer in a job he ca n't handle.I did n't think his other movie Seven was very good . Fight club was good but I did n't like seeing buildings blown up then or even now .
 I thought Sci-fi `` buffs '' were smarter than this . I am not even that big on plot points , but this movie fails . Ok , in some ways the movie is n't too bad since i cared for the general plot and characters . Since i am not a big fan of the Alien series i did not feel cheated by the deaths of the kid or marine . What bothers me are the laughable effects and major plot holes which i guess fans seem to want to overlook because they blindly love the series.First ; Why is the alien killing ? It is n't eating , it is n't protecting , and is not building a nest ... . c'mon people ! I mean Jason Voorhees had more reason to kill than this alien.and Second ; Why did the Corporate Force fly all the way out there , armed to the teeth only to stand there at the end and watch that platform SLOOOOOWLY turn so Ripley could jump into the vat and kill herself saying , `` What is she doing ?!? '' DUH - stop her , you have like 5 minutes while that platform turns to that vat of lead ... At no point did i feel that the alien did nothing more than provide jump scares .
 I bought a copy used and will not play , I have tried it on two players one a PS3 and another one regular Blu-ray player and it did not play at all . I know it is not an issue with the seller , I have nothing against them in fact the were great in handling the issue it is a problem with the mass produced copies in my opinion .
 Viewed
 I can recall once seeing a nice little family film titled ` Anne of Green Gables ` available at Amazon.HOLD IT ! what has AOGG got to do with Aliens3 you may well ask , have patience.AOGG was a great family film and so was it 's sequel . BUT IT WENT ON AND ON AND ON until it became so orrible it just died because the studio got GREEDY . The same could be said of ` Alien3 ' the first 2 excellent but then comes ` Alien3 ' . The filthy language is enough to make even the devil blush even with the excuse of being realistic.The EGG at the begining is never explained and killing off the other 2 plus poor Bishop left Ripley at the start in an isolated state . One huge flaw , and there are many , is in the ` Assembled Version ' Ripley dicoveres she has a queen alien in her by having a scan carried out in the wrecked pod . Why did ` nt she carry out the same procedure for little Nute instead of us being put through the emotional procedure of cutting the poor kid open.I would not plug this film.Please stop at James Camerons Masterpiece ` Aliens ' . Thomas Knight , Wintergarden Film -LRB- Aust -RRB-
 While this movie may be a decent film in itself , it can not even be compared to the others in the series . I am an extreme Aliens fan and I was very disappointed by this movie . The creature in this one is supposed to move and act differently -LRB- since this time it is born from an animal and thus has animal like qualities -RRB- but the computer generated parts are totally obvious and unrealistic . It also does not adhere to the story
 This movie put me to sleep . I liked the first two . But this one sucked .
 Okay , look . My brother and I have a personal grudge against this disapointment . First off , how in the heck did an alien get on board the SULACO ? Sigourney Weaver -LRB- aka Baldy in this one -RRB- did n't care to even preserve the characters who survived , so killing Hicks and Newt - poor Newt , so she can cash in on her pay.And the effects were not good . I could tell the alien effects were not generated well . Again , shame !!!
 I use to be tolerant against misses and flaws in movies , but this movie goes too far ... In a way , i really love this movie . I love the depressing mood in it , i like many actors and music is very good . But the flaws really destroys it ! First i watched the original version . It is okey but I could not feature that the Alien coming out of the dog is almost bigger than the dog itself ! And in the end , when the alien comes out of her chest , she do n't dies and feels almost no pain , just holding the alien with her hands . How can the filmteam be so clumsy !!!! Then I watched the special edition . I liked it better . The ending was also better skipping the alien coming out of her . that was too studio and clich&eacute;e i think . But in the special edition i noticed another disturbing thing . In original version , you can see that Newt has drowned in her capsel . But in the Special edition , when they find her , she looks like a smashed mess , with her face totally demolished . But then in the obdocy-scene she looks real clean and in one piece . Have monkeys cutted this film ?? This could have been a great movie .
 Sigourney Weaver once again reprises her role as Ripley this time a fire threatning the Sulaco her pod lands on a penal colony.When she land she finds that she the only survivor of this crasy and the planets inhabitants are every single know vermon in the face of the universe.But an Alien has been abord her ship the hole time this alien being more faster and keener then any before Ripley is once again chosen to her fate of fighting the creature once again.A lack luster script often dark but at times fallen short to a mediocre script with not much to go on however sigorney weaver is good in anything no matter weither it 's bad or good the Dvd is not very imressive but picture quality is good and sound is even better but your best bet is to get Alien or Aliens .
 The mistakes made in the production of this film are unforgivable - Its not only a bad ALIEN movie but its probably one of the most dissapointing films I have ever seen . The problem with it is the lack of tension and the fact that its depressing for the wrong reasons - People say Fincher had a hard time Directing/filming this - But HELLO ! The history of this series of movies suggests that all the directors had a hard time - Its no excuse for a bad movie ! Ok if u havent seen this movie yet , here is an example to give u some idea - Imagine an alternative version of say ` Star Wars
 What was the director of this movie thinking ! There is only one word that i can describe this movie with . CRAP Plain and simple this movie sucks . Most of the great charactors from Aliens are killed of in the first 30 seconds of the movie . Ok well some people might be able to handle that . Then the film is bogged down by bad effects , stupid charactors , and dialog that wanted to make me puke . If that wer n't bad enough the same face hugger manages to implant Ripley and a dog before dying off . I thought the face huggers only layed one egg before dying . Hmmmmmm ... If you want to see some really great sci-fi movies rent Alien and Aliens . Even Alien Ressurection is better than this sloppy excuse for a movie . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !
 Much has been written about the troubled production of Alien 3 and the problems that director Fincher faced at the hands of the studio . I only remember being extremely disappointed with this film as a sequel to Aliens , one of my most favourite of all sci fi movies.As a film , Aliens is awesome fun , a real nail biting rollercoaster , with fun likeable characters and a triumphant ending . You finish watching Aliens and you feel good . Ripley saved the day , rescued the child and saved a couple of other crew members , cool characters in their own right . As a sequel to the excellent Alien , it is a great success , because it did not try to repeat what Ridley Scott had done . If there was a graph describing the Alien franchise , Cameron left it climbing high.It crashes down hard with Alien 3 . Alien 3 is the cold turkey crash after the heroin rush of Aliens . Everything Ripley has achieved is thrown away in the opening credits of this film . Newt and Hicks are killed just like that . You liked them in Aliens ? Tough , they are gone . You are introduced to a whole cast of prison characters who , in addition being hard to identify because they all look much the same , are either unlikeable or tragic . Its like the people who made this film did n't really understand what had gone before it and had no real love for the characters that James Cameron had so painstakingly created . On its own , it might be ok . But it 's a sequel to Aliens written by unsympathetic writers.Watching it is like reading a sequel to Pride & Prejudice , in which Mr Darcy cheats on Elizabeth Bennet -LRB- with a man -RRB- , or a sequel to Winnie the Pooh , where Christopher Robin burns all his toys and laughs at the tears welling up in Poohs eyes as he tries to rescue Piglet from the flames but only succeeds in immolating himself.I
 Written as an exponent , the 3 in Alien 3 should have been a denominator . It 's an unworthy sequel to the stunning first two `` Aliens '' films . It was endlessly rewritten , and its patchwork character shows . Moreover , Sigourney Weaver used her producer 's credit to make changes which detract from the film.Ripley crashes on a planet which is a combination leadworks , prison , and monastery -LRB- three scripts there -RRB- . Her fellow survivors from `` Aliens '' have perished -LRB- focusing all attention on Weaver -RRB- . No ingenious gizmos or weapons are shown -LRB- reflecting Weaver 's Luddite preferences -RRB- . The only fine aspects of the film are Charles Dance 's performance as a haunted ex-doctor , and Elliot Rosenthal 's beautiful musical score . It 's not enough.Note
 Directed by David Fincher , `` Alien 3 '' is ... well , let 's face it ... pitiful . Not even thrilling , it ca n't even compare to the pair of semi-classics which followed before it . The story is weak , the acting bland , the special effects so-average-it 's - not-funny , and the entire idea is just dumb . After two great predecessors , what do you expect ? Okay , maybe sequels are good , but after that ? You have nothing .
 This movie is the second worst in the series , the ending of alien 2 offered so many grate chances to make a good alien 3 sequal . But David Fincher had to make it a boaring , depressing movie like he allways does with all his films.I do think alien resurrection is worse becouse the guys who made that movie had no idea what the alien `` Spirit '' was about and made a movie that looked nothing like an alien movie too me . I think fincher did a little better then that , but not much better .
 The third installment of what would become a four-part -LRB- so far -RRB- series , Alien3 is by far the weakest entry . The story is n't bad , though not terribly original , either . Ripley , having escaped with Newt in `` Aliens '' lands on a prison planet . There she fends off a smaller , faster `` Alien '' along with some inmates . All of the actors are good in there roles , and Director Fincher does create a truly grimy , often overwhelmingly depressing atmosphere . But that 's the film 's achille 's heel too -- its depressing . In a trend that Fincher would `` fine-tune '' in his later film `` Seven '' , he creates a true Bummer of a film from the opening scenes . When Ripley is discovered alive , it is also revealed that Newt , the lovable little girl who went through hell with Ripley to make it out alive at the end of `` Aliens '' is dead -- killed by another Alien as she slept . Why ? No reason given -- other than setting up Fincher 's obsession for bleakness . Bottom line , Fincher , who got his start in Madonna videos , might make a good Director of Photography , but he 's a lousy director . Bleakness aside , this film has none of the suspense of Ridley Scott 's original or the energy and action of James Cameron 's follow-up `` Aliens '' . Like a fat feline that just got back from the groomer 's , it looks good but just lays there . Stick with the first one if you want scares , the second if you want thrills .
 Horrible is the word I would use to summarize this film in one word . This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen . The only reason anyone would see this movie is to keep up with the series . However , you are not missing anything by not watching it . The film is way too dark and , not to mention , it is not entertaining at all . Director David Fincher 's style does not fit the Alien series at all .
 `` Alien '' was a relentlessly bleak , beautifully atmospheric masterpiece of horror and dread , one of the few truly adult examples of the science fiction genre . Its sequel , `` Aliens '' , was far less disturbing , aiming more for visceral , action-movie thrills ; nonetheless , it was still a powerhouse of a movie , especially in its wonderful `` Special Edition '' DVD incarnation . The notorious `` Alien 3 '' , on the other hand , is an utterly miserable failure , certainly the most insultingly juvenile follow-up to a good movie since the equally terrible `` Return of the Jedi '' . From its hopelessly rushed , sloppily-edited opening title sequence , to its endless , murky `` alien-cam '' chase finale , `` Alien 3 '' consists of nothing more than a shocking series of miscalculations on the part of the filmmakers , who manage to create not even one moment of suspense , horror , or thrills in nearly two hours of MTV-styled tedium . Particularly frustrating -LRB- and embarrassing -RRB- for the viewer is watching Sigourney Weaver and Lance Henriksen , two great performers , struggle to create anything interesting with their underwritten characters ; both fail horribly . Even `` Alien 4 '' looks great in comparison to this , possibly the worst sequel ever made .
 1 . We do n't learn anything new about the Aliens . THE STORY REAKS ! 2 . Instead of making this movie about the Aliens , the producers make this movie about Ripley 's emotional journey .3 . It does not add to the storyline
 * WARNING
 I agree that they shouldve stopped at two if they were going to just kill off everyone . They went through this incredible odyssey in Alien and Aliens , especially in the latter where Ripley does everything to save Newt and what happens ? She dies right away shortly after going to sleep on the way home . Nice . That ruined it for me right there . The rest of the movie , although it does have some nice alien moments , is actually poorly acted and boring . And how is it that Ripley had such a long gestation period ? Didnt Kane in the first one have a relatively short one and it happened shortly after he became conscious ? This movie almost made me not like Alien and Aliens it was such a disrespectful movie . There are tons of ideas for an alien movie . This one was the wrong one in just about every way .
 This is the perfect case of film companies wanting to squeeze out a little more money in a series no matter how bad the movie turns out . Alien 1 & 2 were great films , even watching them now years later I 'm still on the edge of my seat.I bought the big Alien DVD set and sat down to watch 3 last night for the first time , and I could n't even finish it , it was just bad , terrible , stupid . The Alien name aside , this was a poorly done movie from all angles . Nothing made sense , it was goofy , acting was terrible -LRB- except for Sigourney and the doctor -RRB- , and it was n't the least bit scary .
 I am a big fan of the first two Alien movies so like most fans I just had to see the 3rd one even though the reviews were pretty mixed . I can now see why there were quite a few negative reviews and low-star ratings . There was not much to like about this movie . Here is a breakdown for you of the good and bad : GOOD : - Decent looking sets , dark and dreary prison establishment was well done . - Seeing the real -LRB- human -RRB- Bishop towards the end of the movie was kind of cool . - An interesting premise and start to the movie . I really thought it might go somewhere and had my hopes up after a fairly cool beginning and initial concept.BAD : - Killing off Hicks and Newt ... BAD ... very bad . - CGI Alien looks absolutely awful . It was also acting like it was a half-dog -LRB- which in fact it WAS -RRB- which made it look even dumber . - Over the top , Friday the 13th style violence got silly really fast , almost laughable . - No characters that you liked ... . I ENJOYED watching them get shredded up ! - One Alien killing almost the entire prison population was a little far fetched . I mean c'mon ... it was hard to believe . When one of the moron prisoners let the Alien out after they conveniently trapped it I almost shut it off ... how DUMB can you be ? Again , laughable . - No plot , no real point . After everything Ripley had been through for goodness sakes you 'd think someone would have rescued her or something or given her a break . The mean old company thing was getting old . I mean what the heck ... is n't there someone on Earth that cares ? This was another hard to swallow issue . - The movie dragged at times and I was getting fidgety which means I 'm bored . I do n't move much during good , captivating movies , I sit and get into them . It just seemed to be one pointless conversation after another , then a feeble attempt at killing the Alien , then a bunch of guys you could care less about get splattered . Lather , rinse , repeat ... for over two hours . - Is everyone in space British ? I like our British friends and all but at times you could have sworn you were watching some BBC Sci-fi movie with the massive accents . - The Alien survived a hot-lead drowning which was WAY cheesey . We know from other Alien films that these critters are tough as nails but they have their limits . Not this one!Overall , I would skip this movie and just let the Alien `` Saga '' end at the 2nd film , Aliens . This one and Resurrection are both dogs and I suggest not wasting your time .
 Why was alien 3 made?Who had the guts to say to 20th century fox , Hey lets make alien 3 ? A movie by all means never ever should have been made?Who?Why?I mean alien 3 is long , boring , and without imagination . Really puts down Alien and Aliens , two movies I love.But when you stand it up to Alien resurection , it is good.Allthough alien 3 is 2 hours and 15 minutes of my life i will NEVER get back its worth a watch for fans of the alien movies .
 If this were a movie on its own , not meant to be a sequel , it might be ok . It had a very frightening atmosphere . I think I was expecting more when I watched this movie recently , but it left me feeling horribly depressed . I suppose the storyline could n't allow Hicks and Newt to survive but I think it was unnecessary to show the bodies of the characters I grew attached to in the last film.Ok , besides my own unhappy feelings towards the movie , it was quite unrealistic . If you follow the story of the first two Alien movies in the series , there 's no way there could have been an alien on their ship . I completely disregard this movie and I do n't think I should have wasted my time watching it .
 This movie is horrible , cant you people see that ! It has a bad story , and the only thing that makes this movie qualify as a movie in the excellent Alien series are the special effects . They far surpass Alien and Aliens . And since Alien Ressurection was made in '98 it doesnt count . By the way just to let you know , Aliens vs Predator , THE MOVIE , is in production right now , for you AvP fans .
 Exactly . What WERE they thinking ? Perhaps they wanted to go back to the genre 's original calling - A horror movie . Fine . Then make the film suspenseful . They did n't . Then make the characters sympathetic . They did n't . Then make the premise interesting . They did n't . Instead of spending time making scenes look cool , perhaps they should 've spent time making scenes that WERE cool . They did n't . Unfortunately , the suits in Hollywood made a sequel to this film . Did they learn their lesson with Alien 3 ? Unfortunately , they did n't .
 The other reviewers here are right . Alien 3 was just beyond the abilities of the crew . The writing was poor . The CGI laughable . Alas , if I were the director , I would merely cut all the scenes with CGI and immediately get a better movie . The first two -LRB- Alien and Aliens -RRB- are great in Blu-Ray ; just skip this one .
 Aliens was the perfect conclusion , but this ruins it . Bad effects , plot , and etc make a bad film . It only deserves one star for Sigourney Weaver and thats it.P.S . Stay away from the fourth at all costs unless you are either a diehard fan of this series , Sigourney Weaver , or C.G.I. exploitation .
 David Fincher was not meant to direct this movie . His obsession with death sunk to a new low and made `` Alien 3 '' the least successful installment of the four-part series . There are also numerous plot holes and laughable creature effects.The movie begins with a facehugger that mysteriously materializes onboard the marine cruiser Sulaco . If you paid attention to `` Aliens '' you should know that the queen CAN NOT lay egg pods without growing a large birth sac . It is also unlikely that a facehugger hitched a ride with the queen back to the Sulaco since its behavior dictates that its purpose is solely for procreation and not its own protection.Long story short , the facehugger starts a fire and the Sulaco 's computer automatically puts Ripley , Hicks , Bishop , and Newt into an EEV and jettisons it . While drifting in space , the facehugger implants an alien embryo inside Ripley . The EEV crashes into the ocean beside a half shut-down penal colony , and is shortly rescued by the custodial staff , made up mostly of convicted felons . Hicks is impaled by a life support console , Bishop is smashed beyond repair , and Newt drowns in her hypersleep chamber . A prisoner 's curious dog prowls the EEV and is attacked and impregnated by THE SAME facehugger that implanted Ripley . -LRB- Facehuggers die immediately after one implantation . -RRB- Soon , Ripley discovers that a new `` dog alien '' is loose in the compound and she must rally the prisoners to destroy it before the Company arrives to take it captive and exploit it as a military weapon . -LRB- Another mistake -- the dog alien takes a considerably shorter time to burst out of the host than Ripley 's despite the fact that it was implanted later . -RRB- Creature effects utilize early CGI and make the alien look cartoonish . The mixture of trained actors , articulated costumes , and animatronics works much better -LRB- `` Aliens '' -RRB- . The chase scenes from the alien 's point of view are a little ridiculous . Fine performances are given by Sigourney Weaver -LRB- as always -RRB- , Charles Dutton , and Charles Dance , however , it is not enough to sweeten the sour aftertaste of the movie .
 The only real problem with Alien 3 is that it should never have been made . 20th Century Fox was greedy and made this disaster . There is really nothing good about this film . The charactors are unlikable . The story is far to simple and claustrophobic . A simple way to kill off all the survivors of the 2nd film . Why not stop with Aliens . An academy award winning hit that was superior to the original . A film that launched director James Cameron to super director status -LRB- and Titanic and Avator -RRB- . The only redeeming qualities of this film is that it looks good , has decent actors , and the special effects are good . The story is horrible . And the ending -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- , is Sigourney Weaver playing Joan of Arc . Sorry , no second oscar for this performance . In fact , no oscars for anything in this mess . The only reason I gave this clunker 2 stars instead of one is the redeeming qualities I talked about . If you have never seen this film , your lucky . Do yourself a favor and stay away . Remember , in space no one can hear you scream , unless you saw this movie .
 The first two entries in the Alien world were beautifully crafted , cohesive , actually believable stories , and I have only good things to say about them . Three was an awful disappointment , but based on the absurd premises , uncommitted direction and writing , and general ham-handling of it , the result was perhaps the best we could hope for . It 's a lot of gray , yellow and black motion brought to you by a director who should have known better than to tell a two-hour story with Nike-ad blur-and-flash action shots .
 This is easily the worst Alien film , which is remarkable considering how awful the fourth film was.Alien 3 is often muddled , dark and incomprehensible with an annoying music video/video game quality to the filmmaking that makes it difficult to sit through.While the first two Alien films are classics and worth being in any film buffs collection , the last two are truly awful and should be ignored as cheap , unworthy successors.At least the fourth film had some of an amatuerish `` so bad , it 's funny '' quality to it . This film is just an awful , depressing mess . Avoid it like the plague .
 What an absolute travesty . By far , this is the LEAST favorite of all the Alien movies . `` Aliens '' left off on a hopeful note of `` no more bad dreams '' ... until Alien 3 came along and injected its OWN `` bad dream . `` Hope for the fragile human spirit ? Love of childhood innocence ? We 're sorry , that 's not allowed in this third farce of a movie . Let 's squash it head-on early in the movie by killing off two of the characters that we grew so attached to in the second movie as this may complicate the intricate plot of the 3rd movie.Oh , I 'm sorry , WHAT intricate plot ? Originally , some of you may remember a teaser trailer that stated something along the lines of `` On Earth , EVERYONE can you hear you scream . '' Chills galore !! Aliens on Earth ... how scary is that prospect?Oops , we 're sorry , no film budget ... guess we 're going to have to go to butchered plot # 2 : Let 's see ... as J. Bollen describes in his review , how does the whole facehugger loophole work ? It does n't ... see his review ... he covers that ground QUITE NICELY , but I will paraphrase here . Facehuggers do not , repeat NOT , impreganate hosts MORE THAN ONCE . If they did , then the first Alien movie would have been quite different . It 's laughable that an Alien egg is shown at the beginning of the film as this would imply that it had been deliberately placed there somehow . Nah-uh ... the Queen could not have laid it and NO ONE ELSE FROM THE SULACO GOT BACK TO THE SHIP UNTIL THE VERY END . So ... how did it get there ? How does Bishop know there was an Alien on-board and , if he knew through the computer system , why had n't the computer tried to wake its passengers when something foreign was detected ? It knew well enough to eject the pod when a fire started . This in itself is somewhat weak ... what fire could be so severe that it could not be quashed with some sort of Halon system ? Everyone is in their cryo-tube , so a fear of not having an oxygen supply would have been meted out . Sorry , it 's really weak ... the film-makers would have done well to explain it . However , they do n't and intent to insult your intelligence by throwing it in your face with brief clip-shots of languid explanations.Ok , loopholes aside , we are on a new planet . Nothing real exciting to look at . All right , let 's just move on to the facility which looks industrial to say the least . Okay , nothing new here either . Let 's move on to characters.The warden , a cardboard cutout of the disbelieving members of the Company from the second movie , explains his disbelief of the Alien in such a similar way to cause eye-rolling `` get on with it '' looks . No weapons ? A cloaked way of saying
 I 've seen `` Alien 3 '' only once , when it was first released , and I absolutely hated it . Reading the other reviews here on this movie , a majority of reviewers also seem to hate the movie . There are a lot of reasons given as to why this is such a terrible movie and I agree with every one of them . Here 's a few more thoughts on this subject : I loved `` Aliens '' . It had all of the usual sweeping James Cameron themes - the self-sacrificing Heroic Male ; a female who grows during the course of the movie from a helpless observer to a heroine ; a nascent love story that develops between these two characters ; and a complex relationship between a parent figure and a child ; all set in the backdrop of a terrifyingly fast paced action adventure story . `` Aliens 3 '' starts right off the bat to prove that it is NOT `` Aliens '' by annihilating all five of these Cameron themes.Like many fans of `` Aliens '' , I 'd grown quite fond of Newt and Hicks , and so it was just the downer of all time to see them killed off right at the beginning of `` Alien 3 '' . All through `` Alien 3 '' , I kept wondering - WHY ? Killing off Newt and Hicks was so unnecessary , and so atypical of the Hollywood sequel industry . Michael Biehn was not exactly in a position to turn down a reprise of his role , since he never became a big movie star . Carrie Henn never made another movie , but she would have been too old for the role anyway , and could have been replaced with another child actress . Surely the movie moguls and bean counters would know from experience that the surest formula for a successful sequel would be to reprise the same familiar characters from the previous big hit.And then there was the overall misandrist tone of the movie - this was a movie that could only have been written by a man-hater . The movie is filled with male characters who exhibit only the worst male characteristics - extreme violence , cruelty , stupidity , greed , cowardice , and weird rituals . Male virtues - compassion , loyalty , honor , duty , and courage under fire , are no where in sight.Hicks gets killed off-screen , coolly and clinically , and the affection and budding romance with Ripley that was in `` Aliens '' is ignored as if it never was . Newt 's role is stretched out a bit further as a corpse in an autopsy that Ripley insists on watching . Remember how Ripley screamed and searched with such desperation when Newt slipped from her grasp into that ventilator shaft in `` Aliens '' ? Where is this same emotion in `` Alien 3 '' when Ripley discovers that both Newt and Hicks are dead ? What a waste of energy for Ripley to have saved Newt in `` Aliens '' . Does she even care anymore?Ripley does get to become the undisputed star of this movie , complete with a hokey Christ-figure death scene at the end.Finally , as the credits roll at the end of the movie , it all becomes clear . Sigourney Weaver has a production credit ! That meant she had creative control of this movie!And I remember the revelation that flashed into my mind at the time . The movie studio had to cajole her into reprising the role of Ripley . There were signs from her reactions in certain talk shows that she strongly disliked Michael Biehn in real life , for whatever reason.So , I have always blamed Sigourney Weaver for killing off Hicks and Newt , and for creating this awful movie . Whenever I watch `` Aliens '' , there is a certain pain and sadness in seeing Hicks and Newt come to life , to be saved by this actress who would betray them in the next movie.I know of some hardcore `` Aliens '' fans who have never seen `` Alien 3 '' , having heard in advance just how bad the movie was . I wish I was one of those lucky people .
 Well judging from some of the reviews I see the nihilists are out in full force to try and defend this turkey , that sent the `` Alien '' franchise into a downward spiral . The problems start right off the bat with this movie . An alien egg is somehow on board the Sulaco military ship with no explanation as to how it got there . All the surviving cast from `` Aliens '' accept Ripley are needlessly killed off in the first 10 minutes . Making their struggles and heroics in the last film a total waste of time . We also go back to 1 alien running around killing everyone , which we 've already seen before . Compounded by the fact that most of the characters are a bunch of bald criminals on a prison planet , so we really have no sympathy for them when the alien starts picking them off . There are a few things I did like about this movie . The sets have an amazing gothic look . Some of the camera work is very artistic and I like the idea of the alien coming out of a animal host and taking on some of its characteristics . However ! A few undigested pieces of candy in a turd does n't change the fact that their in a turd . If your a fan of the first two `` Alien '' films do yourself a favor and stop there .
 The main bad thing in the movie itself is definately the swearing.The story is so bad because it kills off everything James Cameron did in Aliens.They kill Hicks and the little girl and Bishop ends up in dump.Another thing is how cheesy some of the dialog is.Also how in the heck did an alien survive from the second film?The queen could ` nt have layed eggs because her tail was shot off and that is where the eggs are produced so this movie does n't make to much sense.A sad addition to the great sci-fi series .
 Probably the most frustrating thing about this movie was the fact that it had so much potential . It had such a terrific setup from the previous film . There were so many great paths they could have taken the story at the conclusiion of `` Aliens '' that it is hard to figure out where they took such a bad turn with Alien 3 . There are very few characters that one can sympathize with since it takes place on a prison planet filled with rapists and murderers . Sigourney Weaver tries to work with a particularly lackluster script and story . If it were n't for her sincerity and history with the creatures , the movie would have been a complete disaster . The end of the film is also disappointing , giving us a particularly depressing conclusion to the trilogy . Several years later , I was excited to see `` Alien
 With the success of Aliens , it was inevitable that another Alien movie would come . Unfortnately this one is the worst in the series . I 'm amazed it spawned a sequel .
 ALIEN 3 brings back Ellen Ripley -LRB- Weaver -RRB- who is stranded on a prison planet , with no weapons , and yet another alien.MY REVIEW : `` Overall
 ALIEN was great . ALIENS was an all time masterpiece . And ALIEN3 is ... well , not as bad as everyone says . On the good side , we have a great opening sequence , some great effects -LRB- a few dodgy ones though -RRB- , a very good musical score and some very good performances . On the bad side , there 's ... well , it 's inexplicable . Something about this movie just fails to live up to the other two . There 's too much gore and too much talk -LRB- like ALIEN in that respect -RRB- , and simply not enough action ! Blood-and-guts fans will have little to complain about , and it does have some of the suspense that made ALIEN so popular . But on the whole , ALIEN3 is one of the weakest Alien films - unless you count the latest nail in the Alien coffin , ALIEN RESURRECTION ...
 Now , after viewing the DVD powerhouses , Alien and Aliens , I felt let down that Fox returned to thier basic DVD foundation . Only one trailer and a `` Making of '' feature . Boring :-LRB- This film is not that great to begin with , so Fox , try to add some cool features to make it cool . A commentary would have been cool or deleted scenes . I know of several deleted scenes -LRB- about 15 minutes of footage -RRB- available out in the video market . Come on Fox , try a little , you were doing so well with the first two Alien films . Oh well .
 When we last left Ripley , she tangooed with a queen alien which she blew out the air lock . Feeling coffident she killed all the aliens once and for all , Ripley goes into hypersleep with the lone survivors of the mission . It ai n't long before she wakes up on an unknown planet , and more aliens are afoot !!! This is my least favorite of the alien series . Scifi/horror fans put this one aside .
 It was supposed to be about the Aliens coming to Earth , but you know how things get screwed up in Hollywood . This is the end result . I give it 0 stars simply due to the lost potential . The script ideas for Alien 3 that were being tossed around sounded very exciting , what happened ?? I surmise that someone was trying to make some grand statement about something but wound up making a bad sequel instead.I guess that I was supposed to say `` I see , the Alien is a metaphor for the precarious nature of life , love and existence . . blah , blah , blah '' after seeing this disaster in the theatres . What I actually said was `` I want my money back . ''
 Director
 The original Alien and its sequel Aliens are true classics of the genre . Different movies in almost every way , but equally superior film making . Alien 3 and Alien Resurrection are sorry excuses for sequels . They 're classic examples of Hollywood greed . Bad stories wrapped in excellent SFX do n't make memorable movies . Alien and Aliens should be at or near the top of your `` Must Have '' sci-fi/horror/action DVD list . Aliens 3 and Alien Resurrection ... well , something has to be at the bottom o ' the heap .
 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERSPut aside the fact that Newt , Hicks , and Bishop did not survive . Put aside the fact that Ripley miraculously ends up with criminals at a prison . Put aside Ripley being impregnated somehow with a queen and committing suicide by falling into lava . Put aside all the silly , idiotic stuff in the script . What the first two movies had that this one horribly lacked was tension . It had gore and grossness , but without the tension , it was as scary as trick-or-treaters on Halloween night.I loved Alien . I really enjoyed Aliens . After having seen this one , I just choose to ignore it altogether as though it never happened .
 I 'll start with something positive as it is not a film without good qualities . It 's stylish , atmospheric and very well acted . The score is good , particulary at the end ... and the conclusion of Ripley 's story is powerfully moving . As a film in it 's own right it would not be half bad.As a sequel , though , it is a bitter disappointment . All the good qualities above can not make up for the fact that everything that was so brilliant about Alien and Aliens has been callously disregarded . The biggest weak point is the poor characterisation . Almost all the new characters are poorly defined , unlikeable and practically indistinguishable from one another . To boot , the characters that we did care about - the survivors from Aliens - are casually disposed of before even the opening titles have finished . It 's a bleak and brutal start , which was no doubt the intent , but it was too much . The film never recovers.The tension that made the first two films so compelling is gone . The shock of Hicks and Newt dying lingers throughout the entire story , distracting you from the plot and making it hard to care about anything else that happens . You just do n't get that nail-biting terror when the people being hunted mean nothing to you.I 'll give it a star for the ending and one for the acting . But I ca n't forgive the writers for making me feel more like I 've been punched in the guts than entertained .
 The other 3 were great . This movie was terrible , why spend Aliens trying to save Newt then have an uneventfull death at the beginning of 3 . Clearly , the worst of the series .
 This obvious attempt to kill the ` franchise ' should have been in 3D . Why did they kill off Hicks , anyway ? Perhaps the filmmakers were they afraid someone interesting would be placed in the movie . This movie has no plot . At the end , the character 's plan seems to be to run around in circles until enough of them are killed off to allow the movie to end , I was glad when the required number was met .
 I have a problem with any film that sets up as its backdrop a universe where life is cheap and said universe is ruled by corporations . This is quite obvious in the Aliens environment where it is painfully clear that people mean nothing in light of corporate profits . In Alien and Aliens the Wayland Yutani corporation ignored risk to life and limb so that it could recover the alien species for their bio-weapons division . With that in mind take a look at Alien 3 , which has prison worlds . If life is so cheap in this universe , why would anyone bother with the expense of running a prison planet where there is no profit to be made?Alien 3 is a pretty lame film overall , and basically a shallow reconstruction of the first film by placing the protagonists in a more helpless position , such as being on a starship without weapons or trapped on a prison planet without weapons , and faced with the lurking alien menace . It opens aboard the Space Battleshup Sulaco where , somehow , another alien has managed to secret itself on board and damages the hypersleep capsules so that they are ejected to crash land on the prison world , killing Hicks , Newt and destroying the android Bishop in the crash leaving Ripley as the only survivor yet again . Oh , bravo , guys ; kill some of the best characters introduced in the series thus far . Oh , I forgot to mention that _ somehow _ Ripley is impregnated and now carries not just a regular old alien , but one that will eventually become a queen.The film does present some interesting features about the creatures ' biology , such as they tend to mimic features of the creatures they impregnate . In this case a German Shepherd plays host and so the resultant alien has decidedly canine features . However , a lot of this has already been postulated by Dark Horse comics which capitalized on the franchise well before this movie came out , and Aliens director James Cameron also commented on such things in subsequent interviews after the release of Aliens in 1986 . What was most galling to me , however , was the fact that William Gibson had been slated to write the Alien 3 screenplay , but was dropped by Fox after he had written the a first draft . Having since read his draft , I ca n't understand why . I would have figured that Fox would have been hot to give Gibson 's script a chance giving his star was rising in 1992 . Lastly we come to David Fincher the director whose only claim to fame thus far had been music videos . Fincher suffers from the same problems that Michael Bay -LRB- D. Armageddon -RRB- suffers from in that he shoots his movies like they were 3 minute rock music videos , meaning he has liberal use of people walking in slow motion and montage sequences as though he is trying to encapsulate scenes so that they can stand alone . Whatever . The end result as it completely fails to build suspense to little more than the shape lurking behind the curtain . But done with cool colored lighting and slow music.In the theater I could only breathe a sigh of relief when , at the end , the chest burster erupts from Ripley 's chest just as she falls into the pool of molten metal . Relieved because I had assumed that Fox would n't continue the franchise and leaving it dead at # 3 . I was wrong , of course , but at least ` Resurrection ' was an apology for their previous blunder . Makes me glad I have a lot of the Dark Horse comics , titles like ` Tribes ' and subsequent Ripley/Hicks/Newt team ups take the series in a much better direction . This film stinks on ice .
 I bought this DVD expecting to enjoy the movies , but for my big surprise , I just could see one of the five movies and was not complete ! . I had to return it !
 This movie was just okay at best . It was n't really good enough to hold your interest .
 This movie is a bit boring , typical late teen movie , no money have to save the building before the bank claims it back . The brunette is the only girl worth watching.Not recommened .
 Despite some handsome ink wash landscapes and cityscapes , this is a plodding low-budget adaptation . Needless to say , drastic cuts in the plot are necessary to scale Dickens 's novel down to the length of a short film , but thanks to clumsy script-writing and editing , the plot is not very clear for children . There 's surely a better way to initiate kids to this story .
 Someone must have made a buck on this release . Because not a dime can have been spent producing it.The subject , kyokushin kai karate - the first full contact karate style , is interesting -LRB- and I am personaly a fanatic about it -RRB- but this dvd set is a disgrace.The first DVD in the set is the worst.It is available separately on amazon as `` Kyo Ku Shin Way This is True Karate '' and is 58 minutes in lenght.Someone has gone trough their old video collection and dug up all their old 3rd generation vhs to vhs copies and captured them on their computer -LRB- with a bad video capturing program that `` skipps '' when the video signal gets to bad - which is frequently -RRB- . Mixed the scenes about a bit , added a title screen in some video editing program and decided it was finished!Im not kidding , it is old vhs copies -LRB- old , faded signal , with tension distortions at the edges and everything else that goes with very old and used vhs tapes -RRB- from the 70ies and 80ies . Ive seen most of them before , and I kind of doubt they have gotten the rights to use the material . Most are still commersialy available as vhs -LRB- in good quality -RRB- , in japan.There are no subtext to the japanese sound and text shown , but that is ok since the scenes are so mixed up that the sound -LRB- which are from the originals -RRB- makes no sense anyway.Most of it are barely viewable short clips from old world open tournaments . All mixed together.The second DVD is slightly better , but not by much.it is 23 minues in length , and is available spearately `` Kyo Ku Shin Kai 's Mas Oyama - d '' on amazon.It begins almost the same . Very bad quality ripoffs from other releases and then goes on to some videofilms at training camps during the 90ies . It shows a few minutes of black-and-white old footage of Mas Oyama -LRB- the founder of kyokushin karate -RRB- , but then it goes back to the training camp clips again.Yet again we get to watch a lot of blank screens where the capture program has not been able to capture the vhs video signal.As a kyokushin karate practicioner , as a fan of martial arts in general and karate in particular , I have to warn people about this one . The quality is abysmal and so far from profesional it is almost funny . At times there are more frozen pictures and blank screens due to the horrible capture , than it is actual moving movie . But with the price set for it -LRB- currently $ 49.95 -RRB- , it is not amusing anymore.I can not belive that someone actualy released this!The subject may be interesting , but this DVD is junk and border line scam !
 For 7.99 you get a dvd that works like a giant egg timer . with belches . Power hour should be played with background music , this dvd takes the fun completely out of drinking with friends . you 're stuck staring at a TV screen reading insipid suggestions from ` beer man ' instead of enjoying a drinking game ...
 The music in this game is totally unoriginal , obvious frat boy crap . We tried using this game to direct our power hour , but everyone just kept laughing at how lame the songs were . We ended up just passing around an ipod and having a much better time for it .
 Should I give my money to a homeless person , or get a DVD about how to drink beer?Is this seriously for sale ? If you need to pay for a DVD with instructions on how to drink beer shots , you 've got issues my friend .
 Steve Rooster is clearly a huge dork . This game is terrible and the owner is sleezy for trying use a widely known term exclusively for this junk . This game is n't just not fun , it is also tedious and embarrassing .
 Steve Roose is an absolute jackass that , as others have mentioned , found a way to suck all the fun out of power hours . This poor excuse for a drinking game has somehow been trademarked . Trademarking the term `` Power Hour '' is like trademarking the term `` Merry Christmas . '' The term Power Hour has been around for decades , and this assclown has found some loophole to trademark it and get all other LEGITIMATE power hours wiped from the internet . Do n't support this jerk !
 I thought it would be an awesome surprise for my friend 's birthday , but it turned out to be a disappointment . This video tries to turn ` power hour ' to ` boring geek hour ' . Oh well .
 this is a dvd version of an egg timer . with belches thrown in for lolz .
 even the images for this product are bad , the last image here says `` your drunk '' were you drunk when you wrote it , you mean you 're drunk -LRB- you are drunk -RRB- also this looks terrible the same crappy image is used to much and this looks like a very low level flash game ... how this made it onto a disk i do n't know ...
 Wish I would n't have purchased this . I can use my alarm clock next to my bed and be entertained better . At least that way I can have the tv on while we drink . 0 Stars .
 It 's YOU 'RE drunk not YOUR . YOU 'RE . Clearly this product was just a way to scam money out of people . If YOU ca n't take the time to grammar check before YOU release YOUR product than YOU do not care about the consumer 's enjoyment . YOU 'RE . YOU 'RE . YOU 'RE .
 Terrible graphics and audio . Do n't waste a dime on this poorly produced drivel . If I could rate with no stars I would !!!
 What 's better than taking the long-standing tradition of the power hour and working hard to create a version so amazing people pay for it despite free alternatives ? Slapping together a countdown timer with an annoying belch sound then threatening to sue the people providing all the superior products , obviously . To call this abomination a power hour is an insult to every college drinker , wide-eyed buzz seeker , and life-long alcoholic who has pounded six beers in an hour hoping to save some cash at the bar . It is the New Coke of drinking games
 My friend purchased this item and invited us over to play it . I found this product to be so abhorrent , so badly produced , and such a rip-off that I felt compelled to write a review . Lucky , our night of drinking was n't spoiled by this aberration , since I was able to Google `` Power Hour Drinking Game '' and found about 12,000,000 free versions of this game . . properly done of-course .
 It says a lot when the only positive reviews for a product were made by the owners of the company that produces that product . This product is garbage . This product is as much of a game as an epileptic third grader that happens to have a seizure every sixty seconds
 Not only is the guy who created this -LRB- Steve Roose -RRB- a bully who attempted to shut down any and all other people from using the term `` power hour '' by claiming he owned the rights to it , but his products suck . The man and his product are garbage .
 Inferior product . Along with poor business relations with others makes this product inferior to the MANY other Power Hour products . After all , `` Power Hour '' is a generic drinking game name ... Steve Roose ca n't force others into bowing to his crappy product .
 BOOOOOOO !!! This is bogus ! And the worst part is this guy duped the trademark office into granting him the trademark to `` Powerhour . '' You should be ashamed of yourself Steve Roose . You are a sleezeball and a crook ! Hey I 'm going to trademark the term video and sue you for making a video , idiot !
 I bought this because I thought it would be fun . How wrong I was this is the worst thing I have ever seen . Save your money and just go to the web to find a good power hour .
 Thankfully I received this DVD as a gift and did n't waste my own money on it . It 's boring and does n't even have music in the background ... my friends and I actually ended up playing an audio power hour in the background while watching the DVD , then we had to mute the DVD because the burping noise got so annoying , then we just turned the stupid DVD off and ended up giving it away . You can find much better Power Hours online for free .
 I would rather spend an hour ... . showering with a drunken clown than play this game again ... . manning a glory hole in a truck stop restroom in Southeastern Arkansas than play this game again ... . locked in a dark closet with a midget on PCP than play this game again ... . in a hot tub with a horny priest than play this game again.In summary , this product is a waste of money . It 's basically a bad powerpoint with a timer . You wo n't just be disappointed , you 'll be furious.Sidenote
 I 've been doing `` power hours '' both audio and video since like 8 years ago when I started college . It 's really fun and a great way to kickoff a night . Whoever made this has found a way to suck ALL THE FUN out of it . There 's really no point since it 's just like a ticking clock on the screen . If I wanted to watch a ticking clock for an hour I 'd go to the dentist . I want my money back plus damages for the bad name this is giving power hours in general haha .
 Not to be rude , but this was really atrocious . It 's basically a ticking clock . Just Google `` Power Hour '' and there are dozens of sites where you can get better PHs for free . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I 've enjoyed many power hours in my day ... this was easily the worst . I was hoping that since people are paying for this it would have cool music or video clips , but it 's pretty much a glorified PowerPoint presentation . Do n't waste your money on it - check online , ask around your college campus , or just make one yourself ! It 's not that difficult .
 This is a painfully bad video . It 's pretty much just a ticking clock . As my friend Dennis put it , you could have just as much fun with an egg timer . You can find infinitely better Power Hours online . Do n't waste your money .
 Listen , I 've been doing power hours for like 8 years -LRB- since college , ahem -RRB- . They 're an unequivocally fun way to kick off any night . Whoever made this has managed to suck ALL THE FUN out of power hours by making a DVD of a ticking clock . That is not what a power hour is . Anyone giving this a good review is probably just a friend of someone who made it because I can tell you for a fact it is a complete waste of every dollar you would spend on it . Dont Buy !
 There was n't a spec of creativity that went into the production of this video/game . Basically , as I see it , this co-opter climbed on the shoulders of a great tradition , put his stamp on it - a heinously odious one - and is now selling it . It undermines the very virtue of why Power Hours became popular in the first place . I agree with the previous review - just Google Power Hour and find more sites than you know what to do with that are FREE and immeasurably better .
 Really , really , really , really , really , really , really bad . Sucks the fun out of drinking entirely , as you 're forced to watch a timer on a screen while you and your friends wonder in awkward silence what else you could be doing with your lives . Two DUI 's , a failed marriage and chronic health problems - and I 've never considered giving up the drink until now . What a piece of garbage . Ugh .
 Judging just from the Preview that this creator has proffered , it is an absolute waste of dollars and he or she should apologize for putting their hands in the pockets of individuals too unwise to shy away from this product . I would rather watch a stopwatch or egg-timer on a table to indicate each minute interval as opposed to watching this DVD give me absurd `` Tips '' or `` Game Suggestions '' from the `` Beer Master '' . Do yourself a favor and do not support this unworthy product - and instead google `` PowerHours '' - you 'll find much better music mixes or other ways to count down the 60 minutes .
 I would elaborate , but I am have another tab open and I am watching some creative , thought out Power Hours online for free . Save your ten bucks and do a Google Search .
 Having watched this video there are far more comprehensive games out there . Googling will get you free versions ... or better yet , just borrow a stop watch or even a watch the clock in your frat house 's microwave , when a minute passes take a drink.Spend your money on more beer ; from the awful graphics to low video production quality this product is just flat out embarrassing .
 Do n't buy it . Nobody should support the maker of this product . It 's horrible , unoriginal , and uninspired . The people writing good reviews are family and the guy who made it himself . So pathetic .
 I can not fully describe how terrible this power hour is , as my brain is still trying to process how bad it was . Even if I were to forget about the terrible quality , the lack of music , the bad sound quality , etc. . It would still be terrible . It is a timer with burp sounds . The man who made this must be mentally challenged , or at least seriously drunk when he made this product , for it may be the worst product ever made . This product single handedly turned me into binge drinking , as after using this terrible product I went into my room and drank a bottle of whiskey , since it killed my faith in in humanity . It brought me a stones throw away from mixing pills and liquer , it was so bad .
 A misguided take on the power-hour concept , presented with hardly an iota of originality or flair . Less fun than you could think possible while drinking .
 What a waste of money . The drivel that emits from this DVD will kill your buzz before you even have one . It 's like a drinking game inspired by the opening credits of Meet Joe Black . We ended up turning it off and going over our mid term review on my birthday . Wack .
 I would rather spend an hour ... . showering with a drunken clown than play this game again ... . manning a glory hole in a truck stop restroom in Southeastern Arkansas than play this game again ... . locked in a dark closet with a midget on PCP than play this game again ... . in a hot tub with a horny priest than play this game again.In summary , this product is a waste of money . It 's basically a bad powerpoint with a timer . You wo n't just be disappointed , you 'll be furious.Sidenote
 Worthless excuse for a power hour DVD . Do n't waste your time or money on this boring garbage because the guy who made this is a talentless hack . There are much better power hour options -LRB- for free -RRB- online . DO N'T PAY FOR THIS TRASH ! I am only giving it one star because I have to . If Amazon had the option , I would n't give it ANY stars .
 Glancing through the reviews , and also having played power hour way back in college -LRB- late 90s -RRB- . I can safely say this is not how power hour is played . This product is as one reviewer stated , essentially a power point presentation with a burp sound . The two 5 star reviews are from Steve Roose -LRB- creator -RRB- and another gentleman who I suspect is a friend of Mr. Roose . Power hour is about having 60 songs that play for one minute each and taking a shot of beer ; not a silent power point presentation . If I were to use this to pregame as the other reviewer suggested , I 'm sure my friends would laugh at me for trying to get them to drink to some slides . If Amazon would allow zero or negative stars , this would be one of those products that warrants it . Save your money , and make your own power hour mix .
 Inferior Product . Avoid this waste of money and check out all the other power hour drinking games . OR just play for free at home . This thing is crap !
 I did n't purchase this item , but was at a friend 's house who did , and thought this product was so terrible that I had to warn others against buying it . There is simply nothing here of value . In fact , you can find the same exact thing for free everywhere on the internet .
 This DVD is a waste of money and time . The `` songs '' are completely horrible and a rip-off . I would recommend that no one spends even one cent on this trash .
 Got this as a gift with a bunch of other crap from the same company . This is the kind of product that makes you want to drink because you 're having such a BAD time alcohol is the only cure . Seriously , this thing is so boring it will suck the life out of any party . People fixate on the stupid screen and do n't talk to one another , they just wait for the slide to change . STUPID .
 A shoddy product made by a sad , sad little man who is just trying to screw everyone else out of the ability to use the words `` Power Hour '' . An overall pathetic attempt by an even more pathetic man . He should be ashamed of the crap he put Ms. Spagnola through .
 I 've never watched the DVD but the man who made it is sueing people the name Power Hour , saying he has the rights to the game that was thought of years ago . Just the fact that he is a scumbag I will not be purchasing this crap .
 This guy , and this DVD , is an absolute piece of trash . Steve Roose only made this DVD so he could run around and sue/shutdown people who want to use the term `` Power Hour , '' because lord knows this jackass invented the term . Suuuuure , I had never heard of power hour before this burping powerpoint DVD came out , of course , because it was never a common drinking game played in colleges EVERYWHERE .
 A friend of mine and I bought it together thinking it would be a fun to see how someone exploited a common drinking game for profit and somehow managed to trademark it , hoping that it would be good enough to deserve being the one and only . It is a complete waste of money . Horrible product . The powerpoint comment above is pretty dead on.DO NOT BUY .
 Steve Roose is a hack and a nobody . He is a liar , cheater , and plagiarizer , and a pathetic little man to say the least . This item is a blatant ripoff of a common game which he claims he came up with . You could have more fun with a stick and a rock .
 step 1
 This DVD sucks there were way better versions online for free but many of them are being shut down . I would not buy this it is a waste of your money . Kitchen timers would be better than this DVD . Please support the fight against the trademark to make power hours free again . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Power hours have probably been around since the first university was built , but this is so boring ! It might pass as a free product , but trust me , do n't waste your money .
 I am only giving this one star because I have to . I never leave reviews but the fact that amazon is actually selling a powerpoint presentation for 10 dollars is ridiculous , almost hilarious !
 Who does a power hour power point presentation ? The final screen says `` Congratulations Your Drunk ! '' YOUR ? It 's YOU 'RE , thanks ! If you are charging 10 dollars , I think you could have run spell check .
 This product is horribly unimaginative . Power hours are about finding 1 minute clips of funny videos or picking the best minute of your 60 favorite songs . Power hours are NOT about watching a ticking clock and listening to burp noises . Because the guy who makes it is a jerk and some how trade marked the term `` Power Hour '' he is currently on a rampage of deleting every other form of power hour off the net in order to make his HORRIBLE product the only one available . PS all the two positive reviews came from S. Roose , who owns the company , and another person named Roose who is probably the sleaze bag 's wife . Not only is this product terrible but so are the business practices of the owner .
 Longest hour of my life . Would rather have my balls crushed in a vice and fed to to ball hungry bears then to have to watch this again . Dear God , please make it stop
 I ca n't believe such a horrible product is sold here on Amazon . They should take it off . It 's so unimaginative and dull . People have been coming up with these types of songs and games for over 40 years . To think this guy has the gall to say he owns the idea of `` power hour '' with his horrible product , laughable . Expect a charge back on this one Amazon .
 There is no `` power '' here . Do n't waste your time with this lame take on the traditional ` power hour drinking game ' .
 I ca n't even believe this is a serious product being sold on a website that I have so much respect for . This is , by far , one of the worst drinking game and/or DVD I have ever seen . This company would have more luck NOT displaying a preview of their product . This is exactly the type of business that is destroying our economy . Shame on you Steve Roose .
 With stunning -LRB- because of a lack of quality -RRB- motionless graphics and surround-sound burps every 60 seconds , this game -LRB- game ? video ? Lame compliation of Powerpoint slides ? -RRB- is sure to lull you to sleep before you get 5 minutes into it ! Though you 'll be sure to get to do exciting things like try and tickle your friends before any of you have had more than 2 ounces of beer ! I suppose that could be awkward enough to make you want to drink more , but in that case , a shot a minute just would n't be fast enough.You 're better off spending this money to buy a clock , which you can also use for non-drinking purposes . Also , it can tell you the time , as opposed to `` 42 minutes of pain left . ''
 Having watched this video there are far more comprehensive games out there . Googling will get you free versions ... or better yet , just borrow a stop watch or even a watch the clock in your frat house 's microwave , when a minute passes take a drink.Spend your money on more beer ; from the awful graphics to low video production quality this product is just flat out embarrassing .
 I love this movie so this is a rating of the product -- not the movie . I am hearing impaired and only buy movies with captions or subtitles . The product description made no mention either way but I thought I 'd take a chance . I was sorely dissappointed . I do n't know why ` Amazon On Demand ' does n't realize that many consumers who might enjoy these older classics may , -- eh ? ... whaddya say Gramma ? -- be in need of visual assistance through captions or sustitles . I love this movie but gave the dvd away as a gift .
 HelloI am very disapointed because I live in France and this film had no subtitles ! otherwise I received it twice and have payed twice probably because of a mistake and I dont kwow how to sent at least one back ... Thanks for your helpSincerely
 I bought this tape knowing that it was used but marked as ` good condition ' . I tried playing this tape but it has significant black & white lines across the bottom of the picture . I tried it in my daughter 's player in case there was a problem with my unit , but the lines were still there . I sent an email to the supplier but to date I have not received a reply .
 My daughter 's daycare group thought this was stupid ... could n't understand the humor & the guys were dumb acting not funny . No way that an eight year old would want to watch it . Ages 1-6 watched it & lost interest very quickly . I took it back & would be embarrased to sell it or give it away .
 I have to start this out saying that my 3-year-old will watch this . He received it as a Christmas gift from his Nana . She had never seen the video & I think if she had , she would n't have bought it . The same group that markets Barney , markets this singing quartet . At least Barney has some redeeming value compared to this group . Barney is has cultural diversity & teaches lessons in some of the songs & episodes . The Wiggles sing light-hearted songs , but deliver the songs in a way that is uncomfortable for me , as an adult to watch . I love to share TV time with my son & I can not stand to watch more than 1 minute of this tape with him . As far as the dancing goes , if I wanted my son to get up and dance , there are a wide variety of Sesame Street videos that get him moving -LRB- i.e. Elmocise , Lets Dance , etc. -RRB- that entertain on many levels so that adults can enjoy them as well . Let 's face it , your kid is going to watch their videos several million times in the next few months and if it is one-dimensional , like the Wiggles , it will get old really , really , fast . They do not teach anything redeemable , and I do not appreciate videos that just fill a time void . I would watch Teletubbies , Barney , or Sesame Street , but do not waste your money on this tape .
 I have made a conscious effort to wean my 2 year old daughter from the Wiggles . Sure , their music may be up-beat and catchy , but while their tunes do not grate on my nerves , the lack of diversity in this video -LRB- as well as the other one I purchased -RRB- does.There is not one child of color in the entire production -- everyone is lily-white . Just because they are Australian does not exonerate them from cultural sensitivity . If you want to stoll down memory lane to the Romper Room T.V. show of 1964where no little black , latino or Asian kids were allowed , the Wiggles are for you .
 They should make a video where the Wiggles get hit by a bus . This is the type of mindless enterytainment that causes low test scores .
 I was disappointed with this tape because it did not contain the `` Do the Monkey '' song which is previewed in the beginning of Barney 's `` The night before Christmas '' . It does say that this song is on the video and when I purchased it , it was not and my kids were disappointed . Its an ok tape and my kids 2,4 and 10 think it is pretty good but I would purchase something else if I had to do it again . If you can get a `` free '' copy take it but I wouldnt spend the money on it .
 I bought this video because my son loved the Monkey Dance previewed on Barney 's Night Before Christmas video , but to our disappointment Wiggle Time was a flop . This video may be more suitable for children ages 4 to 8 . I think if the children were involved in all of the songs this video might have had a chance with my kids .
 Wiggle Around the Clock was the first DVD we bought and it is great ! Lots of up beat , energetic , catchy tunes . The songs make all of us want to dance and put big smile on all of our faces . We went to buy more , since this is the greatest thing to our little boy , and purchased Wiggle Time and the new , Bananas one . Wiggle time is boring and slow and only the live songs at the end make it watchable . It could n't even keep my son 's attention for a minute where the first one makes him go into a zone and he wo n't take his eyes off the TV . The new Wiggles go Bananas is computer generated and the songs are worthy of one star . We went through every song on both of the DVDs and agreed that our son will probably never watch either again . Waste of money !
 Were introduced to The Wiggles from a Barney tape . My son loved the Monkey Dance . It turns out that that song was n't even on the video . No catchy tunes on this one . The singers have nice voices , but ca n't act . The scenery hardly changes throughout the tape . We were very disappointed . It 's a dud ! I would like a complimentary copy of the tape that includes the Monkey Dance , as I was led to believe that it was on the tape that I purchased .
 I bought this video because of all the great reviews . My 16 month old LOVES the Wiggles but she does not like this video . It is old ... . it was first released in 1999 , though on Amazon it says 2004 . The backgrounds are really cheesy , and the songs are older . I am now off to find a newer , more entertaining Wiggles video . If I were you , I 'd do the same !
 My wife and I bought the Barney Video that previewed this Wiggles tape . My 14 month old loved the monkey dance . We did also ! We sang the song and danced with her . So we ordered this video . It 's definitely not what we thought we were getting . The monkey dance was very cute with all of the kids dancing along with the Wiggles . That 's probably what our 14 month old liked the best . But , the video does n't have hardly any kids dancing and singing along . I 'm sorry to say , but most of the skits are very corny , especially with four grown men trying to act very silly . The Wiggles need the cute little kids like they have in the Monkey Dance in every one of their songs . I will say the Wiggles sing well , but that is what they need to stick to and let the kids do the rest . Overall , it 's not what we bargained for . As a result we 're returning the video .
 Okay , there is something to be said for the wiggles . The songs are catchy . But in my opinion , these songs should have been recorded to cd 's , and the dorky visuals should have stayed ... The children we know that like the Wiggles , never liked them instantaneously . For example , ... our neighbor , used to protest at their appearance before his Barney tapes , but after about watching his Barney for the 50th time and seeing the previews so much , he finally was okay with the Wiggles.My daughter ... also did n't take to the Wiggles right away , and it 's never a tape she opts for on her own , only on somebody else 's suggestion.We prefer to choose the videos that are an instant hit , and as long as a child is not obsessed with only one video , then it is easy to see if the entertainment is successful on the first go.Bottom Line
 I just got this for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas based on all of the positive reviews . She started watching it twice and lost interest both times . It really looks like 4 guys got a hold of a video camera and matching pants and threw this together . The songs , sets and dancing are all completely uninspired . The other glowing reviews have me completely stumped . For a really wonderful children 's video , try Joanie Bartels Extra Special Substitute Teacher . It has a wonderful plot , terrific songs and choreography and humor .
 The songs and dances were great , I first saw them on a Barney video and I was even doing them for my daughter . So when I bought this video I could n't wait to get started dancing , but everything in between the songs was awful !!!! They would talk to each other and do little skits -- I was embarrassed for them , it was hard to watch . I never play it for her because I ca n't stand to see it . I 've seen plenty of children 's videos with goofy acts , but this is the absolute worst I 've seen . Unless you can dubb the tape and take out the skits , do n't buy this video !!
 It 's a hoax ! Where is the `` Do the Monkey '' song I saw in the Barney video ? I and my daughter were very disappointed ! Gimm my money back !
 We received the video tape one week after I placed the order , and it 's definitely not what we expected from Barney video preview . I have to say it 's quite corny compared with the monkey dance which my family love very much .
 I feel nothing but disappointed ... I was expecting to watch some essences of Academy Award show for last 30 years , but I got nothing but the shortfilm of nominated movies ... Totally different to what I expect . . If you have same expectation as me , which is just to watch the `` orginal '' award show and their acceptance speeches , DO N'T BUY IT
 This is a rip-off . The quality of the movie footage is terrible . Most of the stills they show are n't even from the movies they are talking about . Most of the red carpet footage seems to be from the 1999 awards . They even get facts wrong , such as stating that Meryl Streep won an Oscar for `` Silkwood . '' This is just a cheap , shoddy product . Read Damien Bona 's Oscar books instead . They offer great insight .
 I too was very dissapointed , i went into blockbuster video to see if i could find extra dvds for the dvd video game scene it , and ended up buying an academy award collection , to relive some of the reactions to stars winning their oscars and some acceptance speeces , and all i got was a recap of who won each year , i already have the oscar books , it almost seemed like they were not allowed to show the acceptance speeces , they talked about michael moore 's controversial acceptance speech , but never showed a clip , the only clip they showed was very little about the man who ran across the oscar stage naked one year , adn showed very little of that was well , not that i really wanted to see it , very dissapointing , i wanted to see speeches , and stars sitting in their seats , and i got very little . They really need to come out with something better for academy award fans , they have a video cassette with stuff from the ceremony up till 1991 , but nothing after that .
 I was initially very excited about buying this DVD . Unfortunately , I bought the DVD before the viewer from Sacramento , CA . had posted his review . The only reviews that were posted at the time were glowing . Needless to say , I was very disappointed when I viewed the DVD . Not only is the quality of the movie footage terrible , but the quality of the audio is also very poor . There is even a statement on the back of the video that this product has not been endorsed by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences . I do n't blame them.This is truly a waste of money .
 As somewhat of an Oscar historian , I found this rather uninteresting . I donated it to my local library . Almost nobody checks it out .
 If you buy this product , be sure to inspect it immediately . My set included two Disc 1s and no Disc 2 , a discrepancy I did n't notice until the return window had closed . But after watching the beginning of one of those Disc 1s , I realized I was n't going to miss Disc 2 or ever get to Disc 3 . Lackluster narration , ten aimlessly arranged minutes per year , and prints so bad they make 8mm bootlegs look good . It 's hard to make watching clips from old Oscar winners unpleasant , but this set is up to the task .
 I bought this DVD because my daughter loves the fruit salad song . I was not expecting creepy puppets on the show . Maybe once or twice but multiple times ... I did n't like that . Did n't seem to bother her but they kinda creeped me out . Defintely not a dvd that will go in her normal rotation .
 The content of this DVD is excellent -LRB- all the hits the kids are grooving to these days ... -RRB- -- EXCEPT FOR THE PUPPETS ! They are really scary . Even I find them nightmarish . They really are straight out of a horror film . But that would be okay if this worked like a normal DVD . You could just skip the track and move on . But the tracks do not correspond to the beginning and ends to the songs . The first puppet sequence , for example , spans less than one track , so if you try to skip over the puppets , you skip over at least one other entire song . The same is true for the second puppet sequence . Bc the DVD is so poorly designed , you miss about 1/4 of the content . So my advice is DO N'T SPEND THE EXTRA $ $ $ ON THE DVD . It is n't worth it . At least with the video , you can FF through the puppet sequence and see the good songs that you have to miss with the DVD .
 Ok , my son and I are HUGE Wiggles fans and have tons of Wiggles DVD 's and CD 's but we ca n't watch this one . A few of the songs have these creepy looking puppets singing . I had a few friends over for playgroup when the DVD arrived and we put it on . A few of the kids freaked when the puppets came on . I can see why . They 're kind of scary looking . Needless to say we sold it . I had a friend say the same thing .
 Everytime my 2 year old sees the puppets in this video , he asks that the video be turned off because he says they are too scary . But he likes other portions of the video , especially the Monkey dance and the Fruit Salad songs where he actually dances to the rythyms .
 My 15 month old son loved `` Wiggle Time , '' so I bought him this video and `` Wiggly , Wiggly World . '' `` Yummy Yummy '' was very disappointing -- it has a couple of bizarre , creepy segments using Wiggles puppets who sing like the chipmunks . My husband also was n't thrilled with the guys dancing around like ballerinas during one song . I would recommend other Wiggles videos , but not this one . It did n't please us or our son .
 My daughter -LRB- 21 months -RRB- LOVES Wiggle Time , so we wanted to keep it up with YUMMY YUMMY , but , I agree with the other reviews
 I first saw The Wiggles at the beginning of a Barney tape and they sang Quack Quack . My 9 month old loved it . I purchased Wiggle Time which he loved . The songs were upbeat and he would watch the entire show without moving . I purchased Yummy Yummy thinking it would be just as upbeat but the songs were not as good . They were slow and some of the words did n't fit the music . Also , ... , the puppets are scary .
 My son loves the Wiggles , so we bought this VHS for him . He watched the tape while I made dinner , and 2 minutes into the video he started screaming . I rushed downstairs and saw these puppets that look like the 4 guys dancing on the TV . Then one came up to the TV , and he was SO terrified , I had to shut it off . He was watching it later on , and he told me to fast forward the video . I looked at the TV , and `` Shaky , Shaky '' was ABOUT TO END . I fast forwarded the eerie Wiggle puppets , and he does not want to watch the video anymore . I told him we were not going to watch the tape anymore .
 My 2 year old and I love the Wiggles . Could n't wait to get a DVD , so we can replay faster and easier . Unfortunately , I ca n't stand this ` yummy , yummy ' DVD . What I love about the wiggles is its uncomplicated , unpolished setting and sounds . There are no high tech tricks , no lip sync-ing and you feel as if you are in the same space as the Wiggles . Not this DVD . The sounds are un-natural and the settings more contrived . Buy ` Wake up Jeff ' instead !
 My 27 mo LOVES anything Wiggles , but I ca n't play this anymore because she 's terrified of the puppets . She almost cried and wanted to be held a long time after seeing them . Two weeks later , from time to time , out of the blue , she still says `` I hate the puppets ! '' I have told her that we wo n't play the puppets video anymore - no more puppets .
 We LOVE the Wiggles . The Wiggles was the first show that my baby boy showed any interest in at all , and he 's been watching them over a year now -LRB- He 's going on 21 months -RRB- . We have 13 different Wiggles DVDs that we rotate for him . But , unfortunately , we had to give this one to the Goodwill . He loves the whole DVD - except for the Wiggle puppets . He backs away from the TV with a horrified expression when they 're on , and as I 'm usually trying to get things done when he 's watching the Wiggles , it 's hard to make sure I 'm there to fast-forward past the 2 puppet songs . I find myself wondering , as much as I love them , why they did these scenes at all . They are rather scary .
 This is my and my son 's least favorite Wiggles video . It 's slower moving then the rest of their high energy videos.Unlike the others that he sits or dances through in their entirety , he lost interest quickly with this one.Also - portions of the video that have the Wiggles as PaperMaiche dolls with big eyes -LRB- creepy looking -RRB- singing superfast send my 2 year old screaming for me !!
 I Bought this for my son -LRB- 20 months -RRB- who adores the wiggles , wags , henry , etc. . I was in dire need for some new wiggles entertainment , Both Wiggly party , wiggly bay -LRB- great Videos buy the way -RRB- had become old hat . S0 ... I purchases Yummy Yummmy.Great performances by Greg , Murry , Anthony , and Jeff when they were on , but WHAT IS UP WITH THOSE BIZZARE PUPPETS SEEN ON THE VIDEO FOR MORE THAN HALF OF THE RUNNING TIME ? I could understand maybe for one short song , if I knew the bizzaro puppets were on the video that much I would have used my money for barney :-RRB- !
 While I must admit my 2 year old loves this video , I find it one of the most annoying Wiggles videos ever ! I bought this one as my first Wiggles purchase because it has many of my son 's favorite songs , but was very disappointed . The puppets are annoying at best , and several of my sons friends find them downright scary . The `` techno-wiggle '' song section is very out of place on a toddler video , and if my son would let me , I 'd skip it every time . There are many better Wiggles videos out there , and if given the choice , I 'd pass on `` Yummy Yummy '' . Check out `` Wiggle Time '' if you want classic Wiggle songs .
 My 6 year old -LRB- who is afraid of clowns -RRB- did not like the puppets with the high voices . He was really afraid of them so we gave the DVD away . Next time I will check to see if the puppets are in the next one I buy . They could of at least used the Wiggles ' real voices . A bit creepy I must say !
 I bought this DVD hoping it would be just like the TV show on Disney Channel , which my 23-month-old adores and begs to watch every day . It 's NOT . This is sort of the low-budget , music only version . It also has these puppets which SCARE MY SON . I have to jump past the puppet songs when he 's watching it . Why ca n't they put out a video that 's just like watching the TV show ?
 While the content of this DVD might be good , the presentation is simply miserable and I ca n't believe this was even released.It is basically a video tape put on DVD with random chapter stops that do n't even correspond to the songs.Someone could have spent an extra 10 minutes on this and made it a good DVD.Until they fix the shoddy job they did making this disc , do n't buy it.In addition , the two puppet remixes are just simply creepy .
 We were so excited to get this video based off the promo we saw on a Barney video . That promo song was the only one our child liked on the whole video ! There are even some finger puppet videos that were such scary imitations of the real singers that my son got scared and started to cry ! Then we find out that we can not return the video because we have opened it . What a waste ! We were looking for a fun music/dance video for those days we ca n't go outside , and ended up with a video that my son is scared to watch at all !
 Our two year old loves the TV shows & his Wiggles CDs , but he is not interested in this DVD . It is simply songs strung together , with little or no dialog and no plot -LRB- which our child really enjoys , and frankly , makes it easier for me to sit through , strange as that may sound -RRB- . Most songs are performed on the same basic set , which is just a sky & clouds background.Also , as many reviewers have said , the puppets are terrible . I think they will give ME nightmares . They are AWFUL !!!
 I have to rate it low because like a viewer above , My two year old is scared to death of this video , since seeing the puppet scene , and a part where the pirate weeps . She absolutely will not watch it a second time , and that 's a surprise , since I ordered it after she danced with such glee to the clip of the `` Monkey Song '' on the Barney video leader . Double the wasted money , because I also bought the other `` Wiggles '' video initially , thinking it had the advertised song , but it does n't . That one does n't scare her , but does n't interest her , either . From an adult perspective , neither one is scary , but apparently some children will think so . Personally , I thought the dances were cute -LRB- and simple enough that a child could actually copy them -RRB- , the singing pleasant , the sets nonexistent . BUT the kid rating is what matters , and that 's zero .
 I bought two DVD 's for my 2-yr old son . However , I am extremely unhappy about the play time of these DVDs . It is too short with a lot of advertisements and stupid puppet shows and very little time dedicated to the real Wiggles . They are not worth the money you spend on these videos and I would not pay more that $ ... each for these videos .
 I have only 2 dvd 's and this is my least favorite . I would not recommend this one . The one we like is Wiggly Play Time , but that is the only other one I have seen .
 Although my 2 year son loves The Wiggles , the `` Yummy Yummy '' video is not that great . If you have `` Wiggle Time '' then do n't waste your money with `` Yummy Yummy . '' There are only 2 or 3 songs that are good , like `` Fruit Salad '' -LRB- which is also in `` Wiggle Time '' -RRB- and `` Cruchy Munchy Honey Cakes . '' And like a previous reviewer stated , the `` Shalom '' song really does n't fit.Second , they added in the video these goofy creepy-looking puppets that are suppose to look like the Wiggles themselves and when the puppets sing they have a high-pitched voice . Really annoying . And these puppets show up 2 times -LRB- that I remember -RRB- during the video . They do n't bother my son , but it does n't keep his attention either.Third , the video is not that long . `` Wiggle Time '' is longer and has more songs . And some of the songs on this video are the same ones on `` Wiggle Time . `` And finally , my son loves the Wiggles but my husband ca n't stand them -LRB- of course I do n't buy the tapes for husband -RRB- and there is a song in the video where the Wiggles dance around like ballerinas ... or as my husband says ... they look like a bunch of `` fairies '' -LRB- to which my husband does n't want my son exposed to -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased this one because my 22 month old loves the `` hot potato '' song , and usually all of the wiggles songs are pretty entertaining - except the stupid high-speed singing puppets . I thought the dvd player was going nuts but it was just the song . Would not recommend this dvd .
 My 15 month old son loves the Wiggles ... but did not like this video ... he even cried when the puppets came on ... he LOVES the Magical Adventure video ... it keeps his attention and he loves to dance to the songs ... me and my husband even walk around singing them !
 The video is nothing but musical number after musical number . I wish there were more vignettes to mix things up a bit . Also , for the price it is quite short - just over 35 minutes long . I agree the puppets seem creepy to me , but my son enjoyed them , esp . the Captain Feathersword puppet .
 This is a low budget mid-1980 's drive-in movie flick ... about second feature good . Christine -LRB- Simone Griffeth -RRB- has a wonderful life married to businessman Clive -LRB- Bryan Marshall -RRB- . They have a chauffeur , a cook , and someone to butter the kid 's toast , but no one to walk the dogs . Christine takes her dogs to a park where she meets Greg -LRB- Steve Marachuk -RRB- , a handsome second story man who brings chaos to her home.The sell point of this whole film is Simone Griffeth who looks like Bo Derek 's sister , a look very popular look in this era . And like Bo , she is not shy . The story is fairly lame by today 's standards.Sex and nudity -LRB- Simone Griffeth -RRB- No f-bombs .
 This is a great piece of modern musical art and entertainment . I 've gone to see it in London and have seen it at the Shubert in Century City many times . In all cases the casts were excellent and the overall effect was moving ! Here comes the 25th anniversary concert on blu-ray with state of the art surround sound ! What a disappointment ! The concert was done in what seemed to be a football stadium , complete with screaming fans who yelled and applauded over most of the orchestral passages . Each of the `` singers '' were equiped with microphones in which each screamed for the entire evening . Not all the singers were vocally good enough to merit all that amplification . There is no balance between vocal parts and the orchestra . The performers stand in place sreaming while the orchestra ca n't be heard . This has been a lesson to me . You ca n't hear a musical production that has been produced as if it were a football game .
 This show has NOTHING to do with the 10th Anniversary one . The 10th is absolutely awesome , with much better singers . Especially Marius . Whose idea was it to cast Jonas as that important character ? He is a joke . He has the voice -LRB- if you can call that a voice -RRB- to sing light pop songs , NOT for an opera ike this one . If you want a truly beautiful rendition , get the 10th Anniversary . It was a gorgeous show .
 If I could call this anything , I would call it `` The Celebrity Cast . '' Could anyone in this program actually sing ? I could n't believe my eyes -LRB- or ears -RRB- when I saw Nick Jonas step up as Marius . What a joke ! A Disney Channel star turned Broadway singer ? I think not . He is by far the worst Marius I have ever heard . And Javert ? I have never heard such a grainy voice in my life ! If you are new to Lew Misrables , buy the tenth anniversary dream cast and forget that this version exists .
 I loved the show actually I love musicals . I 've seen Les Miserable in London , New York and Los Angeles . The 10th anniversary came out and I love it . Soon after , I witness the worse performance done in Los Angeles -LRB- the very last performance -RRB- in the Pantages . That turned around when Ahmanson in Los Angeles revived it . Once more , travesty - Joel Schumacher does the movie version of the Phantom of the Opera . But was followed by the 25th Anniversary of the Phantom of the Opera Royal Albert Hall . Bravo . Browsing through Amazon , I saw this 25th Anniversary Edition of Les Miserable and was about to ignore all negative review , but curiosity overcame . I saw Nick Jonas as Marius . My jaw dropped . Nick Jonas ' rendition of Empty Chairs at Empty Tables is empty and insulting . Les Miserable is not Disney and it would be good for Disney singers current or not to stick with their own brand of musical .
 Although the performance is good , I expected the 25th anniversary that aired in PBS to be on this disc . I was sorely disapointed .
 This production is so awesome we ca n't stop watching it over and over . It is one of the finest vocal performances I have ever seen .
 from some other country . Out of my ZONE ????? Remember these days to see what ZONE OR COUNTRY it plays in .
 I accept that I am a biased fan . I 've listened to a variety of Les Mis recordings and have seen a few different productions but I have never found anything to be on par with the Tenth Anniversay Concert -- titled by fans the , `` Dream Cast '' . At first , I accepted nothing but that monumental concert , and it greatly inhibited my ability to enjoy other renditions and interpritations . Over the years however , I have learned not to compare everything to the TAC -- it 's not fair to myself , and it is ultimately unfair to the show , which is still strong today . To anchor it down to a past performance would be wrong , and while I will always use TAC as a basis for comparison , I am now more readily able to take a good show for what it 's worth and just accept that nothing will top the mental shrine i 've built around the TAC . Naturally , I had high hopes for the 25th concert . Unfortunately , after having watched it a few times and after having contemplated it for a while , I feel as though my expectations were let down . Now , I wo n't completely degrade this show -- there are some performances that are really fantastic -- but as a whole , It just does n't work . But before I delve into the bad , let me highlight the good : - Alfie Boe . Wilkinson still remains the quintisential Valjean in my mind and his interpritation of the character will never be matched . However , I can appreciate when a good thing comes along , and Boe is more than a good thing
 I tried to see the opera just to compare with the new movie -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- but it 's no comparison . It 's best to see the moviewith the scene and backdrop to appreciate Les Mis . Besides the DVD stopped and froze in the middle so I have to switch it off .
 It did n't play the whole way through . It got about half way then it began to skip scenes . Might want to double check your disc before playing .
 I almost bought the blu-ray version of this , but settled for lower resolution . Oops . Detail is not good in the dvd version .
 Get the 10th Anniversary Edition . Nick Jonas is really miscast . The audio mix on `` One Day More '' is inexcusably bad . Remember , it 's about the music and the story , not the lighting and effects . Alfie Boe is does great as Jean Valjean .
 It should have been an amazing show.Everything was going exceptionally well and everyone was giving amazing performances.Untill ... . Nick Jonas arrives at the stage.Who in their right mind casts Nick Jonas for such a show ? This was a DISGRACE.I even felt sorry for the guy , trying to sing along with his amazing talented colleagues.I was so disapointed with his performance I did not even had the stomach to finish the Blu-Ray . I ca n't give more than a 2 Star rating because of this and I am sorry to say I will never recommend this to anyone.Buy the 10 Year aniversary DVD instead . That one is worth it.Don ' t buy this one . I 'm sorry I did .
 I admit it is unfair to hold the 10 year Anniversary Concert as a standard . Those performers were all top notch , and the execution near perfect for a live performance . That being said , the 25th Anniversary falls far short . Nick Jonas is an embarrassment as Marius . His voice is not that great and his acting worse , the same expression used for the entire performance , like he was experiencing gastric pain . He should stay away from the theater and stick to singing for 12 year-old girls who have no discriminating musical taste . ValJean and Javert were decent performers , but in my opinion neither possessed the powerful voice required for their roles . Bring Him Home was the best performed song , the higher pitch of the song seemed to be in singer 's wheelhouse more so than the rest of his numbers . The girl who played Eponine appeared to have a strong sweet voice , but she spoke more than sang , clearly annunciating each word at the expense of her singing . Even Lea Salonga as Fantine was disappointing - she seems to have lost the canary-sweet voice that she had 10-15 years ago.I will say the video and audio quality were excellent -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- . The big chorus numbers such as At The End of The Day were also good . I am waiting for the day when the 10 year concert is remastered and released in 5.1 audio , however with the 25th just coming out now , I do n't expect that to happen anytime soon -LRB- if ever -RRB- .
 I 'm going to try to avoid commenting on the cast/performance because this is really a personal opinion . Suffice it to say that I own a few versions of Les Mis already , and I liked this one enough to want to buy yet another , and I hardly buy anything . -LRB- I own 2 blu rays total , this and the Phantom 25th anniversary performance -RRB- . Sadly , the best way to know if you will like a cast is to hear/watch it first . I had the luxury of watching it on PBS , and aside from Marius I loved it.Technically , however , this product is a travesty . Visually , there is a very distracting motion artifact . Another reviewer has pretty convincingly diagnosed it as a poor transfer from a 24fps source . It seems like every second or so it 's rewinding a fraction of a second , but trying to hide it by morphing from one time frame to the next . You do n't notice it so much when the camera is still and focused on a performer -LRB- if you notice at all , you might just think it 's a shaky camera -RRB- , but when it pans across the stage -LRB- like in the finale -RRB- it is almost headache-inducing . From an audio perspective , everything on stage sounds far away and tinny , while the crowd is crystal clear and way too loud . I have to routinely turn up the volume for the performance and turn it back down for the applause . -LRB- this is the reason why I 'm writing a review , I have n't seen anyone mention this flaw yet -RRB- I 've done some testing , and at least some of this is because the 5.1 audio mixing is very , very intentionally terrible . All the voices and 99 % of the orchestra are in the front 3 speakers . Meanwhile the surround speakers are literally 99 % useless noise and a few randomly chosen instruments or moments from the orchestra . I say useless noise because the surround speakers are almost exclusively playing a cavernous echo that makes everything sound far away and tinny . That 's right , they did it on purpose . People do n't buy home videos so that they can fantasize about sitting in the cheap seats , guys . The surround speakers also carry the amplified crowd noise that I have to mute after every song . As far as the `` random bits of orchestra '' , let 's take the `` Look Down '' prologue as an example . Aside from the cavernous echo there is nothing that comes out of the surround speakers , except for the guitar riff between verses . What ? Why ? And how hard did they have to try to do something so useless ? 2.0 audio sounds better , which does n't seem like it should be a valid compliment -LRB- they successfully remix the random bits of orchestra back in from the surround speakers , without adding the cavern or the extra crowd -RRB- . I 'm not sure if it gets rid of all the `` tinny '' qualities yet , but it definitely helps a lot.While reading the reviews here , what struck me as really odd was the criticism of Lea Salonga , and specifically that her voice was weak -- of the Eponines and Fantines from the 3 casts I own -LRB- Broadway , 10th , and now 25th -RRB- , I 'd say Lea 's is `` strongest '' in the sense that she has the best projection -LRB- which is what I think people mean by `` weak '' vs `` strong '' or `` powerful '' -RRB- . I said I would n't talk too much about cast opinions , but I think the technical inferiority of this product might be partially shaping people 's opinions of this performance . I think the hollow quality of the disc 's audio is hitting Fantine 's role harder than most . Just throwing that out there.I dug up my old DVR that has the PBS recording -LRB- digital 1080i -RRB- of this performance for comparison . Off the bat , there is no reverse morphing effect in the video , which is a huge plus . I think there are some re-compression artifacts from being broadcast , but that is small potatoes compared to the morphing . Out of the box , the PBS broadcast sounds better than the blu ray 5.1 because there 's no cavern effect , but PBS or my DVR did something odd to the channels . I 'm not getting surround left/right at all , and front left/right seem to be duplicated to rear left/right . So there 's no cavern or loud crowd , but then whatever random orchestral bits they put in surround left/right is lost -LRB- e.g. , I do n't hear the guitar riff in the prologue as described above -RRB- . Like I said earlier , I still have n't entirely decided if blu ray 2.0 audio fully gets rid of the empty quality of the recording . That 's probably the tiebreaker between whether I think PBS audio or blu ray 2.0 is superior -LRB- I know I 've been satisfied with the audio spectrum of PBS , but now I also know that it 's missing some unknown portion of the orchestra -RRB- . Sadly , I ca n't think of another way to own the 25th anniversary performance , which I very much would like to have . That 's the only reason why I 'm not giving 1 star to the product , because there is no other option -LRB- the 2010 cast recording is not the same thing -RRB- .
 NICK JONAS AS MARIUS . What were they thinking in giving a role like Marius to Nick Jonas ... . R U Kidding me ... Seriously . Nick Jonas is standing next Ramin Karimloo and you can tell what a high school amateur he is . I really wanted to buy this but rented it on Amazon first to check it out and Nick RUINED this production . He 's constantly looking off to the side as if he 's reading the words off of a tele-prompter . I do n't get it ??? Also Alfie Boe is a great singer , but the guy needs to take a lesson from Colm Wilkinson and learn when to use a little dynamics and not always sing the big stuff as BIG and as operetic as he does.IMO the 10th anniversary is far and above a much better show when it comes to the quality of singers . The one singer that really stands out is Samantha Barks as Eponine . Fantastic . If your a HUGE fan , than get it . . I still might ... But I still ca n't get over Nick Jonas ... UGH .
 Honestly , I 'm a new comer to Les Mis . I 've never seen the show , and until recently had n't heard any of the songs . The upcoming release of the movie is what sparked my interest in the show . I listened to other versions via YouTube etc. . I rented this version and I 'm not all that impressed . There were a few pluses such as Samantha Barks performance as Epinone . I 'm looking forward to her performance in the movie , Javarit 's performance was quite good I thought . I 've heard the 10th anniversary version of Lea Salonga singing Epinone and it was incredible , her Fantine -- not so much . My biggest gripe however is Nick Jonas as Marius . Do n't get me wrong , I think as a pop star he has some talent , however he does n't have a strong enough voice to make these songs work . These songs just seem too operatic for Nick 's voice.I 'm hoping that the movie changes my `` meh '' feeling towards Les Mis&egrave;rables . I get the feeling that with the right cast singing in the right vocal range and with the right emotion evident in their songs then I would really enjoy the show .
 I have been waiting over a month for my DVD and have not received it yet . I know the cost has already been taken from my credit card but I have been patiently waiting for my purchase ... where is it ??? Kathleen Najera
 I bought it thru Amazon and when I tried to play it would n't work so I sent it back for a full refund , no problem .
 By now , fans know every line of the score . Cutting sections leaves awkward gaps where the listener anticipates words that never come.Casting was also less than optimal . Visually , Norm Lewis has the sternness and the drive for the role of Javert , but his voice lacks the emotional range that made Philip Quast 's performance so memorable . Nick Jonas seems to be winking at the camera in every frame . Alfie Boe brings youth and vitality to his role ... but Valjean is better known for his resignation and weariness.The physical placement of the actors on the stage did little to enhance my appreciation of this version . I had a hard time seeing the intimacy between the characters when they were standing half a stage apart using separate microphones .
 This is probably me being ignorant of these types of things , but I would have liked a more visible warning about the region code upon purchase , as it makes it impossible to play the DVD in Norway . The concert is probably fabulous though .
 I am a fan of this musical and have heard many casts do it and do it well . When I purchased this , I thought it would be the same version -LRB- or as good as -RRB- the `` in concert '' version I saw on TV in the 90 's . It let me down in many layers ... First the director has chosen to take nearly every song at a blistering speed . Not only is it unpleasant to hear , but the vocalists are `` singing '' so fast they can barely get the words out . This leads me to the next problem where the singers are n't singing as much as they are shouting quickly . There are a couple exceptions - the Bishop , Fontine -LRB- did well in solo but nothing else -RRB- , the Innkeeper , and maybe a couple others . Out of a cast of probably 60 plus a choir , that 's pretty sad . Also , they 've cut chunks out of songs . It does n't feel like any of these people or directors have actually played any of these characters on stage . It feels like someone plopped them in front of a mic.If you like this musical do not get this ! I am currently hunting for the older one . Sorry to have to leave an unpleasant review .
 The performaces , for the mostpart , were on the money . The audio mix and quality were a dissapointment . I was hoping for an improvement from the 10th anniversary concert and got something less .
 I thought the performances were going to be more realistic . What does Jonas has to do singing with all those actors-singers ???? . It is hard to believe !!! . When I go to a live play or musical the least thing I expect is to see credible performances and let me ask
 its nice and good musicalthere is no word the cast and chorus are greatthe lighting and stage effect are nice to see on the big flat screen
 I caught parts of this show on public television last night while I was channel surfing . Who did the casting for this ? All the talent in the world available and this was the best cast they could come up with ? Three -LRB- three ! -RRB- of the leads do n't sing at all , they spend a considerable amount of time just speaking on pitch -LRB- not the same thing at all -RRB- . I am almost at a loss for words . Yes , the acting was acceptable , but this is musical that is all about the music . Yet they could n't find a cast who can sing ? Really ? The reason I only caught parts of the show last night was it was so poorly sung I found myself squirming until I just had to change the channel . Not an exaggeration . Granted I am a classical musician , maybe if you have a wooden ear you wo n't care , I do n't know , it looks fine and seems well acted even compared to the 10th Anniversary show , but the singers from the 10th Anniversary show can STILL sing circles around this cast 15 years later.Bottom line
 May I get more information on when I can expect this particular item ? It was supposed to be a Christmas gift , but still have not received
 I play the music on spotify and also from TV recording , was expecting the DVD of Broadway stage show , very disappointed .
 Did n't realize it was formatted for German dvd players only so unable to play on my dvd . Would have been nice to know this before I purchased .
 The concert is good but not the video resolution and it skips back and it cycles back at a certain part of the videoo - it never ends.I do n't recommend buying this dvd.I am very disappointed , a waste of money .
 Why was he cast in the first place ?? He is n't even close in vocal talent as the rest of the cast . He had short breathy phrases and had the same pained look on his face throughout . I was actually embarassed for him . I am not sure I am going to buy this dvd because I could n't bear the thought of having to watch Nick again !! I think I 'll get out my 10th anniversary concert instead !
 I know this review will probably be unpopular , but right from the beginning this play smacks of bad writing . There 's just way too much expository and not enough action . The characters explain too much . It would have been much better to show us what happens rather than having a character explain how he/she got to where they 're at .
 The video editing and sound quality of this product is very disappointing , especially considering the expense that went into creating and assembling this talented cast . Originally , I was so thrilled to receive the 25th Anniversary edition and then after watching it I was blown away with how poorly the editing was done . It 's too bad since the star studded cast had to have sounded incredible that night ! Previously , I had watched it on youtube in segments and decided to invest in a copy . I feel like the YouTube segments were superior for sound quality than the real thing . Disappointing since there was such a talented ensemble .
 I tought it would be a great show , but to my surprise , I found out that the performance was rather poor in comparison to the previous live presentation -LRB- The dream cast in concert -RRB- in 1998 .
 I had no idea that this seller was in Germany . While the delivery was prompt we were very surprised to see the cover in German . When my grandson tried to view it on Christmas Day he could not ; check region was displayed . It then cost over $ 6.00 to return it .
 Colm Wilkinson you are irreplasable!Wrong choise for Monsieur Th&eacute;nadier.Nick Jonas as Marius , appalling!The 10th Aniversary concert at the Royal Albert Hall is the best !
 I am very familiar with many versions of Les Miserables , and I have to state for the record that this is the least impressive of the batch . You actually have a very good cast , mainly Alfie Boe as Jean Valjean , Norm Lewis as Javert , and Ramin Karimloo as Enjolras.But there are a few key reasons I rated this so low
 I caught the 25th Anniversary Concert of Les Mis on PBS . Each character and presentation was worse than the previous one . How bloody awful!The 10th Anniversary cast and recording of Les Miserables in Concert is so inspiring - so perfect . Please opt for that one instead of this flat and insipid cast and production . There is absolutely nothing compelling in the 25th anniversary version . I was sickened and could not stand watching anymore . EEWWHHH!I had the good fortune to see the original Broadway production in NY . Please , please seek out the 10th anniversary DVD and CD to get the truest experience of a wondrous and marvelous production . It was groundbreaking and continues to inspire.The `` modernized '' 25th anniversary edition is just awful . Rather like the kids putting on a very amateur production in the back yard . But this lacks even that depth of feeling.No soul . Just commercialized pablum . Horrible - 25th anniversary CD or DVD - avoid at all costs!For total joy , fulfillment , translation into musical bliss - seek out the 10th anniversary edition CD , DVD , anything at all .
 I am watching the DVD now and I do n't think I can finish it . It is just terrible . All the singers were just screaming rather than singing . There is absolutely no musicality in their voices . Lea Salonga 's voice has a wobble so big you can drive a truck through it . Please save your money and your time , do n't watch it . I will turn off the DVD player as soon as I finish typing this review .
 Les Miserables is one of the , if not , the greatest musicals of all time . However this ensemble of a cast was disappointing . Marketing was at play to gain a new audience . They did the same with Phantom of the Opera movie . Why in the world would they cast Nick Jonas ? How do you go from Michael Balll to a Jonas Brother ? His accent was more `` English '' than the British . I think little Gavourche would have put on a better Marius . This Valjean is no Colm Wilkinson . Wilksonson was the most convincing of Valjeans because you could feel a man and his struggles when he sings . This Javert commands no authority and Thenardier was difficult to watch . This cast is a dismal comparison to the Original London Cast , but this was also expected.I do recommend that Les Mis fans rent this copy because of the nice little treats at the end of the DVD .
 Arrived timely however when I went to use in my dvd player did not play at all . Waste of money .
 If they had the 10th anniversary dvd/blu-ray available , this 25th anniversary would n't sell at all ! The 10th anniversary concert literally had a dream cast . Unfortunately , this one did n't . Lea Salonga was soooo perfect as Eponie 15 years ago . Her replacement in the 25th just could n't hold up to part . And while I was surprised Nick Jonas had some bit of a voice talent , he just was n't a trained operatic singer . It was disappointing that he was casted as Marius . Really ? Come-on ! All in all , I 'd much rather listen to my CDs from the 10th than watching this 25th cuz the latter just is n't worth watching : -LRB-
 This performance did not touch my heart.I think the 10th Anniversary concert at the Royal Albert Hall is the best in every aspect.By the way , the disc is made in Mexico and there is no booklet .
 lucy johnson -- this CD was Completely blank , as were two copies of BRING HIM HOME -- THE VALJEAN QUARTET.I was very disapponted , because I had looked forwaard tp them .
 if I could give less than one star , I would have . What was Cameron Macintosh thinking?I suggest you watch the 25 th anniversary concert on PBS , as they 're airing it this month , or view excerpts on YouTube . It was horrific . I was so dissapointed . I 've seen the production on broadway several times , and in Boston , and also own both the DVD and CD of the Les Miserable 10th anniversary concert , which was superb with an extraordinary cast.In general I realize no two casts are exact . That is the beauty of broadway , to hear many talented voices.But this 25th Anniversary version is so mediocre . I could not believe it . And Nick Jonas as Marius . What a disaster.He has no voice for the stage at all . And I was embarrased for the poor kid , honestly I was . But overall the cast was just fair , at best , except for the Thenardiers , The Bishop , Gavroche , Even Lea Salonga who had played a fabulous Eponine in the 10th anniversary concert , was not suited at all to play Fantine . Wrong vocal range , and she was struggling.I ca n't believe , that for a climactic event such as this for this production , how poorly the casting and how below average the talent was . Check out YouTube first , and try to watch excerpts from the 10th anniversary show . You will likely want that version.Even if I only ever saw this 25th Anniversary version , I would n't have bought it , nor be inclined to see it repeatedly at the theatre.There were way too many wrongs about this version . One or two great performances . But that 's it . A big bummer !
 I have seen this and LOVE it so I decided to buy it . BUT I have yet to even receive it and we bought it almost a month ago . I 'm still waiting and would love to get it soon !
 I am so glad I bought the 10th Anniversary concert along with buying the 25th anniversary concert . The 10th Anniversary is fantastic and the cast is infinitely better than 25th Anniversary cast ! I 've read other reviews about the quality of the 10th Anniversary DVD but the picture and sound are fine . I bought the 10th Anniversary about two months ago when I saw that the 25th anniversary concert had been released . I purchased the 10th Anniversary concert because I saw that Colm Wilkinson was Jean Valjean and I had seen him in the live musical in London in 1991 and he will forever be the definitive Jean Valjean to me . Also , the end of the performance on the 10th Anniversary edition which has many different actors who portrayed Jean Valjean in different countries around the world joining Colm Wilkinson on stage to sing `` Do you hear the people sing '' together with lines from all their native languages is stunningly beautiful and moving . The entire ensemble of actors really is a dream cast - it is just stand-out after stand-out perfomances . Particularly spectacular performances are given by Phillip Quast as Javert and the absolute delight of Alun Armstrong as Thenardier - his rendition of `` Master of the House '' in the 10th Anniversary concert is a truly joyful experience that should not be missed by anyone who is a true fan of the musical - the entire stage of actors who are behind Alun as he sings that song are visibly delighted and enjoying his rendition of that song as much as the audience . Conversely , the 25th Anniversary edition concert is a true disappointment - the cast is just not as strong all the way across the board and even some of the stronger performances just do not compare to the renditions in the 10th Anniversary DVD . I am a person who LOVES the live musical - I 've seen it twice in London and twice on Broadway and if you 're like me and are just a true fan of the musical , the 10th Anniversary dream cast concert is a must - so I would really recommend that concert version over this 25th anniversary edition . The 10th Anniversary concert is a joy to watch and makes me happy and inspired every time I watch it and I really believe others will feel the same way !
 Was not as good as the 10th Anniversary concert . Did not like the performers . Was not worth watching more than 10 minutes .
 This is a low budget mid-1980 's drive-in movie flick ... about second feature good . Christine -LRB- Simone Griffeth -RRB- has a wonderful life married to businessman Clive -LRB- Bryan Marshall -RRB- . They have a chauffeur , a cook , and someone to butter the kid 's toast , but no one to walk the dogs . Christine takes her dogs to a park where she meets Greg -LRB- Steve Marachuk -RRB- , a handsome second story man who brings chaos to her home.The sell point of this whole film is Simone Griffeth who looks like Bo Derek 's sister , a look very popular look in this era . And like Bo , she is not shy . The story is fairly lame by today 's standards.Sex and nudity -LRB- Simone Griffeth -RRB- No f-bombs .
 Sample on you-tube was very good . The one we purchased , the actual one , has a very poor voice quality , can not even hear the alphabets clearly . So we did not use it for the child , had to go out and buy another one by a different manufacturer . This is the 1st LeapFrog educational product that we are totally dissatisfied with .
 I have not received this product yet . It has been over a month . It was sent to the wrong address , which was not the sender 's fault . However , they did n't even have a tracking number for me to track it . It was finally returned to them and I gave them my correct address . That was two weeks ago . Still nothing . I am sure the dvd is fine , but the sender gets a bad review . I will never order anything from Amazon again that is n't straight from `` amazon '' .
 I have never got my product , and I never plan to buy from them again
 I bought this item , that was a suggestion to help my son memorize the letters and their sound . He enjoys watching it and helps him a lot recognizing the letters and their sounds . It is perfect for a pre-k child .
 The DVD was in dirty packaging . I cleaned it off before opening because I did not want to touch it . The DVD does not work . I have tried it on several players to make sure it was not my DVD player . The DVD stops every 3 or 4 minutes and skips ahead to various places in the DVD . It is not usable . I only spent $ 3 , but it said it was in Good condition . It defeinately is not .
 It was distressing to hear the video tell the viewer things like `` L says ` UL ' '' . Though the video was fun and engaging , its whole purpose is to teach letter sounds , so mistakes are inexcusable . L does n't say `` UL '' and R does n't say `` er '' .
 More important than learning letters , kids need to learn morals.The older brother blatantly lies to the younger brother . -LRB- He tells him he 's lost his voice when he has n't . -RRB- When the younger brother notices what happened , it just gets shrugged off . -LRB- The older brother accidentally speaks . -RRB- It 's never discussed.It may seem trivial to some , but I really wish they discussed the lie rather than shrugging it off . `` Well it all worked out in the end so it does n't matter '' seemed to be the message .
 I have had several friends who love this video , and whose children learned a lot from watching it , so I bought it . I thought it was more of an educational DVD that reviewed letter sounds . The letter sounds are introduced , but in the context of the plot of a cartoon show . Most cartoons annoy me , and this is one of them . There 's a lot of extra stuff that I do n't necessarily want my almost-two-year-old saying , `` Okie-Dokie-Artichokey '' being one of them . And it 's annoying to sit through all of the beginning and end plot of the show surrounding the alphabet sounds . I 'd recommend watching someone else 's copy before buying one for yourself.We also bought the Leap Frog alphabet fridge magnet set that uses the same catchy song ... highly recommend that over this video to teach the sounds .
 I purchased this DVD for my 22month and she loves this video . She watches in our vehicle on the way to daycare or where ever we go and she is mesmerized . She can now say all her letter and the sounds of the letters because of watching this video !! Thank you leap frog for this great video . . Would highly recommend .
 The used Letter Factory was a great choice . I should 've just brought it new it wasnt a big difference in price but any saving is a good saving , but not when the product is freezing up and stopping . I know next time not to buy a used DVD not a great choice bc now I still have to turn around an purchase a new one .
 I do n't like my children watching TV so I wanted something simple that would pop up the alphabets and an item that begins with that letter . This one is very noisy , too many tihngs hapenning and does not keep our twin daughers -LRB- 8 months -RRB- engaged . It 's like watching cartoon network . Not good for your little one 's eyes .
 This DVD is not one of the better learning tools out there . The audio and visuals are overstimulating and distracting from the message , the story line is contrived and hard for little ones to follow and the characters pronounce the letters incorrectly in many cases.I can see that it might be entertaining for some kids , if they are used to fast pace animation and the unfortunate jump-cut editing pervasive in children 's programming . But my 2.5-year-old was bored with it and did n't want to watch it again . He enjoys story-based programs -LRB- Curious George , Little Polar Bear , etc. -RRB- and lesson-based programs -LRB- Brainy Baby ABCs -RRB- , so it 's not a matter of his not being able to follow along . I think it was just too much unnecessary noise and action .
 My 2-year-old twins will watch this , but they never ask for it and seem bored by it . I would recommend Richard Scarry 's Best Ever ABC video over this one -LRB- we have that one and they love it , sing along with it and ask to watch it over and over -RRB- .
 I purchased this DVD in a bargain bin , I can see why it was there . The visual graphics are horrible , like 1980 's cartoon quality . My kids make it through the first 5 minutes and are begging to shut it off . They enjoy the leapfrog toys , but if you are going to show your kids a DVD to teach them letters or sounds I think preschool prep is better -LRB- graphics suck but it gets to the point and the information sticks ! -RRB- and the your baby can read series . Both of my kids watched these along with the Blues Clues shape detectives , at 2 years they could identify all letters , shapes , colors and numbers . At 3 my son could read anything and everything .
 I got this a gift . I was told that it helped my cousins kids with learning their letters . I finally watched it after having it for a year . I liked the concept but was disappointed .1 . Teaching of morals ... older brother lies and there 's no consequence or talking about that .2 . The video only talks about one sound that each letter makes ... but some of the letters make more than one sound . So disappointed because we have the leapfrog magnetic letters and they sing the same song but they incorporate the different sounds the letter can make .
 This is a good video ... NOT great as people seem to think . There are some grave mistakes , for example , the ` O ' and the ` U ' both seem to say ` Ah ' , the ` L' says ` Ul ' and the ` R ' says ` Er ' . Im distressed that my 2-year old sems to be learning the letter sounds incorrectly . Even when I try to correct the video , she seems to go with the sounds made on the video . Im kind of turned off by the Leap Frog company . How could they have let this kind of stuff fall through the cracks ?
 If you let your kid watch this be warned
 Well , the 1980 's had its share of bad films , and this one is no exception . The plot is as simplistic as it gets ; a nerd wants to have the perfect body so he can be happy , only to discover there is a price to pay . -LRB- Be careful what you wish for , you might just get it , true happiness comes from within , take your pick ! -RRB- The acting is terrible , but let 's be honest girls we are not gon na watch a movie called `` Hunk '' for the acting or the dialogue . We want to look at a hot body and John Allen Nelson definitely has that . Unfortunately , the scenes with Hunk showing off his gorgeous muscular bod are few & far between . Hunk is harmless fun , but if you want to drool over a beautiful body , you 'll have alot of fast forwarding to do .
 Well , the 1980 's had its share of bad films , and this one is no exception . The plot is as simplistic as it gets - a nerd wants the perfect body so he can be happy , only to discover there is a price to pay . -LRB- you know , be careful what you wish for because you might just get it
 I usually like older 80s romantic comedies , but Hunk just takes 80s corniness to a new level . The acting is atrociously bad , and I say that as someone who typically forgives weak acting . The basic plot is fine - a guy sells soul to the devil in order to become a hunk - but the plot twists just do n't make sense . Why does the devil keep going back in time to create more evil ? Is he actually trying to change the past ? A TV host nearly drives a jeep in reverse off a pier and does n't seem capable of braking during the minute or so it 's going on ? Is n't it a bit all too convenient that the Devil 's assistant falls in love with the main character ? On top of all that , the guy 's name is Hunk ! I 'd definitely recommend avoiding this movie .
 If there was ever a film that could represent the self-centered yuppydom and `` me '' generation that was the 1980s , this film would win hands down . The plot is simple
 I bought it to educate my kids about the history and events of WWII . This set fails miserably . It 's mostly unexciting footage with many repeating scenes and many times there is clearly no connection between the battles covered and the footage.The storytelling is abysmal and the pictures are unexciting .
 I bought this from a local retailer and after watching the beginning of the first DVD , I took it right back and got a refund . Why ? First of all , I do n't like being taken and fooled into buying something that is n't what it claims to be . I read the outside of the packaging to detect anything that implies it was `` colorized '' from black & white footage . On the contrary , the box states it is `` vintage COLOR footage . '' No hint of ` colorization . ' Well think again ... All it is is reworked b & w footage with pale , lifeless color added to the film , and poorly done at that . Immediately detectable . Listen folks , I do n't care if it 's got good war footage or not - I do n't know because I only watched a minimal amount for the reasons explained above . What I have a problem with is the deceptive technique and wording used to fool people into buying the product -- that is enough reason NOT to blow your money on it ! If it 's colorized via computer , then it needs to honestly and clearly STATE THAT . Enough said .
 I had high hopes for this set but ca n't recommend it for 2 reasons . First the colorized footage is poorly done . If it had been done better it would have been OK but the color values are often incorrect and very basic with poor shading and depth of detail . The second reason is that the DVD 's are very short in length . All this material could have probably been put in a 2 Disc set in one keep case . Multiple DVD 's is a common practice to make the consumer believe they are getting their moneys worth .
 There are some really good shots of actual combat , but the 2 D.V.D. set completely lacks any sense of the overall picture of the war . The actual conflict between MacArthur and the Navy , why Midway was so important , in fact the overall strategy of the Navy is never really explained . I would have thought the History Channel could have done better . The best part is the story of Bull Halsey .
 Great movie . Lots of info on Pearl Harbor ... a definate buy
 In short , too much repeat footage . This DVD pack is sub average at its very best . The Highlights are the program on the battle with the Africa Corps . and the program on the Battle of the Bulge . The other 2 programs are made up of repeat footage . Their are virtually no insights given and the feeling of the entire set is one of an impersonal overview . And not just any overview but an overview that is rushed , its as if the narrators -LRB- there are 2 and they are both inept -RRB- need to make a mad dash to the toilet and just want to get this damn thing over with . If you are looking for something comprehensive and insightful this clunk is a total waste of time .
 Just a couple of hours ago I would have thought it impossible to really screw up a World War II documentary to the point of it being unwatchable . Well , after less than five minutes of this abomination I stand corrected . To say that this set is `` in color '' with `` never-before-seen '' footage may be technically true , but it is also completely disingenuous . This set consists predominantly -LRB- if not entirely , I 'm not watching any more of it to find out -RRB- of COLORIZED black-and-white footage -LRB- poorly and obviously colorized at that -RRB- that has never been seen before because no one has had the audacity to butcher perfectly good black-and-white film like this before . Adding insult to injury is the fact that underneath all of the ridiculously unnatural looking color is some pretty good and interesting footage . I 'm really almost at a loss for words ; this hatchet job on history was so poorly conceived , so poorly done , and just so very unnecessary that it boggles the mind as to why it was done in the first place . To ruin otherwise good material just to be able to sell it as being `` in color '' is shameful and pathetic . I got this for $ 7.95 mere hours ago and tomorrow I am going to get that $ 7.95 back . I would n't keep this if I had gotten it free in the mail . Just awful . What were they thinking ?
 It 's ruined by the poor colorization.I have to wonder why Madacy Entertainment pushed the production of this film . Do n't get me wrong , the footage itself is nice and the narrations are fine . But the poor quality of the colorization just ruins it for me . I could excuse the quality of the colorization if this documentary had been produced in 1985 - when `` colorizing '' technology was still new - but this series was produced in 2001 . So by 21st century standards , there 's no reason for the picture quality to be as poor as it is.I think what irks me the most is that Madacy marketed this film as WWII `` In Color . '' I expected it to contain AUTHENTIC color footage - perhaps something similar in quality to the 2009 `` WWII in HD '' series . But you ca n't help but feel misled when you pop it into the DVD player and find a poorly colorized version instead.Still , the footage is remarkable and , if you can get past the color quality , its an enjoyable watch for any WWII buff . Had Madacy just left the film in its original B&W ; format , and marketed it as such , I would have given this product 5 stars .
 I have seen some pretty good productions from the History Channel . This is not one of them . It views like a text book , with rapid fire black and white war footage , and facts . The information is good , however it is difficult to watch as the narrator changes with the footage -LRB- which is often -RRB- . Do not expect to see much along the way of synopsis or historian commentary / insights as you view this dvd .
 I 've been * trying * to watch this , but every time I try I have to hit `` Stop '' on the remote before too long . I 'm onto the third disk after about 3 months.Wade pretty much took the words right out of my mouth , but did it better.The packaging is deceptive , but I knew that from the get-go . There probably is n't 5 DVDs worth of color WWII footage to begin with ! But what I was n't prepared for , but should have been , is that the job of colorizing would be butchered to the point of painful to watch.Beyond the color however , is basically a Cliff Note 's version of WWII . I try to get beyond the hatchet job on the color and instead focus on listening to the content , but the content is so busy and each topic is covered so briefly I feel like I 'm watching a cross between Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Robotron , but with even less substance . When the lack of historic content again comes to the forefront of my consciousness , I am left with nothing else but to return my focus to the hatchet job on the color . While watching this I often recognize footage from other productions that were presented in the original grayscale , and miss seeing them presented that way.Then I hit `` Stop '' and return this failure to my selves & drawers of my DVD collection . Actually , now that I have written this I will be adding it to my next load of things heading for donation to the thrift shop . Although I have reservations with that . If I want someone to gain knowledge about WWII , I would recommend many other productions and sources and warn them of this waste of time.Basically , the colorizing is just lipstick on a pig . Except this lipstick is blue and not an inviting color like red .
 I bought this DVD because it had what looked like a History Channel logo on the front and as such I assumed it was another one of their outstandings series . Boy was I wrong ! It 's a series from the 50s or 60s with lame graphics and commentary . It has decent real-life video , but I expected so much more for my money . I 'd send it back , but since it is already opened I 'm sure they would not accept it . Plus it 's not worth my time and effort . Do n't buy this DVD because it 's just not very good .
 This set of videos was disappointing , especially because the History Channel usually is better.First , it 's not just about the war in Europe , so if you want to focus on the European theater , you 're also going to get some about Japan , Asia and Africa . Which means the European focus is weaker.Second , they use some of the shots and narratives twice . Which is okay if you watch an episode a week , but not if you watch all 4 in a couple of days . The repetition seemed pointless.The videos also do n't give a good feel for plans or battles . It seemed to be more like ' a battle went here , and here , and here ... ` I 'm looking for something better .
 Every five years or so I give `` Raging Bull '' another try.After all , it was directed by Scorsese and stars DeNiro . Who else could have so effectively portrayed the gritty life of a professional boxer?Yet , some films just ca n't help but become so shrill and obnoxious that those miserable elements completely obscure the plot and acting , much like Woody Allen 's `` Interiors '' which was made within a few years of `` Raging Bull '' . I came across the title again in AFI 's `` 100 Greatest Films of all Time '' as # 4 , but I 'm sorry - this film just is n't that good.DeNiro gives it his all and the photography is excellent , but over-all the film felt like two hours of ` Jake LaMotta ' berating Joe Pesci 's character `` Did you **** my wife ? Did you **** my wife ? '' until I just could n't stand it anymore.Give it a try once . I actually purchased it new some time ago -LRB- ten dollars for a two-disc edition -RRB- but loaned it out and never received it back . Honestly , I do n't miss it , nor does it 's absence from my collection of Martin Scorsese 's films on dvd cause me pain .
 this movie was the worst boxing movie ever made , sorry i wasted five dollars on it . but most all lost over an hour of my valuable time on this . dont make the same mistake i did . i warned you dont be stupid .
 I can not for the life of me understand the glowing praise about this movie . Is it a bad movie ? No . It 's just nothing special . Scorsese 's technique is , if anything , showy . De Niro and Pesci are wonderful actors , there 's no denying that . But the movie as a whole just is n't particularly good . I can find nothing about this movie that would bring it even close to the accolades it has been given . Believe me , I wanted to like this movie . I thought it would be great and then some ; equal to the Searchers or 2001 , from the praise it got ; but it was uninteresting . It was like the type of movie arthouse theaters show that is competently made but lifeless and boring , like Shine . I 'm sorry . Call me an idiot . I did not like this movie .
 Maybe its my lifelong aversion to horror movies but this is 2 + hours of distilled unpleasantness . Anyone who has ever lived in NY or NJ knows guys like this , but so what.The one thing that might have redeemed Raging Bull would be if there was any light at all on why he was the way he was . And if that 's too much to ask , I 'd settle for why anybody would make a movie about him.In the end its really just a brilliant portrayal of an angry lowlife .
 This film is about the personal and professional life of boxer Jake La Motta , played by Robert de Niro . It starts off with La Motta as an overweight comedian just before going on stage , in 1964 , and finishes with him going on stage . The story unfolds from there on , starting in 1941 . The troubled life of La Motta , from his relationships to his business deals , is shown in an unflinching manner . Martin Scorsese does n't hold back . Every bit of violence is shown in the boxing ring and every bit outside it . Raging Bull is shot in classic black and white , reflecting the setting of the action . The close-ups , lighting , reminds me of great classical films but the depiction is all Scorsese . If it 's Italian , got plenty of swearing , smart guys , pretty girls and violence it 's bound to be Scorsese . Mind you , that 's not a bad thing at all.La Motta 's impatience , paranoia and way of dealing with things , is clearly shown , ruining his relationship with his second wife and , eventually , his brother , , played by Joe Pesci . De Niro plays the role to perfection as you feel the impact of La Motta 's emotions.Raging Bull is one of my favourite films by Martin Scorsese because it 's more realistic . It 's the life of a real man , filled with mistakes and regrets . The viewer can relate in one way or another , but do n't compare this to Rocky . Raging Bull packs small hands but heavy punches .
 Boring...pretentious...navel-gazingJust a few ways to describe this incredibly over-hyped movie . I sat down with some friends expecting to see a good film , hoping I 'd get the Scorcese who directed Goodfellas and not the Scorcese who directed The Colour of Money . Well after sitting through hours of this sleep-inducing cypher of a film , I realised I had got something much worse . I still do n't understand what all the fuss is about . The plot is pretty simple - supposedly about a great but flawed boxer , it 's really about a selfish bum who cheats on his wife , knocks his girlfriend around , beats up his brother , then fades from whatever `` glory '' he once had into a life of pot-bellied obscurity . Whopee , just what the world needs - another film about a selfish , greedy , stupid * loser * . Why do I hate this film so much ? I hate the characters , none of whom have any redeeming features whatsoever . I hate the artificial and pretentious black & white . I hate the ludicrous boxing scenes . I hate the moronic and self-indulgent religious imagery . So Scorcese is a devout catholic ? Well the Pope is too but does that make this a good film ? I think not.I really ca n't believe everyone has given this film 5 stars . Looks like another case of `` oh , all the critics like it , so it must be a great movie '' . `` I coulda been a contender , '' laments the lead character at the end of the film . Sure buddy , and Porky Pig coulda learned to fly . Exploiting this line from a * genuine * classic is just the last straw.The final verdict ? Watching this film the cinematic equivalent of wading through a cesspit . That said , if you 're suffering from insomnia , I think I might just have found a cure ...
 I saw this movie in my film studies class . At first I thought , `` Boxing movie ? Cool ! '' but only a few minutes into the film I discovered that it was miles away from exciting . Jake La Motta is an extremely unsympathetic character whose temper and jealousy do n't give any motivation for the audience to like him . He alienates everyone close to him and I could n't bring myself to feel sorry for his eventual fate . Robert De Niro 's portrayal of La Motta was well done , but being well-acted does n't make the film any more watchable . The boxing scenes were the parts I was most looking forward to , but again , I was sorely disappointed . I am well aware that the boxing was n't the main focus of this film , but a director of Scorsese 's caliber should have been able to make it slightly interesting.The only thing that angers me more than the fact that my time was wasted by this film is the fact that so many hail it as a masterpiece .
 Martin Scorsese is n't a bad fellow , and he has a lot of talent , no doubt , but his influence on young American moviemakers has been entirely negative . The galloping illiteracy of this film , the first of Scorsese 's f-word festivals , has infected dozens of other directors and screenwriters , and has even spread to television , where we see a sewage backup like `` The Sopranos '' being acclaimed by many who should know better . The screenplay of `` Raging Bull '' is shot through with inaccuracies , and nobody who remembers Jake LaMotta performing on `` Car 54 Where Are You '' is going to accept him as a tragic figure . The real tragedy is the debasement of the English language and its inexhaustible variety by a film like this .
 raging bull **** is more like it ! ! indeed - this movie is full of one of the most over rated movie maker ` s -LRB- along w the other and really incompetent robert altman who never made one good movie ever except mash !! thats a big except i know -- but never made anything one iota as good as that one ever again ! -RRB- - but here we have scorsese ` s usual bag of growing ever more annoying ! tricks -- aggrandizing low lifes & morons w no redeeming qualities -- w / pretentious slo mo shots -- italian opera vainly employed in the service of trying to give the worse than mundane some class -- and its all so amatuerish its embarassing to watch ! -- that a movie so bad -- so stupid so poorly shot and wrought == witless & pointless scenes with dull witless & moronic characters speaking the equally dumb dialogue in such bad broad bronx accents its almost impossible to believe this is scorsese territory -- tho he grew up in the village didnt he ? little italy -- where else ! -- near where de niro grew up i guess -- but little italy which to a nyc person is as far from the bronx as iowa is to little italy well not quite -- but the accents are so broad and over done its actually insulting to the true and beautifully musical cadences of a bronx accent - in jennifer lopez you can still hear it a little - i can listen to her till the cows come home -- not sing so much as just hear her talk !! but i tried to watch this raging bull **** movie again recently -- but couldnt stand the insipid incompetence on display esp with all the fan fare some critics have heaped on this nonsense -- it was interesting in the early scenes to see how far the raging bull character had descended -- from bronx thug and boxing goon to a fat bloated has been laughing stock lounge jokester meathead who himself was the joke a real pagliacci to scorcese i guess -- the whole thing is ludicrous of course -- with the pretentious black and white film -- -LRB- does scorcese see himself here in the tradition of de sica or fellini ?? two real geniuses who were incapable of making bad movies -RRB- -- but here alas we have painfully clastrophobic scenes that go nowhere and/or end in the usual violence - slowed down too -- opera trying to add pathos to the abounding mind numbing & relentlous idiocy -- its only de niro of course that makes it even palatible at all - he is so dedicated and such a brilliant actor you want to believe you are seeing something great -- or good at least - which makes it all the more disappointing as scene after scene devolve into nothing but a ridiculous waste of celluloid and talent -- shameful and embarassing dialogue dragging it all down -- scene after hapless scene ! -- but look in all fairness scorsese hasnt only made bad movies like this - he even made a great movie -- well two actually -- goodfellas - brilliant except for the totally miscast mamby pamby boss of paul sorvino who actually tried to turn down the plum role -- knowing he couldnt pull it off - he was supposed to be imposing -- he was as imposing as a muffin or a dough boy - his most believable scene a close up of him in jail cutting up garlic for the sauce -LRB- assuming they were really his finely manicured nails on display -RRB- !! and alice doesnt live here any more -- a wonderful touching movie - so i respect the guy for those two gems and taxi driver was close to being good it certainly had its moments -- mean streets was interesting if also amatuerish but at least it had a freshness back then -- the rest its all re hashed but second rate goodfellas stuff -- enough already aggrandizing these -LRB- with all due respect !!!!! -RRB- goom bahs - unless you are david chase or franics ford cappella and have the genius of their perspectives -- but it was truly a revelation how bad this movie is - i could n`t sit thru it all again - i tried i really did !!!
 Yet another exampled of a ` great ' movie that is highly overrated.La Motta was a jerk . Plain and simple.The movie is well recorded , but that is it.If you know why this is a ` great ' movie , please email me and let me know .
 I 'm a boxing fan and train often but I have no idea why people like this movie . It 's a story about a cocky , arrogant jerk who likes to abuse the people around him both mentally and physically . Most of the movie is of him degrading women , screaming profanities to them and hitting them . In one scene he beats his own brother badly in a jealous rage , stomping him and then slugs his own 20 year old wife . The only thing I learned from this movie is that Jake Lamotta was one horrible person . This movie does nothing for boxing . It basically just shows boxers as violent wife beaters who can take punches . Even the fight scenes do nothing to showcase the art of boxing .
 I love De Niro movies typically ... that smile of his , his acting potential , which cann go from extreme insanity to totally hilarious actor but this movie , De Niro or not De Niro , my son and I rated a `` negative one-halve '' . Every movie my son and I watch , we rate them after as a family thing , if you will , from 1 to 10 ... we rated this movie negative one-halve . The acting was when they were young and little was demanded from him nor demonstrated . Everyone in the show talked and walked the IQ of about 65 . I guess what I am trying to say is it was very very shallow storyline and the actors showed little to no depth.Bob : o -RRB-
 Lousy movie . Almost as bad as Lost in Space . I found it very amateurish - particularly the unsubtle operatic opening - and sunk with the weight of its own pretensions . I was a big De Niro fan after Godfather 2 and he 's probably the only interesting thing about this movie . But I could n't stand the little guy who swears a lot . Watching this movie was like being hit in the head repeatedly with a sock full of vomit . If it 's a good boxing movie you 're after try Fat City . Guaranteed no pretensions . And no overeating .
 The truth be told , Martin Scorsese 's Raging Bull stands up there in the ranks of Kubrick 's cinematography style . The editing and acting are all unique and extremely genuine . Shot in black and white you will see De Niro dance around the ring as Jake LaMotta scoring blows in some remarkably realistic performing . A press photographer 's bulb flashes , an eye gets cut , blood squirts out , the crowd roar , the commentator goes wild , another bulb flashes , a slow motion sequence , De Niro utters some fantastic lines in the middle of a bout , then does it all again . At home he has issues about infidelity and he has some very punishing personality problems to boot . It makes for an interesting character study to see how the beast behind the gloves works out his problems in the ring and even expresses his disdain for it all in there too.However this film does have some extremely negative values that batter the quality of this film about the place . The plot outside of the ring is mostly about LaMotta 's emotional problems that end up turning violent . After awhile it seems that LaMotta is just a brutal man who Mike Tyson has taken some lessons from . It might be true to life , it might be realistic , but it is just plainly disinteresting and you want to see LaMotta beat up his wife and friends as much as you want to see some domestic violence in your own home . It does n't make for very pleasurable viewing and certainly you can say - `` But this is drama '' and in many ways it is , but that is all Scorsese really explores here and after awhile you do get bored of it all and you do n't really take anything much of value away with you after seeing it.Surprisingly this is one of Scorsese 's turkeys on the drama front . It never really develops into much and sometimes just appears to be there as an excuse for excessive profanity and violence . Nowhere does Scorsese 's pictures come closer to being fowl-mouthed for the sake of it than in Raging Bull . At times you feel that this is why he made the picture in the first place , to see if he could push the standards of cursing in movies and allow the language to become acceptable as part and parcel of reality , but it really does n't do anything for the picture or the character development . It just seems to be there - to be there . The film also stalls a lot of the time and in many ways those who say that they did not like Raging Bull have good reason too . It is an over-rated picture but not on the cinematography front or De Niro 's performance . It is just not that well executed in the `` song and dance '' department and LeMotta 's family and social life is just not really worthy of capturing on film any more than the drunken hobo who goes ape on anyone who comes near him because he is drunk with anger and feels exploited by society.Scorsese certainly showed his value as a technical director with this one but it is hard to imagine that the maker of Taxi Driver or Goodfellas was behind the drama here . This is well below what Scorsese is capable off .
 Deniro is one of the best actors of all time . Most all of Scorcese 's films are jewels . But ... I could n't get through this film in one sitting . An overdose . The script seemed ad-libed and overfull . It was boring . It was depressing from start to finish with no sense of salvation for any of the characters , nor did they deserve it.I bought the special edition and absolutely enjoyed the special features , though it wo n't drive me back to watch the film again . `` Mean Streets '' and `` Taxi Driver '' did the same thing to me , , so perhaps I 'm peculiar .
 What makes a movie great ? What are you looking for in a movie ? The answers to those questions will determine your reaction to this movie.There 's a lot of realism here , though not in the boxing scenes . I have n't yet seen a realistic boxing scene in a movie . I 've watched maybe hundreds of boxing matches , but I 've never seen boxing done accurately in a movie , and it is nowhere near accurate here . It is laughable here , as usual . Overly dramatic , the punches way too noisy , the reactions of the fighters way too stupid and unrealistic , like LaMotta standing along the ropes with one hand on the ropes , neither hand even trying to protect his head , while Robinson pummels him . Yeah , right , whatever . No effing way . And that moment with Robinson raising one fist slowly . Spare me . That was just stupid , boxing for non-fans in a dream world . Maybe you think this bit of unrealism is artistic , but if you are a boxing fan you see it for what it is , overdramatic nonsense that does n't look anywhere near real.If you enjoy that scene because it shows how the hero ignored his own safety and opened himself up to pain , and you like identifying with that macho behavior , well go have a beer and picture yourself as this character . To me , it 's just baloney . It 's like that silly Rocky nonsense , completely unreal , a macho fantasy , a little kid thing.But the rest of this movie , pseudo-boxing scenes aside , is too real . It is about a guy who makes a mess of his life . There 's a lot of agita in this movie as the lead character behaves like a jealous and paranoid violent dictatorial jerk . That 's not easy to watch and it 's not enjoyable to watch either.There was a Bogart film noir film like this one . Bogart played a jealous and violent guy who messes everything up . I did n't like that movie either . It was like cod liver oil . You watch it , you realize that the main character has a lot wrong with him that is painful to watch , you applaud it for being realistic because some people are that way , and when the movie is over you are glad it 's over and you do n't have to go through it anymore.It 's hard , as a reviewer , to realize that other people have other things they are looking for in a movie . Look at this site . So many people are calling Raging Bull one of the greatest movies ever made . I do n't get it . Why ? What are they looking for in a movie ? To me , this was just a lot of agita with no payoff . This did n't deliver what I 'm looking for in a movie . It just basically annoyed me from start to finish.I did n't get the female character at all . I do n't know what her game was . It was n't fleshed out . She was a cardboard wife , pretty much . I did n't see a real person there . I think one weakness of Scorsese as a director is that he does n't understand women on screen . They do n't really matter either . They are just props . This is n't about them . They are just there to be the lover , the cheater , fill one role or other in the lives of the men.So it seems to me that all the rave reviews on this site are kidding themselves . This movie really is n't Great with a capital G. No , it is n't . And since I did n't enjoy following this crazy man 's messed up life , since I was happy when they started showing the credits and I could be free of this annoying and messed up man 's problems , I ca n't even give it three stars .
 After making the classic and thoroughly joyous rock-jam film The Last Waltz with marvelous ` guest ' performances from Joni Mitchell , Van Morrison , Muddy Waters , Eric Clapton , Neil Young backing up The Band & good friend Robbie Robertson , Martin Scorsese took a two-year break from moviemaking , during which he was wed and divorced to actress Isabella Rossellini . Their falling out left him in a state of deep depression , from which 1980 's Raging Bull emerged . Like Travis Bickle 's gruesome homicidal explosion at the end of Scorsese 's modern-urban-Dostoyevskian masterpiece Taxi Driver -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , making Raging Bull was Scorsese 's personal catharsis , which he apparently used to empty every negative and self-destructive aspect of himself onto celluloid.Shot in stark , merciless black-and-white to reproduce the urban grittiness of Little Italy circa 1940 , Scorsese 's film pays tribute to champion boxer Jake La Motta 's primitiveness . Much like British director Mike Leigh 's movie Naked -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Scorsese presents a reprehensible , brutal main character sympathetically , as if his paranoid , cruel and violent behavior is utterly beyond his control - as if it 's the corrupt society in which the character lives which deserves the blame for this abhorrent behavior , but certainly not the character -LRB- or the simple-minded storytellers -RRB- . It 's the old ` absolute product of the environment ' dramatic scheme which argues against the existence of characters ' having any access whatsoever to personal choice ; Jake La Motta is Scorsese 's embodiment of the human being as total animal , nothing more , who behaves solely as ` nature ' dictates.Stylistically , Scorsese 's self-described `` kamikaze '' style of filmmaking , of throwing himself at the material , here bears both the exhilarating highs and wretched lows of free-writing . The boxing sequences are the greatest ever put on film
 While this movie is a true classic and is one of Scorsese 's best , that ca n't be said for the far unacceptable DVD that is now out of print . A Special Edition w / and Anamorphic transfer would help , but it ca n't come soon enough . Since the previous DVD has been out of print for quite some time , I assume a Special Edition is in the works and I expect an Anamorphic transfer . If not , I 'm sure there will be more than one angry film buff.The movie is flawless as you see Jake LaMotta 's soul and career being torn apart by himself through an amazing performance from Robert De Niro . A performance that I would say is the best of all-time . With the help of Jake LaMotta himself , Martin Scorsese has delievered a movie with awesome black and white cinematography , great boxing visuals -LRB- some of the most powerful you 'll see in film -RRB- and top-notch performances from the entire cast . A must-see film !
 This animated version of Alexandre Dumas ' classic novel was disappointing for several reasons . 1 -RRB- the complex plot does n't lend itself to a short animation and as a result the simplified story line offered in the tape is incoherent . Why was Cornelius imprisoned ? Was his godfather a good character or an evil one ? 2 -RRB- The graphics are primitive and VERY scary . The eight year old girl who viewed it to the end -LRB- she always does , no matter what ! -RRB- was often distracted and her five year old brother was bored and left the room before the scary parts forced us to turn off the tape . 3 -RRB- The attempts to make the story appealing to young children by adding animal characters further confuse the plot and make the story untecognizable to anyone who , like me , has read and enjoyed the book . END
 I will appreciate having a copy of this film from you . I am very much interested in Laurel & Hardy Collections . In fact , it is my best commedy .
 Well , I think Martin Lawrence is a funny actor . I wo n't compare him to an under rated version of Eddie Murphy like most people do , since I do n't think he is . He has his own style , his own way to act etc. . . and the mere fact that they both star in comedy movies is not that relevant to me.Anyway I knew this movie would be slightly different from what Lawrence has done in the past . This time it would be a blending of comedy and thriller , something more personal , maybe because he wrote the screenplay and directed the movie . So I watched it trying to stay away from any prejudices and to enjoy it for what it is . I found the movie very uneven . The real plot took way too long to come up . Indeed , the first part trying to settle Lawrence 's character and personality is way too long compared to the time left to the plot development and realization , which obviously leads to shortcuts and great haste when it comes to the real story . The goal of the movie , the real aim is therefore not reached entirely , for the comedy part of the movie maybe stole a lead over the drama or thriller part . It was indisputably interesting to try catching another ` usually hidden ' side of Martin Lawrence , as a director , a writer trying to deal with something different from what he usually does , but this time it was not that big of a success . Let 's not be too harsh there for it may be new to him , and I 'm sure we 'll see more from him in that field very soon , but I would not rank this movie as a must-see one . I watched it cause I really wanted to discover something new about Lawrence , and in a way I saw some good first steps , but somehow the intention outmatched the means and the way Lawrence handled the making and construction of his work.But as you can see , this is not a ` Do n't go watch this movie ' kind of message , it is just a personal view of it . You should try this movie anyway , cause you 'll see or at least guess what Martin Lawrence could do with a little more experience and writing discipline .
 How this piece of drivel ever got the greenlight is totally beyond me ! An embarassment from start to finish , `` Thin Line . . '' is a slow moving , poorly directed , over-acted and ridiculously written attempt at making a cautionary tale of watching who 's heart you toy with . A total waste of time , black talent and film !
 nothing original here at all.i respect Regina King , Lynn Whitfield & Martin Lawrence but this is pure Hollywood formula.i saw this same film about 11 years back and it was called the war of the roses . did n't like it then and i do n't like it now .
 This is the second DVD I 've bought in the last few weeks , the other being Family Guy Vol-9 , both were damaged upon opening them . The flimsy tray was broken so the DVD 's do n't stay in the case . Is this an Amazon thing on A Fox thing ?
 Most of the episodes are censored . First episode is uncensored but almost all of the others are bleeped out . Really sad . Look Fox/Seth we 're all grown ups here . Not gon na offend anyone . Still love the show though just think we got screwed again .
 In big letters on the back at the top it says `` Uncensored and Outrageous '' and in the small print describing the special features it says `` on select episodes '' . This is annoying and misleading . I want the uncensored version of each episode ! Also annoying is that half the episodes are full screen and half are wide . This show is still great but this collection seems like an uneven thrown together hodge-podge .
 I guess it wasnt the worst movie i have ever seen , but it was pretty forgettable . It couldve been funny , it couldve been cool . It didnt really make it past either of those hurdles . I wouldnt call it a surf movie-as they only surf briefly in the end . Its just a bit dis-jointed and choppy . The proposal is the cheesiest thing i have ever seen in a movie . I dont think these situations would actually ever come up in someones life , and ive been to mexico !
 I have seen all of Grace Kelly 's movies , and this one stands out as by far the least appealing.Grace 's talents are wasted in the silly movie . Grace plays a lonely coffee plantation owner who meets Stewart Granger , a thoroughly awful cad , and we are supposed to believe that the two fall in love , even though there is zero chemistry between them.Ms Kelly herself has stated publically her great dislike of this film , and I for one agree with her .
 this movie is such a poor copy i could not bring myself to watch more that ten minutes . poor sound , poor picture .
 Although the film production and acting is wonderful for its time , I was deeply disappointed in the historical inaccuracies of this film . Not only does the story vaguely follow the correct timeline of events , but so much of historical facts are left out that I felt cheated . I think Beatty did a fantastic job in his portrayal of Clyde , but I could n't help but think the casting of Dunaway was made in error . Yes , she is a fine actress , but at their deaths , Clyde was 24 years old and Bonnie was 23 . I could n't help but notice how much older Dunaway appears in the film in comparison to Beatty . Even the smallest details of their lives were either left out or misrepresented unfortunately .
 After just seeing again and reviewing Gun Crazy -LRB- John H Lewis , 1950 -RRB- , it becomes obvious how bad Bonnie and Clyde actually was/is , and why . The following text is edited from the Wikipedia review : B & C is considered a landmark film , and is regarded as one of the first films of the New Hollywood era , since it broke many taboos and was popular with the younger generation . Its success motivated other filmmakers to be more forward about presenting sex and violence in their films.In the middle of the Great Depression , Clyde Barrow -LRB- Warren Beatty -RRB- and Bonnie Parker -LRB- Faye Dunaway -RRB- meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie 's mother 's car . Bonnie , who is bored by her job as a waitress , is intrigued with Clyde , and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime . They do some holdups , but their amateur efforts , while exciting , are not very lucrative . ... Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks . Their exploits also become more violent . When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car , Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car 's running board . The gang is pursued by law enforcement , including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer -LRB- Denver Pyle -RRB- , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws , then set free . ... The Ranger locates Bonnie , Clyde and CW , hiding at the house of CW 's father Ivan Moss -LRB- Dub Taylor -RRB- , who thinks the couple and an ornate tattoo -- have corrupted his son . He strikes a bargain with Hamer
 AND THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS VERSION AND THE ULTIMATE EDITION IS ... ? GOD I HATE THESE COMPANIES ALWAYS LAUNCHING NEW AND IMPROVED SPECIAL EDITIONS AFTER ANOTHER ... AND GUESS WHAT !!!! THE TWO DISC SPECIAL EDITION AND THE 2 DISC ULTIMATE EDITION ARE COMING OUT THE SAME DAY !!!!!!!!!!! 1 I DONT UNDERSTAND ... COULD SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN ?!! AND THE LATTER IS APPROX 12 DOLLARS MORE EXPENSIVE ! i really dont get this ... this is the last straw ... 2 special editions on the same day ? this is unbelievable
 Wow , still at the top of the AFI 's top 100 and it is completely false . I am Ryan Methvin . The writers of this screenplay should be ashamed .
 Hollywood has a track record of turning vile , murdering cowards and criminals into folk heroes . This piece of trash is among the winners . What a load of pure hogwash . When it first came out , the critics went into ecstasy about the sexual message all through the movie , using handguns as a phallic symbol . More Freudian dribble !!! The police are the villians here while the gang are the heroes . -LRB- The scene with Denver Pyle playing Texas Ranger Frank Hamer sneaking up on the bloodthirty duo is pure bilge . If the real Capt. Hamer had had his way , B&C 's crimewave would n't have lasted any length of time . -RRB- The real Bonnie Parker was absolute trash . She blew a policeman 's head off point blank with a sawed off shotgun ! And she 's a HEROINE ? More like she was on HEROIN . If you think this is a `` Robin Hood '' tale of robbing from the rich and giving to the poor , you live in a fantasy world . The small businesses that Barrow and Parker robbed were `` mom and pop '' stores . And the poor certainly did n't benefit . The only redeeming part of this film is seeing these two thugs riddled by gunfire by the law . A fitting end .
 this movie was so bloody at the end , they made the r rating!this was the first movie they ever rated r.the flaw is its very slow as compared to todays action packed extravagansas.a modern day version would be awesome.actualy , there is teenage bonnie and kleptomaniac clyde.its better than this one.everbody knows the story.theres these 2 lovers bonnie parker and clyde barrow.they ride around robbing banks.they become something of folk heros.the feds used a dastardly trick to lure them to their slaughter.lex luthor from superman is in it.oh yeah hes this jewish guy ... gene hackman?its considered a classic.it is very much true.it was not exact with any books i read , but the important stuff goes down the same way.its called a classic but ive turned it off a number of times.legend in its time , i guess.the end scene is intense.the superman movies were better as mostly every hackman movie sucks .
 This is another 1960 's film designed to subvert american valuesand culture . Liberals , most notibly Warren Beatty , wereinvolved in the production of it . The message of the film isthat crime and violence against society is a great lifestyle.Criminals are heroic figures while the police are an evil forceout to stop the `` fun '' of young people.Liberals made films like this in the 1960s as part of an assaultby media on the foundations of freedom . Their attempts to buildcommunism had largely failed after the death of the socialistFranklin Roosevelt . And after the movement collapsed in the1950s , many of them took to promoting drugs and crime among theyoung . The idea being that America could be prepared forrevolution if its young were turned into criminals running wildrioting in the streets . This film was the real inspiration forcriminals like the weather underground , the SLA , theBaider-Meinhoff gang in germany and numerous red brigade deathsquads in europe.The formula of the film was to pick two attractive leads andthen sell violence and crime for two hours in a slick advertisingpackage . Subvert the idea of love into a love of death andmake violent death an inevitable thing.Better yet , package up the violence so that its `` better thanreal life '' . People say this film is more `` realistic '' in itsviolence than previous hollywood films . Not true . There is n'tanything real about it because real violence is ugly and boring.The film does n't capture realism . It creates a new language ofstylized attractive violence for film.Beatty revealed his true `` colors '' years later when he made theopenly pro-communist film `` Reds '' . But he was working hard forthe cause when this film was made .
 Not only is Warren an average actor but Faye is not polished either !! The main reason I do not recommend this as a BUY is because the DVD is encased in an inferior container . I purchased a total of 3 , and all three were broken when they arrived . Until the company encases the DVD in a more adequate case , they can keep this movie and its bad case .
 Man , what a stinker this movie is . Seriously it 's so lame that only children would enjoy it.First of all , how dumb is it that there would be a girl bank robber anyway . I believe the boy part of it , because history has shown that boys rob banks . But girls ? Come on . That 's not very believable and anyway why would they need to because they get all their money from men already . See , the logic in the movie does n't work.This movie , which is horrible , is also a total rip-off of Natural Born Killers . If Woody Harrelson -LRB- or anyone from the terrific ensemble sitcom `` Cheers '' -RRB- were in Bonnie or Clyde it would be a much more excellent movie . I would prefer to see Frasier and Robin Colcorde robbing banks and I think that would be a real hoot of a movie.I have n't seen many Warren Beatty movies , but I can tell you after this one , I probably wo n't be rushing out to rent them . And Faye Dunaway who plays the part that is not Clyde is also dumb and I hate her so much !!!! If you have a choice between seeing this movie and Anaconda , I recommend Anaconda , again , unless you 're a child and have no movie taste and then you should probably watch this movie .
 This is an interesting film that attempts to tell the tale of the famous Depression era bank robbers the Barrow Gang with special focus on the founder members Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker . Although the gunfights are loud and rather graphic for the times , they pale in comparison with upcoming future films like `` Shaft '' and `` Dirty Harry '' and indeed when compared with most Westerns and even James Cagney gangster films . Interesting that people took notice and some even offence at the gun-related violence here when blonde and blue-eyed people are involved but when many , many more native American Indians are shot at and massacred in the old cowboy Westerns nobody seemed to raise even an eyebrow . Still this film has been named as an inspiration to later more graphic gun-related violence in films and the opening semi-nude scene with Dunaway probably inspired more graphic nudity in future scenes as well.What starts out as a dare becomes for a couple of bored amoral Southerners a one way ticket to destruction . We become sympathetic with the characters though as we realise that killers or not , they are still human beings and at the end you are left wondering if what Hamer does is n't just a `` legal '' version of murder . There are a number of poignant scenes that stand out such as the Bonnie composed poem about Bonnie and Clyde which she so matter-of-factly ends with the knowledge of their eventual destruction and burial and the scene with Bonnie 's mother when they realise that they can never go back to the way things were ever again.Too bad this dvd version is so poor though as the picture quality is full of imperfections and the sound quality comes only in Mono not to mention the complete lack of any bonus features worth mentioning as well . I 've not seen the Blu-ray release yet but I hope that these issues have been addressed.This is a good adventure and although not a completely accurate tale of the life of Bonnie and Clyde is still fun to watch and is worthy of a place in your dvd library . However , this dvd version leaves much to be desired and you should look at getting the restored and improved version while giving this one a miss .
 This film is an irresponsible rape of history for commercial gain . I 'm not talking about omissions because of the limitations of movie making . I 'm talking about outright lies . I can almost forgive making stuff up about B&C since they were a couple of dirt bags , but I ca n't forgive making Frank Hamer -LRB- mispronounced in the movie -RRB- and other lawmen look like fools.Frank 's service to society was quite remarkable . It was so remarkable that the justified slaughter of B&C was but a footnote to his illustrious career . And what of the officers and innocents killed or injured by the Barrow gang ? The movie makes their loss seem like so much fun at the penny arcade . Director Penn should be ashamed.I doubt the positive reviewers of this film would be so quick to praise a movie that made Charlie Manson 's group out to be a fun-loving bunch of misguided hippies . This is the exact sort of thing this movie did . The only difference is how old the crimes are . In fact in terms of the suffering they caused , the Barrow gang was worse than Manson . Those that glowingly praise this movie would be well served to crack a history book once in a while . I suggest Milner 's The `` Lives and Times of Bonnie and Clyde . `` If you do decide to read about B&C , you 'll be surprised to find that some of the most interesting facts were left out of the movie . For example
 Great movie ! Lousy DVD sound quality . It has a nasty hum at times and is too quiet . I had to increase the volume of my dolby digital surround system to its maximum level , which under normal circumstances would get myself evicted from the premises . Another Warner Brothers DVD that has this problem is THE SHINING . I will be very cautious before purchasing any Warner Brothers DVDs from now on .
 This film is a spiritual and moral landmark - in a very bad way . It is the first film to portray bloody murders of human beings in balletic , hedonistic/sadistic slow motion . For the first time in a popular medium since the gladiator games in the Roman Colliseum 2,000 years ago , murder and blood have become entertainment for the masses . There is no moral anchoring here whatsoever . The two robbers/killers of the title are portrayed by beautiful and beautifully dressed and filmed individuals . The bad guys here are drawn in depth with great sympathy while the good guys are shallow and physically unattractive men and women . The backdrop of the Great American depression provides an occasional and failed attempt to make Bonnie and Clyde folk/political heroes . This is all filmed with such cinematic skill that the confusion may stay with the audience long after the film ends . The final slo-mo bloody shooting of Bonnie and Clyde is murder transformed into sick eye candy . From this film on , Hollywood felt free to run its own modern version of the gladiator games for the masses . Murders could be depicted in great detail in order to feed the newly discovered bloodlust of the masses willing to plunk down a few bucks in order to see the latest filmed torture and killing . There is a direct connection between this film and the ending of `` Hannibal '' , where a live human has his brains eaten from his split open skull . A friend and I were discussing this and we predict that it is only a matter of time before Hollywood feels the need to meet the increasing threshold for violence in the masses by making animals and children their next on screen victims . You have to keep upping the ante if you need to maintain shock value to bring them in at the box office . This is a film that , in retrospect , produced nothing but evil in society . At the time , it 's style and flashy directing compelled people to take it seriously . Now we know better .
 Please keep in mind this is not part of the A&E Biography series , this is a movie . From the beginning , movies have always , I repeat , always taken liberty with facts . So unlike some earlier reviews , I was not disappointed that the movie skipped some facts . But I was disappointed in the movie itself . The critics have built this movie into one of `` The Great Ones '' . Yes , the movie is rich in the technical areas , but I do n't think the movie could decide whether to glorify them or to demonstrate how self destructive and crime obsessed they were . It was all I could do to finish the move .
 Mr. Bonesteel characterized this movie as art . I 'd have to agree with that because art is entirely subjective . However , his statement about these two hoods being heroes to the people at the time is not accurate -LRB- more misinformation from the movie -RRB- . B&C rarely robbed banks . In fact , they robbed mom-and-pop stores and stole people 's cars . A couple of times Clyde killed `` pop '' in the process . This killing of innocents , as well as law enforcement , did not endear them to the public .
 If you look at this as a fictional movie its a decent flick but if you watch this in hopes of seeing the real story of Bonnie and Clyde ... your better off reading about them . This film is so full of inaccuracies and outright lies it actually made me mad.Bonnie and Clyde are such a fascinating pair and their true story is gripping and simply amazing . I read quite a few reviews before adding mine . There are quite a few people who say they were scum and trash . You have to take everything into account . They lived in the great depression where there was no money , and hard times . Shanty towns dotted every state because people were evicted from their homes . It was a bad time to be alive . -LRB- Nearly 1 out of every 4 citizens were unemployed -RRB- Times were ridiculously rough for the people of the Great Depression era.Clyde was a small time crook in his youth -LRB- Doing what his brothers and friends in their ghetto did to make money -RRB- . He was sent to jail and back then -LRB- and even to some extent today -RRB- ex cons were hounded at all times by the law . You could n't walk down the street with out being stopped by police . After Clyde got out of jail he got an honest job . Why did n't he stick with it ? Because he was taken from his place of employment anytime the cops got a wild hair up their butts . It resulted in him being fired.He went back to what he knew . His attitude was most likely one of `` They expect me to anyway ... they are always harassing me about things I did n't do so screw it why not just go ahead and do it `` Clyde was then sent to one of THE WORST prisons in Texas -LRB- And some say the US -RRB- He was brutalized and raped there . -LRB- this is where he committed his first murder ... he killed the man who raped him -RRB- Prisoners were beaten by each other and the people who were supposed to guard them . -LRB- After an investigation of the prison , the warden was forced to resign -RRB- Clyde went so far as to cut off his own toes to try and get out of that place . These factors persuaded him to raid the prison later on and do his best to liberate as many prisoners as possible . Given his time in Eastham prison he swore never to go back.These kids gave up their lives . They lived in camp sites and cabins and ran . They slept outside and survived the best they could because they knew there was no going back for either of them . When ever possible Clyde kidnapped police men rather than out and out killing them . He played the game till the end . Bonnie loved him more than life itself and was willing to roll the dice of fate to stay with him as long as possible.They were a fascinating pair . The movie is not one that depicts them with any sense of accuracy . If you really want to know about Bonnie and Clyde , do the research it will serve you so much better than this movie .
 First of all , I believe the director did not intent to make this movie truthful . That ` s why many scenes were completely fictional . Secondly , I understand it was released in 1967 when anti-war and anti-establishment sentiments were the norm . Yes , it was a very violent movie during that time but compared to R-rated movies these days , it ` s like a PG13.I 'm glad I borrowed this from my local library instead of purchasing it.Overall , it ` s not an interesting film . At least , it does not depict Bonnie and Clyde as Robin Hoods . They were certainly not .
 `` Little Laura and Big John '' is a story based on the actual life of notorious Floridian prohibition gangster John Ashley . Starring Fabian Forte as Ashley and Karen Black as his partner in crime Laura , this film fails on every level . Mod hair Fabian in an eye patch rules the Everglades ruthlessly , engaging in rum running , illicit alcohol , and bank robberies , hiding out in the swamp with his gang and Black . On the other side of the law is character actor and future `` Breakfast Club '' star Paul Gleason , who always gets his man . You 'd think with a setup like that that this would be an exciting movie . How wrong you would be.This film is one of the most gratuitously plodding pieces of cinema I have ever seen . Much of the film is extremely dark , and the acting varies from decent to wholly inadequate
 This forgettable entry in the gangster genre starred teen idol Fabian as John Ashley and Karen Black as his wife Laura - with an early appearance by character actor Paul Gleason -LRB- Principal Vernon fromThe Breakfast Club -RRB- - and has all the cringe-inducing affectations of 70 's cinema with none of the quirky plot or character elements to raise it at least to the level of fun cheese . As an industry term , `` Cheese '' is probably pushing the envelope , but it 's that peculiar combination of script , bad acting , goofy effects , and ridiculous style that can sometimes come together and elevate a film from the past up beyond any of its intended , intrinsic worth and into the realm of unintentional entertainment . If you are old enough to have pictures of yourself from 30-40 years ago , and have ever pulled them down and laughed over them with others , then you 'll have a pretty good understanding of what I 'm talking about . If you enjoy that sort of thing , then many of the Crown International Picture presentations gathered together onSavage Cinema
 I thought this video was not very challenging . I expected an advanced workout , and when the video was finished I thought we were just finishing the warm up . Also , the instructor obviously has taught many aerobics classes because her kickboxing form was horrible . I did n't even break a sweat . This is a very , very beginning level tape .
 What I do n't understand is why this came up under a search for Kevin Smith . That 's all I have to say about that .
 ok , so ... this is the last time I EVER watch a movie without reading the reviews first ! Because had I read the reviews , I wld have not wasted the last 2 hours of my life . This movie is soo ... I do n't even have the words for it . It 's crazy because it starts out pretty good and then ... I felt towards the end there was a gradual decline in content . Also the direction of the movie went to places that just dont make sense . I think the director or writer went into an LSD trance halfway through and couldnt figure out ... hell idk . It was a tug of war with the moral dilemma of being a lesbian . And a huge turn at the end , which I STILL do n't get and an old war vet that pops up out of nowhere . It was jus . . ridiculous ! I could have made a better story making a slideshow in powerpoint .
 Wow , where do I begin ? This movie had and I do mean had the potential to be an interesting , even heart tugging drama . However , it ends up being a mixed up jumble of mixed messages and crazy mishaps masquerading as fate or destiny or some nonsense.The acting is sub-par to say the least with the best performance being delivered by the lead actress , who I believe also co-stars in A Marine Story , but I digress . What a load of crap , and please forgive me I just finished the grueling task of watching this film to completion and would really like a refund from Amazon Instant Video right now . Nevertheless , save yourself the trouble by skipping this one completely!It veers all over the place and never really hones in on the actual point of the film . It appears as though messages about family , love , God and fate are tossed in randomly with no adherance to the slightest filmaking nuiance . It is choppy and feels like a low budget B movie that should get an F. Look , I 'm rambling at this point so let me just conclude by stating that this was a collossal waste of two hours that I will never get back .
 It 's a miracle I finished watching this movie . This movie had so much potential to be such a heart wrenching tear jerker , but instead , with its choppy scenes , sub-par acting , random connections that are tied miserably to fate , etc. do nothing but jerk the watcher around as in a bumpy roller coaster ride of nonsense . I was truly disappointed .
 i have seen a lot of bad movies , but this one takes the cake . please , please do n't waste your money on this thing . it left a bad taste in my mouth that i just ca n't get rid of.warning , for those determined to watch ... spoilers below ... let 's start with ... the script . first , the script is very - very x 1,000 - poorly written . the plot is all over the place , stereotypical characters , and an overall bad message to viewers . to me it seemed homophobic . it 's the ` evil/dead lesbian cliche ' to the max . -LSB- i am SSOOOOOOOO tired of lesbian movies with unhappy/horrible endings . -RSB- that leads me to the actors . first , the actors have no chemistry . second , the acting is heavy handed , clumsy , and unappealing.last , the soundtrack and directing . first , the soundtrack just does not fit ! who did the music for this thing ? do they not know how to set a mood ? and second , the directing ... . all i can say is the director should have avoided this whole thing and run for the hills!if i were you , i would n't waste my money on this so called movie . i did n't even bother to return it . i trashed it . that 's how bad it is.watch something uplifting ! try ` imagine me and you . ' which is possibly the best lesbian themed movie ever made .
 I saw this film for free , fortunately , which may have influenced my decision to give it two stars . If I had paid good money for it I would n't have felt so generous . I wanted to like it , but the crazy quilt storyline made it impossible . You know you have a problem when you stop the movie and back it up to see where you missed any foreshadowing whatsoever for certain dialog -LRB- I did this twice -RRB- . Like another reviewer here , I was surprised when the main character -LRB- Sydney -RRB- first reveals how she feels toward her neighbor -LRB- Jane -RRB- . I said -LRB- out loud , actually -RRB- , `` Wait a minute . Where did that come from ? '' I do n't know if it was bad writing or bad editing or both , but after backing the movie up and looking for some inkling , I can safely say it came completely out of left field . This was not the lone example of dialog or plot that made no sense in the context of the film . There was far too much of it , so much I could n't take the relationship seriously , which detracted quite a bit from the intended emotional effect of the ending -LRB- which also made no sense -RRB- . The actors seemed to try their best , but all of them overacted , with the exception of Rachel Owens -LRB- Jane -RRB- . She played free spirit , bohemian Jane without all the angst and bizarre emotional outbursts that characterized the rest of the characters . The children were there as props more than anything else . They did n't really react much to what was being said and done , and certainly not as real children would have reacted under the circumstances . I have to chalk up the over the top style of acting to bad direction , since they all seemed to do it.I found myself feeling bad for poor Corey , Sydney 's husband . He suffers from a distinct lack of a sense of humor , but otherwise he seems like a man trying to provide for his family , while his wife nags him constantly about not spending enough time with her . And what was up with that ? She wants him to spend more time with her , but when he 's with her , she does n't want him to touch her , and seems bored to tears with him . If I was Kathleen Benner -LRB- Rachel -RRB- I would get the impression my character was bipolar , not stricken with cancer.Speaking of the diagnosis , the doctor was almost comically cold and insensitive in revealing the details of her condition to Sydney , as soon as he found out she did n't have any insurance . When she told him , I 'm literally going , `` Wait a minute . Is n't Corey a retired Marine ? I mean , they made a point of showing us his bumper sticker . -LRB- I pay attention to those kind of details , but the writer , director , and producer apparently did not . Hint to them
 This is literally the worse film , and I use the term loosely that I have ever seen . When I finished watching -LRB- and only out of curiosity -RRB- the DVD went straight to the garbage.The two lead actresses have potential . There are a couple of scenes when there relationship seems genuine , but the script is badly written , with much to-do-about-nothing dialogue and unclear `` conclusions '' . The husband seems more like a porn actor than an ex-marine and the evangelical christian seems like a character out of a looney toons episode.There is no evolution of the feelings . Scenes come and go and there is never a sense of what is actually going thru the characters minds except when they say it . For example , when Sidney says '' I wanted to kiss you since the first time I saw you '' . Really ???? You could have fooled me with your non-chalant attitude . That 's what acting is for ... to reflect feelings not croak bad dialogue.The evangelical christian is an eye sore and the story so awfully told that at some point we were wondering if this was actually a born again christian film disguissed as lesbian themed.I am a supporter of the arts , but there is a line that should not be crossed . This project should not have ever made it to film and I should never have spend $ 15 on it.I set complete responsability of this disaster on the writer/director . Hope she has more sense -LRB- a lot of it -RRB- next time .
 I bought this thinking it had promise and I had n't heard of it - well I wish it had stayed that way . I 'll do my best not to have any spoilers for the film , but I honestly say skip it anyway . I bought it on DVD and the love scenes were nice and the actresses were pretty but the whole involvement with the husband - the back and forth drama , it just was n't convincing . They did try hard on this film though , but honestly why wo n't anyone get that a `` lesbian '' movie needs to have a plot besides the fact that their will be two women making out in it ; cause that wo n't hold the film .
 I agree with all the negative statements made by other reviewers about the bad acting , the bad script , the bad music , etc ; this is the most preposterous movie I 've seen in a long time . There 's no way it 's worth even one star . But the worst part to me is the message that being a lesbian is bad , but if you are a lesbian , Jesus can help you . That stood out to me like a sore thumb because there simply was no other reason for the Christian lesbian to be in the movie . It was n't a blatant message , but it certainly was n't subtle either . And it was like the final nail in the movie 's coffin . -LRB- I do n't know anything about the writer ; if she 's a lesbian , she DEFINITELY needs to find another line of work ! -RRB-
 The other one-star review by E. Hendrix sums up my thoughts on this film , I would only differ in the use -LRB- even loosely -RRB- of the term film . As I stated in my comment of E. Hendricx 's review , I 'm not sure what the four-star reviewer was watching but it could n't have been this piece of bad acting , editing , directing and writing that this DVD represents .
 Very low budget , poorly acted film . Unrealistic ending as thyroid cancer is not as portrayed . Sorry I wasted my 1.99 . Just awful !
 POR FAVOR ME DEEM UMA ORIENTAAO POIS FIZ UMA COMPRA COM VOCES EM DEZEMBRO D 2010 E AT&Eacute; AGORA NAO RECEBI O DVD DO BRAYAN ADAMS . INFELIZMENTE ESTOU MUITO DESCONTENTE COM AMAZON.COM MEU E-MAIL MARCIOEDD1@HOTAMIL.COM POR FAVOR ENTREM EM CONTATO COMIGO POIS NEM ISSO VCS FIZERAM . UM GRANDE ABRAO
 Studio One Presents Suspense , 1950 TVThese are two hour-long shows from the early days of television . They are interesting in showing what was considered one of the best shows of that time . They seem low-budget today . Note the slimness of the actors then . You probably wo n't want to watch them twice . The advertisement for a big screen television is interesting ; so too for a ` laundromat ' automatic washing machine . The first provides entertainment for the time saved by using the second . Imagine not having either ! `` Two Sharp Knives '' -LSB- 1949 -RSB- is about the arrest of a man wanted for murder . The next day they find the notice was false , but the man is now dead ! Who created a false report ? Who was the murderer ? Love and money are the prime causes of murder , the police have to find a motive to solve the crime . And they do . This has a surprising ending that would not be shown in later times . `` There Was a Crooked Man '' -LSB- 1950 -RSB- takes place in a boarding house . We meet the people who live in small rooms and eat watered soup . The characters ' talk tells about them . One man is found murdered . Who did it ? The police question the people as to alibi . Was there an impostor in this house ? The police uncover the past of the dead man and get a motive for his accomplice .
 This is an unlicensed pirate copy , taken off the UK release . How do I know ? I released this in the UK !
 `` Little Laura and Big John '' is a story based on the actual life of notorious Floridian prohibition gangster John Ashley . Starring Fabian Forte as Ashley and Karen Black as his partner in crime Laura , this film fails on every level . Mod hair Fabian in an eye patch rules the Everglades ruthlessly , engaging in rum running , illicit alcohol , and bank robberies , hiding out in the swamp with his gang and Black . On the other side of the law is character actor and future `` Breakfast Club '' star Paul Gleason , who always gets his man . You 'd think with a setup like that that this would be an exciting movie . How wrong you would be.This film is one of the most gratuitously plodding pieces of cinema I have ever seen . Much of the film is extremely dark , and the acting varies from decent to wholly inadequate
 This forgettable entry in the gangster genre starred teen idol Fabian as John Ashley and Karen Black as his wife Laura - with an early appearance by character actor Paul Gleason -LRB- Principal Vernon fromThe Breakfast Club -RRB- - and has all the cringe-inducing affectations of 70 's cinema with none of the quirky plot or character elements to raise it at least to the level of fun cheese . As an industry term , `` Cheese '' is probably pushing the envelope , but it 's that peculiar combination of script , bad acting , goofy effects , and ridiculous style that can sometimes come together and elevate a film from the past up beyond any of its intended , intrinsic worth and into the realm of unintentional entertainment . If you are old enough to have pictures of yourself from 30-40 years ago , and have ever pulled them down and laughed over them with others , then you 'll have a pretty good understanding of what I 'm talking about . If you enjoy that sort of thing , then many of the Crown International Picture presentations gathered together onSavage Cinema
 I just bought this on Amazon used , and it has absolutly NO subtitles at all ... which is very unfortunate cause its almost like false advertisement.Since , I am a big fan of this film , I intend on keeping it , because there are soooo many copies out there of this film.The picture is a little fussy , and the sound is n't that great either ... but I got it for damn subtitles ... oh well !
 Despite how hard it is to sit through NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD after all these years -LRB- some movies just get `` old , '' same stay fresh forever , NIGHT 's superior sequel DAWN OF THE DEAD being one of the latter -RRB- , I still would have appreciated a better DVD transfer.The interactive `` trivia '' questions , what few there are , are too easy and focus on just the plot , never challenging horror fans with behind-the-scenes and production-related questions -LRB- this would have been far more interesting -RRB- . It also appears to me that the production team behind the NOTLD DVD did n't put much effort into this transfer . The credit list lacks detail , and the only biography they have is on Duane Jones -LRB- Ben -RRB- . What happened to George A. Romero?Also , the quality of the film itself is unsatisfactory , fuzzy at best . Maybe it 's because my TV does n't have that blasted S-Video configuration -LRB- but I doubt it , as other DVDs in my collection are visually stunning despite the lack of `` S-Video '' -RRB- , but this print of NOTLD did nothing to progress the quality that DVDs are suppost to bring to old classics.All in all , an unsatisfactory buy , but probably still worth your time for the original film inside .
 This 30th anniversary is probably good for a rent to compare the difference between this and the original , BUT DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING IT . This film has been wrongly tampered with and the original film is just so much better . Not only are the new scenes obviously poorly sliced in , you can tell the difference in the film and the surroundings . The new soundtrack is a mistake , the original was so much better and the new begining and ending do n't do anything new or add any flavor . Rent it . . do n't buy it
 Night of the living dead is not only a cult classic , but a great film , frightening , suspenseful , intelligent , beautiful because its cheap budget made it rely on subtle mechanisms and strong acting , but 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION has BUTCHERED that simple brilliance . The edition offers two versions of the film , neither of which are original . One is a 1998 version , mostly identical to the '68 cut , but with a new score by a composer of campy ` horror flick ' music . This may be a cheap rip-off of the success the ACCLAIMED composer , philip glass , had with re-scoring the original Dracula with bela lugosi , but the new score for Living Dead does nothing but take away from the film 's suspense and beauty.The other version is labled as the 30th Anniversary Edition , with NEW , -LRB- not original deleted -RRB- , scenes . They were filmed recenly , with new technology , so the scened do n't mesh well , and they have no bearing on the original plot.This edition is ostentatious and campy . it is a cheap effort to capitalize on an old success . The effect is a worsened film , no better than the multitudes of B movies that rushed at its heels like so many gold-diggers to a brand new mine.DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION OF NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD
 One day when I was about 13 , I bought a old VHS of Night of the Living Dead at Wal-Mart for $ 5 . I had no idea what I was buying and no idea what kind of horror I was about to witness . I made the mistake of watching the movie by myself in a dark room that night . Halfway through the movie I had the light on and was peering out the window and looking at the door to the TV room . This movie scared the heck out of me . Anything to do with Zombies would forever scare me especially when I watched the other movies by Romero and played the Resident Evil Games on Playstation . That was then and now I am 27 . I still have the VHS copy of Night of the Living Dead . I will never get rid of it because that movie still scares me to this day . Then I am looking thru the DVD movies and I come across this movie . Night of the Living Dead - 30th Anniversary Edition . My first thoughts were , Awsome ! I then sat and watched all the aspects of this DVD . I can not believe they tried to milk this movie again and all they accomplished was defiling this great horror classic . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the new score music was pretty cool , but did not belong in this movie . What they should have really done was code this movie to DVD without altering it at all . The new re-edited , re-scored , extras scene added version of this horror classic is a horror to watch . The new added scenes actually had me laughing at the bad acting . I know many of you are saying , bah ! What do you know ! Let me explain .1 . The added scenes where completly horrible and full of bad acting . Yes the scenes were added seamlessly because they remastered the movie . The preacher was a horrible Billy Zane wannabe and the zombies in the new footage could not even walk like a zombie . Another scene had a car crash where the driver hit the winshield and lost his brain , and the wife in the passenger seat and two daughters in the back of the car have no injuries and seemed to have remained in their seats and not sprawled all over the car after a head on collision with a tree . They were not even wearing seatbelts ! Many of the Zombies just walked normally , how horrible ! And they spent money to add this footage ? Total rip-off ! 2 . The added score is completely awful . This is a old movie and needed the old sounding music from the orginal . They try to add the new score everywhere in this movie ! Someplaces in the movie need to have no music ! This sets the mood and has the audience on edge . The orginal score , what they called `` library music '' , was better than the junk they added . 3 . The totally ripped and hacked the movie cuting out dead scenes that took up space . This space is needed to again keep the audience on edge and have them thinking what will happen next . So what do you get ? I hacked and cut movie where some parts are cut to add the 15 minutes of new footage . A total waste . 4 . All the extras are just a waste of time to watch . If you have to have this DVD to add to your collection , do n't say I warned you . It is horrible , horrible , horrible . You are better off finding the movie un-edited . Yes the re-mastering cleared it up , but the blurryness of the orginal added to the horror of the movie . On a final note , if it aint broke , DO N'T FIX IT !
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is indeed a terrific film but this colorized edition stinks
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled with a lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary Limited Edition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped the disc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This score is so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on the screen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutes and immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willing buyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite Entertainment DVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film on DVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorder and the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... the Anchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , I would have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast as you can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 Warning to readers
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my all-time favourite Horror films but it looks sooooooooo weak in colour , it takes every chill and thrill out of the film and makes it look like the SESAME STREET HALLOWEEN SPECIAL . Duane Jone 's face looks like expired chocolate and the zombies look like normal people . Turn your back on this one , Horror fans and see the B&W version instead .
 The following review refers to the 30th anniversary edition . I was expecting a lot from this edition , but after watching it I was very disappointed . In my opinion , the added footage does n't really add anything to the movie . If anything , it detracts from it . The new music score is also very disappointing . Loud , overbearing , and totally out of place in this film . And I wo n't even go into how terrible the acting is in the new scenes . If you have never seen night of the living dead , I definitely do n't recommend this version for your first viewing . Actually , I do n't recommend this version at all . Stick to the original .
 I 'll make this quick because people must know this before buying this horrible atrocity of a Special Edition ! The new score that has been added sounds like terrible last-minute MIDI crap and the extra scenes have no relevance or point at all as they are filmed just before it was put on the dvd -LSB- I 'm guessing ' 97 ? -RSB- . The extra ending actually has a character overcome being a zombie ? Yeah , really stupid , I know . I recently bought a plain ordinary edition of Night of the Living Dead for 10 $ or so and I recommend you just do that or get the Millenium Edition everyone is raving about . Do n't fall into the trap of buying this horrible HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE !! edition of a brilliant classic . Trust me on this .
 When I first saw the packaging for this Special Edition of Night of the Living Dead it said there was 15 minutes of new footage and a new score . Well , GREAT I thought . 15 minutes of new footage that must 've been cut out from the original release ! New score , well , that could be a good thing too!Until I opened the box to see the little booklet that revealed the ugly truth ... There are new scenes alright . New scenes made by new people TWO YEARS AGO ! The new scenes are badly acted , badly written , and badly edited . Scenes that subtract from the overall impact of the film and do nothing but taint a true horror classic . The new music is a cheesy synthesizer score that does nothing but irritate and distract throughout the film . -LRB- Cheesy synthesizer is good for other horror films , but it does NOT work well here . -RRB- I originally bought this at a store , got it home and did n't even sit through the whole thing . I zipped through various chapters to see the HORRIBLE new additions in all their glory . The next day I took it back and told them it skipped because I was so determined to get rid of it.STAY AWAY !
 This review pertains only to the `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' . I had been collecting George A. Romero 's `` Living Dead '' trilogy on DVD and had purchased this without paying enough attention . Big mistake.Night of the Living Dead has had some colossally confusing release patterns thanks to a copyright gaffe which had enabled every company under the sun to release the film and profit from it . But of the ` rogue editions ' I 've seen , nothing is worse than this one.Notice the list of personnel involved in this project
 Yes , Night of the Living Dead is an excellent , classic zombie movie , but the 30th anniversary edition is a sham with new footage , sound effects , and music haphazardly sandwiched in along with the original film . I have no problem with remaking a good movie . The 1990 remake of Night of the Living Dead was fantastic . Remakes or remasters are one thing , but adding brand new scenes to such a beloved film makes no sense . The producers of this final product -LRB- George Romero was not involved -RRB- should be ashamed of ruining a classic movie.The new footage , and when I say new , I mean new , shot 30 years after the original , has little to do with the original and really disturbs the flow . New sound effects and score are so heavy handed that they distract you from actually enjoying the movie.Please be aware that you are not buying a remastered Night of the Living Dead , but a remastered Night of the Living Dead with several new unrelated scenes , music , and sound effects . I just do n't want anybody else to get burned on this like I did .
 Putrid . It is a real shame when you see people who should be digging ditches or flipping burgers somewhere getting money to make a film . The additional scenes and new music score in this version of NOTLD made me cry . Blind , aimless talent took advantage of the copyright freedoms on this one and created what may be the worst expeirience in film histoy . Only in America can this kind of crap get through so many levels of screening and no doubt make money . I honestly think I will give up on caring about anything now that I realize I could probably vomit on celluloid and enjoy profitable returns .
 THOSE WHO ARE AFTER THE 3D VERSION TAKE NOTE : For some reason , every review for Night of the Living Dead , no matter what version of the 1968 release is all piled into one mess . Yes , all the 4 and 5 star ratings are NOT FOR THE 3D VERSION , but instead for the Millennium edition which is not 3D and a different product !! The 3D version is a total quickie conversion scam . I was using passive polarized glasses with the correct interlace settings and all it does is make the viewing screen look a bit deeper , so you are basically looking at 2D - just a bit further back ; THAT IS NOT 3D . Oh , and who ever produced this decided to super impose a few 3D gimmicks over the original 2D movie -LRB- terribly done and VERY very little of it -RRB- . So , you 're basically watching a 2D Movie with about 4 seconds of 3D that looks like it was created by a pre-teen with a laptop . I can only imagine how the anaglyph -LRB- red/cyan paper glasses -RRB- version looked . Probably even worse , plus a major headache.BUYER BEWAREStick with the classic 2D version -- the original film is a horror master piece , this so called , 3D version is a disgrace .
 This 30th Anniversary Edition takes the original Night of the Living Dead movie and throws in a new soundtrack and new scenes . As far as I was concerned , the original movie was perfect as is and this was unnecessary , however I decided to be openminded and give this edition a chance considering that the new material was written by John Russo -LRB- who co-wrote the original movie -RRB- , and has photography -LRB- and acting -RRB- by Hinzman -LRB- who also helped create the original -RRB- . I was completely let down.The new scenes include a new introduction , miscellaneous scenes of zombies marching and getting killed by rednecks , and a new epilogue . The miscellaneous scenes sometimes interfere with the flow of the movie , the makeup is less effective , and some of the new extras are terrible . They do a half decent job of editing in the new scenes , but they are still noticeable -LRB- for example , the fashions are not quite right -RRB- . The new introduction and epilogue are ridiculous.The intro merely establishes that the lead zombie -LRB- played by Hinzman -RRB- was a criminal when alive . This takes away from one of the films most effective elements
 I purchased this DVD with great anticipation . I really looked forward to new scenes -LRB- which I thought were cut from the original move , not added at a later date -RRB- . While the new scenes at the beginning helped to explain the beginning of the movie , it did n't make up for the footage cut . After viewing the entire movie , I was absolutely devastated that I had wasted my money on this assault on one of my favorite movies of all times . The new score also grated on me after about 5 minutes . I will be giving away this -LSB- DVD -RSB- as soon as possible . I appreciate the recommendations about the Elite edition - I think I 'll check that out . Thanks .
 Boy , this is a tough one . The original `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a landmark genre milestone , deserving buckets of praise . Despite pitiful actors , crude make-up effects and a budget from hell , George A. Romero really struck a nerve in 1968 . He created a classic that still to this day stands out as one of the best . A classic in no need of any additional scenes ... Therefore , I can not for the life of me explain how much I HATE this new version of the film . The 15 minutes of new footage brings absolutely nothing to the story . Only confusion and irritation . There is a new religious angle -LRB- given to us by the most hysterical and hideously overacted priest in cinematic history -RRB- , that completely ruins the quiet mood of the original . Some extra gore-scenes and shots of more modern looking ghouls have been added , replacing several well known zombie shots from the 60 's version.The soundtrack has been completely replaced by modern synthesized music , a move that finally puts the lid on the original movie , turning it into a modern day techno extravaganza with the 60 's atmosphere of a Marilyn Manson concert . The most tremendously clumsy and idiotic fault is that the sound is out of sync with the action in many scenes , which really makes you wonder who in God 's name approved the final print . The only good thing I can say about this new edition is that the picture quality has never been better . Super sharp and crystal clear , the best transfer ever.I really suffer with Mr. Romero ... His first masterpiece has been bashed by critics , truncated by censors and marketed by greedy people who ripped him off financially . It has been remade and restored with terrible results and he will forever be associated with every worthless new experiment , churned out by dollar hungry amateurs determined to bank in on his name.I sincerely hope he had nothing to do with this release . Romero is a quality-buff , adamant about the perfection of his work . He is hardly mentioned in the narration , and I 'm pretty sure he 's happy about it . Because no matter what happens , George A. Romero will always be the one and only inimitable master of the living dead.No one can ever take that away from him ...
 This is one of the worst transfers of Night of the Living Dead I have ever seen . It looks to me like this was an old 16mm educational print that was `` reamastered '' -LRB- read re-transferred -RRB- to DVD to avoid copyright violation of re-releasing someone else 's videomaster . For those who do n't know , NOLTD is in public domain and these pirates are releasing the film without compensating the filmmakers for their hard work . If you want to see an excellent transfer with great extras that has been approved by the filmmakers , check out the Millennium Edition from Anchor Bay .
 I 've been putting off watching this version of NOTLD for quite some time ... every review I 'd read about it warned me away from wasting my time and money on the 30th Anniversary edition , but finally curiosity got the best of me , and I rented it tonight . While it 's not as terrible as most reviewers would have one believe , it definitely could have been done better . The idea itself had a lot of potential , but this potential is never realized . I can see four main problems with this version.First of all , the new scenes stick out like a sore thumb ... as well-filmed as most of them are , and as much as some of the new scenes truly do serve the story -LRB- the scene of the family killed in the car crash coming back to life is as disturbing as any zombie scene from the original -RRB- , they look far too `` clean '' to be grafted into the original 1968 version . Surely there 's some way to `` age '' this footage to make it look just as grainy as the original footage ... even the near-pristine Millennium Edition released by Elite is n't quite as clean as the new scenes . There should have been some attempt to keep some consistency between the orignal footage and the added scenes , even if it was at the expense of the picture quality of the new footage.Second , there 's the music . Scott Vladimir Licina has composed a new score for the film that would sound right at home on a Midnight Syndicate album ... but as much as I like that style of music , it has no place in a film that is as established a horror classic as NOTLD . Here and there , the score of the original version , which was not composed specifically for the film but expertly pieced together from the Capitol Records Hi-Q Library , peeks through for a few minutes , but then is overtaken by Licina 's modern synth-heavy score . Just as with the new film footage , there is a big problem with consistency here . The film should have either been completely re-scored with Licina 's modern music , leaving out all of the original soundtrack -LRB- not an option I 'm fond of , but an option nonetheless -RRB- , or the original score should have been kept intact , possibly supplemented by compatible musical themes from the Capitol Records library or whatever its equivalent would be today.Third , there 's the issue of Bill Hinzman 's character ... as awesome as his original graveyard zombie was , there was no need to `` resurrect '' him for the new footage . One could honestly mistake the zombie in the new footage as having been played by a different actor ... the new scenes show him with a far pastier , paler complexion than his 1968 performance , and his hair is n't even consistent -LRB- but then , if you look closely in the original version , his hair is average-length in the cemetery scenes and is then in a crew-cut in the attack at the end of the film , so maybe this aspect is excusable , albeit in a tongue-in-cheek fashion -RRB- . This could have been worked around by simply not showing his face in the new footage ... done properly , the audience would still be able to make the connection.Finally , the ending was completely uncalled for ... the radiation explanation suggested -LRB- but never completely established -RRB- by the original was more than adequate . The `` One Year Later '' nonsense forces us to sit through more apocalyptic ramblings by Licina 's annoying priest character , who had already worn out his welcome by the time Hinzman 's zombie puts the bite on him . It also is a bit confusing , since at the very end we jump back in time to the bonfire and the gritty stills showing Ben 's final moments.In the bonus features , I saw John Russo , Russ Streiner , Bill Hinzman , and even Karl `` Harry Cooper '' Hardman participating in the filming of the new footage , but the one person from the original NOTLD crew who could have possibly pulled this off was nowhere to be found . George Romero had nothing to do with this production ... he likely knew better than to try improving on his original masterpiece . In any case , while I may come back to view this version now and then just for something different , it in no way supplants the original version , no more than Dean Lachiusa 's downright disrespectful `` Survivor 's Cut '' does -LRB- but we 'll save that for another review -RRB- . It 's an intriguing aside , but the real collector 's item is and always will be Elite 's Millennium Edition .
 This is a majorly disappointing dvd . The transfer is poor ; with the image cropped slightly and white tones that are too grey -LRB- leading many to think the movie is murkier than it is -RRB- . These complaints are pretty much moot when you consider the real failure of this dvd . THE ORIGINAL FILM IS NOT ON IT.This disc includes two different versions of the film but NEITHER are the original . The new extended cut was made without George Romero 's involvement ... actually lets not even debate that . The fact of the matter is the new cut is really poor . The new opening for the film is frustrating , and all the footage that has been added of the preacher is tedious and annoying.Many people have thought that the other version on the disc is the original , and i will admit i made that mistake . It is not . It is a version of the movie `` trimmed '' by the producers to make it move a little faster . If you can live with this edit , thats cool . I want the original film.Let 's also mention the second disc including the score . I 've rarely heard a more inappropriate theme for a movie like this -LRB- it is not the original soundtrack -RRB- . I once bought a dollar store version of cabinet of dr. caligari that had loops of circus music put under it . I feel similarly raped by this.The only good thing is that this is a limited edition , which will hopefully keep it out of the hands of most people.Personally , i recommend the Elite Entertainment millenium edition , which was made with Romero 's involvement .
 The only reason I have given this a single star , is because I could not post this comment with NO stars , but it deserves none.Quick , do yourself and true film fans a favour , GO FIND THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM , AND BUY THAT!THAT version IS the definitive DVD version of the original classic.Clean images , clean audio , great supplements and commentary.THIS version?Well , let me put it this way.You will appreciate the 30th Anniversary Edition of NOTLD only if you think it 's okay for the guy who built the frame for the Mona Lisa to repaint it with lousy colors.Or if you think the guy who delivered the blank tapes to Capitol and Apple should legally be able to recut and remix all of the Beatles tunes.This DVD is a travesty.John Russo has no talent to make a NEW film -LRB- a quick glance at Children of the Dead will bear this out -RRB- , so he continues to ride the wave of the original NOTLD 's classic status to give himself permission to destroy the very elements which made it a classic in the first place.To remove 17 minutes of original footage is enough of a crime.To replace those scenes with 18 minutes of amateurish , poorly acted and poorly conceived ` new scenes ' is the bottom of the barrel stupidity.Add Scott ` Anton LeVay-as-Preacher ' Licina 's horrible acting and derivative , irritating and ineffective score , and you 've got a recipe for a lousy DVD.Is the picture good ? Yes , but since this is NOT the original film , it 's hard to praise the technical merits of this DVD.It saddens me to think there are people who did NOT see the original NOTLD before this dismal failure was released , and may think THIS is the definitive version.It is most assuredly not.Even if you ca n't find the Millenium Edition ... even the grainy , cheap public domain $ 5 DVD 's at discount video stores are better , if only because they are showing the REAL original film.This one is a crime .
 What the hell is this ? How the hell could this inspire anything ? This is crap.Romero begins his `` dead trilogy '' with this piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap.It all starts with a trip to the cemetery . This is where Romero shows just how terrible the actors are . Our main female character , Barbara , is a pathetic woman who 's brother is too childish . He says , `` They 're coming to get you Barbara . They coming for you . '' What was Romero thinking when he came up with this?The whole movie takes place in some tiny house in the middle of an empty field . Inside this house , a dead woman . During the movie , about twenty zombies -LRB- who do n't go to the mall -RRB- wait outside . Why do n't they go inside and attack the people ? Because the lead male character throws a burning chair outside . This scares the zombies -LRB- for some reason -RRB- and keeps them away from the house.Now the acting in this movie is not too bad . Just kidding . It 's terrible . Especially the females . I know there were better women actors out back in the sixties . Barbara tries to recreate the `` tragedy '' the occurs at the beginning . When she says , `` He grabbed me . '' She actually starts grabbing herself . Then she says , `` He grabbed out my clothes . '' She actually starts grabbing her clothes and pulling on them . It 's ridiculous.Romero decides to have a pathetic scene where the characters try to gas-up the truck . This is where Romero shows off his terrible writing by having the zombies fear fire . Zombies do n't attack the people because of the fire . Ridiculous.The worst part about all this is that it fails to be funny . I know Romero was trying to be funny , but he failed miserably . The jokes are terrible . The actors he hired were not meant to be in comedies . Every time they told the audience a joke , it just came out as stupid lines of dialogue.This crack-head had no idea how to film a movie , and he still does n't . Let 's all wait for his fourth peice of crap that he pulls out of his a $ $ and molds into a film , just so we can laugh at it.Oh , by the way . I recall someone saying that Romero has an original idea going on with his fourth film . Last I checked , he had a vehicle in it called the `` Dead Reckoning '' . It was a bunch of armored busses . Sounds like a recent zombie movie . Does n't it ? Then idiots will try to tell you that Romero wrote the script first , so he did n't take anything . That 's wrong . The original script for the remake of Dawn was written in 1999 . Romero did n't write his script for his fourth dead film until 2001 . Seems to me that they have been trying to get the remake of Dawn made longer than the time Romero 's been trying to get his fourth film made.The most disgusting thing of all is that people in the sixties `` flocked like birds to this stink bomb . '' -- Matt Perri . He 's one of those people that say that nobody can compare `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' to zombie movies , but anybody can compare zombie movies to `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' . Yes , that was a qoute from the remake of Dawn , but I wanted to give him credit because he said it first . Yep , he does comapre `` Dawn 2004 '' to `` Days '' , even though he has said you ca n't compare them . He does it anyway.Can you believe . You Romero fans are e-mailing me . You do n't see me e-mailing anybody . Even if they call a movie a like the dumbest thing ever made.OH , and all you people that say the original `` Dawn '' is good because it is about `` consumerism '' . Does that mean if I do a 2 hour movie about a leaf growing on a tree , then following to the ground , it should become a `` classic '' . Right ? That what you guys are saying with the original `` Dawn '' . It was about `` consumerism '' , it was stupid . I got into an argument at school with my Spanish teacher who used to work at a video rental . We were talking about the original `` Dawn '' and the remake -LRB- this was during class . Everyone in the room was listening -RRB- . All he would ever go back to was the fact that it was about `` consumerism '' . That 's it . Whenever I got him , he would say the original was about `` consumerism '' , and the remake was not . This means , to me , that if one were to do a movie and make a metaphor out of it , then one would get lots of money . That 's what Romero fans did with Romero 's films . He made a metaphor , and you liked . That does n't take away the fact that his movies are boring , cheesy , stupid , pathetic , idiotic pieces of crap he pulled out of his as * and molded into a film . I make a movie about a leaf falling to the ground . First we watch it grow for two hours , then it falls . No acting , no script , No CGI , no visuals , nothing , but i 'm making a metaphor . I 'm saying that we are all leaves growing on a tree until our time is up , then we fall on the ground . It should be a classic . Right ? That 's what Romero fans did with the crappy `` dead trilogy '' . Hey , they call it a `` dead trilogy '' for a reason . It 's dead . Let it go . Romero sucks.E-mailing people you do n't know . Is that what Romero fans like to do to pass the time ?
 The MOVIE is 5 stars.This DVD is 1 star.This is the re-edited version of the original classic . If you want the original classic them go elsewhere . If you want to see a new `` version '' - not a remastered version ! - but a new `` version '' with new soundtrack , editing and scenes then this may be for you . If you want the original classic then go elsewhere to look for it!You have be warned .
 Why is n't anyone reviewing the Blu-Ray `` Night of the Living Dead '' I 've gone through all newest reviews not one talks about the new Blu-Ray copy . Why ??
 Made with a $ 5 budget and 5 cent actors . The script was wanting for a script . The director appeared to make up the flow of the plot as the story fumbled along .
 Some years back , a colorized version of `` NOTLD '' appeared on TV ; the stark black and white zombies of one of my favorite independent films suddenly became green.Yes , green.I did n't watch more than ten minutes of that version , and I should 've stopped at about the same minute count with this `` 30th Anniversary '' version.The added prologue , epilogue and additional scenes -LRB- which were n't cut from the original film , but recently filmed for inclusion here -RRB- not only fail to make any significant contribution to `` NOTLD , '' they actually DETRACT from it.For instance , why would you want to mute one of the most chilling openings in film history ? I 'm referring , of course , to the opening scene where the main undead character slowly ambles up to the bickering brother and sister , eventually killing the brother.That scene , however , no longer opens the movie . Now , we get a couple of country bumpkins going off to bury a corpse.The new material is warped not only by poor writing -- the additional material serves NO PURPOSE to the story -- but abysmal acting.Despite its budgetary constraints , the original `` NOTLD '' had some decent acting . Duane Jones in particular does a terrific job . This new version contains some performances so terrible as to incite its own form of terror
 I picked up NotLD in the `` Hollywood Classics '' packaging , and I just have to say it is the WORST quality presentation of this movie I 've ever seen . Granted the original is n't crystal clear , either , but this version is jumpy and rife with static . I returned it for an extra copy , and had the same problem . Perhaps `` Hollywood Classics '' uses cheap equipment , or perhaps the masters they have are on their last leg , who knows ? I would , personally , recommend you seek out one of the better versions .
 This is a terrible edition of a classic horror film . Go with the Elite DVD . This one is awful . : -LRB-
 I LOVE ZOMBIE FILMS , BUT THIS 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION IS AWFUL . IN ALL OF FILM HISTORY , THE BALD HEADED PREACHER TAKES THE CAKE AS THE MOST ANNOYING ACTOR I HAVE EVER SEEN . WATCH THE ORIGINAL BUT LEAVE THIS SAD PIECE OF WORK IN THE BASEMENT . NUFF SAID .
 Thanks to the many reviews of the 30th anniversary edition of this classic film I 've decided to ignore it completely and order the collectors edition released a few years back -LRB- on DVD that is , I 've owned several copies on VHS -RRB- . This is a classic.Anyone who is into horror films should own this ,
 Any idiot who gives this pile of monkey spunk more than a star desrves to have paid for it . This 30th Anniversary DVD is the worst thing I have ever seen . I only wished I 'd payed attention to the net buzz before I paid for the thing ...
 You guys were right ! A friend of mine bought this new version and it is laughable . All they did was screw up a movie that was already as near a perfect classic as you can get . To anyone thinking of buying this DVD - SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Buy the limited release Halloween instead . With an improved picture and remastered THX sound , it 's how a rerelease sound be done .
 Like every other unofficial Blu-ray release of Night , Forgotten Films product is thoroughly plagued with cropping , insofar as canceling out roughly 20 % of picture of each frame . If you want proof , visit DVDBeaver.com and see the substantial difference between F.F. 's release and Elite 's . Still , the Millennium DVD is the way to go . Yes , the picture might not be Blu-ray quality , but at least you 're getting the full picture.SOMEONE , PLEASE GIVE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD A DECENT BLU-RAY RELEASE , FOR F * ! K SAKE !!!
 I 've been looking for a BD release of this to complete the series and jumped at the chance even at the price.Put it in the player only to be met with a message of ` Disc can not be played because the player setup specifies a different region code ' . Nowhere in the listing did it say what region this was for.Same way I got screwed on the 3d releases of RE : Afterlife and Saw 3d - Amazon never mentioned in the listing that it was n't 3d on a blu-ray until after they shipped the listing suddenly now links to ` how Blu-Ray 3D works ` I 'd expect this if I 'd ordered from the UK site which I have done for items I ca n't find in the states , but why would you sell an item that is n't usable to 99 % of the public ?
 All I got to say is that this edition was completely butchered . It was good for them to have the old edition on the same disc , but the new edition was very unnecessary . Why add `` new '' material to that that was already classic ? That 's like putting in a new chariot race in Ben-Hur . The images look great , there is no fuzziness on this disc at all -LRB- the main reason why I give this two stars -RRB- . If you want to see a new edition of this movie , this is for you ; but if you want to see the original in its entirety , avoid it .
 This is THE biggest waste of money I have ever encountered . I had n't seen the film since I was a kid , so I bought it hoping to see a re-enactment of my childhood memories , and it seemed that this was n't the way I had remembered the film.So to compensate , I took a chance and bought the Elite Entertainment THX Millennium Edition of `` Night Of The Living Dead '' to see the way this classic was supposed to be.Well , to say the least I snapped this `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' in half and burnt the rest of the material in protest . In short , THIS ANCHOR BAY EDITION IS THE MOST HORRIBLE PRESENTATION OF THIS CLASSIC . YOU MUST AVOID !
 I am commenting on the 30th Ed only not the film as it was made orginally ; -LRB- which gets 5 stars for being a perfect example of a horror movie -RRB- . This version of easily a classic film is dreadful . I do n't just mean ` Anne Nicole Smith ' dreadful but more ` Pauly Shore ' dreadful.What u get here is an extra 15 min of footage added to an already perfect film and 15 min of orginal footage taken out . Quite simply , the new footage is by far the worst slice of acting , ego and obession with a product that needed none of it.First of all John Russo is a hack that had to have his work polished by George A Romero back in 1968 to even make it a worthwhile film . Johns claim to fame on this movie is that he came up with the idea that the zombies would eat flesh . Based on that he has arranged with fellow delusional buddy 's to add more dimension to the story.He aint done this.What he has done is make new footage based around the graveyard zombie from the orginal and added the worst acting priest in the world . These scenes make a mockary of the entire film and i pledge people new to this film to watch the original as it should be seen.I have no issues with getting another addition of the movie so that the picture and sound are better , -LRB- personally the old grain effect added to the movie , but seeing it crystal clear was great -RRB- . But do not by this addition.It really does n't add to the film but clearly subtracts from the overall movie . I did enjoy the more extensive scenes with the zombies from the diner and the car wreak but that was it.Oh actually the music was ok but those new scenes are just that bad . It gets one star because the original is a classic and well worth multiple views , this is worth dumping in the nearest bin.DO NOT PURCHASE AND DO NOT SUPPORT THIS DVD ...
 Every single moment of new footage and new scoring is a raging miscalculation . You 're left bewildered , scratching your head , wondering how good-intentioned people could screw up so comprehensively . Get the great Elite edition instead .
 The DVD you will receive in the mail is not the one pictured . This has been my most disappointing Amazon purchase yet . The DVD itself looks as though it was made by a 16-year old in his basement with a laptop . Also , my copy was defective . When I reached the fifth chapter of the film , it just stops . Stay away from this version of the film .
 Save your money , and avoid this DVD like the plague . It 's another snake-oil-salesman attempt at cheating you out of your money . This 1968 version of Night of the Living Dead was NOT shot in 3-D . This is 2-D to 3-D conversion of this 2-D movie , and probably the WORST conversion I 've ever seen . I bought this DVD and watched the 3-D , hoping for fun . But , it is mostly flat 2-D that has just been pushed a couple inches straight back -- there 's no 3-D form to anything . It 's completely bogus.This movie is classic black & white horror and well worth watching , without the extra eye strain of fake 3-D . Buy a normal DVD version.The original version of this movie is a classic , and you can find it on DVD -LRB- ASIN
 I notice some reviews below that refer to buying the Elite Entertainment DVD of Night Of The Living Dead . They 're absolutely right ! Their 5 star rating they 're giving is not for THIS DVD ! I do n't want to see people confusing this DVD for Elite 's DVD and making the mistake of buying this one . You will be cheated into getting a worthless piece of garbage that George Romero had absolutely NO involvement with . It 's just an excuse to give the filmakers an ego trip and get their families involved in something they missed the first time around . That , and greed , pure and simple.If you really must see this edition -LRB- if only for comparing it to the original -RRB- RENT it . You might get a laugh out of the 15 minutes worth of new footage of actors you do n't really care about , apart from the cemetery zombie , looking 30 years older and 30 pounds heavier , which does n't do anything to add to the story . But mostly what you 'll get is disgusted , especially with how much of the original movie they remove . The new `` score '' by Scott Vladimir Lucina does n't hold a candle to the library music which was used in the original version . There is also an audio commentary with the filmakers applauding their efforts and saying how seamless the new footage is incorporated into the movie . This is far from the truth and they know it , judging from the joking around and the frequent gaps of silence.The `` 98 '' edition is equally appalling . It 's the original edit of NOTLD , but also the new `` score '' is here in all its ' glory . If Anchor Bay would 've used the library score on another track there would be less disatisfied viewers -LRB- well , I would be , for one -RRB- . And , contrary to the reviewer below me , there is NO , repeat NO deleted scenes added to this version . In fact , it runs about 50 seconds shorter than Elite Entertainment 's version . Go figure.Oh yeah , the DVD suppliments . A useless theatrical trailer , a behind the scenes featurette that 's more boring than your neighbor 's home video -LRB- which essentially this is -RRB- , an appalling clip from Flesh Eater , an annoying Dance Of The Dead video that is unintentionally hilarious , and a still gallery accompanied by Lucina 's music . Whoop-de-dooo . There is also a `` 32-page , 4-color collector 's booklet '' about the making of this edition but precious little about making the original.The one positive thing I can say is that the video quality is very good , but no more than Elite Entertainment 's DVD which is hands down the one to buy . Anchor Bay 's is the one to burn.Please note that I did n't mention Scott Vladimir Lucina 's acting ability .
 Missing dialog !!! No kidding . If you want to be stunned by the fact that miscellaneous , important dialog -LRB- 28 seconds worth -RRB- is actually missing buy this . It is actually quite a joke . I can not belive that this is even available . Check out -LRB- regular http address prefix , then -RRB- film.thedigitalfix.com/content/id/71678/night-of-the-living-dead.htmlfor some of the missing dialog -LRB- scroll down -RRB- as well as a fair comparison of this Blu Ray with Optimum 's version.This disc should be pulled from distribution . Buyer beware!I wish I could give it less than one star ...
 was to buy this edition . Run away . Turn back , before it 's too late . This piece of crap deserves NO STARS but that is not an option . The only postive thing I can say is that the video transfer of the original is nice ... not great but nice . The new stuff is unwatchable . Just say boo !
 do not purchase this version of notld unless all other versions are phased out . horrible film transfer , with lots of missing film and dialogue.you 're better off taping it on a & e w/the commercials cut out .
 The item was not able to play because the blue ray was for a different zone , more likely another country , I would not purchase an item not playable in the united states . I am totally disappointed in amazon and will think twice before I purchase anything from here again .
 Creepy little movie yet poor taste , Gore is n't as bad as the next in the installments , Would n't define as Classic Horror but Classic Shock .
 I was raised on horror movies , and Romero 's `` Dead '' trilogy in particular . Naturally , when I got a DVD player , this was one of the first films that I wanted . Thankfully , I took this edition out of the library rather than purchasing it , because I would have kicked myself forever for buying it . My advice ? Go for another edition with more extras , or buy the VHS version . It 's not worth the money . I only gave this one star because the computer kicked it back without a rating .
 Really , NOTLD was a great movie , you can not improve upon greatness , so do n't try . I know John Russo worked on the screenplay to the first NOTLD , but he should have left it alone . All the talent must have been from the great George A. Romero . John Russo should stick to skin filcks like his Santa Calws and Scream Queen 's Naked Christmas where nobody cares about a story line . Leave the classics to someone who knows what they are doing !
 Black and White made the atmosphere of this Romero classic perfect . Even on some levels , the Black and White helped in the racial undertones that you feel in the movie where the black man is the hero for the scared white people in the farmhouse . But colorized?The effects work in B&W. ; In color they 'll just look campy.This was a bad marketing idea .
 I have no idea how this film ever made it to cult status . I thought it might have been taken as a `` turkey '' - an unintentional comedy because of its dismal production values , 8 mm film quality , and 20 $ reel to reel tape recorder audio standards . No ! There are people who actually find this frightening . I want their names so that I wo n't have them around me during a real crisis - they would probably fall apart . I do n't get this film . A group of ugly actors stumble around trying to act like zombies . Occasionally , they eat meat - pretending it is human flesh . It is n't scary . It is simply a low budget , drive in movie that might have filled the third slot of a late night triple feature . The story could be told in 30 seconds . Horribly bad . And I do n't mean so bad that it is campy and funny . Just horribly bad .
 Like the title says , I did n't find anything great about this movie , it was boring , dull and so weak that I fell asleep watching it.And no , I saw this long before I saw Resident Evil , which I found more entertaning then this .
 Jesus Christ George ! How many times are you going to re-re-re-re-release this movie ? Their are as many versions of this movie floating around as their are Friday the 13th episodes . Quadruple dipping must be a George thing .
 I would n't waste my time on this one , do n't get confused like me - the one we 're all looking for says `` 40th Anniversary Edition '' and `` 2 Disc Set '' or `` No B.S. '' in the title and description . That 's the original movie released to celebrate the 40th Anniversary .
 Well , i 've always been a fan of zombie movies , especially Dawn of the dead which i own about two copies of it on DVD.I also saw Day of dead which was ` nt as good as dawn but was an ok movie . I 've never seen Night of the Living dead before last night , although i did hear about it alot and that it is one of the best zombie movies as well as being a landmark of horror movies.I was excited to see it , so i bought the DVD and just last night i watched it , and to my surprise i found Night quit dissapointing , it had poor acting , poor editing , poor music , and poor directing in addition of not being scary at all.So i felt really bad and dissapointed for wasting money on this crap and for wasting my time on such an over-rated movie that has no potential of being anything other than a dead classic that should be left to its own time .
 This has to be the worst movie ever made . It was incredibly violent and led to many of today 's gory movies . There is also a brief -LRB- but not graphic -RRB- scene of nudity , and plenty of profanity . If you like zombie movies get these instead.White Zombie -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Revolt of the Zombies -LRB- 1936 -RRB- King of the Zombies -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Plan 9 from Outer Space -LRB- 1958 -RRB- Invisible Invaders -LRB- 1959 -RRB- The Last Man on Earth -LRB- 1963 -RRB- They Came from Beyond Space -LRB- 1967 -RRB- Shock Waves -LRB- 1976 -RRB-
 Another terrible movie from that terrible Director George A. Romero . This time , there are only about twenty zombies waiting outside.The zombies in this look better than those in Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- but are still very boring and unrealistic . Like i 've said before , zombies would n't be able to move without certain orgains opertating properly in their bodies . Another thing I have just discovered is the fact that if the heart and lungs were operating and moving the body , then the rest of the organs in the body would be recieving blood , so they would be operating too . Meaning the body would be alive . ALIVE !!!! The story is terrible . A group of people seek shelter in some house and , for some reason , are afraid to leave . There are about 15-20 zombies waiting outside . Why do n't they just brake in the house ? Because the man sets a chair on fire and throws it outside . Wait a minute . Why are they afraid of fire ? They 're dead . They do n't know what fire is and they do n't get hurt by the flames . Why does it scare them so ? Romero never answered that question . It sounds to me like Romero just needed an answer.Another question not answered . Why are zombies walking around the earth ? They put out the idea of radiation from Venus , but never confirmed it . In Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- they said that there was a possibility of a viral outbreak . So , they still have n't found the answer . I wonder when Romero will tell the answer . If Romero does n't need to answer the question , why does James Gunn 's and Zack Snyder 's obviousley superior version of Dawn need an explanation . They set out the idea of a virus , just like the original Dawn . Who knows ? It sounds to me like the people are just trying find away to make an argument between which version of Dawn was better . The answer to that is obvious . The new Dawn.The acting is terrible . I know it was low-budget , but you could get better women performances from the lady serving you at the resteraunt . The women in the movie were just terrible . The men were good , but the women were terrible . I could n't stand them.This is a comedy that was poorly done . It was n't very funny and ... What ? It 's not a comedy ? It looked like a comedy . It was n't scary , or entertaining as a matter of fact . I thought they were trying to be funny . The way the zombies acted , the acting , the lines , the pathetic attempt to gas up the truck . I thought this was supposed to be a comedy.This is a terrible movie and a terrible DVD . I think it 's about time George Romero died . He 's just not a good director.Thank god they fired him from Resident Evil . I ca n't stand thinking of the name . George A. Romero 's Resident Evil . It 's the George A. Romero 's part that I do n't like . Paul Anderson did a better job than Romero would have ever done .
 The original Night of the Living Dead is still a horror masterpeice , and it is presented it wonderful , clear DVD format in this version . The soundtrack was partially remastered , and rather badly . The synth score totally rapes any kind of ancient and spooky atmosphere the original gave.Now , as for the 30th Aniversary Cut . I 'm sure since the release of this horrificly stupid edit that the dead have risen more often just to shatter copies of this edit . Theres 15 minutes of added footage that is absolutely appalingly unnessessary , stupid , trite , badly acted and totally out of place . The music is even WORSE than the original since the score has a drum loop through it , making it sound like a 14 year old 's Yanni nightmare.The score was composed by the man who plays the priest in the extra footage ... Personally , I 'd 've liked to have taken a bite out of his face for his insipid , uninspiring and lame score.This edition also comes with a Music Score DVD that makes me twitch it 's so ... damned ... bad . The last track is original title redo -LRB- from the 1998 cut of the film for DVD -RRB- but the one before that is the worst peice of `` techno '' you could possibly hear . It loops tiny dialouge tracks into a very , very bad dance loop and it makes me want to tie small woodland animals to the back of my car and drag them for several miles , if it would only make this re-mastered score go away .
 Ok look i will get right to the point this movie is a disgrace to night of the living dead , the added scenes -LRB- which include some hick preacher , with the worst fake accent i have ever seen !!! -RRB- totally ruin this movie . Not to mention they added a new ending , which i do not understand , because there was nothing wrong with the old one to begin with . Look if you are a big fan of Romeros movies chances are you are curious to what this movie is all about , But I am warning you chances are this movie will ruin the Night of the living dead for you . -LRB- I gave this movie 1 star only because it was the lowest rating i could give it -RRB-
 How do you improve perfection ? Answer is , you do n't . This film is the most impure accident since Star Wars Ep . 1 . I am a tremendous fan of the NOTLD series , and this 30th anniversary edition is nothing more then an un-efforted attempt on making money at the expense of a once-great film . I love the inside cover with the film makers praising their job well done . `` Oh we think the fans we be very pleased ... everything is seemless ... we 've improved upon the movie ... '' Crikey ...
 Forget about this product . Does not include the glasses needed to view . No mention in the box or product descript on where to purchase the correct glasses . no mention on the product description on Amazon that the glasses were not included .
 What happened ? Night of the living dead is one of the all time classics of horror.This limited edition of only 15000 -LRB- thank god -RRB- is terrible . Terrible soundtrack , terrible making of featurrette , terrible new scenes , etc.Oh and that score for the original come on what are they thinking . No wonder these where the people who brought you Santa Claws.The only good thing to come out of this was that unbelievable crystal clear quality of the original . Given that quality , a score approved by director romero , and commentary with romero youve got a winner . Fortunately , one already exists.Dont waste your time on this one .
 First off , I absolutely LOVE Night Of The Living Dead ! It is a classic . Unfortunately , I just had the bad luck of seeing the 30th Anniversary Edition of Night Of The Living Dead on Cinemax and was completely appalled at ... this classic film -LSB- edition -RSB- . Fortunately , all I wasted was a few minutes ... I honestly had to check the TV guide to make sure I was on the right channel ... The second thing that shook me was ... -LSB- the -RSB- music score that completely detracted from the eerie feeling that the original film so brilliantly conveyed . I will be honest ; I could n't even sit through this ... I am just glad to see that I am not alone in my ... -LSB- disappointment -RSB- ...
 GOOD GOD ! This is butchery ! The added scenes were terrible ! The music was absolutley asstacular ! Why ? Whyyyyyy ? The only reason that I gave this movie a two was because it still contains some of the classic film . I 'm suprised that the genius who thought up the idea to add those horrible scenes did n't just ditch the whole movie and just remake it starring that damn preacher .
 Dear lord , what has that old fool John Russo done ? Mr. `` I Co-wrote ` Night of the Living Dead , ' So How Come I 'm Not Famous ? '' managed to convince the other original backers of the film to do this 30th Anniversary edition -LRB- a year late , by the way , for the actual 30th anniversary of the movie ! -RRB- , found some old B&W film stock , and has shot 20 minutes of new footage that makes no sense and detracts from the film 's pacing . Worse yet , he 's CUT 15 minutes of footage that adds character and depth to the film , plus he 's added an awful , uninspired pop-rock soundtrack by the ludicrous Scott Vladimir Licina . Licina and Z-movie strumpette Debbie Rochon -LRB- Troma 's `` Tromeo & Juliet '' -RRB- are featured in an epilogue that is more embarrassing than enlightening . See what George Lucas started ? At least George Romero was smart enough to wash his hands of this entire sorry mess .
 Night of the Living Dead is a classic horror film , this is just awful . 15 minutes of useless , badly done , amaturish footage has been added and to compensate , they REMOVE character driven dialogue pieces . The special features do n't make up for it either , an annoyingly pointless music video , a inane documentary and commentary from John A. Russo , the man responsable for this tragedy . If you need to own NOTLD on DVD , go buy the far superior version that was released a few years back that has not been so horribly violated . Please , do n't even buy it out of curiosity ... even if it 's on sale for a buck ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 This 30th anniversary version of NOTLD is a grotesque and venal deconstruction . Here is one of the few truly great horror films ever made ; yet John Russo & co. thought it needed improving . So they cut out some of the `` slow '' scenes and inserted several new ones . The result is an unqualified disaster . These new segments -- talky , poorly shot , and poorly acted -- subvert all the carefully built-up rhythms of the original . And speaking of rhythms
 I am a filmmaker and fan of NOTLD . I have never been so offended by a `` special edition '' of a film in all my life . The new scenes are poorly acted and edited , the new score is a laughable MIDI nightmare of its own , and the sound mix has been worsened by bad sync and poorer sound effects quality than the original back in 1968 . To those who willingly particpated in this travesty - shame on all of you .
 You 'd be much better off buying Madacy Entertainment 's poor-quality , budget-minded version . At least that version maintains the integrity ofGeorge Romero 's vision . Anchor Bay 's so-called `` expanded and enhanced '' version consists of 15 minutes of the most horrible acting in the history of American cinema . The new `` score '' does n't score at all . Worse yet -LRB- and that 's saying a lot -RRB- , the DD 5.1 soundtrack relies too much on the center-channel giving the new dialogue -LRB- HA ! -RRB- an unrealistic `` tinniness '' . The transfer quality shows signs of neglect near the bottom of the screen in certain sequences . Buyer beware
 The film begins on a country road . A couple stop at a cemetery to place a wreath on a grave . Barbara kneels in prayer . Thunder crashes . Suddenly Johnny is attacked by a stranger ! The stranger chases Barbara until she takes refuge in the house . What is happening ? Where are these monsters coming from ? The monsters are afraid of fire . Can they barricade the house ? The dialogue tells about what is happening . A radio station tells about the mass murders by ordinary looking people . Everyone must stay home and lock their doors ! They have food , a radio , a rifle and bullets . Will they be safe?The survivors argue about the safest place in the house . TV brings the latest word - those who died recently are coming back to life and devouring live humans ! Is there a solution to this problem ? Dead bodies must be burned immediately . They have a plan to escape . But things do n't work according to plan . Daylight brings the police and militia to shoot the zombies . There is an ironic ending to this story.This was a surprise hit in March 1968 . It resonated with the fear of strange forces attacking America . Do the zombies symbolize a nuclear attack ? What makes these films popular with audiences ?
 The original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is a true classic . This is John Russo 's incredibly lame attempt to milk more more from the project that he was clearly the weak link in . George Romero has told Russo that he will not badmouth this version because they are friends , so Romero remains silent on the issue . I think that says it all .
 If you 're looking for a definitive version of this classic , AVOID THIS VERSION ! I can not begin to express my disgust and contempt for Executive Producer Joseph Wolf , the studio , and all involved for adding amateurish ` new footage ' and a new score to one of the most terrifying films of all time . This is now worse than the worst of the Sci-Fi Channel ; it 's not even good enough for public access . What an abomination.I can not believe that these hacks thought they had the right to exhume the best parts of this film and tack cheesy embellishments upon it ; it 's like putting salt on an ice cream sundae . I hope the dead do arise and attack John A. Russo and Joseph Wolf - but then again , I would n't want them living on.I implore ANYONE interested in obtaining the ` definite ' version of this film on DVD to wait - hopefully Criterion will release a worthwhile version , as they did with `` Carnival of Souls '' . I 've heard the Elite Entertainment version is closer to the original ; all I know is , I 'm returning this ASAP . What a disappointment .
 I know this DVD sounds great from the description -LRB- added scenes , restored , 2 disc set etc. -RRB- but be warned , it 's not the real thing . For a start the 15 minutes of added footage is NEWLY FILMED and awful . Not only that , it suffers from really bad lip-sync problems that make it practically unwatchable . Plus some original scenes have actually been removed . The other disc contains the un-butchered original but unfortunately has a new music score . Call me old fashioned , but I prefer the scratchy , corny original . Surely a Special Limited Edition should include the untouched original version ? ... If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer . This is TERRIBLE . Being a fan of the genre I was ecstatic to see a special edition version of NOTLD . Little did I know that the so called `` never before seen footage '' would consist of below b-movie acting writing and direction , as well as a dead ringer for Anton LaVey posing as a priest . The same Anton LaVey lookalike who is responible for BUTCHERING the original score . The bonus soundtrack cd is n't even the original spooky score ! It 's the worst kind of MIDIfied noodling with no emotion behind it whatsover . Stay far away from this . Far , far away .
 When the 30th Anniversary Edition came out , I bought it on VHS as I was curious to see what they termed as `` new footage . '' What I got was a horrible mess that butchered the original film , removed the original music for a terrible synthesizer score and added pointless footage that makes the viewer want to grind his teeth down to the gums . One of the additions is a new character
 Kudos to Anchor Bay for remastering the original footage -LRB- which is even sharper and clearer than Elite 's version -RRB- but the lousy new synth score and stupid , pointless , badly acted new scenes are a case lesson in how you can take a classic and turn it into a turd.And John Russo , the talentless co-writer of the original NIGHT and the director of the new scenes for this new NIGHT , says , `` This is what we wanted to do originally . `` If that 's so , I imagine the conversation between Russo and George Romero in 1968 during the production went like this : John Russo
 I have had some pretty awful experiences in my life . As well as quite a few wonderful ones . The worst , I always thought , would be having to stand in the room while the authorities pulled the melted jewelrey from my mother 's burnt corpse . That was a bad experience.Then there were the two rusty nails that slammed into my knee to the hilt.Oh yeah ... and not being able to move my legs.I always thought that nothing I could see in film could even approach the misery of these personal moments.But then , I could never in a thousand years imagine the creative still-birth of the 30th Anniversary NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD DVD.Now I know what you are thinking , or at least I think I do . You may be thinking that I have grossly overstated the level of personal offense with which I take this DVD , but I swear to you I am having to control myself sooo much right now from merely ranting ... How can I tell you exactly how they pissed on this film?NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my first favorite movies . Every week , for the first 6 years of my life , I watched NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD projected in 16mm . It was the first film that I had memorized.It scared me away from wanting to ever frequent cemeteries . And it made me ask my Dad how they make movies . And he handed me my first Famous Monsters of Filmland , along with a book on LON CHANEY ... a little thin blue book.And that is how it began . Also at the time I was addicted to KING KONG , GORGO and THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD . I was seeing each of those ... constantly alongside LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS -LRB- Corman version -RRB- and REEFER MADNESS.In fact earlier this day I had watched the Alamo Drafthouse 's last night of the Cannibal fest where they screened NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD . I was in a great mood . I 'd been saving watching this 30th Anniversary edition till after I saw this screening at the Drafthouse.Quint came over to watch it with Father Geek and I. . . and my god ... the horror.I feel as though I have just watched a personal family member gang-raped by a pack of super sodomites.If you love NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD do n't even pick up the box that encases this dung heap.First off , John Russo should be buried alive and fed through an IV and given adequate oxygen for the next 30 years . He has butchered , defaced and ruined one of the greatest horror films of all time . From his additions -LRB- as well as subtractions -RRB- to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , I can say with the utmost confidence that talent does not in any way reside within this shell of a so-called writer.He has created something that at it 's best moments perhaps achieves the utter stupidity of ` GREEDO FIRED FIRST ' , but mostly resides with floating turds in a city sewer system.There is not one instance in the entirety of the DVD that even begins to be good . And I 'm even talking about the original footage . They have ruined every single second of the film through laughably awful sound effects and mixing , through a HORRENDOUS new bit of noise shat out by talentless hack , Scott Vladimir Ligina . They have erased all grain from the film , making it stark and crisp and in focus where it was once gloriously creepy and atmospheric.Sigh ... Perhaps I should just begin ... at the beginning.Gone are the opening shots of the film . Instead we begin upon the Chevy truck , that we later see Ben driving . But for now , it is driven by two redneck types hauling the body of the ` cemetery ghoul ' in a coffin in the back of their truck . Terrible dialogue about how he was a child murderer has been created as if to give some sort of backstory to the first zombie we ever see.This is HORRIBLE . REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE . The dialogue and acting between the two corpse handlers is terribly written and delivered with all the subtlety and nuance of a kindergarten play about butterflies and toast.When we finally arrive at the cemetery we get a look at this abominable tone deaf synthesizer addicted skinhead , Scott Vladimir Licina . Not only did he piss on the entire film with the single most offensive score I have ever listened to in my life , he and his gigantic teeth , have decided to bookend this film with an overbearing and painfully awful portrayal of a Reverend.They have the cemetery zombie attack the two drivers and then we cut straight to Barbara and Johnny parked at the cemetery . All the foreboding shots of the drive ... gone . Now , new thunder sounds pounding the entire scene . Drowning out their dialogue . This is ... awful . I really have never known the meaning of that word till I witnessed this atrocity.Let 's cut forward a bit.Remember where Ben and Barbara have first gone into the house together ? When he tells her to go turn on all the lights , and then he begins searching for nails and hammer and wood ? Well ... we see him find the toolboxes . We no longer see him put the screwdriver in his back pocket , gone is the search for wood ... he no longer looks under the sink , the initial nailing of wood is gone ... . Oh yeah ... as a matter of fact ... When Barbara leaves the room here , it instantly cuts straight to her at the music box . All of the in-between and dialogue has been cut.Remember Ben relating to Barbara what happened to him ? Remember him talking about a tanker truck ... describing that ? GONE . Remember Barbara telling the story of Johnny and her ? Well , they got to the cemetery ... but all of her fantastic hysterical fits ... GONE!Gone . So much character development . Gone gone gone . Remember the scene between Harry and Helen in the basement where Harry talks about the Radio up stairs and Helen begins screaming at him about that . About how they do n't like one another.Well now ... Harry goes down in the basement . Does his initial bit about , `` We 'll see who 's right . We 'll see when they come pleading for me to let them in '' And then ... cut to our all around swell guy , Tom pleading with Harry to come on back up ... a mere minute and a half after he 's entered the cellar ... there by making it seem as if ... Tom instantly had a change of heart . Gone is the development between Harry and Helen about their marriage problems , the issues with Harry 's superiority complex.If fact ... throughout the entire film all of this basic fundamentally important to the story work is GONE , to be replaced with Reverend Wide Teeth and his bunch of morons.Also ... all the radio broadcasts are now different . It no longer feels like a radio broadcast from the period , but now feels like someone trying to impersonate a radio broadcast . Gone is most of the Venus probe stuff . Gone is the information about the Rescue Centers . Gone Gone Gone.They hacked the hell out of this film . Remember the naked zombie ? GONE!Instead we have additional stumblers . No useful or even
 I can not believe why Romero/Russo would do such a thing ! Restoring a classic takes guts , and can be done artistically -LRB- ala , the Star Wars Trilogy -RRB- if the artist has developed his ideas in the context of the film
 Simply put ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS VERSION ! John Russo has ruined a classic film -LRB- oh the humanity ! -RRB- First off he re-edited the film -LRB- cutting out major scenes of dialogue -RRB- then he had the film re-scored -LRB- destroying the haunting atmosphere of the original -RRB- He then substituted scenes that were not to be in the original film -LRB- because they werent up to par ! -RRB- Even the news broadcasts were changed -LRB- now sounding very fake & not matching this period piece -RRB- This movie is very near & dear to my heart & it saddens me to see it butchered like this ... THE DEAD ARE WALKING ALLRIGHT ... OUT OF THE GRAVE & STRAIGHT AFTER JOHN RUSSO !!!!!!!!
 The day they decided to add awful , awful , awful new scenes to the masterpiece `` Night of the Living Dead '' , change the music , and screw the whole thing up was in my mind one of the darkest days in cinema history . The new music is shockingly bad , and the new scenes -LRB- with terrible acting and unneccessary new plot details -RRB- basically should never have been filmed . Really , this whole `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' thing is the worst treatment of a classic movie since colorization was briefly popular . I think every copy of this should be burned.What 's really a shame is that the image quality of the original movie is pretty dang good -LRB- it 's also good on the disc released by Elite . The one without the new scenes . Hint hint . -RRB- There is a boatload of extras , including a documentary on the making of the new footage -LRB- which actually manages to be worse than the new footage itself -RRB- , a trailer for this rerelease , and a clip of something called `` Flesheater '' that the director of the new version made.THIS IS NOT THE VERSION OF `` NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD '' TO BUY . IF YOU EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS , YOU ARE NO LONGER MY FRIEND .
 Three things :1
 I bought this DVD , and was really dissapointed . Well , this new scenes , you can see that cemetary zombie look much older in one scene , and in next -LRB- original scene -RRB- he suddenly looks younger . And new added scenes are ofcourse in black and white , but the brightness is different , so you can see which part is new scene evev if you see this film as first time . And new music , well it was n't that bad , but it seems like they tried to put the music in any scenes they can.And the music was little too loud.That had destroyed the good , intention of the scenes.if they used it less , and little more quiet , it could be better . But most annoying thing about this 30th anniversary edition is , that priest . Who hired him ? He is the worst actor I have ever seen in my life ! If they hired someone better for this caractor , I could give one more star to rate this movie . And the ending , I did not get it at all . It looked like those clappy TV priest propaganda show . Well , I may keep this DVD ONLY for the bright picture quority , but nothing else .
 This is one `` deluxe anniversary edition '' you should avoid at all costs . Those familiar with the original masterpiece will recoil in horror to see how it has been altered . The new footage is senseless and poorly filmed and does not match the original image at all . It really detracts the pacing and tight structure of the original film . Try the collector 's edition re-mastered in THX . That 's all you should consider ... this was an ill-concieved attempt to cash in for the 30th anniversary . Nothing more .
 I borrowed this froma buddy at work and it is amazing . But not in a good way . I 'm amazed the original group involved w / the movie -LRB- excluding George -RRB- could ever do what was done to this . The new scenes are unwatchable . In the commentary they babble on on how seamless they are implemented . But they do n't discuss how BADLY they were acted . I gave this `` new '' movie two stars for the following , ONE
 As a die-hard fan of the original NOLD -LRB- and its sequels including Tom Savini 's charming 1990 remake -RRB- I was not disappointed by this 30th Anniversary revamping . Reason being , the idea itself is the most disappointing aspect
 I 'm sorry ... They have spoiled this classic film with a new score that sounds like it 's from 1981 , and terrible new scenes that do n't fit in at all with the original film . This project had my hopes up , but just did n't pan out at all . I wish I 'd spent my money on something else . Yuck !
 There 's always the sequel , or the remake , or the adaptation that somehow negatively affects the reputation of a classic film , book , etc. . The Batman films became progressively worse , the remake of `` Psycho '' was just a pointless exercise -LRB- and pricey one -RRB- in filmmaking , and the 1995 adaptation of `` The Scarlet Letter '' was just an out and out disgrace . Then of course , there 's the 30th anniversary edition of `` NOTLD '' , with newly remastered sound and picture quality . Not to mention 15 minutes of newly shot scenes that are an inclusion to the film . Well , there 's the old adage , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . But instead of not fixing it , how about tossing a molotov cocktail at the film and screw it up with bad acting and campy , Cinemax premiere-style storytelling to an otherwise , horror classic . Romero 's 1968 film made a big fuss when it burst onto the drive-in scene by giving unexpecting viewers images they 'd never forget in the midst of horrible violence . It was the first time where the hero does not win in the end , where censorship was sorely tested , and people did n't expect what they 'd see . Now , countless versions of video and DVD later , the team from the original -LRB- with the strange exclusion of writer-director Romero -RRB- have teamed up , to pretty much tarnish the reputation of the original , with a ridiculous subplot surrounding the first zombie we see in the film , and an even worse character , an idiot playing a priest who would put most porn stars to shame for being such an awful actor . These 15 minutes of deleted scenes excise the original scenes , -LSB- mess -RSB- up the ending , and are most likely to hurt the reputation of the classic . The only thing the 30th anniversary has is an engrossing score that provides remarkable improvement to the original score by making it tense and scary . But the extras , which have absolutely nothing to do with the 1968 original , are just from the production surrounding the 30th anniversary . An annoying music video accompanies the likes of the DVD that 's a techno version which unnecessarily repeats quotes from the flick that make it unbearable . If you 're a big fan of NOTLD , and look to purchase the original , just purchase the original which you can find for less than 10 bucks on the internet . Do n't get the 30th anniversary , because it certainly is n't definitive , and it certainly is n't good . Instead , pick up the Millenium Edition , which for some reason is being paired with this review instead of the actual 30th Anniversary Edition , the one that 's being criticized .
 I rented this version because it 's the only one I could get my hands on and I had read and been told over the years how great a movie it is . Well , this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Supposedly this version is to be avoided , but I did not know that going into this . I must admit , I did see a second or two of brilliance here and there throughout the film , but all in all it was utterly EXCRUCIATING.Poorly edited , terribly acted -LRB- both of which mean to me that Romero is an awful director -RRB- , synched like a Japanese overdub at parts , and not in the least bit humorous as I was led to believe . I do n't see a classic in here in any sense . The lighting/setting and music were the only descent things about this flick . I hung in there , waiting for the promised greatness to come , but all I got for my trouble was an Alistair Crowley wannabe spending the last 5 minutes of the film irritating me more than a parental lecture did at age 15 . If this is truly a 4-star film and someone butchered it this badly , they deserve to have their fingernails slowly ripped out with pliers and then be used as the guinea pig in an under-funded dental school.All that said this movie did do one thing it set out to . It scared me ... from ever even thinking about getting my hands on the original .
 I hated it . No plot . no story , and very undeveloped characters . The entire movie was just blood and gore from badly done zombies . I was highly disappointed.The movie director should be shot .
 This is by far the best copy on dvd of this movie . I was tempted in the past to buy this version but hesitated until I read other reviews on your website and decided to purchase this version after reading the high reviews . Being a big George Romero fan , I own other versions of this movie on dvd and vhs and always strive to get the best quality films I can . The Millennium Edition of this movie is the best money can buy .
 As long as I 'm paraphrasing , I come to bury Romero , not to praise him.A couple generations have come and gone since George Romero and a band of barely capable hacks created this film . In my lifetime I 've seen no end of psuedo-intellectual praise heaped upon this glorified student film . Gore fans and hipsters alike have wasted volumes of paper and hard drive attributing sociological subtext and cinematic greatness to a movie that has neither.The basic premise of the film remains fertile soil for someone with talent . The makers of 28 DAYS LATER and DAWN OF THE DEAD -LRB- remake -RRB- scared the hell out of us while demonstrating in a handful of grief-struck scenes the ramifications of World War Z on the living.Romero , on the other hand , -- led amateur actors through terrible performances , from Barbara 's poorly rendered catatonia to Angry Bald Man 's puzzling decision to imbue every line with PURE ! BLIND ! FURY ! -- generates a pace so leaden even the zombies could outrun it . -- spends an inordinate amount of time showing characters hammering boards . There are 2 minute-long carpentry sequences in this very worst episode of THIS OLD HOUSE . -- offers specious logic regarding the characters ' escape plans . Only the first floor or the basement ? No one considers moving upstairs and smashing the stairwell to bits behind them ? There 's certainly plenty of tools -LRB- see above -RRB- ! And gravity still seems to affect the shambling dead . -- seems to have gleamed all his post-modern praise from the tacky inclusion at film 's end of still frame shots of rednecks gleefully shooting zeds . I suspect this had more to do with the price of filmstock than any pure artistic decision . As even late 60s social commentary goes , it ai n't exactly Easy Rider.I 've give Mr. Romero that his follow-up , Dawn of the Dead , was a helluva lotta fun in the 1970s drive-in I saw it in , but then its follow-up , Day of the Dead , was essentially as boring as an episode of MEET THE PRESS if MTP featured an undead round table . Even Savini 's remake was more satisfying than this lump of hackery.Romero 's recent LAND OF THE DEAD took the WTF ? step of actually identifying/sympathizing with the zombies , who , in a feat of contradiction you usually only see from Republicans , Romero has decided ARE PEOPLE TOO . There 's some hamfisted class struggle commentary in there , but you 'd need a decoder ring to make any sense of it.As for the one that started it all , however , the only thing terrifying about NofLD is how fecund it is .
 The Night Of The Living Dead is a really boring , low-budget , black and white zombie film . The acting is pretty hollow and there are no real scary parts . Every time you 'd think the film would be scary - it 's not , becuase it 's in black and white and most of the `` scary parts '' take place in the nighttime so it 's really hard to see any details . I 'd give it 1 star if it was n't for that great music at the end !
 NOTLD is a odd horror movie made in the 60s with a low budget -LRB- The movie is shot in b & w ; and had unknown actors and basically one production design -LRB- a house -RRB- . The movie is good to watch only once or twice in either b & w ; or color -LRB- The colorized version is the best way to watch this -RRB- and the this is the movie that introduced us to zombie movies by a unknown director -LRB- back then -RRB- named George Romero . Do n't expect state-of-the-art special effects because the only effects they used were chocolate sauce and meat from the butcher Romero knew but expect a weird and sometimes creepy horror movie that remains a classic still . Theres been lots of DVD releases of this one stick with the Millennium Edition and skip the 30th Anniversary Edition.Other Recommende zombie movies : Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 version -RRB- ZombieZombie LakeDead Heat
 Shame on Anchor Bay for releasing this -LRB- ... -RRB- version of Night of the Living Dead . Not only did they insert segments of cheesy synthesizer soundtrack to partially replace the old one , but they also added 15 minutes of , get this , `` new footage . '' This footage seems intended to serve as an exposition , to explain exactly why zombies are roaming the countryside ; never mind that the cause is apparent in the original version . Where , in the 1968 film , the production and acting were excellent -LRB- especially in the face of a limited budget -RRB- , the 15 minutes of `` new footage '' are totally incongruous and the result has a very obvious cut-and-paste feel . Let me emphasize , the production and acting in the `` new footage '' are pathetic ; if I had played the part of that priest , if I had participated in `` decomposing '' the soundtrack , if I had contributed in any way to this effort , I do n't think I could show my face in public.Why make such a fuss over a 30 + year-old film shot in black and white on a low budget ? Well , you have to understand the impact of George Romero 's movie . If you find the idea of flesh-eating zombies absurd -LRB- ok , I 'll admit that it is -RRB- , but you have never seen the flick and are expecting a spoof or a laugh fest , then Night of the Living Dead can be a rude shock . First of all , it kills off one of its skeptics in the first 10 minutes of the movie in a pretty pedestrian way , with a rock to the head . Furthermore , its later scenes of violence are surprisingly convincing -LRB- sorry , you need to see the original yourself -RRB- . This is a really good movie.George Romero , in interviews on IFC , seems to have approached the issue of production and distribution for NOTLD and DOTD with a conviction that his work was worth defending from those who would censor or otherwise diminish the impact of these films . Therefore , it is perplexing that the Anchor Bay version has surfaced . Perhaps it is Romero 's fault ; maybe he sold out . But I suspect that the story behind this mess is more complex . The people who released this so-called `` 30th anniversary edition '' have no such principles , and would have us believe that their version is more valid . I suspect that all of this is motivated by money -LRB- one website alleges that the people who released this abomination are laying the groundwork for a sequel -RRB- . I have heard that the Elite release has the highest quality video plus commentary from Romero , et . al. but I 've never seen that version and I 'm not sure it is still available .
 Ok so JAWS 3 , Friday The 13th 3 , Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare , Amityville 3-D , how many classic horror films have tried the 3-D thing . . and these actually TRIED to make it work . . thank god there are versions without the 3-d Effect . . BUT I ca n't get the glasses to work on my TV Set I think 3-d should stay in the theaters . . AND my biggest complaint is this . . NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD was never meant to be a 3-D film so why make it into a 3-D film!the above mentioned films HAVE specific scenes designed and created for 3-D NOTLD did n'tBut yeah BUY THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM !
 What I do n't get is the new footage . They did n't fit the movie and all they did was destroy it . The new music ruined it also . I hated the new ending . I mean come on ! 1 year later all the zombies were destroyed ? NOTHING in the new footage had anything to do with Night of the Living Dead or the rest of the series . Just buy the Millenium edition .
 This product , which bears the insignia UAV Entertainment , is the worst print of a movie I have ever seen -- no grey scale , no edges to the images , no audio clarity . Since NOTLD is in the public domain , profiteers have for years been distributing duplicate prints made from duplicate prints -- much like `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' which was finally released in a stunning DVD version once the copyright was renewed.The only thing that 's sharply in focus on this version of NOTLD is the splicy , dusty film surface itself . The manufacturer must have used either a beat-up duplicate or a VHS tape for a master . But you would never suspect it from the slick packaging , along with the assurances of `` Dolby Digital Stereo '' and , on the disc itself -LRB- from UAV Corp. -RRB- , `` Guaranteed Superior Quality . `` The original movie was cheaply made in an exploitive way that the spectator could forgive and enjoy . Not so with this item , which demonstrates that `` DVD Quality '' is in itself no guarantee of anything . Unfortunately , the zombies on the cover were not enough to scare this consumer away .
 Maybe I 'm just a purist in this regard but I was utterly disappointed with the 30th anniversary edition of NOTLD . The additional scenes , shot with current film stock , are so appaling that I question the reasons for their inclusion . The new soundtrack is bearable at best , but detracts from the edgy feel of the original . Also , the re-recorded news broadcasts were nothing more than irritating.While I enjoy having a decent copy of the film on hand , it 's a difficult version to watch . You 'd be better off buying the Evil Dead DVD .
 Whatever you do , DO NOT rent/purchase/watch the 30th anniversary edition of Night of the Living Dead , ESPECIALLY if you have not seen the movie before . Apparently it is somewhat difficult to find a decent rendering of this movie , but at all costs avoid this one . Simply put , there is new footage and new music that RUINS the original . To me , it looks like some idiot goth kids wanted to have bit parts in their favorite movie from high school and decided , hey , let 's create all new characters and dialogue for the 30th anniversary edition . In fact , the awful new music is composed by the same guy -LRB- Scott Vladimir Licina -RRB- who played the worst new character , Reverend Hicks . God , I wan na smack that idiot .
 Do yourself a favor and just buy the Millenium Edition . I made the mistake of buying this for the 15 minutes of `` extra footage , the way the movie was meant to be made . '' Well , I was beyond disappointment . Besides contradicting the original film , if taken seriously as a part of the Living Dead Trilogy , it destroys `` Dawn '' and `` Day '' as well . Do n't waste the money .
 I was expecting better video and sound quality from the Blu-ray version . The regular DVD version would have probably been just as bad !
 I thought adding color to this classic of the horror genre was the worst that could ever happen to it , I was wrong . The new footage stands out from the rest of the film -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- , almost all the original zombie footage is gone and the new zombies should shut-up because they 're far too noisey , the new folley effects are as subtle as a train wreck , and the new soundtrack is nothing to write home about either . As they say in `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show , '' enter -LRB- or should I say view -RRB- this new cut of the film at your own risk !
 The rating of this film does not pertain to the original cult classic by George A. Romero . It refers to the horribly acted , slow moving joke of new footage which is easily detectible from the original footage . And its distracting new musical score would do better on a soundtrack for a new movie . This masterpiece of its time has been ruthlessly butchered . Everything added to this 30th anniversary edition not counting the digital mastering has soiled the original . Do n't let the fancy silver case fool you . Those who are responsible for this atrocity should be fed to the zombies .
 Although his name appears in the credits , George Romero was in no way involved with this project . The new footage does n't match the original . Despite a mountain of makeup , Bill Hinzman looks much older than his first incarnation of the cemetary zombie . What was he thinking ? New cuts and fades , intended to improve the pacing of the film , seem premature and at times omit valuable dialogue . The prologue and epilogue add little importance overall , the main addition being a religious subplot which frames the entire story . Licina 's newly recored soundtrack reminds me of bad MIDI files imbedded in somebody 's web page . That being said , Night of the Living Dead
 I was one of the LUCKY ones who did not buy this . I did however have the UN-Pleasant experience of seeing this `` Butchering '' of a classic . I saw the 30th Anniversary edition on one of the movie channels and said `` Hey I have n't seen this version before , Oh look the added stuff to it I wonder if it will be any good '' Well it is n't . The stuff they added in as plain of terms as I can think of SUCKS and in fact they actually cut other stuff in order to add the new stuff ... Is anyone else having a hard time with this ? Well the new stuff is n't restored or anything in fact it was re-shot and poorly added in . I work in a movie theater as a projectionist so while I notice some of the smaller stuff . . this stuff is noticable by everyone . In fact I 'm going to say that the only people who would like this piece of garbage are the ones who have never seen the original . I 'm not going to go into what they 've cut since so many already have . I sadly do n't own any addition on dvd but when I do I WILL NOT BE BUYING THIS VERSION . I have heard good things about the Millenium eddition . Glad to see someone got it right . How do you butcher a film this badly and then sleep at night . I would almost go as far as saying that you could remake this movie and use digital zombies and it would be better than this . So if you see the 30th anniversary on the shelf LEAVE IT THERE !!! Go find the newer Millenium edition . I did n't even complain about the `` new '' soundtrack yet because it 's nothing someone who has a basic knowledge of a computer program that can make midi files could n't do . IT 'S GARBAGE AS WELL . Maybe I 've been to hard but I do n't think so . If you must watch this sodomizing of the original by all means RENT IT or do as I did and see if one of the movie channels need about 2 hours of filler so they decided to play this .
 If you liked the original , if you care about Romero 's work or like any of it even in the tiniest axon in the darkest corner of your mind , I implore , beg , and plead with you NOT TO BUY OR RENT -LRB- OR VIEW FOR FREE -RRB- THIS ABSOLUTE HATCHET JOB ON THE ORIGINAL -LRB- I 'm sorry to shout , but it 's warranted -RRB- . The extra footage sucks and is ludicrous . The new music destroys the movie . You 're not event given an opportunity to revert to the original . After watching it , squirming in my Barcalounger , feeling like Alex being force to watch ultraviolence in A Clockwork Orange , I destroyed the CD and burned the pieces . I wo n't have it in my house . I wo n't sell it to some poor unsuspecting schmuck . I wo n't even bury it where some future civilization may find it and judge us by it . DESTROY EVERY COPY YOU CAN FIND -- PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Like more than a few other poor souls who fell for this `` Special Super-Duper 30th Anniversary Edition '' of NOTLD , I thought this would be the best release yet from Anchor Bay -LRB- a company which , this title aside , can do no wrong -RRB- . Man , was I wrong . I just finished watching the 30th Anniversary version of the movie , and it is -- like many have already stated here -- an excising of 15 minutes of original footage en lieu of some ridiculous padding -LRB- an overacting priest , a family in an auto wreck , ` new ' zombies wandering the countryside -RRB- that in no way adds to the storyline . Unfortunately , the picture quality of the new footage is inconsistent with the 1968 version , so everything that 's been added is unfortunately hard to miss . The New & Improved soundtrack had me groaning at first , but got better as the film progressed -LRB- even though it resembled Tangerine Dream on a cheap keyboard -RRB- . I must commend whoever re-recorded the sound efx -LRB- gunshots , punches , etc. -RRB- , because that 's the one aspect of this edition that 's OUTSTANDING.The extras , which consist of a trailer , a making-of segment , a still gallery , and a pointless video clip from some obscure movie are pretty underwhelming . This Bill Hinzman guy should n't be holding his head up too high for whatever involvement he had here , along with buddy-boy John Russo.In short , I thought I 'd get this and maybe do away with my 10 + year old video copy , but I think I 'll stick with it . By comparison , this is the `` Definitive Inferior Version . ''
 I saw this wretched dvd at a friends house . I couldnt decide whether or not this was supposed to be funny or taken seriously.Regardless , John Russo and friends totally ruined George Romeros groundbreaking horror classic . The soundtrack is ridiculous , it sounds as though the composer bought a $ 30 Casio keyboard and wrote some cheesy gothic horror songs for the soundtrack . And who do they think they are fooling with Bill Heinzman reprising his role as the original zombie 30 years later ? Did they think no one would notice he looked like he was close to 40 in the original , and in the new footage he looks like hes 70 at the youngest?Please . Also i noticed another thing about the family who died at Beekmans Diner in the car crash : Check out one of the kids shoes , as they are actually Sketchers I believe . I 'm no expert on the shoe business so correct me if I 'm wrong , but I dont think the Sketchers shoe company was around in 1968 . Did anyone see the `` music video '' for the ridiculous `` Dance of the Dead '' . Thats probably the most entertaining feature about the dvd . I found the music video to be corny and terrible , but utterly hiliarious . Anyways , do n't waste your money on this garbage . The new music score is way below subpar as is the acting and scripting for the additional material . The original Romero feature was a low budget masterpiece . This , however is just a half-assed attempt at filmmaking and yet another way for no talent filmakers to cash in on a classic . Avoid .
 It is just unfathomable that anyone could possibly think this was a good idea - take a beloved classic film and :1 . Cut 15 minutes of footage .2 . Add 15 minutes of poorly shot new footage with excruciatingly bad acting , writing and direction .3 . Dump the original music score and replace it with painfully amateurish electronic drivel .4 . Add insult to injury by deceptively marketing it as the definitive 30th Anniversary Edition.Words can not express how terrible this edition is . Really , it is THAT bad . I have seen student films and amateur fan edits done better . The new footage is so badly written and acted it would almost be funny if it was n't cut into this classic film.Stay far , far away from this version . Get any other version that has the real Night of the Living Dead .
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is arguably the greatest horror film of all-time , and easily one of the most influential ever made . However , this DVD does NOT contain the true version of the film . Despite the fact that it includes a couple nice special features , this version of the film is for die-hard Romero fans only.The film has been re-edited , with new , completely unnecessary scenes inserted ; also , Scott Vladimir Lacina has replaced the popular score of library music from the first film with a new score . John A. Russo lead the project , and said he was surprised by the reaction of fans . Well , nice job , Mr. Russo , you damned the film straight to hell . I can not tell you enough times not to purchase this edition.Confound you , ambitious filmmakers !
 After purchasing this 2 disc set and watching the 30th Anniversary Edition I find myself asking the following questions
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled witha lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary LimitedEdition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped thedisc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This scoreis so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on thescreen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutesand immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willingbuyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite EntertainmentDVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film onDVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorderand the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... theAnchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , Iwould have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast asyou can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 If you 're all about sound and picture quality , than this DVD is n't for you . Spend the few extra bucks to buy the millennium edition , you wo n't regret it . This DVD is just another sad video tape print with lines and scratches , film bouncing all over the place , terrible edit cuts , etc. ... While the movie may be a horror classic , there definately is no point in releasing a film on DVD unless they plan to clean up the print enough to where it appears new . I used to watch Psycho with all the crackling and lines and such , but when I bought the DVD I was amazed at how much the print was cleaned up . DVD 's should have more thought that go into them before the final product is released . I guess that 's what I get for being cheap and buying the $ 7.00 way out .
 DO NOT for any reason buy the Anchor Bay 30th anniversary DVD of Night Of The Living Dead ! The makers have trashed it completly.They added new footage -LRB- shot in ' 98 , by the way -RRB- and a new Halloween-like music score.Both of which add nothing to what is a classic better left alone.To be honest , I coud n't even sit through more than 10 mins.of this new version , or the commentary by 4 people I wont name but should be ashamed of themselves.There is no explanation for why they felt the need to change the film in any way.I figured if they did n't discuss it while the footage was playing they would n't so I gave up.Oh yeah the disc also has a so called 1998 90 minute edit , which is actually the original version , but with the annoying new score.Again , piontless.I got ripped off 20 bucks , and I would feel bad trying to pawn it off on someone else , so I 'm trashing it and buying the Elite Entertainment DVD , the one it turns out I wanted in first place Buy it as well and dont let this happen to you .
 If Ed Wood was still alive he could n't even get excited about the new scenes in this film . If you are a fan of night of the living dead buy the elite dvd but stay far away from the special edition . The new scenes add nothing to the story and actually detract from it . Russo 's direction in the new scenes is about as exciting and creative as a wet sponge . The new scenes are poorly written and the acting is even worse . I was really looking forward to this and was terribly disappointed . View at your own risk - stomach aches , nausea , vomiting could be the result at seeing a master piece of a horror movie butchered courtesy of Russo and friends .
 This 30th Anniversary Edition is pathetic . New scenes were added , new music was added , the film was re-edited and changed . Each and every one of these things made it worse . Please search out the proper original version of this film that George A Romero directed . -LRB- try the Elite DVD for example -RRB- Avoid this one .
 someone who reads this review and is a fan of the original NOTLD and its sequels `` dawn of the dead '' and `` day of the dead '' , is probably wondering if i was crazy when giving this film only a 2 star rating . i 'd agree that i would be crazy for giving the original 1968 version of this film only a 2 star rating , but i am not rating the original version , i 'm critiquing the special 30th anniversary re-issue of the film.if you have been fortunate enough not to see this version , you 're probably wondering what the big difference between the original and this one is . and believe me there is a BIG difference.if you 're reading this , i 'm just going to assume that you 've seen the original version of the film so i do n't have to give a big long summary . if you 've never seen NOTLD and have no clue as to what i 'm talking about in this review , i apologize . please do n't let it stop you from seeing the original version of this cinematic masterpiece.anyway , to those who have been long term fans of the series let me say this
 I love the original 1968 version , and I was worried when I heard news of the `` Special Edition '' version being made . After viewing it , I lost all respect for the people involved , with the exception of Romero , who obviously had nothing to do with this rape of a classic . Judging from some of the reviews posted , many view it the same , and it looks as if some of the crew posted their own biased reviews . Someone stated that the new score was `` very very good '' . I beg to differ . The score sounds cheap and unimaginative , even to the point of ripping off some of the Phantasm theme in parts . I wo n't both asking why the moronic composer was allowed to act in this , but my only question is this . . Why did they shoot the new footage on such a clear sunny day and try to mesh that with the moody overcast sky of the original ? Stay away form this one , unless you love terrible acting , dull music , weak writing , and terrible directing . I am completely disapointed , and will never watch anything that Russo and company are involved with . Shame on them .
 I first saw Night of the Living Dead when I was nine during its original theatrical run . I rented it on 16mm film during college to show on campus . I saw it theatrically again in 1983 -LRB- on a double bill with Invasion of the Flesh Hunters -RRB- , and it was the first prerecorded VHS tape I ever bought . I even bought -LRB- and quickly discarded -RRB- the colorized version . I have owned , over the years , at least 6 VHS versions , and now have the Elite laser pressing . For a requirement for my Master 's degree , I compiled an annotated bibliography of works about the film . I know this movie pretty well , and this 30th anniversary edition ranks right up with the colorized version as one of the most ill-conceived `` enhancement '' projects in the history of video . As the bumper sticker says , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' John Russo should take these words to heart . His new scenes add nothing interesting to the film . Does it matter that the cemetary zombie was an electrocuted murderer ? Does it help that we have several new `` featured '' zombies -LRB- to use Russo 's term -RRB- that do n't interact with anything in the original footage ? And why did Russo write a character as obnoxious as the Rev. Hicks , and give him so much screen time ? Russo and the other filmmakers spend A LOT of time on the commentary track talking about the care they used in matching the new footage with the old , but more care could have been expended in actually writing new scenes that meshed with the film . Russo also states that this is the best-looking version of the original film , even better than the Elite laser version . After comparing the two , I must differ . Many of the darker scenes on the 30th edition have been digitally lightened , making the picture look at times as if it were shot though a fine mesh . Russo also states that the filmmakers had always wanted an original score ; the new score is wimpy and Casio-like , and has none of the power of the original library tracks that Romero used . Overall , this disc is a colossal waste of the consumer 's money . Buy the Elite version and watch Night as it should be seen .
 I worked at a video store and played this film , which the musical score which they changed on this dvd ... ruined that horror classic feel that the original score had which made it scary , i just scene in tower another edition released thats uncut which should be alot better , it was just released .
 my review : Short version DO NOT BUY THIS DVDMy Review Long Version : Finaly i got myself a DVD player , and having always loved Night of The living Dead since it first scared me when i was twelve years old i knew i would like to own a copy.Alas the only version i could find at the time was the 30th anniversary edition ... which cost me $ 40 dollarsNow dont get me wrong i like the new scenes , even though they look some what out of place with the original footage -LRB- maybe a short half hour or hour prologue or epilogue would of worked better than butchering the original -RRB- . I am sure from the featurette that the all had fun making the new scenes and slotting family and friends into a cult classic , and the new music score is awesome -LRB- the actor who plays the priest proves he should stick to music and give up acting his preformace is worse than that of Bela Lugosi in Plan nine from outer space , which is a great film for all the wrong reasons -RRB- . As for the new scenes answering all the unanswerd questions from the original ... what questions ? ... in the comentary from John Russo and others they say the first zombie needs expalnation of where he came from ... Hell they are in a cematary use your imagination , films that let us use our imagination in an intelligent way are the ones we call masterpieces.Also in the new fottage if your unlucky enough to see it look for the zombie with the one arm ... at several points you can actualy tell the the girl has her arm tied behind her back under her clothes -LRB- digital effects must be a new then to these guys -RRB- especially when she leans over the car accident , and as for the extended radio dialog that clears up sooooo many imortant questions but just boggs you down in to much information that is unnecessary ... but i could go on.To sum up all i can say is all the above i can forgive cause if you take it for what it is it isnt to bad , anyway having sat throught the 30th anniversary edition -LRB- with and with out commentary -RRB- i happily sat down to watch the original 1968 version only to find it was not the original 1968 version as it contains the new music score and not the original stock music that was used ... alas this makes the whole dvd useless as the originaly chosen music is one of the originals charms , it contains music some may recognize as having been used in The hideous sun deamon , teenagers from outer space and terror from the year 5,000 . I do think that somewhere on the packaging they should of pointed out the the `` so called '' 68 version had the new music score , false adversiseing maybe?alas just today i was out of town and found my self in a store that had a cheap $ 9:95 version of the 1968 Night of the Living dead on DVD -LRB- yes with original music in place -RRB- and was very tempted , but unless John Russo is willing to give me back my $ 40 for the new version i 'm not willing to buy the other one , and anyway having it here will be a reminder to be more careful.The digital remastering of the video is excellent , but i would of settled for a little grainy if i could of just had the film i first saw when i was twelve.I guess this little tale of buyer beware proves that expensive is not always better . find the original version with the original stock music in place it is sooooo much better .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Let 's face it , if you 're reading this review chances are , you are a NOTLD fan ... good for you . I do n't have to waste my any of my 1,000 words saying what an amazing film the original version was . But if you have n't seen this `` updated '' version and are considering purchasing it , do n't . I can type all day about the offenses this film spewed upon its viewers , but let 's narrow it down to a few :1 . When a movie 's done , it 's done . Do n't add to it , do n't punch it up . It 's done . You want to continue to ride on the success of a film , make a sequel , or if you 're lazy enough make a remake . Lucas almost killed Star Wars , these knuckleheads should have learned their lessons .2 . What was with that bald priest ? Did they have auditions or did Russo lose a bet ? 3 . Bill Hinzman
 This disk is not worth the money or the metal and plastic used to record it . Do yourself a favor and buy the Elite version . Russo & co. are just out to make a quick buck by exploiting this classic . This is one of the best horror films ever made and this so-called `` Special Edition '' adds nothing to the film . The Elite version should be available on Amazon . Sure , you may pay a few dollars more -- but Romero did NOT authorize this re-edited disk . Besides , the picture quality is far superior on the Elite disk . The one star rating is for the `` 30th Anniversary '' edition only . Otherwise , the film gets FIVE stars .
 The 3-d has to be used with some special razor 3d glasses reg 3D glasses dont work . I wish I had known that before ordering .
 This `` 30th anniversary edition '' of `` Night of the Living Dead '' is obviously somebody 's idea of a joke . The print is marvelous . The new scenes and new music , however , destroy the mood and pace of the movie -- a movie that was pretty much without a plot to begin with . Here , it may as well have none . The new music is the same repetitious , `` Halloween '' - clone droning heard in a million other horror flicks , and many of the new scenes feature a very poorly played fire-and-brimstone preacher apparently intended to function as a parody of a fire-and-brimstone preacher . Why , is anyone 's guess . The prologue , in which the cemetery zombie climbs out of his coffin just before he can be buried , destroys the impact of the scene that formerly opened the film . Before , the ghoul had appeared out of nowhere , and we did n't know who , or what , he was . Now we do . Way to go , new producers . This 30th-anniversary farce demonstrates how easily an effective film can be destroyed by ill-advised alteration .
 This is a horror masterpiece . There 's some good amateur acting and some violence and gore , but there 's also a strong plot and an incredibly tense atmosphere . George A. Romero , like Alfred Hitchcock , plays his audience like a piano.This DVD by -LRB- shudder -RRB- Madacy has lousy picture quality and wafer thin sound . The extras -LRB- trivia game , biography , poster art -RRB- are typical of Madacy .
 Let the buyer beware
 This is the worst ! I ca n't possible say anymore !
 A shameful rip-off of all the original film 's fans by John Russo . The new footage is Amateur Hour & unnecessary , the new acting is pathetic & this DVD abomination should be shunned by everyone , old fans & new audiences wondering what all the classic fuss is about . -LRB- After I threw it across the room , my puppy even poohed on it ! -RRB-
 I just picked up this version of night of living dead . I already have all the other special editions of the film , However this one had a commentary from Mike Nelson from Mystey Science Theater 3000 which i figured would be quite funny . Much to my suprise the quality of the film was about the same as my old VHS version , and the commentary was just rotten he tried so hard to be funny but he fell flat no humor at all . Such a waste !!!!!!
 This is perhaps the worst movie ever made.If you want to see a real cult classic , buy The Little Shop Of Horrors -LRB- the original -RRB- or Robot Monster . Heck , even The Creeping Terror is better . The actors and actresses are very dumb and ca n't even act . The screenplay looks like it was written by a 6 year old . Do n't make the mistake of buying this .
 This ia a movie about zombies who surround a farm in search of human flesh . The stupid people inside fight and bicker amongst themselfs while more and more zombies surround the house making escape immpossible.If you love good classic horror , This is not it , get the classic universal movies but stay away from the rest of this trilogy they only get worse .
 Gasses floating over graveyards make the dead bodies come back to life who then hunt the people down and try to eat their brains . Dis-orienting , unscary , mess of sloppy and unimpressive effects with no entertainment value at all . THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT looks like a good time compared to this movie . BOO !
 All right , now I am no fan of zombie movies , but if anything I suppose there has to be some limited appreciation for this , Romero 's film which some say ` started this whole zombie thing ' . As such , I do appreciate that Romero understands there is more to fright then gore . In fact , as far as I am concerned the focus is all on those inside the house , with yes that memory about what lurks outside.Still though , I just do not see anything too particularly enthralling about zombies . I mean , they are zombies with zombiesqe movements and zombiesh attitudes . This means they are slow and boring . Now as I mentioned , Romero helped alleviate this , but I still , with my clear anti-zombie bias , am not a fan of this film . Sorry .
 ... Too much money for too little product . This overpriced DVD comes in short -LRB- about 30 minutes -RRB- and cheap . -LRB- You 're not going to believe the shoddy production values -RRB- . While it is useful to see good to great swimmers executing Mr. Laughlin 's techniques , there is no info on correcting common problems for the rest of us . C'mon Terry , you 've been teaching for over 20 years . What about a `` 5 most common mistakes '' section that could help the rest of us along ? Also , while it shows the recommended drills , there is surprisingly little on linking the drills to actual swimming . Most of the demonstrations do n't show the swimmers even breathing but rather holding their breath as they execute the drills . -LRB- Yeah , I know , Sweet Spot - but that hardly shows how to link strokes , particularly for alternate side breathing -RRB- . Also , unless my DVD player has developed hiccups , the disc itself has got problems - There were a number of stutters and `` freezes '' .
 The DVD is like a novel where the plot is going along and then the author just seem to run out of pages without a satisfactory conclusion . The DVD gives the student all the drills but never tells you how to put it together in a freestyle stroke . Perhaps later editions will go the extra chapter .
 Not very useful .90 % is demonstrated by an old man - not fit at all . I did n't see much sports beauty or strength.I think it is a waste of money .
 We loveie movieieie . ! Mee goo peee be causie lovie movieie . Wantie goo too movieie . Blinky neeed dipie changie . Blinky tooo much uch . Blinky stinky moreie me . And me stinkie theie wholeie houseie . gkmjkhfknhjds/lfnmvfdk . , kmkmiju . The tollie awaities I. PEE PEE .
 My 2 year old daughter loves Barbie as The Island Princess and Barbie as the Princess and the Pauper so I was eager to try another Barbie movie . This one is a disappointment . There are no songs in this movie , which really makes the other Barbie movies mentioned great ones !
 II bought this movie because of the price but it was n't worth it . I recommend you to pay the 3 dollars more and get the Mermaid fairytail .
 Could not review it because it had a bubble like flaw on the playing face and it would not play . We e-mailed amazon and are awaiting an answer and a replacement DVD .
 I was surprised with this movie . The animation is still beautiful like all of the Barbie movies and Elena is a good role model , but I was disappointed with the plot and character development . In the past two movies Barbie must make sacrifices to save the land she loves , in this one all she has to do is be on somewhat good/bad terms with the other fairies in the school . I just did n't feel as if there was any growth in her character . Yes , she has many gifts - she is a very talented fairy but what does she do with them ? She 's also the only one who appears to know what is going on and how to the defeat the bad guy . I prefer the other 2 fairytopia movies .
 I did not want to rate this transaction but you insist , let me tell you that I paid for this DVD 2 months ago but I never recieved it despite my insistance to communicate with Bollinger books , the seller .
 First let me say I love Hendrix and I really did enjoy what 's here ... BUT ... There 's really not much content to this disc ... it 's basically his two cavett appearances , which are n't his two best live performances by a long shot and a `` documentary '' of which 80 % is those two same appearances ... Let 's be honest this disc might really be for hardcore Hendrix junkies only ... I am one so I liked it , and I always love listening to him talk ... but I think most folks would feel there 's far too little actual content ... Why not put ALL of Hendrix 's television appearances on a DVD ? I 'm sure they 'd all fit on one ... let 's hope Experience Hendrix does better then this in the future ... Hendrix at Monterey , Hendrix at Berkley , Royal Albert Hall , the remastered Isle of Wight , the rest of Hendrix on TV ... where is it?d
 If you add up all of the interview footage of Hendrix , there 's not much here . Dick Cavett did not interview Hendrix , he just made comments about how he liked his shirt and and threw in a few funny remarks . The Cavett people had to release this for it 's historic value to Rock music , but Mr. Cavett and crew must regret not having more in depth content to offer us 35 years later.Cavet did not convey to the viewers the importance of the times . There were no in depth questions at all about Woodstock which is hindsight is almost criminal , given that the story lead the evening news with Walter Cronkite . When Hendrix mentions that he he has had three nervous breakdowns , Cavett fails to make a folow up question . The most amazing part of the DVD is when Cavett breaks for a commercial , and Hendrix has left the studio . Cavett explains to his audience that Jimmi is too tired to complete the interview.The conclusion of the DVD offers a series of present day interviews from Cavvet , to Jimmi 's original drummer and Bass guitar player . All of these interviews are interupted every 30 seconds by replays of the interview we just watched.Borrow this from a friend , or rent it . Do n't buy it . This DVD has thirty minutes of content in it , including the music performed by Jimmi on the show .
 F + just for thisthe discs are not even CLOSED CAPTIONED !!! Jimi is one of the best all time guitarist , and very rare for him to sit and talk . and add to this is was stoned all the time , tho not sure on this show , but its hard to understand him even IF you have perfect hearing . doesnt move his lips per normal and talks sorta fast at times . this is the 21st century , No CC , fail .
 Experience Hendrix really know how to make the bucks , first get 10 min of footage of Jimi and add 40 more minutes of -LSB- stuff -RSB- and put it out on DVD and sell heaps of em ... I 'm a fan but was caught off gaurd with this one , ...
 I purchased Dick Cavett 's John Lennon and Yoko Ono interview and it was great . It was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material . I gained new insight about John and Yoko . So I bought Cavett 's interview of Jimi Hendrix expecting something similar . The 15 minutes of glib questions by Cavett produced nothing new about Hendrix . Included in the DVD are a few minutes of Jimi playing at Woodstock . The rest of the DVD is mediocre at best .
 I thought this DVD was a little drawn out with interviews from people that new Jimi other then himself and very little performance .
 Theres hardly any Jimi Hendrix in this . I think except for the three songs theres maybe 2 full minutes of Hendrix on this . How sad , they should of teamed up with ` someone ' else and tried to make a real special DVD . One thing I learned about Hendrix was how photogenic he could be on a set .
 `` I might be wrong , but I 'm guessing you know something that I do n't . '' A struggling fight promoter Ray ` Harley ' Davidson -LRB- Fargas -RRB- is running out of money and respect in town . When he meets Charles Buchinsky -LRB- Alexander -RRB- he thinks he found his way back to the top . If you absolutely love UFC and street fighting you will like this . If you love watching street fighting you will like this . If you enjoy watching movies like that but are n't totally psyched about them then this may be a struggle to get through . I have seen worse , but I 'm pretty sure the budget was around 100 bucks . The fighting was pretty fake , the acting was not good , but again , if you like movies like this that does n't matter . This movie was made a few years ago , and like `` Bending All The Rules '' is only now coming out because an actor who is in it for five minutes -LRB- Tom Hardy in this one -RRB- is hot right now . Overall , a movie for people that love this kind of thing . If , like me , you think a few are OK then I would look for something else . I give it a C - . Would I watch again ? - No , I almost did n't make it through once . * Also try - Fighting & Locked Down
 I did n't like the movie and only bought it due to Tom Hardy being listed as an actor in the movie . He is lieterally in the movie for maybe 1 minute at most . Poor story , bad acting , crap movie .
 Terrible cinematography , slow paced , and boring movie . It looks like it was someone 's sophomore college project . I think I spent a dollar on the movie , and I feel like I got robbed .
 Nice video to watch him ride his beautiful Lusitano stallions . It would have been nice to also see him ride some ` problem horses ' in a clinic to see what a difference his style makes when he rides a horse with difficulties . Too many times one has to see the same pictures of him riding around his farm . Some of the interview sections were too long - the book explains it a lot better . If I buy a video I want to see more ` hands on ' material than talking . The 2 videos could have easily been combined into one and sold for less . $ 79 is definitely way overpriced for what you get .
 This whole series of videos is quite lovely visually , and Barbier deserves a lot of credit for standing up for the principles of the often-misunderstood Francois Baucher and getting out hte word about lightness and harmony in riding to many people who have seen only the abuses of competitive dressage . That said ... . the actual riding on these tapes is hand riding of the most severe variety , and while there are some very good things here , there are also many many things in the riding that it would be very sad to see people emulating . Enjoy the footage , enjoy the philosophy of lightness , enjoy the beautiful Lusitano horses ... . but please think long and hard -- and watch video of other classical riders for comparison -- before you actually do any of this stuff !
 I had high hopes for this Bluray as I love this movie . I figured a new AVC transfer would bring this disk back to life after suffering the SD DVD bad transferrs I already have.It was not to be . The movie is soft and washed out . There has been a large amount of electronic grain reduction undertaken that has bascially destroyed the PQ by sofetning the entire image and crushing the blacks in some scenes to the point where the picture look posterized.While still better than a DVD it is a disaster . Lionsgate should chastised for failing to use this bluray as an opportunity to present this movie as it should have been.If you take a look at the deleted scenes , you will see how good the transfer could have been . These are much better than the movie itself as the intense video processing to remove grain hasnt been done.Liongate , You wrecked this movie and are now on my watch list for future transfers which I have to investigate closely before spending my money on your product . You should be ashamed.On an up side note . The Audio quality is excellent with the PCM sound track.It worked first time in my Samsung 1200 Bluray player .
 Patrick Swayze has appeared in a number of worthwhile movies and some corny ones , too . Swayze 's two biggest pictures fall in that corny category - GHOST and , of course , DIRTY DANCING . Fans who like the actor in such silliness should take a look at his better films , including POINT BREAK , THE OUTSIDERS and ROADHOUSE , even if Ben Gazzarra upstaged him the latter .
 I 'm assuming that if you are looking to buy this title on DVD , you have seen it before or at least been told a lot about the movie ... So , I 'm not going to write about the story or anything like that . This is geared more towards a movie collector.The description on Amazon.com and the box itself indicates that this is just a great DVD for collectors . It has tons of extra features -LRB- which I know we all go for -RRB- Some of the features listed are featurettes , music videos , commentaries and the like . It , of course has all these , and more.However , Artisan apparently wanted to boost sales by printing a new DVD collector 's title but did n't want to put the money into it . ALL of the special features are of VERY poor video quality -LRB- most looking like they were encoded from a VHS tape -RRB- and the audio quality on these extras is n't much better . Very disappointing to say the least!To top it off , the movie itself is of less than good quality . Especially seeing that this film was `` remastered '' and rereleased a year or so ago ! The video quality is better than VHS , but no better than SVHS and it seemed to me that the contrast of the transfer was way to high . Things are blurry when they should n't be and the transfer , at times looks digitized -LRB- LOW bit rate to save space ! -RRB- The only decent things about this disc are the movie itself -LRB- I suppose I would still rather own this DVD copy than a VHS copy -RRB- and the AUDIO for the film sounds pretty good - not great , but pretty good.Basically , what I am saying is that if you really like this movie and are a DVD person like myself , buy it - but do n't expect to be awed by the presentation !
 I bought this blue-ray disc , it keeps on spinning -LRB- with the logo of a few wheels turning with the word `` Loading '' -RRB- , and never finish loading , and never get to the menu to play the content . Does anybody have the same problem ?
 Tchoh , this is one of those stupid movies that really annoys me . I mean , let 's get right down to it - it 's RUBBISH , OK ? Everyone knows it , yet mention it to a certain demographic of empty-headed girls and they all cluck and sigh and say how much they love it etc. . Fools.For the record , The Curmudgeon is not some stony-hearted macho man . Hey , probably my all time favourite movie is Wizard Of Oz . But we 're not here to talk about the good stuff , remember -LRB- read my profile -RRB- - only the bad . And oh man , is this ever bad.It 's not the dancing I resent - I do n't mind that . It 's some of the stupid plot devices that really grate on me , and they 're the ones that usually get the girls all gooey and resting their cheeks on their hands.Plot device one - Patrick Swayze blubs at the end of this movie because of all the sex he gets . Yep , he 's actually UPSET about the amount of MILFS he manages to pull in the job he has . `` They just use me '' , he sniffs . OH BOO HOO - Poor you . Sorry , we 're supposed to FEEL for this character ? Did those women FORCE him to bang them all ? Give me a break.Plot device two - one of the girls gets pregnant sleeping around . Whoops , well , that 's what happens . Nothing wrong with a bit of a moral in the tale here and there . But - girl gets abortion , so - abortion girl crys , the lead girl crys , Swayze looks `` deep '' - alright . But - NEXT SCENE -LRB- !! -RRB- Swayze and lead girl are in his house dancing - cue romantic music - cue first kiss - cue sex scene . Yes , nothing like an abortion to get you in the mood for more casual , pre-maritial sex . JUST the sort of thing we want to shove down the throats of the impressionable 12 year old girls watching . `` Nobody puts baby in the corner '' , quothe old plasticine face at the end . Fair enough - put this crap there instead , and crush it into oblivion.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 i do n't like dance movies in the first place , so it was really hard for me to enjoy this.actually , i did n't enjoy it .
 `` Nobody puts babay in a corner . '' That one line doomed an already bad film to the garbage heap .
 I must be one of the few people on the face of the planet that ca n't stand this movie . I do n't care about that fact either because nothing could convince me to put up with this boring old movie again . I had the misfortune of seeing this some time ago , and even more misfortune of seeing the stage show . Boring . I 'd rather pull my eyelashes out one by one or something equally as torturous . I know I 'm not going to convince many people about this mundane tired movie , but I feel better having said my peice and maybe I could save someone from the pain .
 Okay , now you know my alltime unfavorite 80 's movie . Sure its set in the early 60 's - then tell me why the hell are they dancing to 80 's songs ? I almost shelved Patrick Swayze after this one but he was redeemed by Roadhouse . This movie could only be enjoyed by a pack of prepublescent girls at a slumber party who are wondering what its like to lose their virginity . And am I the only one who thinks that Jennifer Gray is a total dog ? Sure she 's got a hot body but that face ! UGGG ! That is the one thing that kept this movie from scorring with the guys in my opinion . Skip it , rent roadhouse instead . Better plot , better chicks !
 I received my Dirty Dancing Keepsake edition DVD in a timely manner . Since I was busy with my job , I did n't get to view it right away . When I did play it on my laptop , only the 2nd DVD would play , the one with all the interviews and information on how they made the movie , etc. . I then went to play the actual movie and it would not play on my laptop . When I got home that night , I put the DVD in my TV/DVD player . Sure enough it would not play in that machine either.As of this writing , this issue has not yet been resolved with Amazon . I have purchased many movies through Amazon and this is the first time I 've ever run into a problem like this . Hopefully my Keepsake edition will be replaced soon and at no cost to me . Time will tell whether I purchase future movies at Amazon .
 I have notified amazon about this issue already . This NOT a Blu-ray Disk.The Collector 's Edition Blu-Ray Does not Exist.The Blu-Ray 20th Anniversary Edition Does ... Linked BelowDirty Dancing -LRB- 20th Anniversary Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The UPC Number for this DVD is 012236100027 . . http://www.upcdatabase.com/item/012236100027You will be very sad if you order this product thinking its the Blu-Ray Version . .
 Beware !!!! If you are a ` Dirty Dancing ' fan you will realize this edition has some scenes that are missing from the original movie . I 'm extremely disappointed in this DVD . I tried to find the edition that had all the scenes , knowing there was one like this out there . No one stated in the reviews that the movie had been edited . I watch this one anyway just because I do n't want to take a chance on ordering another one and have the same thing happen again . I would gladly pay the money for a complete movie , but no one seems to state this in the reviews . Order a different version !!!
 this film was okay but by no means worthy of all the hype.Jennifer Gray is a weak actress.as for Patrick Swayze he is a 2nd tier dancing John Travolta knock off.catchy but nothing that merits all the Love it got .
 Basically , a nice , wholesome girl from a good , caring family looses her virginity to a male prostitute , helps a female prostitute get an illegal abortion -LRB- which almost kills her -RRB- then WONDERS and is ANGRY about why her father is worried about her and does n't want her going near the aforementioned people.Well duh ... The soundtrack is decent ; I suppose that 's worth another star
 I ordered DVD Dirty Dancing expecting it to be used in Uk and find it is not compatible with UK player although purchased in GBP
 i ordered the `` dirty dancing '' dvd , the description online said it was the fullscreen version . when it arrived it was the widescreen version . i do not care for movies in the widescreen . i have checked back since i got my order and it is still being advertised as the `` fullscreen version . i love the movie and always have , that 's why i ordered it in dvd . i really think it should be advertised as it really is so other people do n't get the wrong product like i did
 The stab at Ayn Rand was the only really enjoyable part of this movie . The rest is just flatulance . The songs were good , but would n't you agree that they were a little too 80s to be part of the early 1960s ? Jennifer Grey is believable as the love-struck adolescent ; everyone else is so-so . If you want a good Patrick Swayze film , see `` Ghost . ''
 If you 've ever seen any truly inspired or exuberant dancing you 'll find this film very run of the mill . The script is very predictable with characters that are n't particulary sympathic or endearing.To see some good dancing check out ` Dance with Me ' with Chayanne and Vanessa Williams .
 when we recieved this product it looked ok , but when it was played , it skipped , we were not happy at all , cost too much to return so take it for its worth , ty and no , i didnt try to contact the dealer , maybe they would have maDE IT GOOD TY MUCH
 I have a Samsung Blu-Ray , and the BR disc of the 20th Anniversary version of Dirty Dancing . The picture quality of the movie is just awful , particularly on the indoor scenes . Faces and backgrounds were almost fuchsia , almost always . I did not adjust my TV color , since all of the `` extras '' , including extended scenes , outtakes , and deleted scenes were perfect quality . What a pity . My first BR disc purchase and such a disappointment . The manufacturer should be ashamed.Dirty Dancing -LRB- 20th Anniversary Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 I ordered , paid and the movie did n't download , never got to watch it . One of my favorite movies . Was going to watch while husband was hunting , we were camping in our new camper , camp site had Internet we were connected to everything , email , Iheart , but could n't get movie : -LRB-
 I like the movie . But this recording is terrible.It is NOT 1080p , and the sound is mostly mono .
 First , the movie , the story , the characters are all wonderful , they get 5 stars . This Blu-ray , it gets a 1 star -LRB- I wish I could give it less -RRB- . A common issue with early blu-ray discs are lack of qualtiy . The color , graininess and `` WIDESCREEN '' on this Blu-ray are all a joke . Talking to the people who did the work on this Blu-ray ; if you 're going to transfer garbage then all you 're going to get is 1080p , hi-def garbage ! Whoever did the work on this Blu-ray release does not know what they are doing and most likely did not care . The skin tones go from just OK to bright pink and even orange -LRB- we 're talking skin tones that would make an Oompa-loompa jealous -RRB- . The transfer is also dark , lacking all the great details that the movie is known for , leaving those of us who watch this film with a less than full -LRB- forget about `` BEYOUND HIGH DEFINITION '' -RRB- experience . The graininess on every version of this film is bad and this Blu-Ray is no exception , it is very distracting . Then , finally , the `` WIDESCREEN '' part of my review , the back of the Blu-ray tells us that it is 16x9 or 1.85.1 - DUH ! The thing is Blu-ray , of course it is widescreen ! Not to mention that they stretched the whole thing , the people look like they 've all been on a mid-evil torture device.My advice is to stick with the `` Ultimate '' version of the movie on DVD and watch it though your Blu-ray player 's up-converter feature . You will end up with a much more enjoyable experience
 Was it the long polka-dot hot pink shirt with the belt around it ? Was it the leotards ? Was it `` The Time of My Life , '' Johnny 's final number ? I ca n't remember , but at some point you remember that this is n't really the '60s . Oh , it was Baby 's hair . Nobody puts her Aqua Net in the corner!I watched this flick for the first time ever , after having some weird compulsion that told me that everyone else in my generation had seen it . Now I know why I should have seen it when it came out - when I was in elementary school.Can anyone actually call this a good movie with a straight face ? Now , I know I risk getting `` unhelpful '' votes because of my unpopular opinion , but you got ta realize that a 25-year-old man in 2004 may not have the same sort of feelings a 14-year-old girl would have in 1987 . This movie is silly , unrealistic , and lacks any real conflict . I waited almost two hours to hear Swayze 's most famous line . I was surprised that Baby was literally sitting in the corner . Maybe she likes to see everybody . I always sit in the corner in restaurants.Anyway , I 'm giving it 2 stars for 2 reasons
 Not sure why none of the reviews are actually for the Ultimate version ? They all seem to be for the basic Dirty Dancing no frills dvd versions . Anyhow , my review is for what 's actually in the title here which is Dirty Dancing Ultimate Edition . Unfortunately this versin is frilless as the extra cd you get is filled w / useless crap that is of total uninterest . You get footage of Jennifer Grey 's screen test which while neat to see for a coupel min ... It goes on forever and gets real boring very fast . I 'd rather had seen Patricks , but that 's not even an option . Then there are a few interviews one beign JG and the other are behidn the scenes people along w / oen other actress in the film and they go on and on for so long that I lost interest after 15 min or so . Other then that the rest is simply the trailer for the film , a coupel music videos and that 's it ! I wanted out takes , interviews w / Patrick as well as Jen and his screen tests etc. . . Not all this filler crap that 's of zero entertainment value . Love this film as I have seen it well into the 100 's at this point counting the numerous times I saw it when it came out in theaters . Do n't pay extra for the Ultimate edition . Luckily I got mine for cheaper then if just buying the regular version off ebay so I wasted no money .
 Ordered for delivery for Christmas but after order was told it would not be delivered by Christmas . It was confirmed at purchase time to be delivered before Christmas . Now I have to go back out and find it in a store and then try and return this one to Amazon . Not much fun ...
 i was disappointed ... i wanted widescreen presentation ... i got full screen ... very very angry of you ... . the box said widescreen movie . . the best way to see any movie ... i love this movie . .
 Dvd does not work in my samsung blu-ray player ... . Just keeps trying to load ... Very disappointed . Would have order a replacement , but saw that somebody else had the same issue . So why bother.JUST WANTED TO LET EVERYBODY KNOW WHO HAD THIS PROBLEM THAT THE DVD DOES WORK . YOU HAVE TO GO TO SAMSUNG 'S WEBSITE AND DO THE UPDATE FOR YOUR BLU-RAY PLAYER . AFTER WE DID THE UPDATE BLU-RAY DVD WORKED GREAT .
 I think the title is enough said but never received movie and no contact to refund or fix the problem until i filed claim with amazon !
 I sent this as a gift and did not realize that the disc was blueray and the recipient could not play it o her machine . Had re-sell it and wil have to get another one . I have seen the movie many times and have always enjoyed it .
 On 4/13/09 I ordered 2 dvds -LRB- Flashdance and Dirty Dancing -RRB- . I received Flashdance almost immediately , but to this day , I have never received Dirty Dancing . I just received my bank statement this week and Amazon withdrew funds for both movies -LRB- Flashdance - $ 6.43 / Dirty Dancing - $ 22.94 -RRB- on 4/14/09 . Please help me straighten this out.Laurie Mobilia
 We 'd heard this show was hilarious , so I bought it . If you liked PoliceSquad and the related movies , When Things Were Rotten and other Mel Brooksworks , you may find this amusing . If those do n't tickle your funny bone , andyou 're still curious about this show , I recommend renting or borrowing itfirst . There were a few lines here and there and only a couple of scenesthat were funny . Most of it was so predictable , we were falling asleep . Toomany times they worked a gag to death so that what little humor there was inthe beginning was long gone and we wanted them to move on . The actors werefine in their roles . We can enjoy a good parady , but did n't find this showto be in that catagory .
 I borrowed Medusa 's Tae-Kickbox Workout DVD from a friend who did not recommend it , and did NOT want me to return the DVD to her . After trying the workout , I was so disgusted that I simply threw the DVD away . Champion kickboxer does not equal good instructor . Medusa needs to work on her timing , cuing , instructional explanations , and choreography .
 Mr. Barbier 's Mastering the Basics video was an audio delight . His attitude and approach to lightness and partnership can serve to be an inspirational message to trainers who struggle daily with horses that , through previous forceful methodology , have become lumbering , difficult and resistant . Unfortunately the visual elements of this particular video , at best do not compliment and at worst mock the enlightening narration . His horses appear compressed and over-bent and traveling too much sideways to deliver a light ride . His instruction , although pleasant to listen to , is unproductive and his riding seems thoroughly contradictory to what he is saying . I have had the pleasure of watching his previous videos and they are far superior to this decimation of what used to be the purity of his French Classical work . I fear he has sold out in order to be more commercial . I hope this is not true .
 This is a fascinating collection of really beautiful animated films.Unfortunately , they are marred by some very obtrusive English subtitles , which CA N'T BE SWITCHED OFF , they are rendered into the video stream.This is deeply upsetting , because the value of the films is in their visual impact , not their text , and the ugly subtitles are ALL OVER the frame .
 I satisfied my curiosity by viewing Disc 1 , and can see why this series might be of major interest to historians or those wanting to learn more about the Cold War . On the other hand . The Soviets were not very good cartoonists , and their propaganda is so sterotyped and heavy handed as to be a complete turnoff . As a result , this compilation is apt to be a large bore to contemporary viewers . On the other hand , Russian citizens in the mid-twentieth century may have been more receptive.In my memory , American propaganda in the visual arts never portrayed the Soviets in such a crude , unsophisticated fashion . The German Nazis , however , protrayed them in cartoons as bestial and rapacious barbarians
 I probably would not have had a problem with this product if I was at least alerted to the production quality and the price was much lower . I returned the item for a full refund . I did n't watch the whole thing ... it seemed like it may have been ok . However , I am not going to pay $ 22 -LRB- more then the price of a Hollywood movie -RRB- for a DVD that was made in someones basement . This DVD is not commercially made , it was burned in someones PC . You can see the burn marks on the back of the store bought blank DVD . There is a poor quality ink jet printed label stuck to the front of the DVD . Poor quality or not , you should not even put ` sticker ' labels on DVDs as they can cause them to be out of balance and not play properly in some machines . The DVD case are was equally poor in quality . The teaching may have been decent but I would not pay more then about $ 7-8 for a homemade video . So my rating has to be a low 2 stars . What really made me mad is that there is no mention in the product description that this is not a commercial DVD .
 Usally , the movies I order from you are very good . I liked this movie but , the quality of the dvd was very poor .
 This is the worst copy I have received in my shopping experince . Very bad contrast , washed out picture . I have a vcr tape with better quality . Fathers little dividend .
 The recording of film is extremely poor . Its hard to make out the people , makes me thing twice before ordering again .
 I wish I 'd seen this site before I purchased this beloved classic . I would n't take this DVD from Alpha Video if they gave it away for free . They should be made to return the money of all who purchased it . I am sincere in stating that the picture/sound quality is less than a 3 . The movie itself deserves so much better than this trash release . The one star I 've given is only for the movie content -LRB- which itself is 5 star -RRB-
 Pick another version at all costs ! My wife wanted this movie since she loved the first one so much . She had read somewhere that this version was very good and she could not have been more wrong . The transfer is horribly washed out . Needless to say we will NEVER purchase a SYNERGY version again.I wish I could give it 0 Stars.Too bad a good movie was ruined by such a lousy DVD . UGH !
 This is a great movie but the quality of the this DVD is horrible ! I got it for my collection of oldie but goodie movies and was disappointed when I sat down to watch it over the holidays . Do not buy this DVD from this particular company . Amazon should really remove it because it reflects badly on their reputation . I would not have given it star but the website requires it .
 I love this movie , but this is the worst quality DVD I have EVER seen . I am SO disappointed . Why is such a terrible version out there to purchase as a `` new '' DVD ? It 's so clearly a copy of a copy of a copy of the film .
 Father 's Little Dividendthe quality of the dvd was terrible . some of the movie was cut out -LRB- i have it on vhs -RRB- it was the first time i was not happy with a purchase .
 poorest quality I have ever seen . . was shocked to see and know that Amazon is selling shoddy materials ... bad bad bad . . do not waste your money on this DVD
 I have loved this movie for years but was disappointed in the horrible quality of this DVD . Unfortunately there is not a decent DVD of this movie on the market . The film quality is so bad that the movie is really painful to watch ! I hope someone is able to correct this situation and produce a quality DVD of this movie . Spencer Tracy , Elizabeth Taylor and the rest of the cast give a loving and funny portrayal of bringing a baby into the world . I will miss not having it in my film library and will rely on catching it on TCM when I can .
 I 'm very disappointed with this DVD . It looks like a third generation copy of a well used VHS to DVD very poor quality . I had been looking for this for awhile and now my hunt is on again . You should be ashamed putting out such a product .
 This dvd looked like a bootleg copy ten times removed . I could barely make out the facial features or still items like flowers on a table . THis could not have been an original copy of the movie . Will not return because it would cost more to send it back to importdvd . I gave it one star because it arrived very quickly .
 I love this movie . However , this DVD has such poor film quality that it makes it hard to watch . It looks like the DVD was made from a film that had been watched too many times . I was very disappointed .
 First the film it 's self . It just had too much to live up to . I always laugh a lot watching the first film . All involved were in top form . And were working from a great script . Grins are about all I get here . Everyone tries but the script is WEAK . Ms. Taylor was so beautiful that I enjoyed just watching her and Mr. Tracy was one of the VERY BEST there has ever been . But just that wo n't make up for the thin script . Now the DVD transfer . The color is so bad everything looks pastel when any color other than green can be decerned . I watched this on a home theatre system and the sound was nothing special but alright . On a regular t.v. it would be pretty sub-par .
 Father 's Little Dividend , 1951 filmThe father talks about his life . His mortgage is paid off , what is next ? Stanley has plans for a vacation with his wife Elly . They visit their newly married daughter for a family event . Stanley is grumpy -LRB- some hidden fault ? -RRB- . The talk tells about the characters . Has life passed him by ? Will over-exercise help him ? -LSB- The talks is supposed to be funny . -RSB- Will their daughter and son-in-law move in with them ? Or the husband 's family ? But Buckley got a mortgage for a house in a new development . -LSB- How many newlyweds want to live with their in-laws ? -RSB- Elly and Stanley visit the new house . We see the gifts for the nursery . What will they name the baby ? -LSB- More comedy . -RSB- We see why the young couple do n't live with in-laws ! How will they raise the baby ? The Doctor recommends closeness between mother and child . -LSB- Still true today ? -RSB- There is a crisis in the middle of the night . They had a fight and Kay left . `` An argument ? '' Is there a lack of trust ? Will they make up ? -LSB- Yes , they have to fill up the time for this movie . -RSB- A phone call tells Kay is at the hospital . Elly speeds to the hospital . -LSB- A car chase to add action . -RSB- It 's a boy . There are scenes at home . The baby cries when Stanley is near . Elly and Stanley become babysitters . Their lives change . `` Six o'clock ! '' Young boys play soccer at the park . Stanley gets involved . Who moved the baby carriage ? There is drama here . The name of the baby is Stanley Banks Dunstan.This is a sequel to the earlier film `` Father of the Bride '' . Its not much of a comedy or drama , but Hollywood 's view of American life at that time . The story avoids the other events of that era . Only fans of these movie actors would enjoy this film . Was `` Elly '' too young for this family ? An older Joan Bennett could n't play the roles as in `` The Woman in the Window '' or `` Scarlet Street '' , both better dramas .
 If you are thinking of getting this dvd , you might as well use your cash as toilet paper , because that is what you will be getting when you buy this , if you get my drift .
 Very disappointed . While one of my favorite movies , it was almostunwatchable due to the poor audio and video . It was almost as if it were a tenth generation copy from a poor original . I will not buy anything else produced by this company .
 How to ruin a perfectly marvelous movie ? Make a poor quality DVD . The picture is so washed out most details are lost and the sound so low I had to turn up the volume to 99 just to hear it whisper . THIS DVD IS VERY BAD ! Please just record this gem the next time it comes on TCM and save your money . It is a shame such a wonderful film has been treated in such a poor manner .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies ... the sequel to Father of the Bride with all the same cast back again . However what a mess this DVD is . The quality is horrible . Some scenes are so lightened up you ca n't even see faces ! Parts of the movie were also cut out , such as when Liz Taylor is sitting in the swing with Spencer Tracy outside while her new house is being built . You can also see cuts and scratches in the film . I also bought Father of the Bride on DVD at the same time and what a difference ! The quality is wonderful ! I guess that is becuase it was released by Warner Brothers and not some 2 bit unknown company . I hope Warner Brothers will put out of a copy of this great movie some day ! Until then I will content myself with the VHS version I taped off of a cable movie channel 10 years ago !!
 The first time I saw this movie , it was on TV . I remembered enjoying it very much . This led to my purchasing the DVD . I was , however , very disappointed in the DVD . The quality of the recording was so bad I gave up half way through the movie . The picture quality was poor and the sound was even worse . It was difficult to understand the dialogue . I am sorry to report this . I was hoping for so much more .
 I bought the movie Father 's Little Dividend from Amazon made by Alpha Video . The picture was almost all bright light and the sound was terrible too . It was like a copy of a copy of a copy . I wo n't buy from Amazon again if I should receive another such poor quality product . I suggest to Amazon not to do business with Alpha Video .
 MGM in 1979 failed to renew the copyright on this movie , and all DVD releases of Father 's Little Dividend are bad copies -LRB- including , but not limited to , Madacy , Delta , and Alpha -RRB- . DO NOT BUY , THE QUALITY IS WORSE THAN VHS , THE VIDEO AND AUDIO ARE SERIOUSLY FLAWED.Please write to Warner Home Video -LRB- formerly known as MGM/UA -RRB- and ask them to release Father 's Little Dividend to DVD .
 This is a wonderful movie that I love watching . However , this version has the worst sound quality I have ever heard . The picture is fine , but the sound constantly goes up and down and even squeals at times . Either I got a bad DVD or all of the DVD 's from this set are bad . I would not buy the DVD because of the sound .
 DO NOT buy this DVD . Another inferior product by Madacy
 I love this movie . I have the VHS version and wanted it on DVD . However , I will be keeping my VHS . This copy is dreadful . It is unviewable . I will never buy from Alpha Video again .
 DO NOT BUY THIS DVD from SYNERGY ENT . The quality of reproduction was not even a consideration in the manufacturing of this product . This copy is unwatchable and almost painful to view . Save your time and money on this one . SYNERGY , are all of your offerings of this quality ? If so , perhaps you should consider another occupation .
 Before you purchase this disc , be sure that your receiver will decode its soundtrack . The only soundtrack available on the disc is DTS-HD . Because I 'm using an older surround processor , I ca n't play it because there is no sound . I 'm not planning on running out to purchase a new processor just so that I can watch one disc .
 I was SO dissapointed recieving my new Swan Lake DVD ; a HD DVD ... I have no HD DVD player and I did not notice that is was a HD movie ... I really suggest that Amazon warn about the format - HD ... who has a HD DVD player these days ???
 I was very excited when I received this one in the mail . Having been a long-time and old school Bjork and Sugarcubes fan , I could n't wait to see Bjork 's movie debut . Her performance was not in question , but the script and direction were my main problems with it . First of all , I would 've preferred Icelandic with English subtitles . It was all in English . The mood was dark and odd , which really was enhanced by the film being in black and white . Far too much information was left up to the viewer to decide on . Most of the action was talked about in past tense in bad voiceovers while showing barren landscapes . The plot suffered due to the director trying to be too artsty . So constantly , I had to keep adding in scenes in my head that were never there . Ugh ! The movie had a cold realism and a grim fairy tale type ending . It was not horrible , but my copy of this immeadiately was listed on ebay after I watched it .
 `` The Juniper Tree '' features Bj&ouml;rk 's first attempt at acting ; though the movie is not very good , it is definitely worth taking a look at if only just to see Bj&ouml;rk as a young actress ! I would only recommend this movie to true Bjork fans !
 Movie is entirely in black and white . Very little dialogue . Very artsy . I had to watch it 5 times before I saw it all . Your not missing anything . Bjork is the only reason I watched , and even she was n't enough . Without her I would have given 1 star . Get `` dancer in the dark '' instead .
 As an avid -LRB- or rabid -RRB- Bjork fan , I was hoping that her usual creativeness would show in this movie , but I was in for a surprise . The movie is extremely long and boring , not to mention drab in its presentation . There is little dialogue , little acting , and it is hard to watch all the way through .
 ... Now , I 've the utmost respect for Bjork 's music and acting skills . Granted , she is decent enough in this . But this film would never have been released in the USA if she was n't in it . ...
 Where to start ... . I give this film credit for the fact that it is a tiny budget independent film and therefore should be viewed as one . As a film maker myself being a small film does not excuse bad cinematography , scripting , sound design , direction and production . The performances are quite strong particularly bjork 's and lets face it nobody would watch this film had she not appeared in it . The thing that made this messy film even worse was the special features on the dvd ! Sometimes they are better left off the disk , trust me . The interview with the writer/director is cringe worthy at the very least and the so called deleted scenes , well who cares ! Seriously there is a shot of a bird with the directors voice over saying `` It was a bird from a zoo '' . Big deal , it 's just sitting in a tree that shot was achievable anywhere at any time . When questioned as to what this film is about this director has no idea about her own subject matter , it just sounds like she wanted to go to iceland . As far as researching this project for almost a full year , well it sounds like a pretensious university lecturer living off grants . Unfortunately this woman is what keeps independent film makers down and had that money been given to someone competant a great film could have been made . basically this is a shocker but the actors are great .
 I bought this video looking for detailed instruction on training and riding . I got 2 hours of narcisism . Barbier 's training philosiphy is no different than any of the popular trainers in the last 20 years -LRB- think Parelli with a French accent -RRB- . The first tape dealt with lounging . I was disappointed in the lack of detail . For instance , he talked about adjusting the side-rein correctly but never told you what exactly the correct length should be . There was no talk of correct bend and to my eye neither horse particularly bent or rounded fully . I had greater hopes when it came to tape 2 , which was in-hand work . This one blew my mind however . It covered teaching shoulder-in . Shoulder-in on a circle and on a square . Nothing on how this transitions to other movements . Nothing on how to transition to working from the saddle -LRB- other than visualization -RRB- . He added the need for gentle dominance to his kinder gentler schpiel . There were lovely shots of him riding his horses and doing advanced moves but no hints as to what those moves were or how to achieve them . How do you transition from shoulder-in to the elegant collected walk he was doing ? The answer is through many intermediate steps , which were never even alluded to . Basically , these two tapes could have and should have been condensed into one 30 minute tape . I was not only disappointed in the lack of information and detail but for $ 80 felt robbed as well .
 `` Little Laura and Big John '' is a story based on the actual life of notorious Floridian prohibition gangster John Ashley . Starring Fabian Forte as Ashley and Karen Black as his partner in crime Laura , this film fails on every level . Mod hair Fabian in an eye patch rules the Everglades ruthlessly , engaging in rum running , illicit alcohol , and bank robberies , hiding out in the swamp with his gang and Black . On the other side of the law is character actor and future `` Breakfast Club '' star Paul Gleason , who always gets his man . You 'd think with a setup like that that this would be an exciting movie . How wrong you would be.This film is one of the most gratuitously plodding pieces of cinema I have ever seen . Much of the film is extremely dark , and the acting varies from decent to wholly inadequate
 This forgettable entry in the gangster genre starred teen idol Fabian as John Ashley and Karen Black as his wife Laura - with an early appearance by character actor Paul Gleason -LRB- Principal Vernon fromThe Breakfast Club -RRB- - and has all the cringe-inducing affectations of 70 's cinema with none of the quirky plot or character elements to raise it at least to the level of fun cheese . As an industry term , `` Cheese '' is probably pushing the envelope , but it 's that peculiar combination of script , bad acting , goofy effects , and ridiculous style that can sometimes come together and elevate a film from the past up beyond any of its intended , intrinsic worth and into the realm of unintentional entertainment . If you are old enough to have pictures of yourself from 30-40 years ago , and have ever pulled them down and laughed over them with others , then you 'll have a pretty good understanding of what I 'm talking about . If you enjoy that sort of thing , then many of the Crown International Picture presentations gathered together onSavage Cinema
 This D-Day 2 disc set is basically some old US Government 1944/45 news and documentary films put together without any cleaning up of the aged and faded film . It has been combined with a narration by the same rather uninteresting voice.Although the set does give a lot of interesting information on D-Day and it 's subsequent battles , many picures are faded with age and other more recent modern day documentaries are much better viewing.Other documentary films like The World At War or World War Two in color have much better picture quality than this old set and are much better buys .
 The title sounds great but the documentary is lousy . The whole show is in black and white and colour as stated in here . I sold it on ebay only three days after getting the DVD show how bad the show is .
 Do n't let the picture on the cover fool you . This is NOT Zorro ! This is the Lone Ranger dressed in black with a goofy mask , and with two six guns and a whip . He does n't even have a sword !!! I 'm sorry , this baloney with cowboys riding around on horses with six shooters like the old west , and other people driving around in cars dressed in 1930 's and 40 's suits and clothing just does n't do it for me . Never has . And this crock about how he is the real Zorros ' great grandson . Phooey ! Only one star because I ca n't give it minus stars . TOTAL JUNK !! I waited with great excitement for this thing too ! And shame on who ever put that picture on the cover . And even more shame on who ever let them do it ! Very misleading . Scumbags !!!
 We really tried to watch this but the sound was so bad , it could n't be understood at all .
 Me and a couple of my peeps just happen to catch this movie during as it was playing . We was like what the f@#$!!?!?! Is this a porn ? Then we saw some of the chicks and the settings ... Somebody said this place is in some ghetto backwards A$ $ town in south Carolina ... Maybe in Decatur ga.Sure enough thats where it was . My boy stated he might even know some of the chicks in this video.You ever seen a movie soo bad it was good ? This aint one of 'em . The acting is poor , the lighting is terrible.These chicks took two steps forward , eleven steps back in their actig careers . This movie is an embarrassment to African American women ... waitaminute i mean all women ... everywhere.Actually its so bad its laughable . -LRB- see plan 9 from outer space -RRB- And thats why you have to see it . And its over TWO HOURS LONG !!!!!!!!! By the way this is not the worst African American movie ever made RAP WAR ONE is.My advice to the director is this . Side peices and family members cant make a great movie . Unless you uncle is Samuel Jackson.To the Ladies in this flick , you are Beautiful ... with the exception you three are barely c cups -LRB- see cover picture -RRB- . Take my advice . . GET IMPLANTS AND TAKE ACTING CLASSES NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a total waste of time and money . It 's the most superficial and useless video I have ever seen . I threw it in the trash .
 I will never understand the praise this film often receives . I 'm not saying the folks praising it are wrong . I 'm just saying I do n't get it . I 'm sorry , but , ANY slasher film featuring such an embarassingly inept use of the top half of a stiff-armed female mannequin -LRB- it 's bad enough it 's half a mannequin , but , to make matters worse , it 's facing the wrong way -RRB- is n't going to get a rave review from me . If so , then I 'd have to give rave reviews to Andy Milligan movies . I feel STAGEFRIGHT embraces many of the dated excesses that films like BLADE IN THE DARK and TENEBRAE tread on the edge of . The early MTV-ish stagey-ness , the -LRB- and I do n't often say this -RRB- distractingly homely , overly-made-up actresses . The awkward find-your-mark-so-you-can-be-murdered direction , the dreadful choreography ... -LRB- but , then , ANY choreography would feel out of place to me -RRB- I pity STAGEFRIGHT , because it does try to be a bit different and ambitious , it has its -LRB- fleeting -RRB- effective sequences -LRB- the assault in the rainstorm , the catwalk pursuit -RRB- , the killer 's mask is rather nightmarishly unsettling , and the feathers-in-the-air final confrontation is deliciously over the top . It 's just not a just-squeaks-by-despite-its-limitations movie as far as I 'm concerned . And there 's way too much BAAAAAAAAD screaming .
 These are good videos , no doubt . Hype Williams was a big influence for people like Paul Hunter and Little X . But this whole set is disappointing and predictable . Why must he give us the videos that we 've all seen a million times before and can still see today on BET or MTV ? How many times have we seen TLC 's `` No Scrubs '' and Jay-Z 's `` Big Pimpin ' '' ? Where 's all of the lesser-known works like Jay-Z 's `` Ca n't Knock the Hustle ? '' Where 's R. Kelly 's `` I Ca n't Sleep Baby -LRB- remix -RRB- '' ? Lin ` Que 's `` Let It Fall '' ? Any Missy videos ? I was geeked to see Wu-Tang Clan 's `` Can It Be All So Simple '' but was upset because they cut the preview of the `` Wu-Tang Clan Ai n't Nuttin ... '' video with `` coming soon '' shown at the bottom . And the interview with Hype was pretty dull . You 're better off taping these videos off the TV ; at least then you 'll get the uncensored version of `` No Scrubs '' -LRB- they block out the `` a '' and `` h '' words on here -RRB- .
 Im very disappointed with this company service . I have yet to recieve my product . I ordered it about 3 weeks ago and counting .
 This show flat out sucks . The first few seasons were good . They had good jokes , that relied on the situation and were smart . Now it 's all about shock value . Family Guy are you even trying anymore ?
 Hubby and I have been fans for years and I usually get him the latest volume for Christmas each year . Volume 8 was kinda lame , and this one was worse . I have told him not to expect another season for the upcoming Christmas as it 's all just getting kinda boring .
 Gave 2 stars just because it is Family Guy & Uncensored . Now that I read other reviews , I guess I 'm late to complain , buying `` Volume 9 '' expecting Season 9 and getting a mixture of `` 8 '' & `` 9 '' , seems now the standard of the studios squeezing ever so tighter . You ca n't get a refund after it 's opened and I already own Season 8 , but I least got 2 episodes from Season 9 . In any case , this is what you get
 Am i missing something here , or is this volume missing episodes ? The following episodes are not included in this volume
 I have loved family guy since it first came out in '99 but the last few years it has really gone sour for me . it doesnnt seem to be as much about humor as it is about shock value . How many times is a bunch of cussing and blood really funny ? I felt like the stewie vs lois episodes went especially too far . Its all about seth mcfarlane pushing his political views and beliefs through the brian charachter . Also this whole stewie being gay hint hint is a little weird and so is the fact that brian has sex with women even more disturbing . i really dont seee it going more than a few years . they have run out of humor .
 I 've been coming to this title for over a year , and still no release date . Is this some kind of marketing experiment to see how many people will order something with no promise of release ? Well , I 'm not one of them . I 'm just one who 's very annoyed because I want to watch this blasted DVD . What 's the friggin hold up ???
 I pre-ordered Family Guy Volume 9 MORE THAN A YEAR ago , went through the multiple non-updates of my order , and then got charged more than what it is currently on sale for on Amazon !!! REALLY ?!!! Does it really take more than a year to get 14 -- I said FOURTEEN -- episodes of old material out on DVD ?! The mark of a dying franchise -LRB- TV , movies , music , books , etc. -RRB- is when they start screwing their truly loyal fans for money . I 'd say Family Guy is ... dead . I have n't even opened this yet . I might just light a match to it and save myself any more aggravation .
 These are good videos , no doubt . Hype Williams was a big influence for people like Paul Hunter and Little X . But this whole set is disappointing and predictable . Why must he give us the videos that we 've all seen a million times before and can still see today on BET or MTV ? How many times have we seen TLC 's `` No Scrubs '' and Jay-Z 's `` Big Pimpin ' '' ? Where 's all of the lesser-known works like Jay-Z 's `` Ca n't Knock the Hustle ? '' Where 's R. Kelly 's `` I Ca n't Sleep Baby -LRB- remix -RRB- '' ? Lin ` Que 's `` Let It Fall '' ? Any Missy videos ? I was geeked to see Wu-Tang Clan 's `` Can It Be All So Simple '' but was upset because they cut the preview of the `` Wu-Tang Clan Ai n't Nuttin ... '' video with `` coming soon '' shown at the bottom . And the interview with Hype was pretty dull . You 're better off taping these videos off the TV ; at least then you 'll get the uncensored version of `` No Scrubs '' -LRB- they block out the `` a '' and `` h '' words on here -RRB- .
 Im very disappointed with this company service . I have yet to recieve my product . I ordered it about 3 weeks ago and counting .
 Green Chimneys is an RTC/abuse mill in Brewster NY . Dr. Samuel B. Ross Jr. made his living by promoting animals . This whole dvd is about lauding him and saying that animals cure every thing . Animals were more important than the kids who were sent to Green Chimneys . Animals were not abused . Kids were . You can read about Eric Napoletano inMama 's Boy
 For everyone and anyone who is interested in this non-profit organization . Please continue your research into this org . There is a facebook page `` Green Chimney Survivors '' as well as a Petition online to get Green Chimneys closed for good . There are multiple accounts from children in the 70 's up until the 2000 's about massive abuse by Rich King and the founder Mr. Ross as well as many others . We all know after the scandals in the Catholic Church that coming forward after years of abuse is difficult , especially when it took place at an idyllic place like Green Chimneys . If any of these accounts-if even ONE-is true-Green Chimneys needs to be held accountable . Unfortunately , very horrible things can happen at places where very wonderful things can occur as well . But people need to start asking questions.I too loved and love the ideas of this place , however after reading the accounts online , I can not turn a blind eye . Eric Lau , Philip Zagarella and Eric Napoletano are 3 dangerous men who raped and killed people and all came from Green Chimneys . `` All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . '' ~ Edmund BurkePlease I beg anyone reading this post , do n't do nothing .
 The video on this DVD looks like it is squashed vertically . Everybody looks short and fat . I tried different picture display modes on my DVD player and TV set but they do n't provide vertical stretching . I do n't understand how they could release this DVD with that annoying condition .
 I worked at a video store and played this film , which the musical score which they changed on this dvd ... ruined that horror classic feel that the original score had which made it scary , i just scene in tower another edition released thats uncut which should be alot better , it was just released .
 DO NOT for any reason buy the Anchor Bay 30th anniversary DVD of Night Of The Living Dead ! The makers have trashed it completly.They added new footage -LRB- shot in ' 98 , by the way -RRB- and a new Halloween-like music score.Both of which add nothing to what is a classic better left alone.To be honest , I coud n't even sit through more than 10 mins.of this new version , or the commentary by 4 people I wont name but should be ashamed of themselves.There is no explanation for why they felt the need to change the film in any way.I figured if they did n't discuss it while the footage was playing they would n't so I gave up.Oh yeah the disc also has a so called 1998 90 minute edit , which is actually the original version , but with the annoying new score.Again , piontless.I got ripped off 20 bucks , and I would feel bad trying to pawn it off on someone else , so I 'm trashing it and buying the Elite Entertainment DVD , the one it turns out I wanted in first place Buy it as well and dont let this happen to you .
 If Ed Wood was still alive he could n't even get excited about the new scenes in this film . If you are a fan of night of the living dead buy the elite dvd but stay far away from the special edition . The new scenes add nothing to the story and actually detract from it . Russo 's direction in the new scenes is about as exciting and creative as a wet sponge . The new scenes are poorly written and the acting is even worse . I was really looking forward to this and was terribly disappointed . View at your own risk - stomach aches , nausea , vomiting could be the result at seeing a master piece of a horror movie butchered courtesy of Russo and friends .
 This 30th Anniversary Edition is pathetic . New scenes were added , new music was added , the film was re-edited and changed . Each and every one of these things made it worse . Please search out the proper original version of this film that George A Romero directed . -LRB- try the Elite DVD for example -RRB- Avoid this one .
 someone who reads this review and is a fan of the original NOTLD and its sequels `` dawn of the dead '' and `` day of the dead '' , is probably wondering if i was crazy when giving this film only a 2 star rating . i 'd agree that i would be crazy for giving the original 1968 version of this film only a 2 star rating , but i am not rating the original version , i 'm critiquing the special 30th anniversary re-issue of the film.if you have been fortunate enough not to see this version , you 're probably wondering what the big difference between the original and this one is . and believe me there is a BIG difference.if you 're reading this , i 'm just going to assume that you 've seen the original version of the film so i do n't have to give a big long summary . if you 've never seen NOTLD and have no clue as to what i 'm talking about in this review , i apologize . please do n't let it stop you from seeing the original version of this cinematic masterpiece.anyway , to those who have been long term fans of the series let me say this
 I love the original 1968 version , and I was worried when I heard news of the `` Special Edition '' version being made . After viewing it , I lost all respect for the people involved , with the exception of Romero , who obviously had nothing to do with this rape of a classic . Judging from some of the reviews posted , many view it the same , and it looks as if some of the crew posted their own biased reviews . Someone stated that the new score was `` very very good '' . I beg to differ . The score sounds cheap and unimaginative , even to the point of ripping off some of the Phantasm theme in parts . I wo n't both asking why the moronic composer was allowed to act in this , but my only question is this . . Why did they shoot the new footage on such a clear sunny day and try to mesh that with the moody overcast sky of the original ? Stay away form this one , unless you love terrible acting , dull music , weak writing , and terrible directing . I am completely disapointed , and will never watch anything that Russo and company are involved with . Shame on them .
 I first saw Night of the Living Dead when I was nine during its original theatrical run . I rented it on 16mm film during college to show on campus . I saw it theatrically again in 1983 -LRB- on a double bill with Invasion of the Flesh Hunters -RRB- , and it was the first prerecorded VHS tape I ever bought . I even bought -LRB- and quickly discarded -RRB- the colorized version . I have owned , over the years , at least 6 VHS versions , and now have the Elite laser pressing . For a requirement for my Master 's degree , I compiled an annotated bibliography of works about the film . I know this movie pretty well , and this 30th anniversary edition ranks right up with the colorized version as one of the most ill-conceived `` enhancement '' projects in the history of video . As the bumper sticker says , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' John Russo should take these words to heart . His new scenes add nothing interesting to the film . Does it matter that the cemetary zombie was an electrocuted murderer ? Does it help that we have several new `` featured '' zombies -LRB- to use Russo 's term -RRB- that do n't interact with anything in the original footage ? And why did Russo write a character as obnoxious as the Rev. Hicks , and give him so much screen time ? Russo and the other filmmakers spend A LOT of time on the commentary track talking about the care they used in matching the new footage with the old , but more care could have been expended in actually writing new scenes that meshed with the film . Russo also states that this is the best-looking version of the original film , even better than the Elite laser version . After comparing the two , I must differ . Many of the darker scenes on the 30th edition have been digitally lightened , making the picture look at times as if it were shot though a fine mesh . Russo also states that the filmmakers had always wanted an original score ; the new score is wimpy and Casio-like , and has none of the power of the original library tracks that Romero used . Overall , this disc is a colossal waste of the consumer 's money . Buy the Elite version and watch Night as it should be seen .
 If you liked the original , if you care about Romero 's work or like any of it even in the tiniest axon in the darkest corner of your mind , I implore , beg , and plead with you NOT TO BUY OR RENT -LRB- OR VIEW FOR FREE -RRB- THIS ABSOLUTE HATCHET JOB ON THE ORIGINAL -LRB- I 'm sorry to shout , but it 's warranted -RRB- . The extra footage sucks and is ludicrous . The new music destroys the movie . You 're not event given an opportunity to revert to the original . After watching it , squirming in my Barcalounger , feeling like Alex being force to watch ultraviolence in A Clockwork Orange , I destroyed the CD and burned the pieces . I wo n't have it in my house . I wo n't sell it to some poor unsuspecting schmuck . I wo n't even bury it where some future civilization may find it and judge us by it . DESTROY EVERY COPY YOU CAN FIND -- PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Like more than a few other poor souls who fell for this `` Special Super-Duper 30th Anniversary Edition '' of NOTLD , I thought this would be the best release yet from Anchor Bay -LRB- a company which , this title aside , can do no wrong -RRB- . Man , was I wrong . I just finished watching the 30th Anniversary version of the movie , and it is -- like many have already stated here -- an excising of 15 minutes of original footage en lieu of some ridiculous padding -LRB- an overacting priest , a family in an auto wreck , ` new ' zombies wandering the countryside -RRB- that in no way adds to the storyline . Unfortunately , the picture quality of the new footage is inconsistent with the 1968 version , so everything that 's been added is unfortunately hard to miss . The New & Improved soundtrack had me groaning at first , but got better as the film progressed -LRB- even though it resembled Tangerine Dream on a cheap keyboard -RRB- . I must commend whoever re-recorded the sound efx -LRB- gunshots , punches , etc. -RRB- , because that 's the one aspect of this edition that 's OUTSTANDING.The extras , which consist of a trailer , a making-of segment , a still gallery , and a pointless video clip from some obscure movie are pretty underwhelming . This Bill Hinzman guy should n't be holding his head up too high for whatever involvement he had here , along with buddy-boy John Russo.In short , I thought I 'd get this and maybe do away with my 10 + year old video copy , but I think I 'll stick with it . By comparison , this is the `` Definitive Inferior Version . ''
 I saw this wretched dvd at a friends house . I couldnt decide whether or not this was supposed to be funny or taken seriously.Regardless , John Russo and friends totally ruined George Romeros groundbreaking horror classic . The soundtrack is ridiculous , it sounds as though the composer bought a $ 30 Casio keyboard and wrote some cheesy gothic horror songs for the soundtrack . And who do they think they are fooling with Bill Heinzman reprising his role as the original zombie 30 years later ? Did they think no one would notice he looked like he was close to 40 in the original , and in the new footage he looks like hes 70 at the youngest?Please . Also i noticed another thing about the family who died at Beekmans Diner in the car crash : Check out one of the kids shoes , as they are actually Sketchers I believe . I 'm no expert on the shoe business so correct me if I 'm wrong , but I dont think the Sketchers shoe company was around in 1968 . Did anyone see the `` music video '' for the ridiculous `` Dance of the Dead '' . Thats probably the most entertaining feature about the dvd . I found the music video to be corny and terrible , but utterly hiliarious . Anyways , do n't waste your money on this garbage . The new music score is way below subpar as is the acting and scripting for the additional material . The original Romero feature was a low budget masterpiece . This , however is just a half-assed attempt at filmmaking and yet another way for no talent filmakers to cash in on a classic . Avoid .
 It is just unfathomable that anyone could possibly think this was a good idea - take a beloved classic film and :1 . Cut 15 minutes of footage .2 . Add 15 minutes of poorly shot new footage with excruciatingly bad acting , writing and direction .3 . Dump the original music score and replace it with painfully amateurish electronic drivel .4 . Add insult to injury by deceptively marketing it as the definitive 30th Anniversary Edition.Words can not express how terrible this edition is . Really , it is THAT bad . I have seen student films and amateur fan edits done better . The new footage is so badly written and acted it would almost be funny if it was n't cut into this classic film.Stay far , far away from this version . Get any other version that has the real Night of the Living Dead .
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is arguably the greatest horror film of all-time , and easily one of the most influential ever made . However , this DVD does NOT contain the true version of the film . Despite the fact that it includes a couple nice special features , this version of the film is for die-hard Romero fans only.The film has been re-edited , with new , completely unnecessary scenes inserted ; also , Scott Vladimir Lacina has replaced the popular score of library music from the first film with a new score . John A. Russo lead the project , and said he was surprised by the reaction of fans . Well , nice job , Mr. Russo , you damned the film straight to hell . I can not tell you enough times not to purchase this edition.Confound you , ambitious filmmakers !
 After purchasing this 2 disc set and watching the 30th Anniversary Edition I find myself asking the following questions
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled witha lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary LimitedEdition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped thedisc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This scoreis so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on thescreen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutesand immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willingbuyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite EntertainmentDVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film onDVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorderand the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... theAnchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , Iwould have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast asyou can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 If you 're all about sound and picture quality , than this DVD is n't for you . Spend the few extra bucks to buy the millennium edition , you wo n't regret it . This DVD is just another sad video tape print with lines and scratches , film bouncing all over the place , terrible edit cuts , etc. ... While the movie may be a horror classic , there definately is no point in releasing a film on DVD unless they plan to clean up the print enough to where it appears new . I used to watch Psycho with all the crackling and lines and such , but when I bought the DVD I was amazed at how much the print was cleaned up . DVD 's should have more thought that go into them before the final product is released . I guess that 's what I get for being cheap and buying the $ 7.00 way out .
 This `` 30th anniversary edition '' of `` Night of the Living Dead '' is obviously somebody 's idea of a joke . The print is marvelous . The new scenes and new music , however , destroy the mood and pace of the movie -- a movie that was pretty much without a plot to begin with . Here , it may as well have none . The new music is the same repetitious , `` Halloween '' - clone droning heard in a million other horror flicks , and many of the new scenes feature a very poorly played fire-and-brimstone preacher apparently intended to function as a parody of a fire-and-brimstone preacher . Why , is anyone 's guess . The prologue , in which the cemetery zombie climbs out of his coffin just before he can be buried , destroys the impact of the scene that formerly opened the film . Before , the ghoul had appeared out of nowhere , and we did n't know who , or what , he was . Now we do . Way to go , new producers . This 30th-anniversary farce demonstrates how easily an effective film can be destroyed by ill-advised alteration .
 This is a horror masterpiece . There 's some good amateur acting and some violence and gore , but there 's also a strong plot and an incredibly tense atmosphere . George A. Romero , like Alfred Hitchcock , plays his audience like a piano.This DVD by -LRB- shudder -RRB- Madacy has lousy picture quality and wafer thin sound . The extras -LRB- trivia game , biography , poster art -RRB- are typical of Madacy .
 my review : Short version DO NOT BUY THIS DVDMy Review Long Version : Finaly i got myself a DVD player , and having always loved Night of The living Dead since it first scared me when i was twelve years old i knew i would like to own a copy.Alas the only version i could find at the time was the 30th anniversary edition ... which cost me $ 40 dollarsNow dont get me wrong i like the new scenes , even though they look some what out of place with the original footage -LRB- maybe a short half hour or hour prologue or epilogue would of worked better than butchering the original -RRB- . I am sure from the featurette that the all had fun making the new scenes and slotting family and friends into a cult classic , and the new music score is awesome -LRB- the actor who plays the priest proves he should stick to music and give up acting his preformace is worse than that of Bela Lugosi in Plan nine from outer space , which is a great film for all the wrong reasons -RRB- . As for the new scenes answering all the unanswerd questions from the original ... what questions ? ... in the comentary from John Russo and others they say the first zombie needs expalnation of where he came from ... Hell they are in a cematary use your imagination , films that let us use our imagination in an intelligent way are the ones we call masterpieces.Also in the new fottage if your unlucky enough to see it look for the zombie with the one arm ... at several points you can actualy tell the the girl has her arm tied behind her back under her clothes -LRB- digital effects must be a new then to these guys -RRB- especially when she leans over the car accident , and as for the extended radio dialog that clears up sooooo many imortant questions but just boggs you down in to much information that is unnecessary ... but i could go on.To sum up all i can say is all the above i can forgive cause if you take it for what it is it isnt to bad , anyway having sat throught the 30th anniversary edition -LRB- with and with out commentary -RRB- i happily sat down to watch the original 1968 version only to find it was not the original 1968 version as it contains the new music score and not the original stock music that was used ... alas this makes the whole dvd useless as the originaly chosen music is one of the originals charms , it contains music some may recognize as having been used in The hideous sun deamon , teenagers from outer space and terror from the year 5,000 . I do think that somewhere on the packaging they should of pointed out the the `` so called '' 68 version had the new music score , false adversiseing maybe?alas just today i was out of town and found my self in a store that had a cheap $ 9:95 version of the 1968 Night of the Living dead on DVD -LRB- yes with original music in place -RRB- and was very tempted , but unless John Russo is willing to give me back my $ 40 for the new version i 'm not willing to buy the other one , and anyway having it here will be a reminder to be more careful.The digital remastering of the video is excellent , but i would of settled for a little grainy if i could of just had the film i first saw when i was twelve.I guess this little tale of buyer beware proves that expensive is not always better . find the original version with the original stock music in place it is sooooo much better .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Let 's face it , if you 're reading this review chances are , you are a NOTLD fan ... good for you . I do n't have to waste my any of my 1,000 words saying what an amazing film the original version was . But if you have n't seen this `` updated '' version and are considering purchasing it , do n't . I can type all day about the offenses this film spewed upon its viewers , but let 's narrow it down to a few :1 . When a movie 's done , it 's done . Do n't add to it , do n't punch it up . It 's done . You want to continue to ride on the success of a film , make a sequel , or if you 're lazy enough make a remake . Lucas almost killed Star Wars , these knuckleheads should have learned their lessons .2 . What was with that bald priest ? Did they have auditions or did Russo lose a bet ? 3 . Bill Hinzman
 This disk is not worth the money or the metal and plastic used to record it . Do yourself a favor and buy the Elite version . Russo & co. are just out to make a quick buck by exploiting this classic . This is one of the best horror films ever made and this so-called `` Special Edition '' adds nothing to the film . The Elite version should be available on Amazon . Sure , you may pay a few dollars more -- but Romero did NOT authorize this re-edited disk . Besides , the picture quality is far superior on the Elite disk . The one star rating is for the `` 30th Anniversary '' edition only . Otherwise , the film gets FIVE stars .
 The 3-d has to be used with some special razor 3d glasses reg 3D glasses dont work . I wish I had known that before ordering .
 NOTLD is a odd horror movie made in the 60s with a low budget -LRB- The movie is shot in b & w ; and had unknown actors and basically one production design -LRB- a house -RRB- . The movie is good to watch only once or twice in either b & w ; or color -LRB- The colorized version is the best way to watch this -RRB- and the this is the movie that introduced us to zombie movies by a unknown director -LRB- back then -RRB- named George Romero . Do n't expect state-of-the-art special effects because the only effects they used were chocolate sauce and meat from the butcher Romero knew but expect a weird and sometimes creepy horror movie that remains a classic still . Theres been lots of DVD releases of this one stick with the Millennium Edition and skip the 30th Anniversary Edition.Other Recommende zombie movies : Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 version -RRB- ZombieZombie LakeDead Heat
 This is perhaps the worst movie ever made.If you want to see a real cult classic , buy The Little Shop Of Horrors -LRB- the original -RRB- or Robot Monster . Heck , even The Creeping Terror is better . The actors and actresses are very dumb and ca n't even act . The screenplay looks like it was written by a 6 year old . Do n't make the mistake of buying this .
 This ia a movie about zombies who surround a farm in search of human flesh . The stupid people inside fight and bicker amongst themselfs while more and more zombies surround the house making escape immpossible.If you love good classic horror , This is not it , get the classic universal movies but stay away from the rest of this trilogy they only get worse .
 Gasses floating over graveyards make the dead bodies come back to life who then hunt the people down and try to eat their brains . Dis-orienting , unscary , mess of sloppy and unimpressive effects with no entertainment value at all . THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT looks like a good time compared to this movie . BOO !
 I rented this version because it 's the only one I could get my hands on and I had read and been told over the years how great a movie it is . Well , this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Supposedly this version is to be avoided , but I did not know that going into this . I must admit , I did see a second or two of brilliance here and there throughout the film , but all in all it was utterly EXCRUCIATING.Poorly edited , terribly acted -LRB- both of which mean to me that Romero is an awful director -RRB- , synched like a Japanese overdub at parts , and not in the least bit humorous as I was led to believe . I do n't see a classic in here in any sense . The lighting/setting and music were the only descent things about this flick . I hung in there , waiting for the promised greatness to come , but all I got for my trouble was an Alistair Crowley wannabe spending the last 5 minutes of the film irritating me more than a parental lecture did at age 15 . If this is truly a 4-star film and someone butchered it this badly , they deserve to have their fingernails slowly ripped out with pliers and then be used as the guinea pig in an under-funded dental school.All that said this movie did do one thing it set out to . It scared me ... from ever even thinking about getting my hands on the original .
 Let the buyer beware
 This is the worst ! I ca n't possible say anymore !
 A shameful rip-off of all the original film 's fans by John Russo . The new footage is Amateur Hour & unnecessary , the new acting is pathetic & this DVD abomination should be shunned by everyone , old fans & new audiences wondering what all the classic fuss is about . -LRB- After I threw it across the room , my puppy even poohed on it ! -RRB-
 How do you improve perfection ? Answer is , you do n't . This film is the most impure accident since Star Wars Ep . 1 . I am a tremendous fan of the NOTLD series , and this 30th anniversary edition is nothing more then an un-efforted attempt on making money at the expense of a once-great film . I love the inside cover with the film makers praising their job well done . `` Oh we think the fans we be very pleased ... everything is seemless ... we 've improved upon the movie ... '' Crikey ...
 I thought adding color to this classic of the horror genre was the worst that could ever happen to it , I was wrong . The new footage stands out from the rest of the film -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- , almost all the original zombie footage is gone and the new zombies should shut-up because they 're far too noisey , the new folley effects are as subtle as a train wreck , and the new soundtrack is nothing to write home about either . As they say in `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show , '' enter -LRB- or should I say view -RRB- this new cut of the film at your own risk !
 The rating of this film does not pertain to the original cult classic by George A. Romero . It refers to the horribly acted , slow moving joke of new footage which is easily detectible from the original footage . And its distracting new musical score would do better on a soundtrack for a new movie . This masterpiece of its time has been ruthlessly butchered . Everything added to this 30th anniversary edition not counting the digital mastering has soiled the original . Do n't let the fancy silver case fool you . Those who are responsible for this atrocity should be fed to the zombies .
 Although his name appears in the credits , George Romero was in no way involved with this project . The new footage does n't match the original . Despite a mountain of makeup , Bill Hinzman looks much older than his first incarnation of the cemetary zombie . What was he thinking ? New cuts and fades , intended to improve the pacing of the film , seem premature and at times omit valuable dialogue . The prologue and epilogue add little importance overall , the main addition being a religious subplot which frames the entire story . Licina 's newly recored soundtrack reminds me of bad MIDI files imbedded in somebody 's web page . That being said , Night of the Living Dead
 What I do n't get is the new footage . They did n't fit the movie and all they did was destroy it . The new music ruined it also . I hated the new ending . I mean come on ! 1 year later all the zombies were destroyed ? NOTHING in the new footage had anything to do with Night of the Living Dead or the rest of the series . Just buy the Millenium edition .
 This product , which bears the insignia UAV Entertainment , is the worst print of a movie I have ever seen -- no grey scale , no edges to the images , no audio clarity . Since NOTLD is in the public domain , profiteers have for years been distributing duplicate prints made from duplicate prints -- much like `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' which was finally released in a stunning DVD version once the copyright was renewed.The only thing that 's sharply in focus on this version of NOTLD is the splicy , dusty film surface itself . The manufacturer must have used either a beat-up duplicate or a VHS tape for a master . But you would never suspect it from the slick packaging , along with the assurances of `` Dolby Digital Stereo '' and , on the disc itself -LRB- from UAV Corp. -RRB- , `` Guaranteed Superior Quality . `` The original movie was cheaply made in an exploitive way that the spectator could forgive and enjoy . Not so with this item , which demonstrates that `` DVD Quality '' is in itself no guarantee of anything . Unfortunately , the zombies on the cover were not enough to scare this consumer away .
 Maybe I 'm just a purist in this regard but I was utterly disappointed with the 30th anniversary edition of NOTLD . The additional scenes , shot with current film stock , are so appaling that I question the reasons for their inclusion . The new soundtrack is bearable at best , but detracts from the edgy feel of the original . Also , the re-recorded news broadcasts were nothing more than irritating.While I enjoy having a decent copy of the film on hand , it 's a difficult version to watch . You 'd be better off buying the Evil Dead DVD .
 Shame on Anchor Bay for releasing this -LRB- ... -RRB- version of Night of the Living Dead . Not only did they insert segments of cheesy synthesizer soundtrack to partially replace the old one , but they also added 15 minutes of , get this , `` new footage . '' This footage seems intended to serve as an exposition , to explain exactly why zombies are roaming the countryside ; never mind that the cause is apparent in the original version . Where , in the 1968 film , the production and acting were excellent -LRB- especially in the face of a limited budget -RRB- , the 15 minutes of `` new footage '' are totally incongruous and the result has a very obvious cut-and-paste feel . Let me emphasize , the production and acting in the `` new footage '' are pathetic ; if I had played the part of that priest , if I had participated in `` decomposing '' the soundtrack , if I had contributed in any way to this effort , I do n't think I could show my face in public.Why make such a fuss over a 30 + year-old film shot in black and white on a low budget ? Well , you have to understand the impact of George Romero 's movie . If you find the idea of flesh-eating zombies absurd -LRB- ok , I 'll admit that it is -RRB- , but you have never seen the flick and are expecting a spoof or a laugh fest , then Night of the Living Dead can be a rude shock . First of all , it kills off one of its skeptics in the first 10 minutes of the movie in a pretty pedestrian way , with a rock to the head . Furthermore , its later scenes of violence are surprisingly convincing -LRB- sorry , you need to see the original yourself -RRB- . This is a really good movie.George Romero , in interviews on IFC , seems to have approached the issue of production and distribution for NOTLD and DOTD with a conviction that his work was worth defending from those who would censor or otherwise diminish the impact of these films . Therefore , it is perplexing that the Anchor Bay version has surfaced . Perhaps it is Romero 's fault ; maybe he sold out . But I suspect that the story behind this mess is more complex . The people who released this so-called `` 30th anniversary edition '' have no such principles , and would have us believe that their version is more valid . I suspect that all of this is motivated by money -LRB- one website alleges that the people who released this abomination are laying the groundwork for a sequel -RRB- . I have heard that the Elite release has the highest quality video plus commentary from Romero , et . al. but I 've never seen that version and I 'm not sure it is still available .
 Ok so JAWS 3 , Friday The 13th 3 , Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare , Amityville 3-D , how many classic horror films have tried the 3-D thing . . and these actually TRIED to make it work . . thank god there are versions without the 3-d Effect . . BUT I ca n't get the glasses to work on my TV Set I think 3-d should stay in the theaters . . AND my biggest complaint is this . . NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD was never meant to be a 3-D film so why make it into a 3-D film!the above mentioned films HAVE specific scenes designed and created for 3-D NOTLD did n'tBut yeah BUY THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM !
 I was expecting better video and sound quality from the Blu-ray version . The regular DVD version would have probably been just as bad !
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled with a lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary Limited Edition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped the disc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This score is so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on the screen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutes and immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willing buyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite Entertainment DVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film on DVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorder and the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... the Anchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , I would have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast as you can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 Whatever you do , DO NOT rent/purchase/watch the 30th anniversary edition of Night of the Living Dead , ESPECIALLY if you have not seen the movie before . Apparently it is somewhat difficult to find a decent rendering of this movie , but at all costs avoid this one . Simply put , there is new footage and new music that RUINS the original . To me , it looks like some idiot goth kids wanted to have bit parts in their favorite movie from high school and decided , hey , let 's create all new characters and dialogue for the 30th anniversary edition . In fact , the awful new music is composed by the same guy -LRB- Scott Vladimir Licina -RRB- who played the worst new character , Reverend Hicks . God , I wan na smack that idiot .
 Do yourself a favor and just buy the Millenium Edition . I made the mistake of buying this for the 15 minutes of `` extra footage , the way the movie was meant to be made . '' Well , I was beyond disappointment . Besides contradicting the original film , if taken seriously as a part of the Living Dead Trilogy , it destroys `` Dawn '' and `` Day '' as well . Do n't waste the money .
 I can not believe why Romero/Russo would do such a thing ! Restoring a classic takes guts , and can be done artistically -LRB- ala , the Star Wars Trilogy -RRB- if the artist has developed his ideas in the context of the film
 Simply put ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS VERSION ! John Russo has ruined a classic film -LRB- oh the humanity ! -RRB- First off he re-edited the film -LRB- cutting out major scenes of dialogue -RRB- then he had the film re-scored -LRB- destroying the haunting atmosphere of the original -RRB- He then substituted scenes that were not to be in the original film -LRB- because they werent up to par ! -RRB- Even the news broadcasts were changed -LRB- now sounding very fake & not matching this period piece -RRB- This movie is very near & dear to my heart & it saddens me to see it butchered like this ... THE DEAD ARE WALKING ALLRIGHT ... OUT OF THE GRAVE & STRAIGHT AFTER JOHN RUSSO !!!!!!!!
 The day they decided to add awful , awful , awful new scenes to the masterpiece `` Night of the Living Dead '' , change the music , and screw the whole thing up was in my mind one of the darkest days in cinema history . The new music is shockingly bad , and the new scenes -LRB- with terrible acting and unneccessary new plot details -RRB- basically should never have been filmed . Really , this whole `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' thing is the worst treatment of a classic movie since colorization was briefly popular . I think every copy of this should be burned.What 's really a shame is that the image quality of the original movie is pretty dang good -LRB- it 's also good on the disc released by Elite . The one without the new scenes . Hint hint . -RRB- There is a boatload of extras , including a documentary on the making of the new footage -LRB- which actually manages to be worse than the new footage itself -RRB- , a trailer for this rerelease , and a clip of something called `` Flesheater '' that the director of the new version made.THIS IS NOT THE VERSION OF `` NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD '' TO BUY . IF YOU EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS , YOU ARE NO LONGER MY FRIEND .
 Three things :1
 I bought this DVD , and was really dissapointed . Well , this new scenes , you can see that cemetary zombie look much older in one scene , and in next -LRB- original scene -RRB- he suddenly looks younger . And new added scenes are ofcourse in black and white , but the brightness is different , so you can see which part is new scene evev if you see this film as first time . And new music , well it was n't that bad , but it seems like they tried to put the music in any scenes they can.And the music was little too loud.That had destroyed the good , intention of the scenes.if they used it less , and little more quiet , it could be better . But most annoying thing about this 30th anniversary edition is , that priest . Who hired him ? He is the worst actor I have ever seen in my life ! If they hired someone better for this caractor , I could give one more star to rate this movie . And the ending , I did not get it at all . It looked like those clappy TV priest propaganda show . Well , I may keep this DVD ONLY for the bright picture quority , but nothing else .
 This is one `` deluxe anniversary edition '' you should avoid at all costs . Those familiar with the original masterpiece will recoil in horror to see how it has been altered . The new footage is senseless and poorly filmed and does not match the original image at all . It really detracts the pacing and tight structure of the original film . Try the collector 's edition re-mastered in THX . That 's all you should consider ... this was an ill-concieved attempt to cash in for the 30th anniversary . Nothing more .
 I borrowed this froma buddy at work and it is amazing . But not in a good way . I 'm amazed the original group involved w / the movie -LRB- excluding George -RRB- could ever do what was done to this . The new scenes are unwatchable . In the commentary they babble on on how seamless they are implemented . But they do n't discuss how BADLY they were acted . I gave this `` new '' movie two stars for the following , ONE
 As a die-hard fan of the original NOLD -LRB- and its sequels including Tom Savini 's charming 1990 remake -RRB- I was not disappointed by this 30th Anniversary revamping . Reason being , the idea itself is the most disappointing aspect
 I 'm sorry ... They have spoiled this classic film with a new score that sounds like it 's from 1981 , and terrible new scenes that do n't fit in at all with the original film . This project had my hopes up , but just did n't pan out at all . I wish I 'd spent my money on something else . Yuck !
 If you 're looking for a definitive version of this classic , AVOID THIS VERSION ! I can not begin to express my disgust and contempt for Executive Producer Joseph Wolf , the studio , and all involved for adding amateurish ` new footage ' and a new score to one of the most terrifying films of all time . This is now worse than the worst of the Sci-Fi Channel ; it 's not even good enough for public access . What an abomination.I can not believe that these hacks thought they had the right to exhume the best parts of this film and tack cheesy embellishments upon it ; it 's like putting salt on an ice cream sundae . I hope the dead do arise and attack John A. Russo and Joseph Wolf - but then again , I would n't want them living on.I implore ANYONE interested in obtaining the ` definite ' version of this film on DVD to wait - hopefully Criterion will release a worthwhile version , as they did with `` Carnival of Souls '' . I 've heard the Elite Entertainment version is closer to the original ; all I know is , I 'm returning this ASAP . What a disappointment .
 I know this DVD sounds great from the description -LRB- added scenes , restored , 2 disc set etc. -RRB- but be warned , it 's not the real thing . For a start the 15 minutes of added footage is NEWLY FILMED and awful . Not only that , it suffers from really bad lip-sync problems that make it practically unwatchable . Plus some original scenes have actually been removed . The other disc contains the un-butchered original but unfortunately has a new music score . Call me old fashioned , but I prefer the scratchy , corny original . Surely a Special Limited Edition should include the untouched original version ? ... If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer . This is TERRIBLE . Being a fan of the genre I was ecstatic to see a special edition version of NOTLD . Little did I know that the so called `` never before seen footage '' would consist of below b-movie acting writing and direction , as well as a dead ringer for Anton LaVey posing as a priest . The same Anton LaVey lookalike who is responible for BUTCHERING the original score . The bonus soundtrack cd is n't even the original spooky score ! It 's the worst kind of MIDIfied noodling with no emotion behind it whatsover . Stay far away from this . Far , far away .
 When the 30th Anniversary Edition came out , I bought it on VHS as I was curious to see what they termed as `` new footage . '' What I got was a horrible mess that butchered the original film , removed the original music for a terrible synthesizer score and added pointless footage that makes the viewer want to grind his teeth down to the gums . One of the additions is a new character
 Kudos to Anchor Bay for remastering the original footage -LRB- which is even sharper and clearer than Elite 's version -RRB- but the lousy new synth score and stupid , pointless , badly acted new scenes are a case lesson in how you can take a classic and turn it into a turd.And John Russo , the talentless co-writer of the original NIGHT and the director of the new scenes for this new NIGHT , says , `` This is what we wanted to do originally . `` If that 's so , I imagine the conversation between Russo and George Romero in 1968 during the production went like this : John Russo
 I have had some pretty awful experiences in my life . As well as quite a few wonderful ones . The worst , I always thought , would be having to stand in the room while the authorities pulled the melted jewelrey from my mother 's burnt corpse . That was a bad experience.Then there were the two rusty nails that slammed into my knee to the hilt.Oh yeah ... and not being able to move my legs.I always thought that nothing I could see in film could even approach the misery of these personal moments.But then , I could never in a thousand years imagine the creative still-birth of the 30th Anniversary NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD DVD.Now I know what you are thinking , or at least I think I do . You may be thinking that I have grossly overstated the level of personal offense with which I take this DVD , but I swear to you I am having to control myself sooo much right now from merely ranting ... How can I tell you exactly how they pissed on this film?NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my first favorite movies . Every week , for the first 6 years of my life , I watched NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD projected in 16mm . It was the first film that I had memorized.It scared me away from wanting to ever frequent cemeteries . And it made me ask my Dad how they make movies . And he handed me my first Famous Monsters of Filmland , along with a book on LON CHANEY ... a little thin blue book.And that is how it began . Also at the time I was addicted to KING KONG , GORGO and THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD . I was seeing each of those ... constantly alongside LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS -LRB- Corman version -RRB- and REEFER MADNESS.In fact earlier this day I had watched the Alamo Drafthouse 's last night of the Cannibal fest where they screened NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD . I was in a great mood . I 'd been saving watching this 30th Anniversary edition till after I saw this screening at the Drafthouse.Quint came over to watch it with Father Geek and I. . . and my god ... the horror.I feel as though I have just watched a personal family member gang-raped by a pack of super sodomites.If you love NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD do n't even pick up the box that encases this dung heap.First off , John Russo should be buried alive and fed through an IV and given adequate oxygen for the next 30 years . He has butchered , defaced and ruined one of the greatest horror films of all time . From his additions -LRB- as well as subtractions -RRB- to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , I can say with the utmost confidence that talent does not in any way reside within this shell of a so-called writer.He has created something that at it 's best moments perhaps achieves the utter stupidity of ` GREEDO FIRED FIRST ' , but mostly resides with floating turds in a city sewer system.There is not one instance in the entirety of the DVD that even begins to be good . And I 'm even talking about the original footage . They have ruined every single second of the film through laughably awful sound effects and mixing , through a HORRENDOUS new bit of noise shat out by talentless hack , Scott Vladimir Ligina . They have erased all grain from the film , making it stark and crisp and in focus where it was once gloriously creepy and atmospheric.Sigh ... Perhaps I should just begin ... at the beginning.Gone are the opening shots of the film . Instead we begin upon the Chevy truck , that we later see Ben driving . But for now , it is driven by two redneck types hauling the body of the ` cemetery ghoul ' in a coffin in the back of their truck . Terrible dialogue about how he was a child murderer has been created as if to give some sort of backstory to the first zombie we ever see.This is HORRIBLE . REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE . The dialogue and acting between the two corpse handlers is terribly written and delivered with all the subtlety and nuance of a kindergarten play about butterflies and toast.When we finally arrive at the cemetery we get a look at this abominable tone deaf synthesizer addicted skinhead , Scott Vladimir Licina . Not only did he piss on the entire film with the single most offensive score I have ever listened to in my life , he and his gigantic teeth , have decided to bookend this film with an overbearing and painfully awful portrayal of a Reverend.They have the cemetery zombie attack the two drivers and then we cut straight to Barbara and Johnny parked at the cemetery . All the foreboding shots of the drive ... gone . Now , new thunder sounds pounding the entire scene . Drowning out their dialogue . This is ... awful . I really have never known the meaning of that word till I witnessed this atrocity.Let 's cut forward a bit.Remember where Ben and Barbara have first gone into the house together ? When he tells her to go turn on all the lights , and then he begins searching for nails and hammer and wood ? Well ... we see him find the toolboxes . We no longer see him put the screwdriver in his back pocket , gone is the search for wood ... he no longer looks under the sink , the initial nailing of wood is gone ... . Oh yeah ... as a matter of fact ... When Barbara leaves the room here , it instantly cuts straight to her at the music box . All of the in-between and dialogue has been cut.Remember Ben relating to Barbara what happened to him ? Remember him talking about a tanker truck ... describing that ? GONE . Remember Barbara telling the story of Johnny and her ? Well , they got to the cemetery ... but all of her fantastic hysterical fits ... GONE!Gone . So much character development . Gone gone gone . Remember the scene between Harry and Helen in the basement where Harry talks about the Radio up stairs and Helen begins screaming at him about that . About how they do n't like one another.Well now ... Harry goes down in the basement . Does his initial bit about , `` We 'll see who 's right . We 'll see when they come pleading for me to let them in '' And then ... cut to our all around swell guy , Tom pleading with Harry to come on back up ... a mere minute and a half after he 's entered the cellar ... there by making it seem as if ... Tom instantly had a change of heart . Gone is the development between Harry and Helen about their marriage problems , the issues with Harry 's superiority complex.If fact ... throughout the entire film all of this basic fundamentally important to the story work is GONE , to be replaced with Reverend Wide Teeth and his bunch of morons.Also ... all the radio broadcasts are now different . It no longer feels like a radio broadcast from the period , but now feels like someone trying to impersonate a radio broadcast . Gone is most of the Venus probe stuff . Gone is the information about the Rescue Centers . Gone Gone Gone.They hacked the hell out of this film . Remember the naked zombie ? GONE!Instead we have additional stumblers . No useful or even
 There 's always the sequel , or the remake , or the adaptation that somehow negatively affects the reputation of a classic film , book , etc. . The Batman films became progressively worse , the remake of `` Psycho '' was just a pointless exercise -LRB- and pricey one -RRB- in filmmaking , and the 1995 adaptation of `` The Scarlet Letter '' was just an out and out disgrace . Then of course , there 's the 30th anniversary edition of `` NOTLD '' , with newly remastered sound and picture quality . Not to mention 15 minutes of newly shot scenes that are an inclusion to the film . Well , there 's the old adage , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . But instead of not fixing it , how about tossing a molotov cocktail at the film and screw it up with bad acting and campy , Cinemax premiere-style storytelling to an otherwise , horror classic . Romero 's 1968 film made a big fuss when it burst onto the drive-in scene by giving unexpecting viewers images they 'd never forget in the midst of horrible violence . It was the first time where the hero does not win in the end , where censorship was sorely tested , and people did n't expect what they 'd see . Now , countless versions of video and DVD later , the team from the original -LRB- with the strange exclusion of writer-director Romero -RRB- have teamed up , to pretty much tarnish the reputation of the original , with a ridiculous subplot surrounding the first zombie we see in the film , and an even worse character , an idiot playing a priest who would put most porn stars to shame for being such an awful actor . These 15 minutes of deleted scenes excise the original scenes , -LSB- mess -RSB- up the ending , and are most likely to hurt the reputation of the classic . The only thing the 30th anniversary has is an engrossing score that provides remarkable improvement to the original score by making it tense and scary . But the extras , which have absolutely nothing to do with the 1968 original , are just from the production surrounding the 30th anniversary . An annoying music video accompanies the likes of the DVD that 's a techno version which unnecessarily repeats quotes from the flick that make it unbearable . If you 're a big fan of NOTLD , and look to purchase the original , just purchase the original which you can find for less than 10 bucks on the internet . Do n't get the 30th anniversary , because it certainly is n't definitive , and it certainly is n't good . Instead , pick up the Millenium Edition , which for some reason is being paired with this review instead of the actual 30th Anniversary Edition , the one that 's being criticized .
 I hated it . No plot . no story , and very undeveloped characters . The entire movie was just blood and gore from badly done zombies . I was highly disappointed.The movie director should be shot .
 This is by far the best copy on dvd of this movie . I was tempted in the past to buy this version but hesitated until I read other reviews on your website and decided to purchase this version after reading the high reviews . Being a big George Romero fan , I own other versions of this movie on dvd and vhs and always strive to get the best quality films I can . The Millennium Edition of this movie is the best money can buy .
 As long as I 'm paraphrasing , I come to bury Romero , not to praise him.A couple generations have come and gone since George Romero and a band of barely capable hacks created this film . In my lifetime I 've seen no end of psuedo-intellectual praise heaped upon this glorified student film . Gore fans and hipsters alike have wasted volumes of paper and hard drive attributing sociological subtext and cinematic greatness to a movie that has neither.The basic premise of the film remains fertile soil for someone with talent . The makers of 28 DAYS LATER and DAWN OF THE DEAD -LRB- remake -RRB- scared the hell out of us while demonstrating in a handful of grief-struck scenes the ramifications of World War Z on the living.Romero , on the other hand , -- led amateur actors through terrible performances , from Barbara 's poorly rendered catatonia to Angry Bald Man 's puzzling decision to imbue every line with PURE ! BLIND ! FURY ! -- generates a pace so leaden even the zombies could outrun it . -- spends an inordinate amount of time showing characters hammering boards . There are 2 minute-long carpentry sequences in this very worst episode of THIS OLD HOUSE . -- offers specious logic regarding the characters ' escape plans . Only the first floor or the basement ? No one considers moving upstairs and smashing the stairwell to bits behind them ? There 's certainly plenty of tools -LRB- see above -RRB- ! And gravity still seems to affect the shambling dead . -- seems to have gleamed all his post-modern praise from the tacky inclusion at film 's end of still frame shots of rednecks gleefully shooting zeds . I suspect this had more to do with the price of filmstock than any pure artistic decision . As even late 60s social commentary goes , it ai n't exactly Easy Rider.I 've give Mr. Romero that his follow-up , Dawn of the Dead , was a helluva lotta fun in the 1970s drive-in I saw it in , but then its follow-up , Day of the Dead , was essentially as boring as an episode of MEET THE PRESS if MTP featured an undead round table . Even Savini 's remake was more satisfying than this lump of hackery.Romero 's recent LAND OF THE DEAD took the WTF ? step of actually identifying/sympathizing with the zombies , who , in a feat of contradiction you usually only see from Republicans , Romero has decided ARE PEOPLE TOO . There 's some hamfisted class struggle commentary in there , but you 'd need a decoder ring to make any sense of it.As for the one that started it all , however , the only thing terrifying about NofLD is how fecund it is .
 The Night Of The Living Dead is a really boring , low-budget , black and white zombie film . The acting is pretty hollow and there are no real scary parts . Every time you 'd think the film would be scary - it 's not , becuase it 's in black and white and most of the `` scary parts '' take place in the nighttime so it 's really hard to see any details . I 'd give it 1 star if it was n't for that great music at the end !
 Forget about this product . Does not include the glasses needed to view . No mention in the box or product descript on where to purchase the correct glasses . no mention on the product description on Amazon that the glasses were not included .
 The original Night of the Living Dead is still a horror masterpeice , and it is presented it wonderful , clear DVD format in this version . The soundtrack was partially remastered , and rather badly . The synth score totally rapes any kind of ancient and spooky atmosphere the original gave.Now , as for the 30th Aniversary Cut . I 'm sure since the release of this horrificly stupid edit that the dead have risen more often just to shatter copies of this edit . Theres 15 minutes of added footage that is absolutely appalingly unnessessary , stupid , trite , badly acted and totally out of place . The music is even WORSE than the original since the score has a drum loop through it , making it sound like a 14 year old 's Yanni nightmare.The score was composed by the man who plays the priest in the extra footage ... Personally , I 'd 've liked to have taken a bite out of his face for his insipid , uninspiring and lame score.This edition also comes with a Music Score DVD that makes me twitch it 's so ... damned ... bad . The last track is original title redo -LRB- from the 1998 cut of the film for DVD -RRB- but the one before that is the worst peice of `` techno '' you could possibly hear . It loops tiny dialouge tracks into a very , very bad dance loop and it makes me want to tie small woodland animals to the back of my car and drag them for several miles , if it would only make this re-mastered score go away .
 Ok look i will get right to the point this movie is a disgrace to night of the living dead , the added scenes -LRB- which include some hick preacher , with the worst fake accent i have ever seen !!! -RRB- totally ruin this movie . Not to mention they added a new ending , which i do not understand , because there was nothing wrong with the old one to begin with . Look if you are a big fan of Romeros movies chances are you are curious to what this movie is all about , But I am warning you chances are this movie will ruin the Night of the living dead for you . -LRB- I gave this movie 1 star only because it was the lowest rating i could give it -RRB-
 Despite how hard it is to sit through NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD after all these years -LRB- some movies just get `` old , '' same stay fresh forever , NIGHT 's superior sequel DAWN OF THE DEAD being one of the latter -RRB- , I still would have appreciated a better DVD transfer.The interactive `` trivia '' questions , what few there are , are too easy and focus on just the plot , never challenging horror fans with behind-the-scenes and production-related questions -LRB- this would have been far more interesting -RRB- . It also appears to me that the production team behind the NOTLD DVD did n't put much effort into this transfer . The credit list lacks detail , and the only biography they have is on Duane Jones -LRB- Ben -RRB- . What happened to George A. Romero?Also , the quality of the film itself is unsatisfactory , fuzzy at best . Maybe it 's because my TV does n't have that blasted S-Video configuration -LRB- but I doubt it , as other DVDs in my collection are visually stunning despite the lack of `` S-Video '' -RRB- , but this print of NOTLD did nothing to progress the quality that DVDs are suppost to bring to old classics.All in all , an unsatisfactory buy , but probably still worth your time for the original film inside .
 The film begins on a country road . A couple stop at a cemetery to place a wreath on a grave . Barbara kneels in prayer . Thunder crashes . Suddenly Johnny is attacked by a stranger ! The stranger chases Barbara until she takes refuge in the house . What is happening ? Where are these monsters coming from ? The monsters are afraid of fire . Can they barricade the house ? The dialogue tells about what is happening . A radio station tells about the mass murders by ordinary looking people . Everyone must stay home and lock their doors ! They have food , a radio , a rifle and bullets . Will they be safe?The survivors argue about the safest place in the house . TV brings the latest word - those who died recently are coming back to life and devouring live humans ! Is there a solution to this problem ? Dead bodies must be burned immediately . They have a plan to escape . But things do n't work according to plan . Daylight brings the police and militia to shoot the zombies . There is an ironic ending to this story.This was a surprise hit in March 1968 . It resonated with the fear of strange forces attacking America . Do the zombies symbolize a nuclear attack ? What makes these films popular with audiences ?
 The original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is a true classic . This is John Russo 's incredibly lame attempt to milk more more from the project that he was clearly the weak link in . George Romero has told Russo that he will not badmouth this version because they are friends , so Romero remains silent on the issue . I think that says it all .
 I was one of the LUCKY ones who did not buy this . I did however have the UN-Pleasant experience of seeing this `` Butchering '' of a classic . I saw the 30th Anniversary edition on one of the movie channels and said `` Hey I have n't seen this version before , Oh look the added stuff to it I wonder if it will be any good '' Well it is n't . The stuff they added in as plain of terms as I can think of SUCKS and in fact they actually cut other stuff in order to add the new stuff ... Is anyone else having a hard time with this ? Well the new stuff is n't restored or anything in fact it was re-shot and poorly added in . I work in a movie theater as a projectionist so while I notice some of the smaller stuff . . this stuff is noticable by everyone . In fact I 'm going to say that the only people who would like this piece of garbage are the ones who have never seen the original . I 'm not going to go into what they 've cut since so many already have . I sadly do n't own any addition on dvd but when I do I WILL NOT BE BUYING THIS VERSION . I have heard good things about the Millenium eddition . Glad to see someone got it right . How do you butcher a film this badly and then sleep at night . I would almost go as far as saying that you could remake this movie and use digital zombies and it would be better than this . So if you see the 30th anniversary on the shelf LEAVE IT THERE !!! Go find the newer Millenium edition . I did n't even complain about the `` new '' soundtrack yet because it 's nothing someone who has a basic knowledge of a computer program that can make midi files could n't do . IT 'S GARBAGE AS WELL . Maybe I 've been to hard but I do n't think so . If you must watch this sodomizing of the original by all means RENT IT or do as I did and see if one of the movie channels need about 2 hours of filler so they decided to play this .
 First off , I absolutely LOVE Night Of The Living Dead ! It is a classic . Unfortunately , I just had the bad luck of seeing the 30th Anniversary Edition of Night Of The Living Dead on Cinemax and was completely appalled at ... this classic film -LSB- edition -RSB- . Fortunately , all I wasted was a few minutes ... I honestly had to check the TV guide to make sure I was on the right channel ... The second thing that shook me was ... -LSB- the -RSB- music score that completely detracted from the eerie feeling that the original film so brilliantly conveyed . I will be honest ; I could n't even sit through this ... I am just glad to see that I am not alone in my ... -LSB- disappointment -RSB- ...
 GOOD GOD ! This is butchery ! The added scenes were terrible ! The music was absolutley asstacular ! Why ? Whyyyyyy ? The only reason that I gave this movie a two was because it still contains some of the classic film . I 'm suprised that the genius who thought up the idea to add those horrible scenes did n't just ditch the whole movie and just remake it starring that damn preacher .
 Dear lord , what has that old fool John Russo done ? Mr. `` I Co-wrote ` Night of the Living Dead , ' So How Come I 'm Not Famous ? '' managed to convince the other original backers of the film to do this 30th Anniversary edition -LRB- a year late , by the way , for the actual 30th anniversary of the movie ! -RRB- , found some old B&W film stock , and has shot 20 minutes of new footage that makes no sense and detracts from the film 's pacing . Worse yet , he 's CUT 15 minutes of footage that adds character and depth to the film , plus he 's added an awful , uninspired pop-rock soundtrack by the ludicrous Scott Vladimir Licina . Licina and Z-movie strumpette Debbie Rochon -LRB- Troma 's `` Tromeo & Juliet '' -RRB- are featured in an epilogue that is more embarrassing than enlightening . See what George Lucas started ? At least George Romero was smart enough to wash his hands of this entire sorry mess .
 Night of the Living Dead is a classic horror film , this is just awful . 15 minutes of useless , badly done , amaturish footage has been added and to compensate , they REMOVE character driven dialogue pieces . The special features do n't make up for it either , an annoyingly pointless music video , a inane documentary and commentary from John A. Russo , the man responsable for this tragedy . If you need to own NOTLD on DVD , go buy the far superior version that was released a few years back that has not been so horribly violated . Please , do n't even buy it out of curiosity ... even if it 's on sale for a buck ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 This 30th anniversary version of NOTLD is a grotesque and venal deconstruction . Here is one of the few truly great horror films ever made ; yet John Russo & co. thought it needed improving . So they cut out some of the `` slow '' scenes and inserted several new ones . The result is an unqualified disaster . These new segments -- talky , poorly shot , and poorly acted -- subvert all the carefully built-up rhythms of the original . And speaking of rhythms
 What happened ? Night of the living dead is one of the all time classics of horror.This limited edition of only 15000 -LRB- thank god -RRB- is terrible . Terrible soundtrack , terrible making of featurrette , terrible new scenes , etc.Oh and that score for the original come on what are they thinking . No wonder these where the people who brought you Santa Claws.The only good thing to come out of this was that unbelievable crystal clear quality of the original . Given that quality , a score approved by director romero , and commentary with romero youve got a winner . Fortunately , one already exists.Dont waste your time on this one .
 All I got to say is that this edition was completely butchered . It was good for them to have the old edition on the same disc , but the new edition was very unnecessary . Why add `` new '' material to that that was already classic ? That 's like putting in a new chariot race in Ben-Hur . The images look great , there is no fuzziness on this disc at all -LRB- the main reason why I give this two stars -RRB- . If you want to see a new edition of this movie , this is for you ; but if you want to see the original in its entirety , avoid it .
 Like every other unofficial Blu-ray release of Night , Forgotten Films product is thoroughly plagued with cropping , insofar as canceling out roughly 20 % of picture of each frame . If you want proof , visit DVDBeaver.com and see the substantial difference between F.F. 's release and Elite 's . Still , the Millennium DVD is the way to go . Yes , the picture might not be Blu-ray quality , but at least you 're getting the full picture.SOMEONE , PLEASE GIVE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD A DECENT BLU-RAY RELEASE , FOR F * ! K SAKE !!!
 I 've been looking for a BD release of this to complete the series and jumped at the chance even at the price.Put it in the player only to be met with a message of ` Disc can not be played because the player setup specifies a different region code ' . Nowhere in the listing did it say what region this was for.Same way I got screwed on the 3d releases of RE : Afterlife and Saw 3d - Amazon never mentioned in the listing that it was n't 3d on a blu-ray until after they shipped the listing suddenly now links to ` how Blu-Ray 3D works ` I 'd expect this if I 'd ordered from the UK site which I have done for items I ca n't find in the states , but why would you sell an item that is n't usable to 99 % of the public ?
 I picked up NotLD in the `` Hollywood Classics '' packaging , and I just have to say it is the WORST quality presentation of this movie I 've ever seen . Granted the original is n't crystal clear , either , but this version is jumpy and rife with static . I returned it for an extra copy , and had the same problem . Perhaps `` Hollywood Classics '' uses cheap equipment , or perhaps the masters they have are on their last leg , who knows ? I would , personally , recommend you seek out one of the better versions .
 This is a terrible edition of a classic horror film . Go with the Elite DVD . This one is awful . : -LRB-
 I LOVE ZOMBIE FILMS , BUT THIS 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION IS AWFUL . IN ALL OF FILM HISTORY , THE BALD HEADED PREACHER TAKES THE CAKE AS THE MOST ANNOYING ACTOR I HAVE EVER SEEN . WATCH THE ORIGINAL BUT LEAVE THIS SAD PIECE OF WORK IN THE BASEMENT . NUFF SAID .
 Thanks to the many reviews of the 30th anniversary edition of this classic film I 've decided to ignore it completely and order the collectors edition released a few years back -LRB- on DVD that is , I 've owned several copies on VHS -RRB- . This is a classic.Anyone who is into horror films should own this ,
 Any idiot who gives this pile of monkey spunk more than a star desrves to have paid for it . This 30th Anniversary DVD is the worst thing I have ever seen . I only wished I 'd payed attention to the net buzz before I paid for the thing ...
 I notice some reviews below that refer to buying the Elite Entertainment DVD of Night Of The Living Dead . They 're absolutely right ! Their 5 star rating they 're giving is not for THIS DVD ! I do n't want to see people confusing this DVD for Elite 's DVD and making the mistake of buying this one . You will be cheated into getting a worthless piece of garbage that George Romero had absolutely NO involvement with . It 's just an excuse to give the filmakers an ego trip and get their families involved in something they missed the first time around . That , and greed , pure and simple.If you really must see this edition -LRB- if only for comparing it to the original -RRB- RENT it . You might get a laugh out of the 15 minutes worth of new footage of actors you do n't really care about , apart from the cemetery zombie , looking 30 years older and 30 pounds heavier , which does n't do anything to add to the story . But mostly what you 'll get is disgusted , especially with how much of the original movie they remove . The new `` score '' by Scott Vladimir Lucina does n't hold a candle to the library music which was used in the original version . There is also an audio commentary with the filmakers applauding their efforts and saying how seamless the new footage is incorporated into the movie . This is far from the truth and they know it , judging from the joking around and the frequent gaps of silence.The `` 98 '' edition is equally appalling . It 's the original edit of NOTLD , but also the new `` score '' is here in all its ' glory . If Anchor Bay would 've used the library score on another track there would be less disatisfied viewers -LRB- well , I would be , for one -RRB- . And , contrary to the reviewer below me , there is NO , repeat NO deleted scenes added to this version . In fact , it runs about 50 seconds shorter than Elite Entertainment 's version . Go figure.Oh yeah , the DVD suppliments . A useless theatrical trailer , a behind the scenes featurette that 's more boring than your neighbor 's home video -LRB- which essentially this is -RRB- , an appalling clip from Flesh Eater , an annoying Dance Of The Dead video that is unintentionally hilarious , and a still gallery accompanied by Lucina 's music . Whoop-de-dooo . There is also a `` 32-page , 4-color collector 's booklet '' about the making of this edition but precious little about making the original.The one positive thing I can say is that the video quality is very good , but no more than Elite Entertainment 's DVD which is hands down the one to buy . Anchor Bay 's is the one to burn.Please note that I did n't mention Scott Vladimir Lucina 's acting ability .
 Missing dialog !!! No kidding . If you want to be stunned by the fact that miscellaneous , important dialog -LRB- 28 seconds worth -RRB- is actually missing buy this . It is actually quite a joke . I can not belive that this is even available . Check out -LRB- regular http address prefix , then -RRB- film.thedigitalfix.com/content/id/71678/night-of-the-living-dead.htmlfor some of the missing dialog -LRB- scroll down -RRB- as well as a fair comparison of this Blu Ray with Optimum 's version.This disc should be pulled from distribution . Buyer beware!I wish I could give it less than one star ...
 was to buy this edition . Run away . Turn back , before it 's too late . This piece of crap deserves NO STARS but that is not an option . The only postive thing I can say is that the video transfer of the original is nice ... not great but nice . The new stuff is unwatchable . Just say boo !
 Save your money , and avoid this DVD like the plague . It 's another snake-oil-salesman attempt at cheating you out of your money . This 1968 version of Night of the Living Dead was NOT shot in 3-D . This is 2-D to 3-D conversion of this 2-D movie , and probably the WORST conversion I 've ever seen . I bought this DVD and watched the 3-D , hoping for fun . But , it is mostly flat 2-D that has just been pushed a couple inches straight back -- there 's no 3-D form to anything . It 's completely bogus.This movie is classic black & white horror and well worth watching , without the extra eye strain of fake 3-D . Buy a normal DVD version.The original version of this movie is a classic , and you can find it on DVD -LRB- ASIN
 This is THE biggest waste of money I have ever encountered . I had n't seen the film since I was a kid , so I bought it hoping to see a re-enactment of my childhood memories , and it seemed that this was n't the way I had remembered the film.So to compensate , I took a chance and bought the Elite Entertainment THX Millennium Edition of `` Night Of The Living Dead '' to see the way this classic was supposed to be.Well , to say the least I snapped this `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' in half and burnt the rest of the material in protest . In short , THIS ANCHOR BAY EDITION IS THE MOST HORRIBLE PRESENTATION OF THIS CLASSIC . YOU MUST AVOID !
 I am commenting on the 30th Ed only not the film as it was made orginally ; -LRB- which gets 5 stars for being a perfect example of a horror movie -RRB- . This version of easily a classic film is dreadful . I do n't just mean ` Anne Nicole Smith ' dreadful but more ` Pauly Shore ' dreadful.What u get here is an extra 15 min of footage added to an already perfect film and 15 min of orginal footage taken out . Quite simply , the new footage is by far the worst slice of acting , ego and obession with a product that needed none of it.First of all John Russo is a hack that had to have his work polished by George A Romero back in 1968 to even make it a worthwhile film . Johns claim to fame on this movie is that he came up with the idea that the zombies would eat flesh . Based on that he has arranged with fellow delusional buddy 's to add more dimension to the story.He aint done this.What he has done is make new footage based around the graveyard zombie from the orginal and added the worst acting priest in the world . These scenes make a mockary of the entire film and i pledge people new to this film to watch the original as it should be seen.I have no issues with getting another addition of the movie so that the picture and sound are better , -LRB- personally the old grain effect added to the movie , but seeing it crystal clear was great -RRB- . But do not by this addition.It really does n't add to the film but clearly subtracts from the overall movie . I did enjoy the more extensive scenes with the zombies from the diner and the car wreak but that was it.Oh actually the music was ok but those new scenes are just that bad . It gets one star because the original is a classic and well worth multiple views , this is worth dumping in the nearest bin.DO NOT PURCHASE AND DO NOT SUPPORT THIS DVD ...
 Every single moment of new footage and new scoring is a raging miscalculation . You 're left bewildered , scratching your head , wondering how good-intentioned people could screw up so comprehensively . Get the great Elite edition instead .
 The DVD you will receive in the mail is not the one pictured . This has been my most disappointing Amazon purchase yet . The DVD itself looks as though it was made by a 16-year old in his basement with a laptop . Also , my copy was defective . When I reached the fifth chapter of the film , it just stops . Stay away from this version of the film .
 All right , now I am no fan of zombie movies , but if anything I suppose there has to be some limited appreciation for this , Romero 's film which some say ` started this whole zombie thing ' . As such , I do appreciate that Romero understands there is more to fright then gore . In fact , as far as I am concerned the focus is all on those inside the house , with yes that memory about what lurks outside.Still though , I just do not see anything too particularly enthralling about zombies . I mean , they are zombies with zombiesqe movements and zombiesh attitudes . This means they are slow and boring . Now as I mentioned , Romero helped alleviate this , but I still , with my clear anti-zombie bias , am not a fan of this film . Sorry .
 Black and White made the atmosphere of this Romero classic perfect . Even on some levels , the Black and White helped in the racial undertones that you feel in the movie where the black man is the hero for the scared white people in the farmhouse . But colorized?The effects work in B&W. ; In color they 'll just look campy.This was a bad marketing idea .
 I have no idea how this film ever made it to cult status . I thought it might have been taken as a `` turkey '' - an unintentional comedy because of its dismal production values , 8 mm film quality , and 20 $ reel to reel tape recorder audio standards . No ! There are people who actually find this frightening . I want their names so that I wo n't have them around me during a real crisis - they would probably fall apart . I do n't get this film . A group of ugly actors stumble around trying to act like zombies . Occasionally , they eat meat - pretending it is human flesh . It is n't scary . It is simply a low budget , drive in movie that might have filled the third slot of a late night triple feature . The story could be told in 30 seconds . Horribly bad . And I do n't mean so bad that it is campy and funny . Just horribly bad .
 Like the title says , I did n't find anything great about this movie , it was boring , dull and so weak that I fell asleep watching it.And no , I saw this long before I saw Resident Evil , which I found more entertaning then this .
 Jesus Christ George ! How many times are you going to re-re-re-re-release this movie ? Their are as many versions of this movie floating around as their are Friday the 13th episodes . Quadruple dipping must be a George thing .
 I would n't waste my time on this one , do n't get confused like me - the one we 're all looking for says `` 40th Anniversary Edition '' and `` 2 Disc Set '' or `` No B.S. '' in the title and description . That 's the original movie released to celebrate the 40th Anniversary .
 Well , i 've always been a fan of zombie movies , especially Dawn of the dead which i own about two copies of it on DVD.I also saw Day of dead which was ` nt as good as dawn but was an ok movie . I 've never seen Night of the Living dead before last night , although i did hear about it alot and that it is one of the best zombie movies as well as being a landmark of horror movies.I was excited to see it , so i bought the DVD and just last night i watched it , and to my surprise i found Night quit dissapointing , it had poor acting , poor editing , poor music , and poor directing in addition of not being scary at all.So i felt really bad and dissapointed for wasting money on this crap and for wasting my time on such an over-rated movie that has no potential of being anything other than a dead classic that should be left to its own time .
 This has to be the worst movie ever made . It was incredibly violent and led to many of today 's gory movies . There is also a brief -LRB- but not graphic -RRB- scene of nudity , and plenty of profanity . If you like zombie movies get these instead.White Zombie -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Revolt of the Zombies -LRB- 1936 -RRB- King of the Zombies -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Plan 9 from Outer Space -LRB- 1958 -RRB- Invisible Invaders -LRB- 1959 -RRB- The Last Man on Earth -LRB- 1963 -RRB- They Came from Beyond Space -LRB- 1967 -RRB- Shock Waves -LRB- 1976 -RRB-
 I just picked up this version of night of living dead . I already have all the other special editions of the film , However this one had a commentary from Mike Nelson from Mystey Science Theater 3000 which i figured would be quite funny . Much to my suprise the quality of the film was about the same as my old VHS version , and the commentary was just rotten he tried so hard to be funny but he fell flat no humor at all . Such a waste !!!!!!
 The item was not able to play because the blue ray was for a different zone , more likely another country , I would not purchase an item not playable in the united states . I am totally disappointed in amazon and will think twice before I purchase anything from here again .
 Creepy little movie yet poor taste , Gore is n't as bad as the next in the installments , Would n't define as Classic Horror but Classic Shock .
 I was raised on horror movies , and Romero 's `` Dead '' trilogy in particular . Naturally , when I got a DVD player , this was one of the first films that I wanted . Thankfully , I took this edition out of the library rather than purchasing it , because I would have kicked myself forever for buying it . My advice ? Go for another edition with more extras , or buy the VHS version . It 's not worth the money . I only gave this one star because the computer kicked it back without a rating .
 do not purchase this version of notld unless all other versions are phased out . horrible film transfer , with lots of missing film and dialogue.you 're better off taping it on a & e w/the commercials cut out .
 I 'll make this quick because people must know this before buying this horrible atrocity of a Special Edition ! The new score that has been added sounds like terrible last-minute MIDI crap and the extra scenes have no relevance or point at all as they are filmed just before it was put on the dvd -LSB- I 'm guessing ' 97 ? -RSB- . The extra ending actually has a character overcome being a zombie ? Yeah , really stupid , I know . I recently bought a plain ordinary edition of Night of the Living Dead for 10 $ or so and I recommend you just do that or get the Millenium Edition everyone is raving about . Do n't fall into the trap of buying this horrible HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE !! edition of a brilliant classic . Trust me on this .
 The following review refers to the 30th anniversary edition . I was expecting a lot from this edition , but after watching it I was very disappointed . In my opinion , the added footage does n't really add anything to the movie . If anything , it detracts from it . The new music score is also very disappointing . Loud , overbearing , and totally out of place in this film . And I wo n't even go into how terrible the acting is in the new scenes . If you have never seen night of the living dead , I definitely do n't recommend this version for your first viewing . Actually , I do n't recommend this version at all . Stick to the original .
 This is a majorly disappointing dvd . The transfer is poor ; with the image cropped slightly and white tones that are too grey -LRB- leading many to think the movie is murkier than it is -RRB- . These complaints are pretty much moot when you consider the real failure of this dvd . THE ORIGINAL FILM IS NOT ON IT.This disc includes two different versions of the film but NEITHER are the original . The new extended cut was made without George Romero 's involvement ... actually lets not even debate that . The fact of the matter is the new cut is really poor . The new opening for the film is frustrating , and all the footage that has been added of the preacher is tedious and annoying.Many people have thought that the other version on the disc is the original , and i will admit i made that mistake . It is not . It is a version of the movie `` trimmed '' by the producers to make it move a little faster . If you can live with this edit , thats cool . I want the original film.Let 's also mention the second disc including the score . I 've rarely heard a more inappropriate theme for a movie like this -LRB- it is not the original soundtrack -RRB- . I once bought a dollar store version of cabinet of dr. caligari that had loops of circus music put under it . I feel similarly raped by this.The only good thing is that this is a limited edition , which will hopefully keep it out of the hands of most people.Personally , i recommend the Elite Entertainment millenium edition , which was made with Romero 's involvement .
 The only reason I have given this a single star , is because I could not post this comment with NO stars , but it deserves none.Quick , do yourself and true film fans a favour , GO FIND THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM , AND BUY THAT!THAT version IS the definitive DVD version of the original classic.Clean images , clean audio , great supplements and commentary.THIS version?Well , let me put it this way.You will appreciate the 30th Anniversary Edition of NOTLD only if you think it 's okay for the guy who built the frame for the Mona Lisa to repaint it with lousy colors.Or if you think the guy who delivered the blank tapes to Capitol and Apple should legally be able to recut and remix all of the Beatles tunes.This DVD is a travesty.John Russo has no talent to make a NEW film -LRB- a quick glance at Children of the Dead will bear this out -RRB- , so he continues to ride the wave of the original NOTLD 's classic status to give himself permission to destroy the very elements which made it a classic in the first place.To remove 17 minutes of original footage is enough of a crime.To replace those scenes with 18 minutes of amateurish , poorly acted and poorly conceived ` new scenes ' is the bottom of the barrel stupidity.Add Scott ` Anton LeVay-as-Preacher ' Licina 's horrible acting and derivative , irritating and ineffective score , and you 've got a recipe for a lousy DVD.Is the picture good ? Yes , but since this is NOT the original film , it 's hard to praise the technical merits of this DVD.It saddens me to think there are people who did NOT see the original NOTLD before this dismal failure was released , and may think THIS is the definitive version.It is most assuredly not.Even if you ca n't find the Millenium Edition ... even the grainy , cheap public domain $ 5 DVD 's at discount video stores are better , if only because they are showing the REAL original film.This one is a crime .
 Putrid . It is a real shame when you see people who should be digging ditches or flipping burgers somewhere getting money to make a film . The additional scenes and new music score in this version of NOTLD made me cry . Blind , aimless talent took advantage of the copyright freedoms on this one and created what may be the worst expeirience in film histoy . Only in America can this kind of crap get through so many levels of screening and no doubt make money . I honestly think I will give up on caring about anything now that I realize I could probably vomit on celluloid and enjoy profitable returns .
 THOSE WHO ARE AFTER THE 3D VERSION TAKE NOTE : For some reason , every review for Night of the Living Dead , no matter what version of the 1968 release is all piled into one mess . Yes , all the 4 and 5 star ratings are NOT FOR THE 3D VERSION , but instead for the Millennium edition which is not 3D and a different product !! The 3D version is a total quickie conversion scam . I was using passive polarized glasses with the correct interlace settings and all it does is make the viewing screen look a bit deeper , so you are basically looking at 2D - just a bit further back ; THAT IS NOT 3D . Oh , and who ever produced this decided to super impose a few 3D gimmicks over the original 2D movie -LRB- terribly done and VERY very little of it -RRB- . So , you 're basically watching a 2D Movie with about 4 seconds of 3D that looks like it was created by a pre-teen with a laptop . I can only imagine how the anaglyph -LRB- red/cyan paper glasses -RRB- version looked . Probably even worse , plus a major headache.BUYER BEWAREStick with the classic 2D version -- the original film is a horror master piece , this so called , 3D version is a disgrace .
 This 30th Anniversary Edition takes the original Night of the Living Dead movie and throws in a new soundtrack and new scenes . As far as I was concerned , the original movie was perfect as is and this was unnecessary , however I decided to be openminded and give this edition a chance considering that the new material was written by John Russo -LRB- who co-wrote the original movie -RRB- , and has photography -LRB- and acting -RRB- by Hinzman -LRB- who also helped create the original -RRB- . I was completely let down.The new scenes include a new introduction , miscellaneous scenes of zombies marching and getting killed by rednecks , and a new epilogue . The miscellaneous scenes sometimes interfere with the flow of the movie , the makeup is less effective , and some of the new extras are terrible . They do a half decent job of editing in the new scenes , but they are still noticeable -LRB- for example , the fashions are not quite right -RRB- . The new introduction and epilogue are ridiculous.The intro merely establishes that the lead zombie -LRB- played by Hinzman -RRB- was a criminal when alive . This takes away from one of the films most effective elements
 I purchased this DVD with great anticipation . I really looked forward to new scenes -LRB- which I thought were cut from the original move , not added at a later date -RRB- . While the new scenes at the beginning helped to explain the beginning of the movie , it did n't make up for the footage cut . After viewing the entire movie , I was absolutely devastated that I had wasted my money on this assault on one of my favorite movies of all times . The new score also grated on me after about 5 minutes . I will be giving away this -LSB- DVD -RSB- as soon as possible . I appreciate the recommendations about the Elite edition - I think I 'll check that out . Thanks .
 Boy , this is a tough one . The original `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a landmark genre milestone , deserving buckets of praise . Despite pitiful actors , crude make-up effects and a budget from hell , George A. Romero really struck a nerve in 1968 . He created a classic that still to this day stands out as one of the best . A classic in no need of any additional scenes ... Therefore , I can not for the life of me explain how much I HATE this new version of the film . The 15 minutes of new footage brings absolutely nothing to the story . Only confusion and irritation . There is a new religious angle -LRB- given to us by the most hysterical and hideously overacted priest in cinematic history -RRB- , that completely ruins the quiet mood of the original . Some extra gore-scenes and shots of more modern looking ghouls have been added , replacing several well known zombie shots from the 60 's version.The soundtrack has been completely replaced by modern synthesized music , a move that finally puts the lid on the original movie , turning it into a modern day techno extravaganza with the 60 's atmosphere of a Marilyn Manson concert . The most tremendously clumsy and idiotic fault is that the sound is out of sync with the action in many scenes , which really makes you wonder who in God 's name approved the final print . The only good thing I can say about this new edition is that the picture quality has never been better . Super sharp and crystal clear , the best transfer ever.I really suffer with Mr. Romero ... His first masterpiece has been bashed by critics , truncated by censors and marketed by greedy people who ripped him off financially . It has been remade and restored with terrible results and he will forever be associated with every worthless new experiment , churned out by dollar hungry amateurs determined to bank in on his name.I sincerely hope he had nothing to do with this release . Romero is a quality-buff , adamant about the perfection of his work . He is hardly mentioned in the narration , and I 'm pretty sure he 's happy about it . Because no matter what happens , George A. Romero will always be the one and only inimitable master of the living dead.No one can ever take that away from him ...
 This is one of the worst transfers of Night of the Living Dead I have ever seen . It looks to me like this was an old 16mm educational print that was `` reamastered '' -LRB- read re-transferred -RRB- to DVD to avoid copyright violation of re-releasing someone else 's videomaster . For those who do n't know , NOLTD is in public domain and these pirates are releasing the film without compensating the filmmakers for their hard work . If you want to see an excellent transfer with great extras that has been approved by the filmmakers , check out the Millennium Edition from Anchor Bay .
 I 've been putting off watching this version of NOTLD for quite some time ... every review I 'd read about it warned me away from wasting my time and money on the 30th Anniversary edition , but finally curiosity got the best of me , and I rented it tonight . While it 's not as terrible as most reviewers would have one believe , it definitely could have been done better . The idea itself had a lot of potential , but this potential is never realized . I can see four main problems with this version.First of all , the new scenes stick out like a sore thumb ... as well-filmed as most of them are , and as much as some of the new scenes truly do serve the story -LRB- the scene of the family killed in the car crash coming back to life is as disturbing as any zombie scene from the original -RRB- , they look far too `` clean '' to be grafted into the original 1968 version . Surely there 's some way to `` age '' this footage to make it look just as grainy as the original footage ... even the near-pristine Millennium Edition released by Elite is n't quite as clean as the new scenes . There should have been some attempt to keep some consistency between the orignal footage and the added scenes , even if it was at the expense of the picture quality of the new footage.Second , there 's the music . Scott Vladimir Licina has composed a new score for the film that would sound right at home on a Midnight Syndicate album ... but as much as I like that style of music , it has no place in a film that is as established a horror classic as NOTLD . Here and there , the score of the original version , which was not composed specifically for the film but expertly pieced together from the Capitol Records Hi-Q Library , peeks through for a few minutes , but then is overtaken by Licina 's modern synth-heavy score . Just as with the new film footage , there is a big problem with consistency here . The film should have either been completely re-scored with Licina 's modern music , leaving out all of the original soundtrack -LRB- not an option I 'm fond of , but an option nonetheless -RRB- , or the original score should have been kept intact , possibly supplemented by compatible musical themes from the Capitol Records library or whatever its equivalent would be today.Third , there 's the issue of Bill Hinzman 's character ... as awesome as his original graveyard zombie was , there was no need to `` resurrect '' him for the new footage . One could honestly mistake the zombie in the new footage as having been played by a different actor ... the new scenes show him with a far pastier , paler complexion than his 1968 performance , and his hair is n't even consistent -LRB- but then , if you look closely in the original version , his hair is average-length in the cemetery scenes and is then in a crew-cut in the attack at the end of the film , so maybe this aspect is excusable , albeit in a tongue-in-cheek fashion -RRB- . This could have been worked around by simply not showing his face in the new footage ... done properly , the audience would still be able to make the connection.Finally , the ending was completely uncalled for ... the radiation explanation suggested -LRB- but never completely established -RRB- by the original was more than adequate . The `` One Year Later '' nonsense forces us to sit through more apocalyptic ramblings by Licina 's annoying priest character , who had already worn out his welcome by the time Hinzman 's zombie puts the bite on him . It also is a bit confusing , since at the very end we jump back in time to the bonfire and the gritty stills showing Ben 's final moments.In the bonus features , I saw John Russo , Russ Streiner , Bill Hinzman , and even Karl `` Harry Cooper '' Hardman participating in the filming of the new footage , but the one person from the original NOTLD crew who could have possibly pulled this off was nowhere to be found . George Romero had nothing to do with this production ... he likely knew better than to try improving on his original masterpiece . In any case , while I may come back to view this version now and then just for something different , it in no way supplants the original version , no more than Dean Lachiusa 's downright disrespectful `` Survivor 's Cut '' does -LRB- but we 'll save that for another review -RRB- . It 's an intriguing aside , but the real collector 's item is and always will be Elite 's Millennium Edition .
 When I first saw the packaging for this Special Edition of Night of the Living Dead it said there was 15 minutes of new footage and a new score . Well , GREAT I thought . 15 minutes of new footage that must 've been cut out from the original release ! New score , well , that could be a good thing too!Until I opened the box to see the little booklet that revealed the ugly truth ... There are new scenes alright . New scenes made by new people TWO YEARS AGO ! The new scenes are badly acted , badly written , and badly edited . Scenes that subtract from the overall impact of the film and do nothing but taint a true horror classic . The new music is a cheesy synthesizer score that does nothing but irritate and distract throughout the film . -LRB- Cheesy synthesizer is good for other horror films , but it does NOT work well here . -RRB- I originally bought this at a store , got it home and did n't even sit through the whole thing . I zipped through various chapters to see the HORRIBLE new additions in all their glory . The next day I took it back and told them it skipped because I was so determined to get rid of it.STAY AWAY !
 This review pertains only to the `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' . I had been collecting George A. Romero 's `` Living Dead '' trilogy on DVD and had purchased this without paying enough attention . Big mistake.Night of the Living Dead has had some colossally confusing release patterns thanks to a copyright gaffe which had enabled every company under the sun to release the film and profit from it . But of the ` rogue editions ' I 've seen , nothing is worse than this one.Notice the list of personnel involved in this project
 Yes , Night of the Living Dead is an excellent , classic zombie movie , but the 30th anniversary edition is a sham with new footage , sound effects , and music haphazardly sandwiched in along with the original film . I have no problem with remaking a good movie . The 1990 remake of Night of the Living Dead was fantastic . Remakes or remasters are one thing , but adding brand new scenes to such a beloved film makes no sense . The producers of this final product -LRB- George Romero was not involved -RRB- should be ashamed of ruining a classic movie.The new footage , and when I say new , I mean new , shot 30 years after the original , has little to do with the original and really disturbs the flow . New sound effects and score are so heavy handed that they distract you from actually enjoying the movie.Please be aware that you are not buying a remastered Night of the Living Dead , but a remastered Night of the Living Dead with several new unrelated scenes , music , and sound effects . I just do n't want anybody else to get burned on this like I did .
 Really , NOTLD was a great movie , you can not improve upon greatness , so do n't try . I know John Russo worked on the screenplay to the first NOTLD , but he should have left it alone . All the talent must have been from the great George A. Romero . John Russo should stick to skin filcks like his Santa Calws and Scream Queen 's Naked Christmas where nobody cares about a story line . Leave the classics to someone who knows what they are doing !
 Why is n't anyone reviewing the Blu-Ray `` Night of the Living Dead '' I 've gone through all newest reviews not one talks about the new Blu-Ray copy . Why ??
 Some years back , a colorized version of `` NOTLD '' appeared on TV ; the stark black and white zombies of one of my favorite independent films suddenly became green.Yes , green.I did n't watch more than ten minutes of that version , and I should 've stopped at about the same minute count with this `` 30th Anniversary '' version.The added prologue , epilogue and additional scenes -LRB- which were n't cut from the original film , but recently filmed for inclusion here -RRB- not only fail to make any significant contribution to `` NOTLD , '' they actually DETRACT from it.For instance , why would you want to mute one of the most chilling openings in film history ? I 'm referring , of course , to the opening scene where the main undead character slowly ambles up to the bickering brother and sister , eventually killing the brother.That scene , however , no longer opens the movie . Now , we get a couple of country bumpkins going off to bury a corpse.The new material is warped not only by poor writing -- the additional material serves NO PURPOSE to the story -- but abysmal acting.Despite its budgetary constraints , the original `` NOTLD '' had some decent acting . Duane Jones in particular does a terrific job . This new version contains some performances so terrible as to incite its own form of terror
 Made with a $ 5 budget and 5 cent actors . The script was wanting for a script . The director appeared to make up the flow of the plot as the story fumbled along .
 The MOVIE is 5 stars.This DVD is 1 star.This is the re-edited version of the original classic . If you want the original classic them go elsewhere . If you want to see a new `` version '' - not a remastered version ! - but a new `` version '' with new soundtrack , editing and scenes then this may be for you . If you want the original classic then go elsewhere to look for it!You have be warned .
 Another terrible movie from that terrible Director George A. Romero . This time , there are only about twenty zombies waiting outside.The zombies in this look better than those in Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- but are still very boring and unrealistic . Like i 've said before , zombies would n't be able to move without certain orgains opertating properly in their bodies . Another thing I have just discovered is the fact that if the heart and lungs were operating and moving the body , then the rest of the organs in the body would be recieving blood , so they would be operating too . Meaning the body would be alive . ALIVE !!!! The story is terrible . A group of people seek shelter in some house and , for some reason , are afraid to leave . There are about 15-20 zombies waiting outside . Why do n't they just brake in the house ? Because the man sets a chair on fire and throws it outside . Wait a minute . Why are they afraid of fire ? They 're dead . They do n't know what fire is and they do n't get hurt by the flames . Why does it scare them so ? Romero never answered that question . It sounds to me like Romero just needed an answer.Another question not answered . Why are zombies walking around the earth ? They put out the idea of radiation from Venus , but never confirmed it . In Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- they said that there was a possibility of a viral outbreak . So , they still have n't found the answer . I wonder when Romero will tell the answer . If Romero does n't need to answer the question , why does James Gunn 's and Zack Snyder 's obviousley superior version of Dawn need an explanation . They set out the idea of a virus , just like the original Dawn . Who knows ? It sounds to me like the people are just trying find away to make an argument between which version of Dawn was better . The answer to that is obvious . The new Dawn.The acting is terrible . I know it was low-budget , but you could get better women performances from the lady serving you at the resteraunt . The women in the movie were just terrible . The men were good , but the women were terrible . I could n't stand them.This is a comedy that was poorly done . It was n't very funny and ... What ? It 's not a comedy ? It looked like a comedy . It was n't scary , or entertaining as a matter of fact . I thought they were trying to be funny . The way the zombies acted , the acting , the lines , the pathetic attempt to gas up the truck . I thought this was supposed to be a comedy.This is a terrible movie and a terrible DVD . I think it 's about time George Romero died . He 's just not a good director.Thank god they fired him from Resident Evil . I ca n't stand thinking of the name . George A. Romero 's Resident Evil . It 's the George A. Romero 's part that I do n't like . Paul Anderson did a better job than Romero would have ever done .
 What the hell is this ? How the hell could this inspire anything ? This is crap.Romero begins his `` dead trilogy '' with this piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap.It all starts with a trip to the cemetery . This is where Romero shows just how terrible the actors are . Our main female character , Barbara , is a pathetic woman who 's brother is too childish . He says , `` They 're coming to get you Barbara . They coming for you . '' What was Romero thinking when he came up with this?The whole movie takes place in some tiny house in the middle of an empty field . Inside this house , a dead woman . During the movie , about twenty zombies -LRB- who do n't go to the mall -RRB- wait outside . Why do n't they go inside and attack the people ? Because the lead male character throws a burning chair outside . This scares the zombies -LRB- for some reason -RRB- and keeps them away from the house.Now the acting in this movie is not too bad . Just kidding . It 's terrible . Especially the females . I know there were better women actors out back in the sixties . Barbara tries to recreate the `` tragedy '' the occurs at the beginning . When she says , `` He grabbed me . '' She actually starts grabbing herself . Then she says , `` He grabbed out my clothes . '' She actually starts grabbing her clothes and pulling on them . It 's ridiculous.Romero decides to have a pathetic scene where the characters try to gas-up the truck . This is where Romero shows off his terrible writing by having the zombies fear fire . Zombies do n't attack the people because of the fire . Ridiculous.The worst part about all this is that it fails to be funny . I know Romero was trying to be funny , but he failed miserably . The jokes are terrible . The actors he hired were not meant to be in comedies . Every time they told the audience a joke , it just came out as stupid lines of dialogue.This crack-head had no idea how to film a movie , and he still does n't . Let 's all wait for his fourth peice of crap that he pulls out of his a $ $ and molds into a film , just so we can laugh at it.Oh , by the way . I recall someone saying that Romero has an original idea going on with his fourth film . Last I checked , he had a vehicle in it called the `` Dead Reckoning '' . It was a bunch of armored busses . Sounds like a recent zombie movie . Does n't it ? Then idiots will try to tell you that Romero wrote the script first , so he did n't take anything . That 's wrong . The original script for the remake of Dawn was written in 1999 . Romero did n't write his script for his fourth dead film until 2001 . Seems to me that they have been trying to get the remake of Dawn made longer than the time Romero 's been trying to get his fourth film made.The most disgusting thing of all is that people in the sixties `` flocked like birds to this stink bomb . '' -- Matt Perri . He 's one of those people that say that nobody can compare `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' to zombie movies , but anybody can compare zombie movies to `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' . Yes , that was a qoute from the remake of Dawn , but I wanted to give him credit because he said it first . Yep , he does comapre `` Dawn 2004 '' to `` Days '' , even though he has said you ca n't compare them . He does it anyway.Can you believe . You Romero fans are e-mailing me . You do n't see me e-mailing anybody . Even if they call a movie a like the dumbest thing ever made.OH , and all you people that say the original `` Dawn '' is good because it is about `` consumerism '' . Does that mean if I do a 2 hour movie about a leaf growing on a tree , then following to the ground , it should become a `` classic '' . Right ? That what you guys are saying with the original `` Dawn '' . It was about `` consumerism '' , it was stupid . I got into an argument at school with my Spanish teacher who used to work at a video rental . We were talking about the original `` Dawn '' and the remake -LRB- this was during class . Everyone in the room was listening -RRB- . All he would ever go back to was the fact that it was about `` consumerism '' . That 's it . Whenever I got him , he would say the original was about `` consumerism '' , and the remake was not . This means , to me , that if one were to do a movie and make a metaphor out of it , then one would get lots of money . That 's what Romero fans did with Romero 's films . He made a metaphor , and you liked . That does n't take away the fact that his movies are boring , cheesy , stupid , pathetic , idiotic pieces of crap he pulled out of his as * and molded into a film . I make a movie about a leaf falling to the ground . First we watch it grow for two hours , then it falls . No acting , no script , No CGI , no visuals , nothing , but i 'm making a metaphor . I 'm saying that we are all leaves growing on a tree until our time is up , then we fall on the ground . It should be a classic . Right ? That 's what Romero fans did with the crappy `` dead trilogy '' . Hey , they call it a `` dead trilogy '' for a reason . It 's dead . Let it go . Romero sucks.E-mailing people you do n't know . Is that what Romero fans like to do to pass the time ?
 I just bought this on Amazon used , and it has absolutly NO subtitles at all ... which is very unfortunate cause its almost like false advertisement.Since , I am a big fan of this film , I intend on keeping it , because there are soooo many copies out there of this film.The picture is a little fussy , and the sound is n't that great either ... but I got it for damn subtitles ... oh well !
 You guys were right ! A friend of mine bought this new version and it is laughable . All they did was screw up a movie that was already as near a perfect classic as you can get . To anyone thinking of buying this DVD - SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Buy the limited release Halloween instead . With an improved picture and remastered THX sound , it 's how a rerelease sound be done .
 This 30th anniversary version of NOTLD is a grotesque and venal deconstruction . Here is one of the few truly great horror films ever made ; yet John Russo & co. thought it needed improving . So they cut out some of the `` slow '' scenes and inserted several new ones . The result is an unqualified disaster . These new segments -- talky , poorly shot , and poorly acted -- subvert all the carefully built-up rhythms of the original . And speaking of rhythms
 I am a filmmaker and fan of NOTLD . I have never been so offended by a `` special edition '' of a film in all my life . The new scenes are poorly acted and edited , the new score is a laughable MIDI nightmare of its own , and the sound mix has been worsened by bad sync and poorer sound effects quality than the original back in 1968 . To those who willingly particpated in this travesty - shame on all of you .
 You 'd be much better off buying Madacy Entertainment 's poor-quality , budget-minded version . At least that version maintains the integrity ofGeorge Romero 's vision . Anchor Bay 's so-called `` expanded and enhanced '' version consists of 15 minutes of the most horrible acting in the history of American cinema . The new `` score '' does n't score at all . Worse yet -LRB- and that 's saying a lot -RRB- , the DD 5.1 soundtrack relies too much on the center-channel giving the new dialogue -LRB- HA ! -RRB- an unrealistic `` tinniness '' . The transfer quality shows signs of neglect near the bottom of the screen in certain sequences . Buyer beware
 Warning to readers
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my all-time favourite Horror films but it looks sooooooooo weak in colour , it takes every chill and thrill out of the film and makes it look like the SESAME STREET HALLOWEEN SPECIAL . Duane Jone 's face looks like expired chocolate and the zombies look like normal people . Turn your back on this one , Horror fans and see the B&W version instead .
 This 30th anniversary is probably good for a rent to compare the difference between this and the original , BUT DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING IT . This film has been wrongly tampered with and the original film is just so much better . Not only are the new scenes obviously poorly sliced in , you can tell the difference in the film and the surroundings . The new soundtrack is a mistake , the original was so much better and the new begining and ending do n't do anything new or add any flavor . Rent it . . do n't buy it
 Night of the living dead is not only a cult classic , but a great film , frightening , suspenseful , intelligent , beautiful because its cheap budget made it rely on subtle mechanisms and strong acting , but 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION has BUTCHERED that simple brilliance . The edition offers two versions of the film , neither of which are original . One is a 1998 version , mostly identical to the '68 cut , but with a new score by a composer of campy ` horror flick ' music . This may be a cheap rip-off of the success the ACCLAIMED composer , philip glass , had with re-scoring the original Dracula with bela lugosi , but the new score for Living Dead does nothing but take away from the film 's suspense and beauty.The other version is labled as the 30th Anniversary Edition , with NEW , -LRB- not original deleted -RRB- , scenes . They were filmed recenly , with new technology , so the scened do n't mesh well , and they have no bearing on the original plot.This edition is ostentatious and campy . it is a cheap effort to capitalize on an old success . The effect is a worsened film , no better than the multitudes of B movies that rushed at its heels like so many gold-diggers to a brand new mine.DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION OF NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD
 One day when I was about 13 , I bought a old VHS of Night of the Living Dead at Wal-Mart for $ 5 . I had no idea what I was buying and no idea what kind of horror I was about to witness . I made the mistake of watching the movie by myself in a dark room that night . Halfway through the movie I had the light on and was peering out the window and looking at the door to the TV room . This movie scared the heck out of me . Anything to do with Zombies would forever scare me especially when I watched the other movies by Romero and played the Resident Evil Games on Playstation . That was then and now I am 27 . I still have the VHS copy of Night of the Living Dead . I will never get rid of it because that movie still scares me to this day . Then I am looking thru the DVD movies and I come across this movie . Night of the Living Dead - 30th Anniversary Edition . My first thoughts were , Awsome ! I then sat and watched all the aspects of this DVD . I can not believe they tried to milk this movie again and all they accomplished was defiling this great horror classic . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the new score music was pretty cool , but did not belong in this movie . What they should have really done was code this movie to DVD without altering it at all . The new re-edited , re-scored , extras scene added version of this horror classic is a horror to watch . The new added scenes actually had me laughing at the bad acting . I know many of you are saying , bah ! What do you know ! Let me explain .1 . The added scenes where completly horrible and full of bad acting . Yes the scenes were added seamlessly because they remastered the movie . The preacher was a horrible Billy Zane wannabe and the zombies in the new footage could not even walk like a zombie . Another scene had a car crash where the driver hit the winshield and lost his brain , and the wife in the passenger seat and two daughters in the back of the car have no injuries and seemed to have remained in their seats and not sprawled all over the car after a head on collision with a tree . They were not even wearing seatbelts ! Many of the Zombies just walked normally , how horrible ! And they spent money to add this footage ? Total rip-off ! 2 . The added score is completely awful . This is a old movie and needed the old sounding music from the orginal . They try to add the new score everywhere in this movie ! Someplaces in the movie need to have no music ! This sets the mood and has the audience on edge . The orginal score , what they called `` library music '' , was better than the junk they added . 3 . The totally ripped and hacked the movie cuting out dead scenes that took up space . This space is needed to again keep the audience on edge and have them thinking what will happen next . So what do you get ? I hacked and cut movie where some parts are cut to add the 15 minutes of new footage . A total waste . 4 . All the extras are just a waste of time to watch . If you have to have this DVD to add to your collection , do n't say I warned you . It is horrible , horrible , horrible . You are better off finding the movie un-edited . Yes the re-mastering cleared it up , but the blurryness of the orginal added to the horror of the movie . On a final note , if it aint broke , DO N'T FIX IT !
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is indeed a terrific film but this colorized edition stinks
 I did not receive this dvd I got a cd instead I did receive a refund
 If MTV was smart , and they used to be , along with funny , relevant , and entertaining -LRB- they even played music videos all the time ! -RRB- It was on all day in my house , and you could always count on the VJs passing along some wacky facts , or artists dropping by who could actually speak coherently . Anyway , MTV could make their massive video catalog available to the public . You could browse online and choose the videos you wanted , pay $ 2 - $ 3 each and MTV would either create a custom DVD for you and send it out , or you could download them and make your own DVDs . I would gladly pay to have several DVDs that contained only the videos I wanted . And there are about 100 I want , just off the top of my head.As it is , I am happy to watch my old and fading copies made back then and occasionally catch an old great on VH1 Classic , rather than have someone else pick out 10 videos , 4 of which I may want , the rest I do n't . This one did nothing for me . Luckily it was a gift . I never would 've bought it for myself .
 I rate this 2 stars because it is just not enough to make me happy , I want more!Why is it so hard to find classic 80 's mucic videos on DVD ? The few collections that are out there are not enough . I 'm begging you MTV , please release some really nice definitive collections that include the great songs that were always on when you were the greatest channel on TV . My memories of the 80 's almost always include the time I spent watching MTV all hours of the day and night . I remember waiting and waiting for my favorites to come on . Eurythmics , Adam Ant , Men at Work , Thomas Dolby , Flock of Seagulls and Duran Duran . MTV introduced me to New Wave and made me crave it and now they keep it from me . I know that the cost of paying royalties probably has something to do with the lack of product out there . There must be someway of creating these collections.I have an idea about a format that I would like to see . How about making a documentary about each year and talking about the trends and the music that MTV helped to establish and have the full unedited version of the top 15 or 20 videos from that year . You have already done something like that on VH1 with the `` I Love the 80 's '' series . You could just concentrate on the music more and leave out the movies and historical events . You could interview the original VJ 's and even bands themselves . VH1 has done a show where they try to reunite bands , this only makes me want to see the original videos even more . The demand is there MTV , when will you supply ? Ok , if you wo n't do the documentary thing , just release the videos in seperate volumes for each year.It just seems unfair that I can own every episode of my favorite TV shows from the past but I ca n't watch or own the music videos that were so much a part of my life . I WANT MY MTV !!!! -LRB- the way it used to be -RRB- So there it is , I 'm hoping that some big shot from MTV will see this and start working on putting the history of the first Music television channel on DVD so that the people who witnessed their birth can relive those times again by watching the videos that made MTV what it is today .
 I love the 80 's , have a huge collection , used to host a 80 's music radio show , and have a fairly large video collection . This DVD stinks . First its one of those funny discs that wont play in every player . Second , titles , if I pay this much for music videos I want them clean . And third the quality is poor . I have most of these songs elsewhere and the quality there is much better . I know that video quality in the 80 's was n't always the best , this DVD is worse than the originals . Its a nice collection , but save the cash and buy it on VHS instead .
 The idea of classic 80 's videos being available on DVD is great , but this is n't worth getting .
 IF YOU SEEM TO LIKE THIS DVD.THERE IS A BETTER ONE OUT THERE.THE -LSB- MTV-20 COLLECTION DVD -RSB- YOU GET 4 DVD 'S FOR AROUND THE SAME PRICE AS THIS ONE!AND YOU GET SONG 'S OF ROCK , POP , LOVE AND R&B ; OF THE EARLY 80 'S AS WELL AS EARLY 90 'S . I RATHER HAVE 4 DVD 'S THEN 1 FOR THE SIMILER CONTENT & PRICE !!! -LCB- ROME , NEW YORK : HOME OF WOODSTOCK 1999 -RCB-
 Rather disappointing , uneven ability to tell the story . For example , there can be too many situations that are not believable . In one episode , Varg , the PI , is hired by somebody he has n't seen in years to follow around a possibly wayward wife , but right off the bat our hero seduces her himself . After that somebody kills her , and our guy is up to his eyebrows in this mess , the cops soon know it , but they keep working with him , allowing him to come and go as he pleases through a series of related crime scenes . On top of that , a cop who is personally involved as a victim is still working on the case , and then later , after being put on leave , still shows up armed , looking for revenge . It 's never explained why he happens to know where to be at the right time.The crime details can stretch one 's patience . How does a murderer manage to have enough matching dresses in the right sizes so he can outfit each victim identically ? Would a murderer care ? It 's OK if you do n't think about it too much , but there are various lapses of this type , and the stories suffer . The crimes are brutal , yet sometimes the reason for all this mayhem does n't seem to support the violence . Also icky
 After watching the full set of the `` Varg Veum '' series , I must say I do agree with the disappointing reviews . As mentioned , there is a great deal of room for improvement in the script . . and also in some of the performances . But the most disappointing to me was the very uneven translation , full of errors in basic sentence structure , literal and awkward , and with several highly objectionable slurs . For awhile , I wondered if the translation was trying to be authentic to UK English , or to a character , but ultimately it 's just a poor , distracting translation -- so bad , I really wished I could return this series ! Watch some of the great Norwegian movies that Amazon offers instead !
 Though not stated by Amazon , the first review by L.K.Lynch misleads with a strong assertion that said collection is IN ENGLISH.This was cause for my purchase , only to find it is NOT in English .
 This was a hard one not to like , because Malik Zidi is one of the most appealing men I 've ever seen anywhere . If the movie had ended after the first half hour , I would have given it at least four stars just because of him . But the rabid , mean-spirited homophobia that drives this movie -LRB- and I assume the Fassbinder play it was based on -RRB- to its thoroughly depressing and depraved conclusion just becomes unbearable . Technically it 's very well made , and I 'm grateful for discovering Zidi , but I wish I 'd never watched this depressing , hateful movie .
 This bizarre little French film is based on a play by Fassbinder . A 50-year-old gay man -LRB- Leopold -RRB- meets and seduces a 19-year-old straight man -LRB- Franz -RRB- . They move in together and quickly end up in a rut and bickering like an old married couple . Franz improbably takes on the role of the nagging , passive-aggressive housewife , even dressing in leiderhosen at one point ! Leopold begins to pull away and Franz fears that Leopold will leave him for another man . The situation is complicated when Franz 's ex-fiancee reappears , tries to win him back , and ends up falling for Leopold instead . Add in an unexpected visit from Leopold 's ex-lover who was a man but became a woman , and the stage is set.The tone of the film is very broad satire -LRB- although I 'm not sure what it is satirizing -RRB- . It 's hard to take this film seriously , but the actors dig into their parts with such zeal that it 's also hard to dislike it . However , I 'm not sure what the point of the film was . Aside from a few chuckles , I did n't enjoy watching it . Not recommended .
 I just love to listen to people speaking French . This explains my attraction to French film
 Okay , I 'm not usually this harsh with my movie reviews . I usually like to give some leeway to movies , especially if they 're * really * trying to express some sort of artistic quality or something . But this one so truly falls short , it 's remarkable how bad it is . Seriously , if `` no stars '' were an option , I 'd be clicking on that one.The movie starts with Franz , 19 , sitting around in Leopold 's apartment , chatting , drinking , playing some games . Leopold is clearly a gentleman with some age on him . How Franz got to be it his situation is unclear . Franz also talks openly about his girlfriend , Ana , whom he intends to marry soon.Inexplicably , however , Franz spends the night and in the very next scene , we realize that Franz has moved in , and the two are now lovers . Franz then promptly assumes a submissive , meek housewife role , and in fact , for whatever reason , feels like he had to endure a slew of verbal abuse from Leopold . Can we say co-dependency ? Ana shows up in the middle of this debacle , and the viewer is -LRB- or , at least , I am -RRB- led to believe that Franz will come to his senses . No such luck . Heck , they even have sex -- perhaps Franz can now realize what a screwed-up life he 's living with Leopold now ? Nope.Indeed , even the arrival of a former boyfriend of Leopold -LRB- who is now a woman -RRB- is not enough to snap Franz out of it.And this is also where all of a sudden , any tenuous connection that this movie might have had to reality is completely lost . One would suppose that , as Ana has somewhat rekindled whatever spark Franz once might have had for her , SHE would at least dislike Leopold enough to slap some sense into either of them . We should only be so lucky.All logic and reason -LRB- except MAYBE for Franz -RRB- suddenly flee with alarming alacrity at this point . People do things that make NO sense to me whatsoever , and I 'm left scratching my head . Well , more than just scratching my head , but upset and confused at the very least . I mean , Ana LIKES the man who stole her boyfriend away from her and treats him like dirt ? Ana is EXCITED by the prospect of dancing with Leopold and , indeed , wants to have sex with him ? Come on!Don ' t bother to see this movie . It 's truly not worth it . It 's two hours you wo n't ever get back .
 If you 're thinking this is a companion to the classic Disney film Alice in Wonderland , be advised it is not . It is an extremely juvenile bit of animation which probably only a small child will find appealing . It is too bad that a picture of the box is not presented here for customers to judge if it is , indeed , the version that they are looking for .
 The sound quality is horrendous , Mana make a lot of money off there fans I could not believe my ears . I end up play the cd and the videos Simultaneously to be happy.A live concert DVD is needed MANA .
 Just look at some of the reviews for this or any of their other blu ray discs
 I bought three of this company 's Blu-rays ... save your money and get the CD . Better yet , get an SACD version for real high-quality sound . I have `` Tchaikovsky Piano Concertos Nos. 1 & 3 , '' `` Bach Orchestral Suites No. 1 , 2 & 3 , '' and `` Vivaldi Four Seasons '' in these discs . None will play in my Samsung Blu-ray player with the latest firmware . All play in my Panasonic . The sound quality is no better than standard quality 5.1 surround ; in fact , I suspect they just copied the material from a standard 5.1 version . There 's very little sound in the rear channels and virtually no separation . Sounds like stereo . Save your money , these are a rip-off .
 When I saw this and other titles from the same seal at amazon , I just wanted to buy them all , but first I decided to give it a try with the Rachmaninoff concertos . When I received it I was surprised by the bad quality of the cover , like if it was scanned from the original and printed or copied in -LRB- very -RRB- low resolution . The booklet inside was just a single page with no more information than the one shown in the editorial review . The BR disc did n't seem original to me , it really looked like a cheap copy -LRB- even the pirate copies you find in some country look better -RRB- . When I tried to watch it with my Sony BR disc player -LRB- which plays almost everything -RRB- I could hear only the sound -LRB- in stereo , no 5.1 or 7.1 -RRB- , an a message indicating this is a AVCHD MPEG format , not a blu ray original . I tried everything but I could n't get any video images , and for good sound , it 's not worth it . I have enough good original CDs from those concertos.So I sent the item back to amazon and asked for a refund . Maybe other copies work but mine did n't . I wonder why would amazon sell these bad copies instead of originals .
 I have bought 3 titles from this company ; 1 HDDVD and 2 blu ray . The HD DVD and one of the BD were awful . Though they are 7.1 surround , it seems that original `` master '' could have easily been from an 8 track . The second BD was not even recorded correctly thus it was unusable , the audio was like a 45 RPM disc playing at 33RPM and the video portion did not even work . From the many different music BD 's -LRB- > 20 -RRB- ranging in genre from opera to rock and roll that I have purchased this is the only label that I would rate as utter trash . Again DO NOT BUY ANY RECORDINGS FROM ACOUSTIC REALITY EXPIRIENCE , they are a complete and utter rip-off . Avoid this label like the plague . Caveat Emptor .
 I have received two copies of this recording and both were missing the same short -LRB- 20 sec -RRB- section of the Concerto # 3 . Amazon would not replace it a second time , so I kept it since my main interest is the Concerto # 2 . There may be a flaw in one batch of discs - BUYER BEWARE . Listen to it all the way through before you keep it if you want more than the Concerto # 2 . In all fairness , I must say the sound of the recordings was outstanding . However , I consider an incomplete recording , none at all .
 I bought this and another Acoustic Reality Experience disc , both supposedly Bluray , at the same time . I had bought one other previously -- the Grieg Piano Concerto -LRB- along with other Grieg works -RRB- ; it was a great disc , and included visuals along with the music.I was surprised , puzzled and disappointed when I finally got these in the mail and discovered a sticker on the Wagner disc which said , `` This is not bluray ; this is a DVD-R and will not play in bluray players , only in regular DVD players . '' WTF ?!? I called customer support and they did n't even understand the issue -LRB- I called both customer support of Amazon and of the third party who actually sold the disc , which by the way was used and they had not specified that in the listing -RRB- Anyway , they said I should try the disc to see if it worked and assured me I could return it if unhappy even though I had opened it , so I did . The Wagner worked fine -LRB- no nice visuals this time -RRB- ; the Rachmaninoff disc , also a DVD-R , but without that same warning sticker on the outer wrapper , was badly marred on the playing side and neither of my two Bluray players even recognized it as a disc , so I am returning it.I was unaware that it was possible to encode DTS HD Master Audio on to a DVD rather than a Bluray , but I guess it is , since the Wagner worked . My issue with this is threefold
 This disk was n't really what I expected . The performance itself was good , not outstanding , I 've heard better recordings , but it 's still very good . There are enough other reviews on that.The disc surprised me though in that it 's not a professional pressing . What you get is a BD-R , a recordable disc just the same as you could produce in your own PC , with a printed paper label stuck to it . I 'd guess that is responsible for some of the compatibility problems reported , I know sometimes I have to insert it multiple times in my own player before it will recognize the disc although after that I do n't have problems playing it.As for the audio quality and the surround effect
 1 -RRB- This DVD has no video .2 -RRB- The 3rd concerto stops dead in the 2nd movement3 -RRB- The performance -- what there is of it -- is adequate but unexceptional4 -RRB- Being a video-less blu-ray DVD , it can not be played on a decent sound system with a CD playerIn short , this is shovel-ware , and a complete rip-off .
 Will not play on my new LG BD-370 Blu-ray player , After downloading upgrade from LG , still will not play , returned DVD .
 The disc sent to me was rejected by the Blue-ray player with the message
 I bought this item from Newbury Comics and it did n't play in my PS3 or in SONY blu-ray player . I send a message from Newbury Comics asking what I can do , but i did n't receive contact from them . I purchased in the same date a Blu-ray from Hissarlikway -LRB- Pinocchio -LRB- Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition + Standard DVD + BD Live -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- -RRB- and fuctioned perfectly.I lived in Brazil the same area of USA for blu-ray . Thanks for help , Ronaldo12/09/2009
 This Blu-rayDisc has recorded four season of Vivaldi , it not to record the Rachmaninov piano concerto ! Be careful with you to sell for internet.It te first time that you to sell my this product with problems.Juan carlos BruitOf Chile , Santiago
 Seagal teams up with a rapper , again . Plays slappy hand/paddy cake fighting with some guys . Escapes from prison -LRB- always fun -RRB- . Then blows some stuff up . And finally , copies Bad Boys as much as it can before it races to a close . `` Today You Die '' is a movie that goes a long way in showing that one picture is worth at least a thousand letters of hate mail . Write in and tell Steven Seagal to give the rest of the money he would spend on making movies to the homeless and dedicate the rest of his creative energy into ending world hunger , saving those trees he cares so much about , or getting a hair cut so he does n't look like the Count from Sesame Street after he wakes up after a full day of drinking beer and eating cheetos in his trailer . To tell you the truth , I actually like Steven Seagal . But his stuff is getting worse . Trying to watch his films now is like trying to read cursive from a cerebral palsy sufferer.Do you even care about your work anymore?As for the three writers -LRB- and one who wisely wanted to remain uncredited -RRB- who put this masterpiece of gratuitous violence , cursing , and aimless wandering together , if you guys can call yourselves writers , then the guy who decided to put `` Famously Fresh '' on the top of Planter Cashews Nuts can call himself a writer . Why did you put the psychic woman in the film ! You guys must have smoked some crack after you wrote yourself into a corner . Have you ever heard of continuity ? Well , maybe having the little girl at the beginning and at the end of the movie was an effort at that . Good Job on that one boys ! You confused most of your audience again b/c the girl has no significant meaning to Seagal 's character except that she is in the film for him to hug . Or maybe you were just trying to tell me that he is a deadbeat dad/friend/uncle -LRB- who is she ? -RRB- who only cares about this girl in a superficial way . I 'll buy it then . Nevertheless , when you write another script , here 's a hint about the whole girl signifying a return to family/normal life thing
 If you 've read any of the other reviews for other noted ` Seagalists ' on Amazon you will pretty much have my feelings on this film . This has got to be the worst Seagal film I 've seen . I thought Out for a Kill and Ticker were his lowest points but this has got to be the king of the dung hill . I 'm working my way -LRB- slowly , carefully -RRB- up to Attack Force and Flight of Fury so those might just take the title from this one , but this is not for anyone who has some sensiblity of what a good movie is.There are quite a few amusing -LRB- and bemusing -RRB- things to look out for : - From the opening credits , you know this one is going to be a stinker . Just listen to the crazy early 90 's action guitar riffs and you 'll understand . I seriously would not doubt if they recycled the soundtrack from Hard to Kill for this ! - Seagal still in the shadows like Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now for about 80 % of the film . Seems to be one of his trademarks now . At least there is none if any dubbing of Seagal 's voice in this one . I do n't think he takes the trademark arms crossed over belly posture much in this one either which is unusual -LRB- see Mercenary for Justice cover -RRB- . - The whole plot point that does n't really surface about Seagal 's wife 's visions . And about his employer , Max who was ` born with the devil inside me ' -LRB- I kid you not , he actually uses that line ! Seagal 's retort is even funnier -RRB- , having some connection to a little girl in a hospital . Apparently Tibetan mandalas that have no bearing on the scene can appear out of nowhere also for Seagal to interprete . The ending like all Seagal movies nowadays is only slightly above nonsensical . All this leaves you scratching your head.-The ability for our characters to walk away scot free . Apparently , Seagal can get away with breaking and entering -LRB- he is billed on the cover of the movie as a master thief after all -RRB- , killing a number of police officers -LRB- on purpose -RRB- and a DEA agent , smashing civilian vehicles and by the end of the movie , walk free without any penalty . His buddy Ice , who for one was in penitentiary for some obvious felonious crime , is able to kill another inmate , start a prision riot , and escape from jail and by the end of the movie , fly to Switzerland , deposit stolen money , and jive walk his way out of the bank ! - The state penetentiary where all inmates are guarded -LRB- or rather not guarded -RRB- by incompetent and lazy guards . I suppose we are to believe that as an inmate , you are free to wander the corridors of this maximum security facility without any supervision . Its quite laughable.-Seagal 's confrontation scene with Bruno in the jail . Literally mops the room up with his face ! - Seagal 's extensive array of jackets and coats . The long brown Matrix inspired pleather coat is particularly handsome on him , hiding most of his belly protrusion . Also , note the hip Roca-wear jeans jacket he sports when he is admitted to prison . Borrowed from Treach most likely.-Seagal and Treach exchanging dialogue . This has to be the funniest thing the movie . Its so stilted its damn fun to watch . You are n't a Seagal fan until you have heard him attempt to speak jive . Seagal also uses more instances of the F-bomb in this movie that any other I 've seen.-Classic Seagal disarms . Shotguns , handguns , its no problem since all bad guys get close to Seagal even though they can easily shoot him from across the room.-The stereotypical Tong gang -LRB- replete with high pitched Chinese flute music -RRB- with a small dis-homage to The Fast and the Furious . There is also a amusing part where Seagal puts a guy 's head into a vice.-Seagal -LRB- or stunt double rather -RRB- swinging on a chandolier . You 'll have to rewind to actually believe this one ! Which brings me to the fact that there are more stunt doubles used in this movie that any other of his films in recent memory . Its pretty embarassing.The whole movie is just hacked . It feels like someone tried to use mostly stock footage to make a Seagal film . The director and cinematographer , Don . ` Little Lord ' Fauntelroy was able to make a half descent attempt later with Mercenary for Justice , but this one seems to be his trial run and he did n't care . There are so many basic things for good moviemaking that are ignored that there are too numerous to go into detail about them . If you dare watch this ` film ' , you 'll see what I mean .
 I had the honor of being a late comer to the Seagal DTV series . I rented Out For A Kill , Submerged , and Today You Die all on the same day . I 'm still spitting the sour taste from my mouth . I could n't even get thru the first two and clenched my teeth to get thru Today You Die . Why , oh why does he use stunt doubles for such simple things ? Were these snippets filmed after he left the set for the day so the double was used ? Even if he is getting too old for this stuff , anyone can choreograph these types of moves fairly convincingly . Hell , The Duke and Bronson continued their own fistfights well into their 70 's and even 80 's for Bronson . -LRB- check out Hard Times to see Bronson in multiple extended and very convinving fistfights without the use of a stunt double and with his shirt off at the age of 54 -RRB- Now I own and can enjoy the likes of what some say are Seagals worst - Fire Down Below , On Deadly Ground , and Half Past Dead - and I even found I found the Foriegner an okay watch , but Today You Die , Out for a Kill , and Submerged are altogether garbage and unwatchable . Not that Seagal is bad but everything else involved in these films absolutely stinks . Maybe they 're not paying the man enough to make a complete film?Attn Hollywood
 Steven Seagal keeps making films . In 2005 alone , he made as many as four films , which itself sounds an amazing feat . Not so amazing , however , if you see ` Today You Die ' dreadful film with a dreadful title . The press material I managed to get at Japanese theater in Osaka -LRB- yes , they dared to release it theatrically in Japan -RRB- tells you that the film was shot in only 18 days . Small wonder that none of the film makes sense , gives less actions than awful dialogues.Steven Seagal plays one Harlan Banks , ex-master thief who is retiring from his job . Banks turns a professional driver of cash delivery van in Las Vegas , but because of the robbery committed by someone else , he is arrested and sent to a jail . Is he framed ? Of course , he is , but when he can wear his trademark long jacket in jail , and meets and enlists a help from someone named Ice Kool there -LRB- played by Treach -RRB- , there is nothing to worry about.But I had to worry about because nothing makes sense in the film . We see a glimpse of one orphanage -LRB- briefly twice -RRB- , but no one in the film seems to remember it . The film begins with a cheesy nightmare sequence that the girlfriend of Harlan sees -LRB- played by Mari Morrow -RRB- in her dream that portends death and danger , but this supernatural idea is just dropped in the second half of the film . There is a detective played by Sarah Buxton , whose motive to get close to Banks remains unclear , and Nick Mancuso adds confusion to the already chaotic scenario as Agent Saunders . -LSB- DULL , DULL , DULL -RSB- The most impressive part of ` Today You Die ' is one car chase scene in Las Vegas with decent stunts and some nice camerawork . In fact , these scenes are recycled footages from one Sidney J. Furie actioner ` Top Of the World ' starring Peter Weller and Dennis Hopper -LRB- yes , I checked it yesterday -RRB- . The rest of ` Today You Die ' consists mainly of terribly witless dialogues exchanged between Seagal 's character and others , which goes like : BODYGUARD
 While Today You Die is not a horrible maovie , it just is n't an exciting one either . While I praise Seagal for keeping the movies coming , I ca n't praise the excitement level of his newer films . The age and weight of Seagal I guess is catching up with him , and therefore his level of skill in the martial arts department is diminishing . While he still kicks butt and keeps the bone-breaking alive , there is no skill to it in this movie.The story in Today You Die is nothing exciting either . The Seagal character is set up and set to prison . He escapes with the help of an inmate . The two become partners and get revenge for the guys who sent the Seagal character up . There is a twist with one of the chracters in the film , the only interesting part , but nothing that you may not have already seen coming . The lack of story requires more action than this movie provides . While scenes seem to cange often , attempting at keeping pacing strong , it still fails to heighten our most entertaining movie senses.The bright spot of the movie is Vegas . If you love Vegas there are plenty of clips of the city , during the day and during the night . Perhaps the only good spot of the movie is after the first 15 minutes of thie film , there is a decent car chase scene through downtown at night . You do n't get many movies for a chase through Vegas , and this is pretty much the only reason for buying this dvd.This movie turns out to be only good for watching the first time , just to see what happens . Unlike most action movies that I can watch over and over for the action , I ca n't say that this is even worth it . Check out the chase scene in Vegas and that 's all that is worthy .
 If you are wanting to see Steven Segal do his thing , this is n't the movie . From the get-go it was hard to follow . The entire movie made no sense . Heed my advice
 ... unless you do n't watch this . The only explanation -LRB- which is no excuse -RRB- is that Seagal is dead , and nobody cared to let him know ... What a pity ...
 This is the second direct-to-video Seagal film that I have watched in a week . As I did with Out for a Kill , I 've given Today You Die two stars . I 've reserved 1 star for the Patriot and Submerged . I give TYD an extra star for the Las Vegas chase scene , somewhat coherent plot , and glimpses of Seagal doing Aikido . If I could I would downgrade TYD to 1.5 stars because of the hokey vision woman/girlfriend . She and her visions -LRB- seemingly totaly unrelated to the plot -RRB- became annoying after a while ! On a different note my wife and I found it odd that Seagal was the only one wearing an oversized -LRB- obviously to hide his girh -RRB- jean jacket while in prison . I should also note that our hero 's mumbling was kept to a minimum . His mumbling and films ' poor sound qulaity often require the use of subtitles ... not this time ! The average person will think this film is total crap . Loyal Seagal fans will probably add a used copy of this to their collections and continue to hope for the day that Seagal will finally come out with something halfway decent .
 Do not , do not purchase this movie . I just finished seeing it for the first time recently , and I can say hands down that this was far and away the worst movie that Steven Seagal has ever made . Although I am not a prude , the language was disgusting with Mother F ***** this and Mother F ****** that every 10 seconds . The plot went nowhere and it was filled with unnecessary violence . Most of his old movies went somewhere , but this one was one violence , bad language filled scene after scene after scene . If you liked the old Steven Seagal movies , you wo n't like this one .
 The only reason I have this movie is because my husband likes it . He is a fan of Steven Seagal . I tried to watch it last night , but I lost all interest . I think this movie is boring .
 I did not like today you die very much . The script just did not seem like a good fit for Seagal . I think some of the scenes were taken from other movies which was a turn off for me as well . Probably only for the serious Seagal fan , otherwise look towards say `` the keeper ' or ` belly of the beast for a better picture.Peter J. Miller
 This is my first direct-to-dvd Steven Seagal film , and it is also my last direct-to-dvd Steven Seagal film . The film is idiotic in nature , with possibly the most horrid acting since Pee Wee 's Big Adventure . The plot is mind numbingly unrealistic -LRB- not even worth mentioning -RRB- , in addition to the fact Seagal looks like 30 feet of bad road kill . He 's overweight -LRB- is it any wonder he wears a bulky coat throughout the movie-hide that gut , Seagal-hide that gut -RRB- and over the hill , his hair transplant looks like it was grafted from a mangy dog , and his acting is the pits . Yet , in true Steven Seagal center-of-attention wannabe form , he gets the beautiful girl -LRB- who has to be 25 years his junior -RRB- . Yeah , right.It 's obvious to just about everyone who is paying attention -LRB- excluding Seagal -RRB- , that his days as a top box office draw are long gone . I 'd personally like to see him in a Grumpy Old Men type of film , perhaps with Chuck Norris and/or David Carradine . No more of these improbable only 10 years away from senior citizen discounts though I 'm still able to conquer the world through brute force type of flicks . Yawn.Someone needs to tell this clown that he 's fat , a disgustingly deficient actor sporting a grotesquely unnecessary mangy mop of a hair transplant , with a fatally career killing severe case of an unwarranted superiority complex . For me , his excessive narcissism comes forth in his performance , or lack thereof . Honestly , I feel sorry for the guy . He definitely needs to grow up . Do yourself a huge favor and skip this one and stick exclusively to the classic Seagal films of the late '80s and early '90s ...
 As Segal continutes to move toward Orson Welles dimensions , his movies get progresivly worse . Let 's hope this is his last .
 Segall mumbles alot in this flick . Movie is disjointed and makes no sense . Characters are introduced that have no connection to the story . Segall stunt double is pretty good .
 September 13th 2005 heralded the release of ` Today You Die ' , Lord Steven Seagal 's latest offering to his mass of devout followers . The movie , before its release , got a bit of a reputation due to the fact that the Lord was consistently late to set , usually left early , constantly changed the script , actors , etc. . I also believe that Seagal is actually getting sued for his Lordly antics . ` Today You Die ' has an inconceivable plot , but I will do my best
 Much like Into The Sun , this had all the ingredients for a Seagal come back but yet again the producers of yet another Seagal movie miss the opportunity to deliver a great Seagal action thriller . The movie is again handicapped in the same manner as Into The Sun and Submerged by the recurring problem of what appears to be Seagals disregard of the script or perhaps due to the lack of a script where he seems to make up his own dialogue to fill out a scene . It 's as if the camera is turned on and Seagal makes it up as he goes along , conversations involving Seagal and other characters make no sense or have any relevance to the story at hand . In Seagals recent movies there always appears to be a scene which is simply there to give Seagal an ego boast . `` Walks like a Black man , breaths like a killer '' , what was that all about ?? The main armored car chase scene is lifted directly from another film made 10 years ago and also the open scenes of The Order with Van Damme is used as the opening scenes in this . I also think though I might be wrong but all the aerial shots of the prison and the prison structure itself looked the same as those used in the Wesley Snipes movie Undisputed.Seagals body double is ever present as usual , Seagals line delivery at times is terrible , yet another muddled and confusing plot and character relevance to the story , Seagal love scene ! , fake back drop special effects and bad acting from allot of the supporting cast members are all here present and correct as has become the norm with Seagal movies of late.However it 's not all bad , this is a big step up from Submerged , there is no voice dubbing , there are flashes of the old Seagal when he sticks to the script and does his own fight scenes which the two while he is in prison appear to be all Seagal and he is looking in better shape than his last few outings . For me , it was worth the rental as it 's not all bad but it did feel very flat and uninteresting while watching it.In Seagal 's post Exit Wounds DTV years , for me Belly Of The Beast is the mark to aim for and the only one up to and including this one to be recommended . Today You Die is worth a rental to keep up with Seagal 's output but only worth adding to your collection for the die hard Seagal fan .
 Today You Die -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a crime thriller set mostly in Nevada , and features action star Steven Seagal as man looking to turn his life around , but instead finds himself the pawn in a criminal conspiracy . While low on the credibility scale , this is still an entertaining direct to video release.Seagal is Harlan Banks , a criminal type who arrives in Las Vegas , with his girlfriend Jada -LRB- Mari Morrow -RRB- , looking to get a fresh start . A man named Max Stevens -LRB- Kevin Tighe -RRB- sets Banks up with job driving an armored car . While making a pickup of cash , Banks ' partner Bruno -LRB- Robert Miano -RRB- , guns down some security guards , and forces Banks to take off , with the cops giving chase.The money disappears , and Banks claims to have lost his memory , when questioned by agent Rachel Knowles -LRB- Sarah Burton -RRB- , and agent Saunders -LRB- Nick Mancuso -RRB- . Banks ends up in prison , and does a favor for a con named Ice Kool -LRB- Anthony ` Treach ' Criss -RRB- . In return , Kool allows Banks to join him in his escape attempt , flying out of the prison in a helicopter . Banks and Ice Kool team up to find Max Stevens , and hopefully the missing cash.As in previous films , Seagal is doing the interracial buddy thing again . Seagal and Treach do n't quite make the ideal pair , but they get on well enough , enjoying several fascinating discussions together . The dialog tries to be hip , but is pretty awful . Unfortunately Las Vegas is n't featured to very good effect , as more time is spent in behind bars in prison . Seagal has really bad haircut , and is doubled in his hand to hand fights . The first of several Seagal features directed by Don E. Faunt LeRoy , the film brings in a number of subplots , like rival gangs , corruption , philosophical baddies , psychic visions and altruism . It is a confusing mix that does n't quite gel , but the end result is people getting shot up , and things exploding , on the way to Banks and his pals skirting a murder rap , and living it up on the stolen money .
 I too saw this movie years , years ago . Loved it however , they 're asking waaaaay too much . Too bad . No sale here . I gave it one star for the price . I give it 5 stars for the movie .
 I ordered this item but instead I gotSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series ... which is an item I already own!CHECK THE PRODUCT DETAILS . They are identical toSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series !!! DO NOT ORDER UNTIL THE PROBLEM IS FIXED
 when I had recived the 2nd volume one of the 4 disk was missing , I want a new one that has all of the disk . when I had orded Volume one I got all 4 disk . why was a disk of volume 2 missing ????? I hope something is indeded to be done about this .
 This Box set is a rippoff . It has only the first season , which was n't one of the best ones , all of the other seasons are the good ones . I got the complete series of this show on one box set on ebay . It is a region 2 DVD set but that problem can esely be fixed . I highly recomend that set to all you people wanting to see this series .
 Why Two Stars?Two Stars for Shout ! Factory for bringing these old shows back on DVD which is great ... HOWEVER ... I have already wrote a review about this issue in Zelda Compete DVD . I was talking about a bit about Shout ! Factory and how they refuse put Subtitles in any of their DVD products!I ll list some of them : Captain Nes VideogameZelda competeMario Bros Show Vol 1 2 3Sonic Satam and Adventures of Sonic the hedgehogAnd many more ... All of them were made by Shout ! Factory And All of them DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY SUBTITLE OR CLOSED CAPTIONED EVEN THOUGH THEY USED TO AIR ON THE TV LONG TIME AGO AND ON THE TV IT DID HAVE CLOSED CAPTIONED BY THEN.That is very disappointing I ca n't even buy any of Shout ! Factory DVD just because of their lack of Subtitles and/or Closed Captioned . I do really want buy this ! But I ca n't . Since there is no Subtitles or Closed Captioned option for this . I still have few of my old VHS with Satam in it . It does have Closed Captioned . And I used to have about 10 VHS tapes of Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog you know what I regret the most ? I wish I did n't throw those 10 VHS tapes out . Because those 10 tapes did have Closed Captioned ! I could understand what they were saying . It 's really too bad , that I could never see this old show again since the Shout ! Factory do n't seem want to bother putting up the Subtitles or Closed Caption for us Deaf people . I even wrote them email once , I have never gotten any reply ! Just how great Shout ! Factory really is?In the end , Shout ! Factory , have let me down .
 For those of you who do n't know , there have thus far been no less than four Sonic the Hedgehog cartoons
 Maazel is one of those conductors who can be called perfect professionals . Brilliant mind , brilliant ears , but the music simply dies in his hands . I saw him twice in performance . The man is dreadfully bored and ... boring . Watch Kleiber and then compare . If you want to get a great New year concert , get Kleiber and get Pretre . Perhaps Muti . Everything else is entertaining , but not special at all .
 sorry , , but it 's not even close to the status of the blue collar tour videos . . that one dude , , Bill engval , , is n't even funny , , he really sucks . . Larry and Jeff where ok ...
 It was really cute at first seeing little kids say things like `` AC/DC is easy , '' and then SHOWING us AC/DC is easy -LRB- not for me , a non-musician -RRB- . And Paul Green seemed cool at first , until he kept making references like `` Rock n Roll comes from Satan . '' I 'm not a religious nut myself , and I do n't have any kids of my own , but his constant talk of Satan in the first 30-45 minutes made me feel a little ill at ease with the doc . Maybe if he 'd been talking to the camera I 'd 've been like , `` Okay , the guy 's entitled to his own ideals , '' but I did n't like that he was pushing `` hot women and rock n roll come from Satan '' on such young kids -LRB- even though he said it in a light , maybe joking manner , it seemed like something you 'd joke about with the older teens , not the pre-teens and below-tens -RRB- . I think `` rock school '' is a great idea , a good way to reach kids and give them a way to express themselves , but any future schools need better , unbiased teachers than this guy . Maybe he really was doing it `` only for the movie , '' but I felt it was just too much .
 Maybe it was just the shock of watching a grown man yell things like `` that was f *** ing pathetic ! '' and `` dont f *** ing make mistakes ! '' at nine year olds that turned me off about this movie , or maybe it was just bad .
 Rock should never be taught as a curriculum , even when using classic masters like Zeppelin , Hendrix and Zappa . Rock is about freedom ! About noncomformity ! Its not about some total a -- hole screaming obscenities at 10 YEAR OLDS because he 's disillusioned that his dreams of rock stardom never came to fruition . The Jack Black character was funny . This real-life rock warden is not.It bums me out that `` rock schools '' and `` rock camps '' are popping up everywhere . Even worse was a magazine article I read about a rock school for girls , which basically tells young girls that if they want to rock , they need to enter an all-girl school and join smarmy all-girl bands instead of simply working with likeminded musicians of either gender.Kids , if you want to rock , ask the folks for some classic cd 's , pick up a guitar or a bass or get behind a drum kit . Do it yourself !
 Tull fans , beware ! If you want to be happy , get `` Isle of Wight '' or `` Montreux '' -LRB- young and old Tull at respective peaks -RRB- . But this mess ... oy ... It plays like a bad PBS pledge drive thingy , with uninteresting interview snippets interrupting mediocre song performances in front of a somnolent crowd . Poorly shot , poorly directed , ill conceived from beginning to end . And the supposed `` reunion '' with Mick Abrahams , Glenn Cornick , and Clive Bunker - forget it - a couple of short songs in a dingy pub where nobody in the band but Ian gets off at all . Why bother ? Trust me , if you order this you 'll hate yourself in the morning .
 What a major disappointment for me . I 've been waiting for a Tull concert DVD for years . It 's here ... I scoop it up ... and what a drag.The performances are fine . But each song is prefaced with dialog and discussion that only takes away from the concert . Plus diferent concert performances are interlaced within the same song . I guess I would enjoy the dialog , but keep it separate from the concert , for goodness sake!Then there 's the sound . I can get no sound to anything but the front left & right speakers . I have tons of music DVDs in Dolby Digital & DTS and they all send sound to all 5 speakers and the subwoofer , but not this bad boy . To me the sound is lifeless and weak . I 'm going to try to exchange it just in case I got a bad DVD , but I do n't think so . It plays fine , it just sounds dead and empty.Sorry to be so negative . Tull is my favorite band . But this DVD is a stinker !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I suggest not buying this until somebody convinces you that my experiences with the sound are all wrong ...
 This was a O.K. dvd . I thought some of the songs became very long and very tiredsome . I do n't think it is one I will watch a lot
 I think Jethro Tull fans are a bit more sophisticated and deserve a little more respect than this DVD offers . I could n't watch this without think `` Ok when 's the next silly special effect coming or are they going to switch to that cheesy outdoor concert ... '' . You ca n't listen to it because of all interviews between the songs . It 's very annoying . Why did they even attempt to but in the Brittney Spears-like effects in the first place ? It 's a concert , let them play . The thing that surprises me is that all the interviews and non-concert songs could have been put on at the end as extra bits , it 's a DVD for crying out loud , that 's what you do ! The music is WONDERFUL but seriously I ca n't say if I 'll every ` watch ' my copy again .
 I have been a Tull fan since the early seventies . That being said , I found this outing thoroughly disappointing . It features highlights from 1 concert in 2001 at the Apollo . The footage is shoddy at best , Martin Barre is shot from the side , the BACK side , and you can rarely see his fingers . Most of the shots are of Ian , and these become tedious sooner than one might like . There is footage of the reunion with the original members from 1968 that is interesting.One might think that with more than 30 years ' worth of concerts that a compilation of this magnitude might have included more
 I was so excited to get this dvd in the mail yesterday as I am a devoted Tull fan . I collected all the albums , bought the gold cd versions , went to the concerts ... I was really expecting this dvd to be a treasured part of my Tull collection . Talk about disappointment ! The visual quality is there , the conversations with the band was enjoyable but , when it came time for the band to play the sound sounded like it was coming from a tiny am radio . I plan on keeping the dvd but , its likely going to sit on the shelf in my closet and draw dust . What were they thinking when they recorded this ?!!!!!!!
 I have to say I was extremely disappointed with this DVD . The sound quality is truly awful , be prepared . I also found the videography very amatuerish , nothing special at all . When are we gon na lose that lame MTV quick editing that has been used for almost 20 years now ? Each tune has cuts of other shows interspersed within them in Black and White and really terrible video sequences which are the worst . One of the shows they used is an outdoor show that looks like Tull were playing at a half empty county fair ! ... I love the big yellow `` French Fries '' sign in the background , too bad they missed the Ferris Wheel . I did n't mind the interviews in between the tunes too much , but there is n't too much you have n't heard before . Before `` Bouree '' , Ian makes a big deal about Jonathan Noyce 's bass solo which we do n't even get to hear because they overdubbed an interview with him over it . I do n't know , maybe it was n't that great a solo after all . The 1968 Line Up reunion is an interesting , pretty mediocre performance , but once again is produced with that annoying stop-action video that you 've seen a million times . Oh , and I guess Mick Abrahams , Glenn Cornick and Clive Bunker were n't allowed to talk since there are no interviews with them . The `` Extra Features '' section is an absolute joke with 2 one-minute edits of Ian playing with Uriah Heep and Fairport Convention , about 3 minutes worth of interviews that did n't make the final cut , a 2 minute segment of Ian recording a public service announcement for DVT , and half of the song `` Beside Myself '' which can be viewed from different angles . Yeah , I woulda felt too privileged if they gave me the whole song anyway ! OK , sarcasm aside and in all due fairness there are some really good songs here and the segments of Ian playing `` Wond ` ring Aloud '' and `` Life Is A Long Song '' with a string quartet are absolutely superb . I 've been a Tull fan all my life and really hated to put down one of their projects , but I have to be honest , they could have done a much better job on this one .
 Much is said about this DVD . I must admit that i am very dissapointed with it . For me a good concert DVD should be representative of what the concert was like . A concert from start to finish and not overproduced with cheap effects , images from other concerts in between and interviews during the songs -LRB- Bouree ! -RRB- It 's a matter of taste I suppose but to give an indication of what I find excellent concert DVD 's
 I sold this dvd a few days after I bought it . I love Jethro Tull but somehow Ian Anderson thinks we want to see video effects . The small club shots are in chunky slow motion , whats the deal ? What are people thinking ? Are they trying to be artsy?Frustration ! It is alot like what the someone did with the Cream Farewell concert at the Royal Albert Hall ... video effects completely obscure seeing the band.Rent this one ... do n't buy it .
 This is what longtime Jethro Tull fans waited nearly two years for ? You 'd think with technology being what it is today , they could have made this in a 5.1 or DTS sound format . Instead we get 2.0 from a band that would have sounded superb in 5.1 . As for the video production , when will musicians and their producers realize true fans want a concert without all of the silly effects ? And do we really need interview segments after each song ? Make the interviews another segment of the DVD features.This is my all-time favorite group . Sadly , this DVD does not do Jethro Tull justice .
 Well ... where do I begin . I had a hard time rating thisdue to the fact that it STILL IS all things TULL -LRB- and how can that be bad ? -RRB- so I give it the two stars on this merit alone.The missing 3 stars are here :1 -RRB- 2.0 sound ... ? Give us a break . I am new to this DVD thing -LRB- as I always wait a few years for formats and prices to settle -RRB- but c'mon ! It is 2002 ! Was it a `` label '' decision to rush this ? I would of waited so why did n't they ? Do I just have the wrong audio option chosen ? Given that most of the material hereis from their songlist of the last 12 years , you can find better audio and performances on other audio cds .2 -RRB- The footage and film production leaves me boggled . I just ask myself ... why ? I would of been happier with raw footage and a nice mix of audio rather than being taken to soundchecksynchs and disoriented with slow motion antics . The REUNION was cool and the performances are actually quite refreshing but why oh why does it have to be brown -LRB- black ? -RRB- and white -LRB- sepia -RRB- and all that fast/slow camera angle stuff ... really detracts from something that I would of , otherwise , enjoyed .3 -RRB- Usually outtakes -LRB- sic -RRB- and `` bonus '' material should be fun andin full . NEITHER here!I was so disappointed with most of this I did n't fool with anyof the options other than what I tried so ca n't help you there.Was thinking about buying the audio cd but why do you need to republish THE ZURICH TAPES again ? The last 2 TULL cds and this DVD are just another big wakeup call for me and these labels . I simply must say one word ... greed ? ...
 I so wanted to like this DVD . I own every Tull vinyl disc and doubled-up by buying every Cd version over the years . I was looking forward to the DVD.It seems to me the Ian Anderson Group of Companies is merely trying to wring the last buck or two it can out of the Tull franchise whilst expending the least possible amount of effort.But I digress.In the cover booklet -LRB- nicely done , BTW - far surpassing the material on the DVD itself -RRB- , much fuss is made about the technical aspects of the recordings , suggesting a state of the art experience was about to unfold . Not to be , though , and the devil is in the details ... . as an example , the audio is in the older Dolby pro Logic format , not the standard Dolby 5.1 or even DTS . I have many other music DVDs and they are all 5.1 . Most modern surround sound systems in North America will not give the recordings their due because of this . -LRB- Even the worst B-movie is released in 5.1 these days . -RRB- The so-called `` bonus tracks '' merely whet the appetite , and are not full tracks at any rate . Both the Uriah Heep and Fairport Convention `` tracks '' last about 60 seconds and then fade to black . It was fascinating -LRB- albeit briefly -RRB- to listen to Heep recreate a classic hit for them , but all too short.The various interviews sprinkled throughout carry narry a single caption . Who the heck are we listening to ? Does Ian Anderson believe we all just instinctively know who everyone is ? Come on , guys ... crank up the character generator.The editing and effects sequences during the main `` concert '' part of the DVD are fairly pedestrian ... merely updated versions of the fairly cheesy VHS tapes Tull has released over the years . If anything , they reinforce the nagging feeling that the Tull concerts I attended 15 years ago are exactly the same as the concert they performed yesterday.The final straw was the `` outtakes '' section ... the last thing I want to see in a Tull DVD is a series of retakes of Anderson 's Deep Vein Thrombosis commercial . Either Ian has developed a mammothly inflated sense of his own self-importance or he has just been getting some very bad advice from his producer.We 're all aging , folks . We get it . I do n't buy DVD 's to listen to semi-ailing former rock legends flogging their pet projects -LRB- or diseases -RRB- . If Ian does a Metamucil commercial , shall we be seeing that too in a future release?Not I , I 'm afraid . After paying big-time to own the Tull collection , twice-over , plus 7 concerts over the years and countless T-shirts and spilled beers , this longtime fan has finally ceased contributing to `` The Ian Anderson Group of Companies '' . Cheerio !
 Man - this has to be one of the lamest rock concerts ever filmed.I 'm a huge fan and have seen Tull several times in the good old days -LRB- when they played music with PASSION -RRB- - but I do n't know what was worse ... the `` do n't dare get out of our seats , for we may not be able to find our way back '' crowd , or the `` make sure we play this song the same way for 20 years and try not too look like we want to blow our brains out '' band . The two acoustic songs with strings in Anderson 's living room save this DVD ... a real intimate musical moment of two great songs ... . if only there were more of that .
 What was Ian Anderson thinking.Great songs are ruined by the chatting between songs and banter in the middle of songs.A great dissapointment , Tull Fan
 This DVD does NOT have six shorts on it , but only four ! And the four that are included are hardly the Stooges best work . These are the same tired , lame shorts that you can find everywhere .
 About the worst transfer ever ! Video is horribly bad , seems like it was taped from a T.V. with snowy reception . Do n't waste your money . Bad , bad , bad !!!
 I had an idea what this movie was about before I saw it , which was the story of four brothers seeking revenge for the death of their beloved mother as a result of a criminal act . The problem is , that 's all this movie has , just an idea . Other than the premise of explaining what had brought the four youngsters back into Detroit and the tragedy that drives them to do what they do , the rest of the movie pretty much makes no sense.As you trace the footsteps of the four brothers around town in their investigation , you 're left with nothing but pointless beatings and killings . The main characters would basically find a lead , and when they find the lead , without even any systematic questioning of the suspect or ascertaining their involvement , or how they were involved with their mother 's death , they either kill them or beat them up really badly . It basically goes something like this , `` Give me a name ! '' , `` Umm , Smith . '' , and BAM , they kill you , and moves onto do the same thing to Smith . This type of storytelling gets to be frustrating for the audience because just when you think you 're about to get a clue to what the story is about , the characters snuffs it out . After this repeats itself throughout the rest of the movie , I got the sense that the writers of this film never really knew what the story was about themselves , and might have been too lazy to come up with one , therefore their solution was to hide their incompetence by building the film on a pattern of offering haphazard characters as clues and then immediately eliminating them from the story . And apparently director John Singleton was also too lazy to question the flimsy basis of the script.The only thing that show some promise was the cast . And characters played by Mark Wahlberg and Garret Hedlund had some potentials . Too bad they were given such a poor script and characters to work with . A real waste of time altogether .
 The dvd I received was a pirate . Could not be used on any of my equipment . NOT HAPPY at all . My daughter , who I bought the movie for was heart broken ...
 This movie was about as painful to watch as the revenge exacted by the brothers in this movie on the killers of their `` mother . `` An old woman is gunned down during a robbery and it turns out she was a type of social worker that had taken in four troubled youths and raised them as her sons . The sons vow to find and kill the ones who did this . They later find out that it was not a simple robbery but that that their mother was followed and executed.The movie is full of senseless violence and makes Detroit look like a state of anarchy . Sofia Vergara has a stereotypical role as a dumb Latin lover of one of the four brother which looks like a role that will be a career killer for her.The ending is fairly predictable and the movie 's plot and stupid dialogue often is an insult to anyone 's intelligence . Maybe Mark Wohlers should abandon his acting career and go back to rapping !
 In this 2005 film directed by John Singleton , four adopted brothers in inner city Detroit reunite at their mother 's funeral . She has just been murdered and they are out for revenge . It sounds like a good theme and there 's some star power here too as Mark Wahlberg plays the lead and Terrance Howard has a small part as a cop . But the screenplay was so outlandish that there were parts that I laughed out loud when I should have been serious . Everyone has guns , lots of guns , and there are wild shootouts with bodies strewn all over the place . To their credit , the actors do a good job . Their performances were good although it was hard to pay attention to their acting with all that gunfire going on . The plot was disjointed and murky and made no sense whatsoever . It was easy , however , to tell the good guys from the bad guys because the bad guys always had smirks on their faces . This is a silly silly film which is targeted towards pre-adolescent boys who are more interested in the gunplay than the reality of the plot.Keep away from this one . It is a waste of time and not for adults .
 I decided to watch this film based on the reviews that I had seen and I should have stuck with my gut feeling about this film . I will start with what I liked about the film . It was nice to see a film about a mother who takes in 4 boys of different ethnicities and makes them a family . That was beautiful to see in a film . It was nice to see these men who did n't necessarily grow up to be perfect but nonetheless their bond remained . This is something that I like about the film quite a bit.What I felt was lacking or what did n't work for me was the revenge part of the film . It did n't seem to make much sense . I understand that the mother was senselessly killed but really , did n't she she show them a home and heart where they could feel safe . Here are 4 men who will remember table manners that their murdered mom taught them yet they seem hellbent on revenging her death . Like this will bring her back . If they had had any respect for her , they would have taken the higher road but in this film , it seems that revenge is the higher road . It simply did n't fit the story . The film seems to flat out endorse and glorify revenging the wrong that has been done to you and sadly so the brothers do so through killing people . If anything I lost all respect for the brothers by the end of the film . These brothers are n't real men , these are cowards who had a gem of a mother who squandered it all.I was flat out surprised that at the end credits , John Singleton 's name was shown as the director . I could n't believe it . How is it that a talented director would do something so cliched with macho posturing and buried in one senseless scene after another.Don ' t waste your time with this film .
 Wow , what a terrible movie . I even suffered through the entire thing hoping it would get better . Bad story , bad acting , bad movie.Probably the most unrealistic movie that I 've ever seen . There are about half a dozen shooting scenes in which no cops ever show up . Marky Mark turns out to be a super-tough guy who seems to make his own rules in gangster-ridden Detroit . Him and his brothers would n't last ten seconds toting guns throughout D-town . Seriously do n't waste your time .
 This was a terrible movie . The acting in this movie was some of the worst I have seen in an extremely long time . The dialogue is hackneyed , trite , and predictable . The characters were shallow , uninteresting , and dull . I did not have any emotional interest in any of the characters . I fast-forwarded through most of the movie and I was still able to get the gist of it . None of the dialogue is meaningful . When you are watching it , you can tell that you are watching a poorly made docu-drama -- intended to be violent -- pop pop pop -- with no intelligible principle behind the theme of the story . Do n't buy this junk .
 Do your self a favor , buy it used . Or better yet , ask a friend who has seen it before buying . It is dumb . Dumb dialog , predictable plot , a story you have already heard ... why people like this movie is beyond me .
 Not feeling this at all ... There were too many holes in the plot , like the one where the mother 's death appeared to be `` random '' on the video survealance but turned out to be a set up ? Huh ? You got to do better than that . It started off good but got too predictable and too stereotypical . Nope ! ... Not today or any other day man .
 This movie is a rough draft . It 's as if John Singleton saw the rough draft of a movie with potential not knowing it was n't finished and shot the movie . Given time to develop the story and add some depth to the characters it could have been a really good movie . Does it make the directors and actors money to be in such bad movies cause so many are made and released ? Are these movies not being previewed before they are actually released ? Are these movies shot with more details and durning editing they are so chopped up that they make no sense ? What is going on I mean really reading this as a script had to have not made sense so why was it even made ? If you just want a night of eye candy with no substance rent this movie . If you are looking for a well made , well crafted movie do n't waste your time on this one . This is strictly an eye candy movie .
 The movie itself was not very good . It was like watching a Lifetime channel movie with bad neighborhood fosterhome brothers inserted . There was n't as much action or `` revenge action '' as I was hoping for and the script was not that great . On the HD side , things were better . The video transfer is great and shows the cold side of Detroit very well including all the blue-ish hues of the winter . No signs of artifacts and mostly very sharp . The sounds is fine also w / just DD + or Dts to choose from.An OK movie with a good , crisp looking HD transfer .
 Add mine to the 1 star reviews . After watching about 2/3 of this , I started to skim throughthe rest , just to see the predictable finish . The film has several of those irritating film cliches that mademe finally want to reach for the fast-forward button
 The acting in this movie is terrible . The only mentionable performance is by Terrence Howard and he 's not in much of the movie anyway . Andre 3000 does okay , but the rest of the characters are just awful and hard to identify with . The first half of the movie drags but there is some decent action later on if you can stay awake long enough . I just ca n't think of anything that I really enjoyed about this one .
 This DVD did not work at all not in my DVD player not in my laptop not even in my ps3 I 'm so angry that I never want to order anothet thing from amazon like do n't u check things before u send them and I ca n't even get my money back
 All this movie was was guns and shooting and a hard to follow plot . If you like guns and blood , you may like it .
 It was necessary for us to finish watching this movie on Netflix from the Roku because the quality of Amazon streaming is terrible - the movie was interrupted continuously to buffer . This is not my internet speed - I test the speed often , and this does not happen on other applications I use on my Roku.As for the movie , there really is n't much good to say . The acting was poor -- characters are developed poorly , so it is difficult to care about them .
 Violent convenience store hold up - the mother of four adopted black and white &#34; brothers &#34; killed , snow , Detroit , shotguns , macho and formulaic .
 Maybe it 's just the style of movies that I am into , you know ... the artsy fartsy documentaries , dramas and movies that make you think about more important things other than guns and violence.I gave this movie a shot , no pun intended ... to say the least . I was ready to shut it off after 20 minutes into it but decided that -LRB- for lack of anything else to do , -RRB- that I 'd push myself to get as far through it as humanly possible . And that I did ... I watched the movie in it 's entirety and must say that it although was n't the worst movie I 've ever seen , it was borderline the worst movie I 've ever seen.The acting was that of a `` C '' class rated movie and although the plot of the movie was somewhat of an alright idea , the writers could 've definitely worked a little bit more on other things that had happened.I 'd say that if you like bad movies with guns , violence , horrible acting and attempted witty banter , that this is for you ; otherwise , stay away !
 Defies logic and common sense . Insults the viewer . And I paid to see it in the theater .
 My gosh this movie was bad !! I knew from the first 10 minutes this movie was horible I should have walked out when I could have gotten a refund , the acting was horible the plot was so unrealistic and rediculous it was like a 10 year old wrote this script without any concept of reality.About 30 min into this movie it seemed as if this movie turned into a comedy because nothing could be taken seriously.I was especially astonished when 4 loser brothers walk into a high school wave a gun around in the middle of a crowded gym , knock a guy in the face but some how walk out of the gym untouched , not arested or even questioned . How 's that fow a great plot.TERRIBLE MOVIE !!! Do n't evenm watch it if it 's free , it 's not even worth the bootleg !
 I was hoping this would be a good old-fashioned movie of brotherhood and retribution , and while I was not really familiar with any of the actors portraying the four sons , with the exception of Mark Wahlberg , I thought his presence was enough to make the hope realistic . Alas , it was not enough . Wahlberg was good in the role of the oldest son , as were the other `` sons '' , but the story was confused and confusing , I never really felt the pull of the mother -LRB- and I generally am a fan of Fionulla Flanagan -RRB- , and I found myself losing interest in the whole thing midway through . The basic premise of the story is one that should keep your attention -- 4 sons avenging the murder of their adoptive mother -- but the plot twists were violent without being compelling , they were hard to follow at times , and they did n't always make a lot of sense even when you could follow them . The scenes of Detroit were suitably gritty and depressing but did n't seem to relate to the brothers , who did n't seem to relate all that well to each other . All in all , nothing seemed to gel properly in this film and what should have been engrossing ended up being mostly confusing and a bit tedious .
 While the movie was entertaining it lacked any depth . They must have said `` this is my brother '' 20 times . the story was unrealistic and weak . That being said , considering what else there was to choose from this summer this movie was watchable .
 My review is very negative considering I purchased my movie , and never received it . Not only that but wrote two sincere emails to the seller and no response , and no movie . I will never buy from this seller again !
 I guess in the age of NO talent movie stars , writters that love violence and Hollywood being a distructive force for morality this movie does n't surprise me . Nor will it surprise you . It 's Hollywood telling the same old story over and over again but each time with a little more violence . As most educated people know this kind of thing just shows the rest of the world what kind of people we really are . They see everything from the eyes of the media and Hollywood . I wait for the fall of Hollywood . The talent just does n't exist anymore . The time of good Hollywood stars , music scores , writers , directors , costume designers and now a thing of the past . Save yourself money and not go which would be the political correct thing to do as far as i 'm concerned .
 I am more than stunned to find the average review for Four Brothers at the lofty level of 3.5 / 5 stars . This is easily one of the worst big studio films I have seen in the past 5 years . The storyline is ludicrous , the characters are walking cliches and completely unbelievable . The screenplay is obscenely bad . Wahlberg , whom I will openly admit is not my favorite actor , turns in a less than stellar performance even for him.It occurred to me while watching this film , that the `` four brothers '' and accompanying story must have been created from some do-it-yourself movie kit . Attach a big name director , an actor with box office draw , add water and ta-daa !!! A blockbuster , right ? WRONG.The plot follows no logical path whatsoever , frequently derailing any momentum the film might develop with scene choices that can only be described as ponderous . What exactly was the point of the restaurant scene where the gangster and his ho ate off the floor , anyway?I know camp when I see it . I know a western in sheeps clothing when I see it . I 'm not buying the explanation that Four Brothers is some kind of modern western in sheeps clothing or a traditional morality tale of some sort . There 's no hidden art here . Just garbage . I can only assume that people gave this movie the benefit of the doubt becaue the director is John Singleton of Boyz N ' the Hood/Hustle & Flow fame . I am well aware that I 'm in the minority on reviews for this film . So I 'll sum up by saying , if you 're easily entertained and expect little in the way of movie entertainment , perhaps you 'll find Four Brothers a nice way to kill an hour and 45 minutes . If you expect a little more for your time investment definitely look elsewhere .
 `` Four Brothers '' is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton 's increasingly moribund moviemaking career . The director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty `` Boyz n the Hood '' - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again . The story , reeking of artificiality , features Mark Wahlberg , Tyrese Gibson , Andre Benjamin and Garrett Hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother . When she is killed in a convenience store robbery , the quartet launches into action , seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced , through their investigation in the neighborhood , that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.The main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters . By not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother -LRB- except for one embarrassingly bad Thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student -RRB- , we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith , rendering the boys ' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best.The acting is uniformly flat , with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes , and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the Singleton pedigree in this area . The boys ' running around from venue to venue in their Detroit neighborhood , brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother 's killer , is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.With nary a single moment that rings believable or true , `` Four Brothers '' is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more .
 I had expected only to like this movie . I had seen the trailer and commercials and from them the movie looked decent . I had not expected to run out and buy a copy after seeing it so I could watch it time and time again ; I did not expect to love it , only to be entertained . And I was entertained , at parts ... but only a few of them.The self-help street justice that the brothers turn to in their effort to avenge their adopted mother 's killer was over-the-top unbelievable . The `` saintly '' woman who took these lost-cause boys into her home apparently did not do nearly as good of a job raising them as everyone gave her credit for . She took these boys when no one else wanted them . She gave them a home when no one else would . In her and each other , they had family . But then they grew up , went their separate ways and never got off the streets . Only one of the four appears to have his head on straight.Marky Mark was good in his role , but the role just was n't impressive . None of the roles were . The writing and the action were hijacked out of some 80s movie that is only aired on the basic channels Saturday afternoons when the networks have nothing else to show . I would have thought the film industry had evolved beyond movies like this.I am usually a supporter of violence in movies . In most action movies it can paint a picture . In Four Brothers it was senseless and unnecessary as it just leads you back to the idea that what the brothers got away with was completely ridiculous.The ending . Oh my , the ending . `` There is a plot twist coming , I can feel it ... Wait , was that it ? Was that the big finish ? Huh . I guess it was . '' I just narrated your thought process as you watch the end of Four Brothers.I think the plot was too big for the movie and there was no way the makers could have achieved what they wanted . I can not imagine a scenario when this would be a movie worth watching . Feel free to pass on Four Brothers .
 I remember seeing this in theatre and the credits came u the audience left angry and called the worst movie ever . Do not waste your time on this .
 I 'll be honest I never finished this movie . It was that bad . The trailer is great but this film was more group therapy than anything else . I like the idea of adopted children coming together to find their mother 's killer . But it was weak . I think they spent most of their time playing ice hockey than anything else . I got rid of it but I think the main character tried using a gun to get the attention of everyone in the gymnasium . Nobody took him seriously , and neither did I.Good concept , bad script and actors that tried with what they had .
 Had a lot of potential , but played like a random collection of incoherent contrived scenes . Seems like the director went through his old idea journal and made a movie out of it . Great to see Andr&eacute; 3000 in a movie , just wish it was done better .
 For one , the relationships between the four brothers does not come across real enough . Then on top of that there is way to much crimes being done by the foursome ... in real life they would not get that far , especially in Detroit ! This movie fails in my eyes because it does not explore the characters and the relationships they had with the adoptive mother on a real solid level . We see so much of the city of Detroit it makes us hope we never live there , and in the end it again , just has to much hollywood and not enough realism to make it worthwhile . I want my 2 hours back !
 I got this film because I 'm from Detroit where this takes place . It 's a pretty typical revenge flick . Four brothers want to find their adoptive mother 's killer . Usual smartass remarks , guys talking BS , fights , shootouts , blah , blah , blah . I guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch . This script was mediocre at best . Give me a Clint Eastwood or Bruce Willis film any day over this tripe .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I was very excited to find it on Blu-ray for such a great price . It came in the mail just a few days after ordering . The only negative thing I can say is that the sound quality is poor . I guess you get what you pay for ... $ 9.99
 I turned this video off right after the store shooting . It was difficult tearing away from Marvin Gaye 's `` Troubled Man '' but it had to be done . I disobeyed my first mine by clicking on this film in the first place ; it 's sad for me to say this but I rarely , rarely , watch black films . What is a black film ? Well movies as stereotypical as this , movies full of cliches and satire . Why ca n't we -LRB- I 'm black -RRB- have films that are not full of classless characters , murder , robbery , baby mamma and daddy drama . I watch film for content not color . Lots of acquaintances ask me if I 've seen this or that and I say No . They tell me they 're are gon na pull my black card , SORRY . There should be more films with black directors and black actors that are full of content and character and that appeal to human beings PERIOD . Rejection , neglect , insecurities , hope , perseverance , are all common to man ; I 'd like to see that with less robberies and thugs . You may say I 'm being preachy , but oh well this is just my opinion .
 Being an admirer of K Records and many of the artists associated with it , I was very excited to see this film . All I could think of while watching it , however , is how little I learned about K and its bands . This is not a documentary in any sense but a festival of self-congratulation and self-aggrandizing -LRB- with the exception of the most celebrated character -- Calvin Johnson -- who comes off as thoughtful and nearly heroic -RRB- . It quickly becomes a promotional spot for Beat Happening , though we never hear the name Heather nor hear from or about her -- and she wrote and sang nearly half their songs ! The director assumes a vast amount of former knowledge about K and the bands , then proceeds to sell their wares to us . Alienating . Runs counter to the spirit of the times and the music . An utter shame . And I can only look back in my memory for the real deal , cause I was there , & this was n't even an hint of the story .
 I ordered this a month before Christmas for my sword-fight loving 85 year old father . It still has n't arrived . Delay , delay and now I see it again - I REALLY DO N'T THINK IT EXISTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The ONE STAR was for keeping my hope alive
 I repeat - Do not let others fool you because this event was one of the worst WWF pay per views ever . Actually , I think this very well might be the worst pay per view in half a decade!The undercard was dreadful and the main event was not good . This was a sad mistake for a pay per view event!If you like only sports entertainment and could care less about wrestling , this may very well be the one for you ! Hell , The Corporate Ministry are in every segment and practically come out after every match ... FUN !
 What the hell Amazon this is No Mercy '98 not 99 because 99 is from Cleveland , Ohio and i 'm goin to that
 THIS IS NOT THE `` NO MERCY '' WITH THE LADDER MATCH ! THIS WAS IN ' 99 , BUT IT WAS EARLIER THAT YEAR ! IT WAS IN THE U.K. ! Okay , now that that 's out of the way , IT SUCKED ! The Rock , Big Show , D-Lo Brown , Al Snow , Ken Shamrock , Mark Henry , The Godfather , Test , Val Venis , Ivory , Jackie , Road Dogg , & Debra were not there ! Do you know why , because they were at a house show the day before right here in Baltimore , MD ! -LRB- I even went to it -RRB- . Well , that sucked too . Well , I 'm just clearing that up . It IS `` No Mercy '' ' 99 , But not the Ladder Match ; Ceveland ; American one . It 's the Boring Match ; Manchester ; United Kingdom one .
 There was 8 matches total with a decent card . Steve Austin vs. Undertaker vs. Triple H , Shane McMahon vs. X-Pac , Nicole Bass vs. tori , Mankind vs. Billy Gunn , The Brood vs. The Acolytes & Viscera , Kane vs. Mideon , Gillberg vs. Tiger Ali singh and Droz vs. Steve Blackman . No titles changed hands and the outcomes to all the matches were dumb . England was very disapointed with the WWF . Do not buy this video it 's not worth the money .
 the only matches that were good were the followingAustin vs.undertaker vs. hhhbilly gunn vs. mankindthe rest were all snores and bores
 No Mercy was a pretty crap event , although all the UK one 's are . There are only a few decent matches on the card . If you buy this , you may as well skip the first hour and a half because it is crap .
 This pay per view would have been pretty good , but Val Venus had to go and screw it up . How could an idiot like him beat a hardcore legend like Mick Foley in any occasion . I am glad John Cena was n't here at this time , because he probably would have been on this video too . Then this video would have been beyond crap !!! But Val Venus is stupid and I hate him he ruined this event !
 1 . Lightheavyweight titleGillberg vs. Tigerthis match lasted like a minute . gillberg is some goldberg ripoff and at the same time has no skills and is a retard ! 0/102 . The Acolytes and Viscera vs. The Broodman i cant see edge and christan like this back then . actually was a pretty good match except it ended arpurtly when Mideon interfered . still a good tag amtch . 8/103 . Droz vs. Steve Blackmanare these guys even wrestlers ? Blackman is good at his martila arts but that is it . and well droz is horriable . 2/104 . Kane vs. Mideonthis was when kane was a monster and was taken serisouly not as a wimp that couldent keep his wife . Mideon sucks . kane is great but not good enough to carry mideon to a good match . plus another arpurbt ending . 6/105 . Tori vs. Sableacutally it was sables bodyguard that fought tori . it lasted for 10 seconds . 0/106 . European titleShane Mcmahon vs. X - Pacman if x - pac cant even beat shane o mac interferance or not that is sad . it was funny when vinces stooges came out and beat up shane but man x - pac is a good wrestler but he looked stale that night and god do we have to get into shane . 4 years later though he would be a great wrestler though . 5/107 . Mankind vs. Billy Gunnonce agian i ask this question why isnt mankind in the main event ? he is one of the best and he has to despertaly try to find a good match out of Billy Gunn but man he sucks so bad i dont think anybody could carry him . 5/108 . WWE title matchStone Cold Steve Austin vs. HHH vs. Undertakerthree great wrestlers had only a average match . what the hell is with that ? actually pretty good but this is when HHH was the undertakers partner so this was basicaly a hanicapped match . of course austin still won becasue this was a uk event . 8/10overall - wow . only two matches reached the 8/10 mark . that is sad .
 What the hell Amazon this is No Mercy '98 not 99 because 99 is from Cleveland , Ohio and i 'm goin to that
 I saw this movie , expecting to see a romance about young love in an British upper class boarding school ? Forget the hype -- this is not a positive ` gay ' movie.What is there about this play that is especially positive for gays ? Let 's see ... you 're wealthy , upper class , effete , spoiled brat . And because your gay sensibilities are bruised , you go COMMIE ? And spy for the butcher STALIN ? Then after you get caught , you end up alone , in exile in the puritanical repressive Soviet Union , drinking yourself to death?Anyone that understands the real history of Guy Burgess will wonder why a play and movie was made about him.Plenty of gay men face the same sort of pressures , but does that justify becoming traitors and communists ? HUH ? I ca n't think of anything that causes more homophobia in the world then the degenerate hypocritical immorality of the British Aristocracy . Do we really need another story about gay aristocrats to fan the flames ? And a commie traitor to boot?Hmmmmm ? Do I recommend this movie ? Well ... the actors in the movie ARE pretty . But the characters and the story full of pathos and sadness , that I really doubt you 'll enjoy it.I 'd opt out of this movie , and go for Beautiful Thing , about 2 working class gay boys coming out . They face all the same pressures and repression , do n't succumb to hatred and loathing , and find strength in each other .
 It is odd what Cannes would allow in 1984 . Among them a British film at the cusp of the British Film Movement about a group of closeted homosexual boys , unwilling to leave the comfort of their university , of which one eventually becomes the coveted Russian spy Guy Burgess -LRB- or at least a small transgression -RRB- . On several top ten lists of international critics , this viewer had trouble understanding the overall tones , themes , and relative points to the film . Was this a simple love story ? Was this film created to symbolize the unsympathetic , yet hypocritical views of homosexuality ? Was this a story about a scorned man and his distaste for what fellow Englishmen made him do ? Who knows ! Hating the idea of so many questions without answers , I challenged myself to watch this film a second time to ensure that obvious points were not being missed , and it faltered yet again . `` Another Country '' is a hodgepodge of different ideas , social inconsistencies , and covered with an obscure layer of homosexuality . It is a film about nationalism , about education , about love - but it never even scratches the surface of any of these - it just puts them on the table and expects the viewer to `` get it '' . As an outsider looking in , I was confused by the structure of the school , the intertwined love connections , and the purpose behind the bookends with the aging Everett . `` Another Country '' was dull , trite , and overly presumptuous of itself without giving the viewer any foresight into the world created . It is a dated film about a culture that does n't exist everywhere , yet oddly the DVD does.Insult my intelligence if you must , but what sort of education were these students receiving ? For the course of 90 minutes , students read book nonchalantly , played dress up for the guard , insulted little boys , ran out of windows , spent money , yelled about Marxism , and made out with each other . There was no visible structure ; outside of being caught doing something wrong would mean lashes by the `` Gods '' of the House . There were no teachers , there were no assignments , and there were no exams that one could see , merely the openness to allow these students to do whatever they wanted to with rules that seemed as archaic as this film . Twenty-four years later , being an American with a structured University understanding , I was confused by this example . This was a major issue with this film , because instead of focusing on the underlying themes , I was too caught up in the basic structure of this school . It starts with a `` teacher '' finding two students making out , but from there these `` teachers '' become mere spirits of the mind - looming in the background as threats , but never seen . From a believable standpoint , I was disappointed . The confusion muddled the point , and the misunderstanding of how anyone could choose to stay longer merely to become a `` God '' of a house left the central focus lost in my eyes.With the unexplainable introduction to British education bewildering me at every turn , I must also question the validity of director Marek Kanievska 's choice to bookend this film with an aging Everett attempting to explain his reason for being a traitor by using his boyhood school days as an analogy of life and love . Was it necessary to convey the story by using a real historical figure as the narrator ? This initially gave me a false impression of what this film would be about . I assumed it would be about his turn to Russia , while instead it focused on his love of Harcourt -LRB- a very floppy Cary Elwes -RRB- and disgust for hypocritical friends . The use of the bookends felt like it gave the film a more authentic feel at first , but when they were revisited at the end , I felt slightly cheated and still confused . Did the reporter get her story ? What story was she after ? Should `` Another Country '' have this many questions upon its conclusion ? Perhaps the play was better structured , but as a film adaptation , I must admit it fails.Leading us through the murkiness of `` Another Country '' are currently well respected actors in the British community . Colin Firth plays the only strong character in this entire film , Tommy Judd . His hatred for everything really exemplified my feelings about this film , which is why I connected to him the most . He was the Salinger-esque character that was well defined , strong , and understandable . The rest , well , the rest were as disappointing as this film . Everett was as weak as a wet paper towel . His character was unknown , attempting to be himself as well as a character , I kept seeing Everett be Everett - he was never Guy Bennett -LRB- Burgess - whatever ! -RRB- . The bewilderment of where Madonna was kept me at bay , but the sure comic genius of the film was that of Cary Elwes playing someone who caught the attention of Everett - somehow . Everett seems to attempt to play a smart , charismatic student that bends the rules and flaunts his homosexuality ; Elwes is completely different - if one could even say that . He is awkward , boring , and honestly , a nothing . He is not a character , not Harcourt , not Elwes , nothing . During a first time dinner where Everett attempts to pour out his story about his romantic death of his father , Elwes responds with a grunt of a `` No way '' or something along those trivial lines . Elwes is reminiscent of a dog in this film , no real motive ; he just follows Everett around pushing the plot into another dismal avenue.Overall , `` Another Country '' was a disappointment . The lack of a focused direction , informative introduction , and defined characters sunk this film before it even had the opportunity to leave port . The characters were abysmal . A pre-Mr . Darcy Firth was fun to watch , but everyone else played themselves out of character , out of entertainment . This was a film about so many ideas that no real idea was able to surface . The onslaught of homosexuality was impressive to see in a film released in 1984 , but midway through the feature it became clich&eacute; . Having recently viewed Alan Bennett 's `` The History Boys '' as well as read the play , it was tough to watch `` Another Country '' sink into the water . Why could n't there be teachers that understood , students that were less forceful with their homosexuality -LRB- perhaps just seeing it as the norm -RRB- , and loves that broke the barriers , instead of jumping out of nowhere . Being a Cannes Best Film nominee , I had high hopes for this film , but the lack of everything solid soured it immediately . Kanievska 's direction was more made-for-TV than worth of film . `` Another Country '' was just another clich&eacute; British schoolboy film that went nowhere , gave us lucid characters , and confused us by being too smart than what it is . Could not suggest it to anyone , nor would I!Grade
 Total farce . Completely liberal political propaganda . This movie tried to say that gays were oppressed , that communism is a better choice than capitalism , and tat anyone who was against these two idealogies was evil and `` mean '' -LRB- sound familiar ? sound like a theme of 2009,2010 , and 2011 ??? -RRB- . Anyway , how did the old guy hear the two all the way down that hallway behind that door in the boiler room ? he did n't / could n't . But the bad set up to this `` victim '' movie had to start someway . Anyway the premise here is that gays just want to date and lay around in boats day dreaming while holding one another and that the repression of society forces them to have `` relationships '' with their trousers down in dark basement rooms indiscriminately . They have to sneak out of their rooms and avoid the nazi guards at the all boys school to do it too . There is a sub-theme of if you are for order , working hard , tradition , discipline you are a oppressive monster . I have no idea where the people who wrote this stuff dreamed up their communist Russia but from what I have read and heard gays did n't flee to the Soviet Union to live in a society that allowed them to `` express themselves '' . And what really worked against the propaganda in this movie was that the main gay character had ` been ' with countless other school boys on that campus and even blackmailed the leadership to get out of trouble . So how repressive could this place be ? He would even sit at the window and lust after other male students . So it was so silly . The themes here are what you hear today in 2011 for both gay rights and communism/socialism . THe only interesting thing about this movie was that some of the actors are now well known so you get to see them when they were much younger ... just starting out acting . You see Colin Firth ... who looked like and sounded like a squeaky mouse . You saw Rupert Evert pre-face lift distortion days . I looked a few of the others up to see who they might be as the two I just mentioned have physically changes so much I did n't really know they were themselves . And one dude mysteriously died about the time this movie came out . Nowhere could I find why/how he died . Hmm ...
 I was bored to tears !!! This is a real lackluster movie . Dialogue poor , cinematography ordinary and the acting boring . Believe me , you ca n't wait to see this sleeper ... yawn!F.PoeNYC
 I have loved this series of books and was really looking forward to an Italian series for an Italian series of books . -LRB- Instead of the bizarre things the BBC does to continental ops . -RRB- And it started great-I finally settled into the rhythm of the the subtitles-very fast-and got into the characters . Lovely-and then the subtitles disappeared for whole stretches . I returned the product sadly . Please better production values !
 After a fatal car accident kills her sister and prevents her escape from Romania , the struggling vampire Michele is taken in by a deranged doctor and his assistant , who claim that they can cure her . Her master , the evil Radu , is brought back to life once again by the Bloodstone , returning to his former coven to track down the woman who scorned him . Although it was made just a few years after the earlier entries , SUBSPECIES 4 feels like an entirely different film . The ugly opening gives an immediate sense of cheapness to the production , which is continues with the inferior make-up effects and Z-movie plot . SUBSPECIES has always been built on the growing sexual tension between Radu and Michele , yet here they share very little screen time . Only in the final moments are the two brought back together at last in one of the series ' most powerful moments . Anders Hove and Denise Duff are subpar compared to before , but Dan Astileanu 's obsessive and over-the-top professor drags the picture down . Regardless of its flaws , SUBSPECIES fans are sure to sink their teeth into this final entry , although it is easily the weakest in the series.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 The first three `` Subspecies '' movies had their good points and bad points , but overall they were entertaining little vampire movies.Not so with `` Subspecies IV
 Subspecies is one of the few Full Moon series that was actually good . Along the lines of Puppet Master and Trancers this title involved the vampire world . However it should of ended with the third.As you may recall at the end of Subspecies 3 Radu got caught in the sun , fell in flames and was impaled on a tree . Michele , the he was after escaped and we presumed that he was dead . Wrong , in the time that he fell and they escaped Michele 's sister and her boyfriend were in a fatal car wreak and they died . Michele while still in a body bag was carted off to a guy who claimed to ahve a cure for Vampirism . In all manner of truth he is just a pathetic bloodsucker who wanted the bloodstone . Radu teams up with an apprentice/fledgling -LRB- the guy from vampire journals -RRB- and they try to reclaim Michele.Throughout the trial and errors of this film Radu and his fledgling eventually get their hands on her but in the end fail in the process , thus resulting in a lackluster ending.Overall this is for die hard subspecies fans only . Any one else would be highly disappointed .
 What starts off as a pretty good movie turns ridiculous . It is sad because it did n't have to . You will notice with these Sonny Chiba movies that they are not super low budget like most chinese and taiwanese kung fu films . The fights are all good but the bear fight was just horrible . They had like a weird robot and then a guy in a bear suit for some the time . I want to know why they did n't actually at least show a real bear . It was unbearable!This movie is kind of the same as bull fighter and has most of the same actors . But all Chiba films do that . So again he is an outkast and nobody would ever except his challenge because their dojos are for respectable karate masters . So he ends up showing off again , at least in evreybody 's eyes . So again all the fights are good but I do n't think that when a bear dies he keeps getting up and falling down.The DVD picture quality is really good but does have some horizantal lines during the movie . Not very noticeable overall though . Sound is also very good . And remember that when fighting a bear you have to use that special move of jumping over him and kicking him.Also look out for a cameo in the credits by the real Mas Oyamo that Chiba is portraying in this trilogy .
 I am a Black Belt in Kyokushin , and was a student of Mas Oyama in Japan . I wish one day Japanese movie production would make a TRUE BIOGRAPHY Film about Mas Oyama . Not Fiction movie like this one , may be 10 % based on true Mas Oyama 's life . He deserve to have a better , REAL biography film . The korean film `` Fighter in the Wind '' is another one that I did not like since it is not an accurate biography . It has too much of a prejudice view by the Koreans . Mas Oyama only konws the true story ... It is BEST to read a book written by Mas Oyama himself , rather than watching fiction entertaiment movies . OSU ~ !
 Now I have nothing against kids movies , especially those that send a message . Back in the 80 's and 90 's kids movies used to be enjoyable . This movie , however was more annoying than enjoying . The thing that I hate about kids movies now adays is that they are ssooooo corny!Jumanji was not corny at all . It had realistic dialogue , action scenes , the scenes simply flow and the fact it had robbin williams in it put it on top . Im not saying that it was the best movie ever but it did have all he elements that make movies enjoyable . Heartwarming , action , realistic dialogue , and robin williams -LRB- he he -RRB- . But most of all it was enganging.This movie was not engaging . It was boring . On top of that it was corny . Oh and no action . In jumanji there was action . Stampedes , lions , monsoons , vine swinging ... In this movie all you see is one kid running from point A to point B , then back to point A and then back to point B while the other kid watches . And then they switch turns . Boring and predictable.Also , unlike jumanji , ther was no real danger here . Oh sure there were robots , aliens , and meteors but robot was stupid and slow he couldnt eve run as fast as the 10 year old . The aliens were also stupid and they had terrible aim . It was hard to tell whether they were trying to destroy the kids or the house because with all its `` advanced technology '' it still could not hit the kids worth crap . I know that I am supposed to give this movie a break since it is a `` kids '' movie but uh , no , Im not gon na give it any break . This movie was terrible . I couldnt even watch it all the way through it was so bad.The main thing that I didnt like about this movie was the fact none of the characters were likable . None of them . I liked all the characters in jumanji . None of the were annoying brats . But whatever , if you want see this movie for yourself go ahead . I wouldnt recommend it to any one .
 `` Zathura '' is about two brothers that fight all the time . The younger brother finds a sci-fi board game called `` Zathura '' in the basement , and wants his bratty older brother to play with him . The older brother is less than excited about playing a board game , but quickly comes around when a meteor shower happens in the living room . `` Zathura '' is basically Jumanji in space ... but without the good story . The effects are top-notch , but the story is n't . We 've seen this movie before , and we do n't need to see a second-rate remake .
 I grew up watching & loving Jumanji . It was funny , it was original , and it 's stood the test of the time -LRB- so far -RRB- . I bought Zathura on the off chance , as I needed another DVD to complete the deal.But Zathura is practically a carbon copy of Jumanji , but set in space , and with robots , and stranded astronauts -LRB- hello Dax Shephard -RRB- , instead of out of control animals . Both were originally books , and Zathura is a sequel to Jumanji in the books . But they 're just too similar , it 's like the author could n't think of another good idea , so decided to rehash his previous story . Both share the same plot device
 For the life of me I can not understand how any one could like this deplorable and stupid film . I was totally bored who wrote the script for this film ? A load of codswollop .
 If you read the actual Zathura book , you quickly realize that it 's probably Allsburg 's weakest . Although the movie enhanced and expanded the story quite a bit , I was left disappointed . I turned to my wife a handful of times in the theater just wishing that the kids would stop shouting at each other and get on with the story . For crying out loud , I can come home from work at the wrong moment if I want to listen to kids yelling at each other . Yeah , they used some awful words too ; but they were unlikeable characters for the most part because of their endless banter.The movie had an endless potential for good adventure
 One of those movies with action and great special effects , but nothing going on . Not much story and no acting . `` Jumanji '' was a great film the whole family could enjoy because there was interaction and depth between the charcaters and a story that kept drawning you back in . I would not recomend `` Zathura '' to anyone over 12 years old .
 Very annoying to see two brothers screaming one at the other for two hours , even with a happy ending , in a nutshell that 's the story ... Also , who needs a second Jumanji .
 It 's a decent movie for kids , but not for adults . I found it to be too geared towards children unlike Jumanji which was geared towards all ages . Also , was I the only one who noticed that in the beginning when the sister was frozen the dice said they must go five times before she could be `` unfrozen '' ? They must have went about 8-10 times before she was unfrozen . There were too many mistakes like that one in it .
 I had n't even been conceived back in 1959 . That was about when my mom was still in school . Nonetheless , I sat down during my teenage years every afternoon after school to watch the episodes of `` The Twilight Zone '' I 'd taped the night before -LRB- via timer -RRB- off the sci-fi channel , because I loved the formula . That formula ? Suspension of disbelieve = 1 . By this I mean that the audience will only really have to suspend their disbelief for one thing . One element . One plot point that dominates the episode later . One thing alone about the world you 're about to be vaulted into is different or unnatural.The same was true of Jumanji . Basically , there is a board game -LRB- presumably a cursed board game , as it weilds magic against the gamers , -RRB- that you must play to the end , or else its `` interesting effects '' will never go away.Of course , Jumanji took those effects from a fictitious jungle environment , more dangerous than any jungle on earth , but Zathura is a slightly different kind of game . This one is a space exploration game , and starting the game vaults anyone who plays it , along with , presumably , everything in their immediate vicinity , into the spaceborne world of Zathura . The long and short is that two quarreling brothers start playing the game and find themselves and their house stranded in outer space.Now , I 've seen many good reviews for this movie , and I 'm sorry mine must be so ... harsh , but I did n't enjoy Zathura as much as I enjoyed Jumanji for one reason above all others.That reason is that frankly , the scriptwriting stunk.I 'm not talking about the dialogue between the boys or the dialogue of their father or their sister , or some of the dialogue of the mysterious astronaut , who appears later on . Much of the dialogue was actually very realistic , which is more than can be said for most kids movies . Problems seem to have only arisen in dialogue when it pertains to the game and its effects , which occur more and more frequently as the movie progresses.For one thing , the behavior of children when vaulted into outer space by a mad board game would be considerably different than what is shown in this movie . In Jumanji , the behaviors of the kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- playing the game was actually quite realistic . The girl who plays the game of Jumanji reacts realistically to the game 's warning with an `` un-oh . I did n't see this part . '' Then from then on , the kids realize that it is of the utmost importance that one of them finish the game if they want to be rid of the horrible dangers it 's been visiting upon them.In this movie , the very real , life-threatening dangers are put on the back burner in the children 's minds , as their conflicts with one another take precidence . For instance , the whole scene where the older brother complains that the younger one `` cheated '' to move himself ahead a number of spaces , and not even the astronaut has the wherewithall to note that if cheating were possible , they should all try it , since who `` wins '' does n't matter . What matters is that they do n't all lose.Children quarrel easily , and can be remarkably foolish and stubborn . This I freely admit , but if they are in mortal danger , they will stand up and harken to it first , before trying to find someone to blame . This was done in Jumanji , but not Zathura . I think the scriptwriters on this movie were either being pestered by their own quarreling children WHILE they wrote this script , or else had just come off reading `` lord of the flies '' and decided that all children are barbaric and less intelligent than squirrels ; which at least have the basic animal instinct to react to danger until the danger is past.Indeed , I have to say that since this is really only a problem when the game gets involved , I almost found myself wishing the game had never been in the movie , and that it had just been a movie about two brothers learning about each other while being left alone in a house with their irresponsible sister , which is a shame , since the game is kinda supposed to be what the whole movie is about , right?Of course , this is the biggest problem with this movie -LRB- unrealistic dialogue , -RRB- but there are other shortcomings it has that Jumanji lacked . At least , these things are shortcomings in my mind.First , I think the fact that the boys adventure takes place entirely in another world did n't really help things any . Realistically , they sort of had to do it that way , in order for it to be a space exploring game , but I kind of prefer the effect when there 's some scenery to worry about beyond one house , a starfield and a few alien ships . I always liked the scenes in Jumanji where the stampeding animals ran through town and stomped all over that one car . They could have at least visited another planet or something and showed some scenery like that.However , more importantly , the game -LRB- I know we 're supposed to suspend our disbelief regarding the game , but this bothered me -RRB- seems to appear just before the younger brother finds it , and disappear just after they finish . It 's apparently been lying in the basement of their house -LRB- an old house , admittedly , but it 's not like someone tried to get rid of it , like they did Jumanji , -RRB- visible behind the stairs in that basement to anyone who turns around to walk up them . It would have made a whole lot more sense -LRB- at least to me , -RRB- if the game had been found by the younger brother in a crater in a local park or something ; all that remained of a meteorite . Plus , I just thought that up on the spot . You could also do a lot of other origin stories that make even more sense . Aliens drop it off to get rid of it , it comes from the future due to a time warp , it was manufactured by a race of spacefaring immortals and lost by one of their children ... the list goes on . The game has no origin , and it easily could . How much imagination does it really take?However , and this bothered me a lot more , the game is left on the floor where anyone could get at it after they win . What , do they WANT somebody to come along and get lost in space after they 've just barely escaped with their lives ? It was another thing about their behavior that did n't add up . At least bury it in the backyard or something.I 've already commented on the lack of scenery , but let me do so once more . Even at the beginning and ending of the movie , where you get to see the yard and street connected to the house , the camera never dares to zoom into someone else 's yard and the script never calls for the boys to go off the property for any reason , and it fades out just as they 're about to leave the lot at the end of the movie . Disappointing . This is n't the Sims , for goodness sake . It 's okay to show the neighborhood -LRB- unless the neighborhood pulled out of the movie at the last minute . -RRB- But I think the worst thing , for me , was n't the confined space of this movie -LRB- irony there ... sorta ... -RRB- but the fact that there really were n't any action sequences at all . Children fighting with giant , poison misquitos and spiders is an action sequence . Robin Williams fending off an african lion is an action sequence . These kids typically are n't called upon to do anything but run from one place to another , pick things up , carry them , put them down , break some furniture , and hold up cards . For those who are familiar with beer , let me say that this movie felt like Jumanji Lite ; not as exciting to make it go down easier.Indeed , Zathura goes down easy , and that 's my issue . I know this movie clearly was intended for kids after having watched it , but I 'm pretty sure Jumanji was too , and it was also enjoyable to adults . It took a stupid , unrealistic , silly and impossible piece of subject matter and did as much with it as was humanly possible at the time , achieving the delicate balance of stressing the character traits and life experiences of the characters it portrays , but not allowing those traits to take center stage , watermarking them over the mortal danger , or really even letting them distract the viewers from the centerpiece of the movie.Long and short , Jumanji was better . The graphics and sound have improved over the last decade , but that 's to be expected . Graphics and sound quality are pretty much all this film had on Jumanji . I wo n't say it 's a downright bad film , because there are enjoyable elements to it , and a kid might like it more than I -LRB- an artist -RRB- do , but after having seen it once , I ca n't picture myself purchasing it .
 I love a good kids film . Often I like them better than films aimed exclusively at adults . There is less objectionable material . Plots are not convoluted . Often there is genuine sentiment , and a moral to the story . What I do not enjoy is the increasing tendency of movies for kids to rely on kinetic energy -LRB- or wild special effects -RRB- as a substitute for good writing and acting . I think that is part of what happened with Zathura.Zathura is a movie like Jumanji -- where kids start playing a board game -LRB- called Zathura , naturally -RRB- and they enter an alternate reality -- the world of the game made real . They have to finish the game to get back to the normal world.The acting is n't very good . Haley Joel Osment and Dakota Fanning have raised the bar so high now that what used to be a passable job of acting for a child now looks silly and amateurish . I got bored about halfway through and started fast forwarding furiously to the end.Zathura is supposed to have a `` moral , '' but that aspect is so ham-handedly written and acted that it almost seems pasted on.The game involves a series of challenges and threats , as the children journey to outer space and confront robots and lizard aliens and friendly stranded astronouts . It is mostly a succession of strange things -LRB- involving expensive special effects photography -RRB- happening every time a kid takes a turn at the game . The kids then react badly -LRB- or badly act -RRB- in fright and stumble their way through until the game ends.I do n't know why this movie was made . The only thing it has going for it is a lot of action whenever the game play results in peril . In between the peril , the dialogue is dull.There are so many great kids movies , or even mediocre kid 's movies , better than this -- almost any of the animated classics directed by Hayao Miyazaki , or Secondhand Lions . I kind of enjoyed Holes , and The Sandlot , too . The old My Bodyguard . The Incredibles was very entertaining.I do n't know how the kiddies reacted to Zathura , but it seems like a waste of time to me . You may find yourself wishing the kids did get pulled into the black hole , just to end the movie early .
 Once again Hollywood has chosen to ruin a potentially good family/childrens movie by including foul vulgar language . How some can label this as a good family movie is beyond me . I have higher standards and values for my family I guess . Yes this is suppose to be a Jumanji sequel but unfortunately Zathura was made in todays society where the norms of lewd vulgar and profanity are being accepted as healthy family values . This society is sicko .
 Idea for the movie is great ! Build-up it received during the last season of `` Apprentice '' made me think it was a great film . But was I disappointed ... probably because I was expecting a space version of `` Jumanji '' . It is far from it ; underdeveloped protagonists in form of little pricks , and their very shallow connections . One thing is childish characters - but these were really really mean kids , and I think a bit too much on the mean side . One of the child-protagonists was portrayed as a cute and cunning little kid , but a dengerous pathological liar non the less . If there are kids like that out there , there should not be any movies with characters like it for our children to watch . So much more could have been done ! To the director 's credit , the old-school special effects are really cool , but they can not replace underdeveloped story , mean characters . In conclusion , if you want to see a great family movie with your kids , great special effects , and a worthy story line with the point that will make your kids grow up into better people , watch `` Jumanji '' again and do not waste the time with this underachiever . Really - do n't bother . Or do bother , and see for your self before showing it to your kids , and see what I mean .
 Saw this on televisian . There really was nothing better to do at the time.Special effects are unimaginative . Settings nice . But overall this film is a cheap and unimaginative nock off of Jumanji .
 I never write reviews , but how could I resist when this request appeared on my e-mail ? My three-year-old son called me a `` bi-atch '' the other day . I was shocked -- we do n't even have TV ! After questioning his teachers at school , I gave up on finding the source until I heard this movie play in our van . The first thing Walter says to his robot is , `` Get me a juice box , bi-atch . '' I also have to point out that Sammy screams , `` You 're such a dick '' to his brother in the first 20 minutes of the movie . Now why on earth would they have to ruin such a good movie with two words ?
 I 'm sure the 13-and-unders might find this exciting and riveting , but from an adult perspective ... this is nothing more than the atrocious Jumanji Revisited . It 's not as BAD as Jumanji , the special effects are much better in this one -LRB- not saying much -RRB- , and it 's not as ANNOYING either , thanks to the absence of Robin Williams hogging all the screen time and stepping on everyone else 's lines ... but if you 've sat and suffered thru THAT mess , there 's no need to sit and suffer through this , it 's the same setup , the same plot -LRB- now set in outer space instead of a jungle -RRB- , and the same ending . Why was this even made ?
 I had no idea that Chris Van Allsburg had written Zathura . When I saw the trailer for Zathura and heard `` from the world of Jumanji '' being advertised , I figured it was just the movie studio trying to reap more money out of Chris Van Allsburg 's Jumanji . When I got to the theatre , I was plesantly suprised to see that it was actually based on a book that Chris Van Allsburg had written.The movie started out with overly done bickering brothers who seemed to be bickering for a bit too long by the time the game of Zathura was found in the basement . In this beginning part of the movie , I was very suprised at two words that were written to come out of a 10 year old 's mouth . It was unexpected and unnecessary.The bickering brothers began playing Zathura and realized that they were in outer space after meteors destroy their living room after the first move of the game . They go and open the door and see that they are floating through an asteroid belt somewhere in outer space , but yet they could breath perfectly , and there was normal earth gravity for the majority of the movie , unless you spit off of the porch , and then the spit would float away . Each move of the board brought something new , whether it be a malfunctioning robot voiced by Frank Oz -LRB- voice of Yoda , Miss Piggy -RRB- , picking up a stranded astronaught that has been drifting through space for the past 15 years after first playing Zathura , or being attacked by Zorgons . Speaking of Zorgons , was it just me , or were Zorgons a tribute to a few different movies ? When searching the house , the Zorgons reminded me a whole lot of the raptors from the Jurassic Park movies . Their ships looked like ships from classic sci-fi movies , but without really thinking about it , it dawned on me that they look a WHOLE lot like the Natalus from 20,000 leagues under the sea , and then in the Zorgon ship itself , there was the tribute to Citizen Kane . It was n't exactly Rosebud , but close enough . I see I 'm not the only amazon reviewer that spotted that , but I have a feeling that most people completely missed that.Overall , the movie did n't have an original enough story . It was just Jumanji all over again , only this time in space and with a much smaller -LRB- and less famous -RRB- cast . The language and intense scenes did seem way too much for a PG movie as well . It could have easily been rated PG-13 in my opinion ...
 I do not approve of the language used in this PG movie . One of the most helpful reviewers mentions that the language is language her children hear at home anyway . My children do not hear these words -LRB- dick , beyotch -RRB- at home and certainly do not call each other those things . I felt the need to discuss the language with my children who are 8 and 10 . Neither one of them even know what they mean -- thank goodness . We will not be watching this movie again .
 I suppose if I were six this might be a good film . The special effects are quite good and the art design is outstanding , but as an adult I require a bit of a story to go with my smoke and mirrors . The film does a large number of things right . The look is absolutely spectacular from beginning to end and I loved the way that the art design reminded one of the forties to fit the design of the game . Unfortunately , the plot was pretty much nonexistent . If one has seen the quite excellent JUMANJI , one knows what to expect . But this one lacks the originality of that film as well as the large cast and varied sets . This film is restricted to a house in outer space , precluding both varieties in locations and in cast.Despite the above-mentioned restrictions , this might still have been a good movie if only the script had been stronger . There just was n't much to it , and the entire brother versus brother aspect got intensely tiresome well before the utterly predictable bonding that inevitably took place before the end of the film . Indeed , the screaming matches between the two brothers caused me more than once to nearly turn the film off before I had completed it , something that almost never happens -LRB- I can almost count all the films I have started but not finished on the fingers of both hands -RRB- . Would I recommend a parent showing this to a younger child ? I think it might be a bit jarring for a child under six . It would probably an average child over eleven . It might be OK for those in between , but I ca n't imagine many adults enjoying this one .
 SCREAMING YOUNG KID , DRIVES YOU CRAZY , EXTREMELY LACKING IN DIALOGUE !!!
 I bought this movie for my children and they WILL NOT be watching it ! It is sad that a movie that should be fun for kids uses foul languauge . In the first 5 minutes of the movie the younger child calls his brother a d * ck . I am so glad I previewed this before letting my 4 & 6 year olds watch it . Then the older boy uses b * itch when talking about the robot . I know it has a PG rating but is the language really neccessary !!!
 Jumanji starts with a sad lonely boy , a clueless father and a factory worker on the verge of greatness . All confused , thwarted and aching for redemption . The movie travels though time and adventure saving not only the initial characters but two orphaned kids from their orphaness . Real excitement , real adventure , real tears.This Zathura movie has no emotional connection , just overtly bratty kids , with cute kid shots disbursed ad nauseum throughout the movie . This movie brings nothing but emptiness . A frozen sister in hot pants underwear , a stupid young kid who supposedly is so smart but wo n't continue with a game that obviously will solve all the problems and then in the midst of all this banal nothingness a card is drawn that allows any wish to be granted ; and the kid wishes for a football with Brett Favre autograph , are the writers of this screenplay medicated or just as stupid as the characters in this movie . How could this kid not just wish to be home , it makes less then no sense . Movies like this are not just bad but are symbolic of a culture that actually watches American Idol.If as an adult you actually like this movie then to you I give the lyrics of Pink Floyd : I can not put my finger on it now.The child is grown , the dream is gone.I have become comfortably numb .
 One thing I seriously do not like is a page of reviews recommending that I buy a bad movie . I bought the DVD of ` Dawn of the Mummy ' only to be seriously disappointed . I can take bad acting , a dumb plot , and even poor make-up effects ; but not when it is this boring . This is the story of an archeologist who ignores the warnings of the locals regarding a tomb he blasts open and the models who discover his dig and think it would be an ideal place for a shoot -LRB- every fashion models dream -RRB- . At least when the mummy finally rises -LRB- which takes way too long -RRB- the pace picks up ; alas , not the same for the intelligence of the script . There are of course scenes that are just outright laughable
 Well , it 's been awhile since I 've seen something as bad as Dawn of the Mummy -LRB- 1981 -RRB- ... and as one of my esteemed colleague mentions ` It 's not the best , it 's not the worst ' ... to which I would agree , with a clarification ... it 's a lot closer to ` the worst ' rather than the ` the best ' . I certainly do n't mind cheaply made exploitation films as long as there 's heart involved , but I did n't get a sense of that here . All I got from this film was a sense of someone trying to cash in on the popular genre of the time , and not doing it very well . Produced , written and directed by Frank ` Farouk ' Agrama -LRB- Queen Kong -RRB- , the film stars Brenda King -LRB- SeaQuest DSV -RRB- , Barry Sattels -LRB- Number One with a Bullet -RRB- , and George Peck -LRB- Curse of the Puppet Master -RRB- . Also appearing is John Salvo , Joan Levy -LRB- The Bumblebee Flies Anyway -RRB- , Ellen Faison -LRB- New York Nights -RRB- , and Dianne Beatty -LRB- Hot Heir -RRB- . As the film begins some text is shown on the screen informing the audience the year is 3,000 B.C. and the location is Egypt . We see slaves being abused and the abduction of a young boy , neither of which seems to relate to anything as the next scenes involve some pharaoh being mummified , and thus the obligatory curse is spewed forth ... you know , the one that states anyone who desecrates the tomb will meet with an untimely end . Fast forward to the present day -LRB- must be the 80 's as a number of characters are wearing Jordache jeans , or cheap knock-offs -RRB- ... during which we see some treasure hunters breaking into the tomb . Soon afterwards we see a separate group made up of fashion models and photography crew shooting photos in the desert , they happen upon the newly opened tomb , and decide to use it as a location for their shoot , much to the treasure hunters consternation but since they 're probably there illegally , they really ca n't complain too much . And who the heck sets up a photo shoot in the middle of the desert ? If you were going to bother going all the way to Egypt to shoot pictures , I would think you 'd want to use some popular monuments , but then again , I 'm no expert . Anyway , the mummy comes to life -LRB- along with a bunch of slaves buried with the pharaoh -RRB- , and they begin to wreak havoc on the local population , killing anyone they come across . Now it 's the fashion models vs. the undead ... who will win ? Well , after spending an hour and a half watching the film , I know it wo n't be the audience ... I 'm not going to get into a whole debate on the distinctive differences between zombies and mummies , but in all the films I 've seen featuring the latter of the two , this is the first time I 've seen them actually feasting on the corpses of the recently deceased -LRB- of whom the mummies were the cause of the untimely demise -RRB- . And I have to say , some of these ` mummies ' look pretty well preserved for being dead some 5000 years ... oh , the pharaoh himself looks appropriate -LRB- except for his eyeballs being completely intact and untouched -RRB- , but his minions look much fleshier that I would have expected . And another thing , as the film progresses , we see the ` curse ' is n't just limited to those who violated the sanctity of the tomb , but to all in the area , including a small , nearby town . Perhaps this is n't a big deal , as it allows for much carnage to be enacted later in the film , but since the makers of the film when to a lot of trouble informing us of said curse in the beginning , I thought it odd that it should apply in such a random manner rather than specifically to those who were in the tomb . As far as the film goes , you can see I had some problems with the story itself , but compared to other elements , these points are pretty minor . The aspects that hurt the film the most are the incredibly poor acting and equally shoddy dialog . Halfway through the film I begging for more of the characters to turn into victims ... and when some of them finally started biting the proverbial dust , I let loose a cheer from within ... never was I so pleased to see such annoying characters get what they deserved , which is interesting as generally the intent from the filmmakers standpoint is to draw a sense of empathy from the audience for the characters so we actually care when they are in dire situations . The directing is n't bad -LRB- there are some interesting visuals far and few between -RRB- , but more like passable . There was a sense of continuity and forward movement , but this was hampered by unnecessary and meaningless material -LRB- particularly the numerous obligatory shots of the mummies/zombies crouched over a dead body feeding on fleshy items meant to represent internal organs -RRB- . One aspect in particular I found really annoying was the ineptitude of whoever did the finishing sound work on the film . There was very little sense of perspective and distance between what was happening on the screen and the voices and sound effects . What you end up having is characters in the foreground speaking , and then another in the background who sounds like he/she is right next to the other characters , even though there may be a good deal of distance separating them . I will give credit to whoever did the effects on the main mummy , as they did look pretty good . Also , if you 're looking for visceral thrills , you 'll find some here , if you do n't mind wading through a whole lot of pointless material.The picture quality of the full screen presentation on this DVD looks like it was taken from a mediocre VHS tape . I think I even saw some minor tracking type issues generally inherent slightly worn videotape . As far as the audio , it 's listed on the DVD case as being in Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo , but given the craptacular nature of the original audio , it comes off as so-so . As far as extras , I was surprised to find a director 's commentary track . Also included is a trailer for another Agrama film titled Road Ends -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , but not one for this film.Cookieman108By the way , if you watch the end credits all the way through , count how many Agrama 's are listed ... do you think any of them are related to the director ?
 I usually refrain from leaving an all-out pan of a review , BUT , consider this a warning - I strongly suggest curious horror fans refrain from spending hard-earned money on a dvd of this dreadful bomb . I consider myself pretty open-minded when it comes to low-budget horror films . Often , the limited budget can lend a film a certain gritty , unrehearsed , documentary style , which can work in its favor and help create a believable atmosphere . Sadly , that is nowhere near the case with DAWN OF THE MUMMY . The dialogue is universally cringe-inducing , the acting is abyssmal , the direction and editing is frustratingly sloppy and inept , and the gore is poorly executed or so badly-lit it ca n't be made out . Bad over-acting abounds , and characters tend to stand still and wait for staged attacks to happen . I was truly disappointed , as I 'd read a few reviews referring to this film as `` underappreciated '' . I suggest you avoid it and check out something else instead . Hilariously , the credits on my copy state that the soundtrack is available ! I shudder to think funds were spend pressing THAT sorry collection of `` music '' .
 An attempt to merge mummy movies and living dead zombies . The acting is just awful , with hardly a shred of unchewed scenery by the end . For instance , one of the leading ladies finds a severed head in the desert , and begins to screetch and whoop while running in a circle around the head -LRB- as opposed to running away from it -RRB- until she finally launches herself at one of the guys and slides down his body like a cheap party dress in the back of a shag-carpeted van . In fact , both the story and effects are pretty threadbare . The wacky gang of thieves keeps talking insanely about the gold they are looking for until they finally pull out two or three small gilded thingies from the mummy 's body . The thieves are so thrilled to find three tiny little pieces of gold they whoop , they beat the lid , they dance , they laugh . Oh yeah , they 're in the money now . Why , those three itsy-bitsy pieces of gold might bring as much as $ 50 ! Good times , good times ... The mummy itself is kind of gooey , and does n't seem to eat much flesh , but as legend would have it , when the mummy arises , his buried minions also arise . The minions were not in the tomb however -- they apparently spent the last 3,000 years buried in just 3 inches of sand outside the tomb . Once they sit up , they immediately shamble around like extras from one of the Living Dead movies . Are they mummies ? Zombies ? Mumbies ? Pretty soon , things finally get icky . Classic scenarios abound , like opening the door to the room where a bride is getting ready for her wedding and finding three or four mumbies chowing down on her . Finally , a building burns , a group of bad actors limp away , and a cloth-covered hand rises in the foreground . The end ?
 After a trio of thieves disturb the ancient resting place of Sefaraman , they unwittingly unleash the mummy 's curse upon the land ! ... Or at least upon a group of unlucky fashion models that stumble upon the tomb by mistake . As the title implies , DAWN OF THE MUMMY is a mish-mash of the zombie and mummy movies of the late 70 's and early 80 's , turning the vengeful spirits of the pharaohs into a pack of flesh-eating ghouls . Although utterly ridiculous and genuinely terrible , the film does have its creepy moments . In its most effective scene , the buried mummies reach out from beneath the desert sands and drag their victims to their doom . Most others consist of bad acting mixed with gratuitous gore , but there is plenty of gut-munching and neck-chewing to go around . Ironically , this trashy B-movie was the first mummy picture to actually be filmed in Egypt as part of an American/Arabic production , which at least creates a beautiful backdrop behind the carnage . For the most part , DAWN OF THE MUMMY is a curse upon its viewers.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Ohh god make it stop the mummy will rise and kill as the ugly old woman say in the begening of this movie , sure the mummy rise and kill in the last 10 or 15 min of the movie , this piece of junk is a pure excercise in endurance if this film will be mutch slower it will be a photograh ! nothing happen in this film nothing !! did i said nothing happen ?? if you love this film you must fell asleepand did wake up in the last min of this borefest , no really i got nothing against a soo bad it 's good movie but this movie has nothing please , boring caracters boring plot sure you got some murders that occuring during the film but it move at soo mutch slow pace that there is nothing that make this turd interesting , i wonder why troma did not put out this crap yet ?? the ony cool thing about this film is the other cover art on some other versions , please do not waste you time on this one do n't downloasd it do n't buye it just listening to me here lol ... if you think you where getting riped off when you saw zombie island massacre and oasis of the zombies wait t ` ill you see this one you have been warned . . even at 0.99 cent this a waste of money buye yourself a candy bar instead ...
 This play was overcooked with bad actors and costumes . It was too long . I gave it a three time try and fell asleep each time .
 I was disappointed after watching the DVD . I would have liked to have known that it was an on-stage play instead of the movie I thought that it was . This was not made clear or stated .
 This movie had a lot of bad acting , which was a big distraction . It was not worth purchasing . It was a very slow movie , and took forever to get to the end of the movie .
 I could n't get into this play . I 'm not expecting every Black play to be like Tyler Perry or anything but I did expect it to be at least catchy during the first half . The jokes were corny and I did n't like the acting .
 What a great plot . Woohoo . Latifah gets fired by her wannabe-bad-boss from the beauty shop she was the bomb at , and then decides to open up her own beauty shop.And she has to go through so much hassle . I mean , her husband died and she ca n't make ends meet . Also , she has to prove that she can DO it.And then there 's Alicia Sliverstone making a big scene about being white . This is 2005 . Why do they make such a big deal about colors . In 1996 this movie might have been , erm , outrageous . Not.And all the lines were so old . You know what they 're gon na say before they 've said it . And if you do n't , you KNOW you 've heard them before . Probably in another Latifah movie.It 's not worth it . I 've laughed more when cars have parked outside my house . And I do n't really laugh at that .
 I 'm appauled at the person who approved this screenplay . He probably thought they could capitalize off the success of Barbershop.I did n't laugh at anyone really . I thought Alicia Silverstone was awful . She was n't her usual jovial self . Queen Latifah 's role as the strong black woman who thinks white people are crazy is getting old . The rest of the cast seemed to try to parallel Barbershop 's cast . I saw one woman trying to be the old wise person -LRB- Cedric the Entertainer -RRB- , but she could n't pull it off because she just came off as ignorant and annoying . For the most part , the hair masters did their best to live up to the stereotypes we all have in our minds . It was n't outrageous.Skip this movie .
 I was expecting this movie to be like Barber Shop . Boy , I was wrong ! I did n't even enjoy the movie and told a friend of mine to think twice about going to see it . The movie is so sexist that it 's not even funny . The men , especially Black men , were portrayed negatively througout the movie . There was not one single decent Black man . Not ONE . They were shown as liars , control freaks , cheaters , ex-cons , down lows , sissies , abusers , as well as disrespectful . Outside of the barber shop there was always this same group of thuggish Black men chilling on the sidewalk day in and day out . Did n't any of them have jobs ? Gina 's love interest , Joe , was n't even portrayed in a positive light . Yeah , he was buff and into the arts and stuff , but he was effiminate , too much of a softy . The women , on the other hand , were shown too much as being strong , desirable , industrious , independent achievers . Yeah , sure.And you ca n't forget the racism . Lynn -LRB- the white stylist -RRB- gets no love or respect from the black hair stylists . Why ? Simply because she 's being herself . To get them to respect her , she has to style her hair in those hideous extraterrestrial weave styles , twist her neck , finger snap , and be sassy . Nonsense like this happens all the time among younger Blacks . . If you want to prove how Black you are , all you got ta do is speak in slang all the time , listen to rap/hip-hop , wear cornrows , wear your pants hanging off your butt if your a guy , prance around half-naked and shake your behind if you 're a woman , and blame the White man for everything . I 'll pass on that , thank you very much.Anyway , this movie reeked and it was worse than `` Waiting to Exhale . '' It 's full of nonsense , too predictable , and it puts bad ideas into women 's heads . I ca n't support Black movies if they 're going to be dumb like `` Beauty Shop . '' The only message this movie gives is that good things always happen and all of your problems will be solved -- if you 're in Hollywood .
 -LRB- The title of my review -LRB- minus the stuff in parenthesis -RRB- is something I heard on a nickelodeon show called Rocket Power -RRB- Anyway , the only things I liked about this movie were the black women -LRB- and the white women trying to fit in -RRB- and the jokes about Queen Latifa 's butt . -LRB- Also it had a person from a show I like called Faerie Tale Theatre , but i did n't know which character it was . -RRB- It was boring and I did n't understand alot of it . Only take teenagers to this movie .
 Where 's Triumph the Insult Comic Dog to plead , `` KILL ME NOW ! ''
 If it were n't for Queen , this would have been a `` 0 '' rating . The movie was boring , but picked up a tiny bit after about 45 minutes . I was shocked at Kevin Bacon 's character . He 's such a good actor , that I was embarrassed for him.The inappropriate sexual and racial comments were offensive . I wonder if the tables were turned and all the beauty shop employees were White with one Black woman , if someone would seek a lawsuit or pickett the movie theaters ??? Ridiculous.I purchased this DVD for one of my older children for Christmas , but they 're not getting it ! I 'm returning it for a refund if I can !
 The raison d'etre for this movie must have been to give fans of the Kevin Bacon game an easy way to connect actors . Why else would so many name actors appear in this formulaic fluff ? It is not as bad as Barbershop but not much better.Watchable if you have absolutely nothing else to do . Or for the very amusing performance of KB as Jorge .
 I thought I would be nice and rent this movie for my girlfriend who happens to a hair dresser . We made it twenty minutes into this horror before she insisted we turn it off , which was fine with me because at the five minute mark I was preferring the eternal lake of fire to this absolute drivel.If there was humor in the movie it must be subliminal . I highly recommend this movie to twelve year old and under girls who love the whole ghetto craze that is now popular . Also to the brain dead who would laugh at anything .
 Many link the word conflict with war , but it can also be an opposing action or idea of an individual . The moment of conflict creates a new and unfamiliar situation , which either is subtle , obvious , or somewhere in between when it creates a change . For a storyteller , it is necessary to incorporate a conflict of some sort , as it awakens drama , thoughts , and direction for the story . When conflict is missing , the story looses its appeal and the audience easily lets their attention drift into a new direction . On occasion , a presented conflict follows a formulaic theme , which leaves the audience hanging without a clear narrative.Gina Norris -LRB- Queen Latifah -RRB- has relocated to Atlanta , Georgia , with her daughter Vanessa -LRB- Paige Hurd -RRB- after she has recently lost her husband . With the help of her mother-in-law , Gina works at an upscale hair salon owned by Jorge -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- , while she has someone at home for Vanessa . However , Jorge is a difficult boss and Gina decides to take her hair styling skills elsewhere . At this moment the film becomes interesting , as it combines light humor with an interesting conflict . Nonetheless , the conflict evaporates through the depiction of the story , as the potential struggle disappears through a push on the easy button.Several difficult situations emerge , but each time director Bille Woodruff erases Gina 's predicament with another scene that solves the problem . There is never any true problem in the story , as it gets solved as soon as it is presented . Not that Gina deserves trouble , as she must have had a difficult time loosing her husband . However , some form of lasting conflict would make the story a little more interesting . For example , when Gina has electrical problems the electrician lives upstairs , when she is going through a tough time it does not feel problematic , and when she is short of money she still wears a Tiffany necklace.The film is extremely upbeat and positive , which definitely has something to do with Queen Latifah 's character Gina . Gina never sees the glass as half empty , as she always see the potential in bad hair and talent . She is a true trooper , leader , and entrepreneur that will walk over mountains and swim oceans before giving up . This is where the film 's strength rests , unfortunately the director does not portray a problem for Gina that would illustrate her ability to lead and conquer her troubles . This is why the film turns into an uninteresting experience , as the conflict presented is not great enough for a forceful character such as Gina.It is essential for the storyteller to present conflict that displays some form of struggle whether it is cerebral , physical , psychological , or social struggle . Beauty Shop presents the notion of a conflict , but it is without struggle , as everything magically falls into place . One of the positives in the film is the terrific cast , which includes talents such as Queen Latifah , Djimon Hounsou , Kevin Bacon , Alfre Woodard , Andie MacDowell , and Alicia Silverstone . The film also has warm and welcoming cinematography that frames the flawless mise-en-scene -LRB- maybe to flawless -RRB- . Combined , the many aspects of filmmaking produce a below par film , which disappoints rather than surprises .
 Oh , dear . How I WANTED to like this movie !!! What a cast
 What is the deal with the black women in this movie being so cool and the one white woman being an idiot ? If there was a movie like this with all white women and one black woman as an idiot then everyone would scream RACISM !
 A friend of mine loaned me this movie and to be honest , it has made me question his character . The preceding rave reviews of how great this movie is proves unequivocally that Black people are always going to be on the bottom in America . Our minds are not right . This movie is silly , mindless , poorly written and filled with even more Black caricatures . There is a faction of Blacks working against the mental advancement of the group and they are doing a hell of a job .
 Wait for the DVD ; this is OK . It 's not good , but it 's not horrible . Queen Latifah is great , but even she ca n't carry this predictable fare .
 Let 's get one thing out of the way right off the bat . I 'm not African-American , nor am I a woman . So , already , I 'm off to a bad start . However , I am the guy that liked BARBERSHOP 2 and DOWN WITH LOVE , so demographics do n't mean much . BEAUTY SHOP is the spin-off from the BARBERSHOP series . Gina has packed up and moved out of the BARBERSHOP neighborhood to allow her daughter the opportunity to attend a prestigious music school . However , Gina soon discovers that her new boss , Kevin Bacon with an over-the-top accent , is too much to deal with , so she buys her own beauty shop and the movie officially begins . The film attempts to be a female version of BARBERSHOP with jokes now told from a woman 's point of view . Here 's where the audience and I parted ways . The audience laughed even when there did n't appear to have been a joke told . There were , from time to time , some hefty laughs from a couple well placed cameos , but for our leading lady , Queen Latifah felt out-of-place . Her track record proves she has the talent , but this film failed to showcase them . That said , the audience loved it . Well , most of it , anyway . The female teenager a few seats over appeared to be ready to walk out a half hour before it was over . And finally , the film could n't be more formulaic . Not only do you know who is going to end up doing what , but the scenes play out almost entirely like you would predict . Since the film lacked entertainment value for me , a visit from Cedric the Entertainer would have been warmly welcomed .
 This `` movie '' gave me headache . So predictable and formula-matic . Queen Latifa has so much talent I hope she gets better scripts . My kingdom for a good movie !
 Definitely a split decision with the wife , who loved it ... I 'm not sure what it was that turned my stomach -- the crude -LRB- and constant -RRB- sexual commentary , the racial stereotypes and overt racism , the preoccupation with rear ends , the lame acting or the predictable and formulaic script and character development . Maybe it was just a bad batch of popcorn . Whatever it was , by the time I left the theater I had literally lost my appetite.The best that can be said of this unintentional disaster movie is that Queen Latifah kept her dignity in the rubble .
 Apparently , the moniker does n't fit everything in the movie , otherwise the movie would n't feel so unattractive in a sense . I heard this was supposed to be a movie spinoff of Barbershop . Turns out the movie is more of a terrible take on being a prologue to Barbershop 2 , really . Queen Latifah has been through some nice roles , but as soon as she stopped doing feminist rap , she has been denounced back into ghetto black woman , as with all of us . Therefore , making the movie a bit bland , done before , and becoming nothing more than art imitating life imitating art imitating wonder . As a matter of fact , calling this art would really be an insult . It 's us looking through the mirror out of the window . There are never any middle for the movie . The movie is supposed to be Gina cutting herself off from a narcissistic wreck of a hairstylist Jorge , after Jorge kept on saying that he owns Gina , so to speak . After that , there was no compromising , she busts out the stereotype and shows what you do when you pish off a modern black woman.As soon as she gets a loan to open up her shop , she ends up building the beauty shop with the examples of the stereotypical women . And this is where it kicks in
 Even with a really great cast , Beauty Shop fails to deliver . It 's not funny at all . I was expecting more coming from so many big names .
 Transfer is OK , although colors are a little ` washed out ' -LRB- maybe a conscious decision by the director . -RRB- English audio dub is a real hack job , with horrible lip sinc and dialogue that was definitely ` lost in translation ' . Even with the horrible dialogue , the film has some very good action sequences and some pretty good acting . Definitely rent this one unless you are a combat junkie and speak fluent Russian , then it might be a buy .
 I purchased this movie on seeing the previews ! It looked really good a great war movie ! I was very wrong ! The movie I knew was in Russian and that is fine , I like foreign films . However the acting was poor , more comic than depicting anything realistic . The movie was boring taking almost the full hour before anything significant happened . Even then it was just stupid , a plane taking off gets hit by a mujahadine surface to air missile and then returns to its landing strip only to run into petrol drumms that lined the airstrip ! I mean really how lame . The fight sequence was poor , just all unrealistic situations . You can watch this once I guess , but then forget the 2 hours of your life you just wasted . If you want to see a better Afghanistan film from a Russian view point get ` The Beast of War ' its older ... but much better !
 After reading the reviews , I thought I 'd take a chance with this movie . After about 8 minutes , I turned it off .9 th Company is rated R , but so isBeneath Hill 60 . Yet both of these movies could n't be more different with respect to language.The R rating is for strong bloody warfare , pervasive language , some sexuality/nudity , and drug use . Not family friendly at all . During the first 8 minutes , you 'll notice the language right away ; from that point , I knew it was all downhill.There are quality war/military movies out there , but this is not one of them.To see some of my favorite military/war DVDs , click on my name , then click on `` Listmania ! Lists '' .
 This film is not based on real events , it 's based on Bondarchuck Jr 's impressions of what was real . Significant portion of movie budget was spent on advertising and TV buzz , without which this movie would be a financial disaster . As a result , the movie is not well appreciated in Russia.Many scenes in the movie are objectionable , and have little relation to how it was in real 9th company story . Several survivors from that battle were really disappointed and refused to acknowledge movie similarity to real events.The main issue is that they knew that they were not forgotten , and help was on it 's way , and the fierce fight was not futile . Every other lie in the film is simply eclipsed by this fact.You should know this when watching ` The 9th Company ' .
 film made with good intentions but is very poorly put together . Very choppy dialouge synching in english , subtitles hard to follow . Acting was at best mediocre . This DVD is better rented than puchased .
 This movie is great , it really is but unless you REALLY need to here english and do n't like to read , get the subtitled version . The english voice acting makes this movie extremely difficult to watch . Imagine trying to watch Full Metal Jacket in Vietnamese ...
 I just rented this movie last night and I was very disappoint . The pacing was very slow , it took more than an hour for the main characters to finally make into Afghanistan . Unlike Full Metal Jacket , however , there was n't a whole lot of character developing , just a bunch of random events . There were couple of good moments but it was n't enough to overcome the bad . People who think the battle scenes are realistic needs to watch more modern war films like Band of Brothers and Flags of our fathers . The battle scenes felt very amateurish , the Mujaheddins attack at walking pace like they are strolling at the park , and the characters likes to shoot wildly in the open without cover and bunch up together . I was going to add this to my collection but I think I 'll skip it .
 This movie is absolute garbage . I just finished it and am pissed I spent money on it for the Blu-Ray version , when I would have been mad I spend a dollar on it at redbox . I have never studied Russian military history but am sure that they are more disciplined than the `` soldiers '' portrayed in the movie . It makes me think that if we went to war with the Soviet Union we would n't have had that hard of a time . I think that this movie is similar to `` The Hurt Locker '' -LRB- worst `` war '' movie ever -RRB- in that someone -LRB- who must have never served in the military -RRB- tries to portray to the general public what war is about and goes on searching for a deeper meaning to war and does n't ever come close to finding it . I know that this movie and The Hurt Locker are movies , but the technical inaccuracies in them are absolutely terrible . You may enjoy it if you have never been in the military , however if you have ever served I am telling you that you will be disappointed .
 I wish to firstly say that I am a huge fan of war films of just about all makes and styles , even if they take extreme liberties with the actual events that transpired . And I am one who actually does enjoy some foreign films , though personally I will live with subtitles over dubbing , especially if you throw in some of the god-awful dubbers out there . Now that that bunch of crap is out of the way , this movie is the worst war movie I have seen since The Thin Red Line.To call this movie unoriginal is being very nice to this Russian rip-off . Did you like Full Metal Jacket , Platoon , or any other war films in the past 100 years ? Then you will love this if you like those movies done on a smaller budget with a lot less capable actors . I would n't harp on this being a complete and utter hack in terms of stealing from other movies -LRB- Good lord knows I like some good old exploitation from time to time -RRB- but this movie is completely unashamed with how much it steals from other movies . Like there is the whole drill sergeant who does his best Gunnery Sergeant Hartman impersonation , and of course there is the bunch of soldiers who hate him for no reason except he is tough , and that just sticks in my craw . No , I have not went through boot camp , but still , the man does not do anything except be a little bit tough , and truly that gives no reason to be angered at him for everything it seems . And then there is the few , note really few , action scenes that exist solely at the end of the movie feel totally unrehearsed thanks to the fact that there is no one seemingly being shot , killed wounded or anything . Seriously , there are lines of men charging head long into gunfire , no one seemingly getting hurt in any real way . This movie really is annoying with that , and no saying it was on a low budget should excuse it or anything like that is ludicrous because if you take a movie say like Godzilla
 I tried to play this on two of my DVD players , plus two of my computers , plus I took it to work and several of my co-workers tried to play it AND NO ONE COULD ! So much for Amazon quality control -LRB- or who-ever is responsible for selling this piece of garbage -RRB- . We used it for a frizbee until it broke .
 One of the worst movies ever made . The dubbing in English makes this almost a comedy . No plot , actors are horrible as is everything about the film . The highest grossing movie in Soviet history?You 've got to be kidding . Filmed in 2005 , released in 2010 . Whats up?Don ' t waste the dollar at redbox !
 This is the worst movie I have watched in years ... Amazon . com should not sell this type of trash . .9 th Company should have been left over sea where it was made
 I have about 4000 DVDs and have seen bad transfers in my life . This DVD is one of the worst . The color is washed away , it is fogy and it is in 1.33:1 but should be in 2.35:1 . I just started to watch the film and do n't know if I will watch any more . So if you care for picture quality -LRB- like I do -RRB- then stay away from this DVD . I 'm writing this short review because I wish someone had warned me about the transfer before I bought it .
 I do n't do many reviews but I have to put in my 2c on this item so here I go , the quality is soo poor its un-watchable . I 've seen clips of this movie on youtube that sparked my interest but these dvds that come from SINISTERCINEMA are of the Worst quality and almost killed my interest until I learned that the original films -LRB- the tiger of eschnapur + the indian tomb -RRB- were remastered into `` Fritz Langs INDIAN EPIC '' . Google it and you will find it , its out of print but you can order it or find it on ebay as I did.Again a good movie from 1959 that you should have in your collection but not this one.Oh yes I forgot to mention that this dvd `` the journey to the lost city '' has almost all of dance seens cut out .
 The Video is not clear , and some part of the show is missing . I have this movie many years ago on video . Disappointed in this purchase .
 This was the worst movied I have ever purchased . I have thrown it away . The quality was worse then vhs . The sound was terrible , the picture was terrible even on a hd tv . Save your money .
 This product was not as advertised . It was advertised as between &#34; very good &#34; and ` like new ' , and in &#34; excellent &#34; category.There was some picture static through out tape which tracking did not fix , and some sound static at beginning and end.The tape was not even re-wound , it was stopped in middle of tape . I did watch it twice , and then donated it to the thrift store.I will purchase a better tape for my collection elsewhere , but will not deal with &#34; Movie Basket &#34; again .
 This tape is more of a demonstration rather than a teaching program . The music used is rather complicated and the steps are combined into routines rather quickly . If you are quick on your feet and have had exposure to Celtic dance than this tape is for you .
 While I was bored to tears watching the video my grandaughter -LRB- 10 -RRB- seems to enjoy dancing along to it . Most of the lessons are for adults and complicated but she does seem to have fun .
 I bought this DVD because of all the celtic dancing DVD reviews I read , this one seemed to be the most accessible . If so , then maybe I 'm not cut out for celtic dance . The instruction given seems to be aimed at people who already know how to dance . It 's brief , done only once , covers 8-9 moves at a time , and when Dunne lets you try it out , the music is at full tempo . This is pretty frustrating and not made more helpful by his frequent use of `` this very simple step ... '' `` the most basic move ... `` It 's a fun DVD , and he 's a great dancer . And I 'll probably try it again . But if you 're looking for an easy ` in ' to Celtic Dance , as I was , I 'd look somewhere else .
 If you want to learn the basics of Irish dance , this is not a good choice . Colin is an extremely gifted dancer and his moves are impressive . However , he flies through the steps far too quickly and you will find yourself hitting rewind over and over and OVER to pick up a step.If you are already familiar with all the basic steps , this could be a good tape to practice along with and enhance what you 've learned elsewhere.Incidentally , the quality of the video is n't great - the lighting is poor and it seems more like a home video than a professional recording .
 I own Celtic Feet . Colin is a very attractive man and a very good dancer . But his instructions are for people who already have experience . He shows you a step slowly , explains it once and then his and his background dancers ' feet are a blur of too fast to follow motion . This is not a beginners tape by any means , despite what he says . If you have already studies the dance and are just refreshing yourself , then it is nice . Otherwise , I 'd just watch the tape to see what I should look like when after have I already learned .
 This video is very hard to follow and is much to fast-paced . They assume a working knowledge of dance which I certainly do n't have!And I know this is very sophmoric of me , but everytime I think of the fact that it 's by Weinerworld Productions ... I go off into gales of laughter ! She said weiner ... hunh , hunh.But Colin Dunn and everyone in the video are undoubtedly very gifted dancers !
 This DVD is NOT for beginners !!! Collin moves way to fast for anyonewho is just learning to catch on to anything ! I would suggestwatching youtube if you want to learn how to do Irish dancingit is easier that way and a lot easier to follow !!! I gave this item one star because you have to give it something .
 Colin Dunne is obviously on top of his game as a dancer , but is lacking in instructional techniques . He just progresses much , much too quickly . Definitely not for beginners .
 I have had this video for years . I only did it for six months . The moves are hard to learn , and if you do n't have the proper shoes and the proper floor to practice on , you WILL injure yourself ! I got pretty good at the moves but the stomping resulted in Achilles ' tendonitis for me , which I still suffer from . If you truly want to learn Irish dancing , take a class from an instructor in a proper setting . Do n't risk injury with this video .
 As a beginning celtic dancer I did not find this DVD to be helpful . I thought he was hard to follow and he does n't call out the steps consistently . I do n't recommend this for beginners .
 The steps on this tape move along so fast , it was frequently very difficult to keep up . It needs to explain things better and more clearly . Definately not for beginners or for people with two left feet . I 'll pass .
 As i stated in the title this film is terrible not that its a cheap nockoff of the great scifi film aliens which is definatly a minus in anyones book , but also the fact that it features the singal most disturbling scene i have ever witnessed in a film and it has cause serious problems for me in my life . Im refering to the horrible scene where the female lead is torn form the elevator and has her arm brutally torn of with blood shooting everywhere and then is disembowled spewing guts everywhere and the camera shows every second of this would be snuff-film scene to top this off i was only 7 when i saw it and it was on thanksgiving so naturally my appetite was lost that day as a result , and everytime i closed my eyes the scene keep playing itself back giving me a vomiting sensation its taken many years to finally remove this scene from my subconsience and have a decent nights sleep but my heart really goes out to Arabella Holzbog who had to endure this horrible scene and has probably had mental damage form it to so please do not ever watch this film its absoulte trash and distgusting watch jurassic park instead
 You would n't think , given how offensively awful the first film was , that anyone would bother with a sequel . You , however , are not Roger Corman . He along with Director Louis Morneau have surprisingly managed to pull off a fairly decent follow-up . It benefits from tighter pacing , an entertaining story that borrows heavily from `` Aliens '' , and slightly improved special effects . Even without the generously gory carnage the movie offers , I would still recommend it for the fun back and forth between actors John Savage and Cliff DeYoung . Their dialogue , alone , is nothing short of priceless and adds to the reason why I 've given this movie an additional star.All in all , a pleasant surprise .
 I am downright proud to announce that the DVD I watched contained only `` Carnosaur 2 , '' not both films as advertised here . While I am positive such a double feature disc exists , I am in no way thrilled at the prospect of watching it . Believe me when I say that spending roughly eighty-three minutes with this Roger Corman schlockfest does n't inspire me to run out and watch any of the other pictures in what surely must rank as one of the master of the B-movie 's most inane franchises . I 'll invoke my theory of cinematic unintended consequences once again -LRB- a theory recently formulated and not fully mapped out as of yet -RRB- in order to place the blame for the Carnosaur series on Steven Spielberg . It 's a fact that low budget film hacks watch the box office take of any given A-list blockbuster so as to churn out a cheap knockoff in an effort to cash in on public interest . Why blame them ? It 's the American way to turn a quick buck . We ought to blame the people responsible for the success of the original idea -- in this case , Spielberg and his `` Jurassic Park . '' If Stevie had n't made a film about dinosaurs run amok , we would n't have to suffer through the unintended consequence that is the Carnosaur series.Having not seen the original Carnosaur film , I ca n't say whether the sequel picks up where the first left off . It does n't seem like it does , though . What we get here is a government operation called Yucca Mountain located in , predictably enough , Yucca Flats . On the surface , the installation employs a bunch of civilians to house uranium waste from the nation 's nuclear weapons programs . Where do the dinosaurs , specifically carnosaurs , come into the picture ? If you 've spent any time watching science fiction films made in the last thirty years , the answer should be more than apparent
 not as good as i thought it would be.Not very good effects , same as the first.It did have a different storyline and better ending than the first.Only if you liked the first !!
 I was wondering if anybody else saw the mistake on the box . on the side and back of the box , there is a picture from the movie , of a T-Rex picking up a woman in its jaws ... but that scene is nowhere to be found in the movie ! whats the deal ? now my review , it was better than the first by far ! the first was a good movie , but i didnt like the ending . it was senseless and didnt apply at all .
 I usually like these low budget movies , but this one was just way too dumb . There 's some problem at what we 're originally told is a uranium mine , so a group of ... I do n't even know what they are - are called in to investigate . It 's with these characters that the movie really lost all hope of being good . These folks all act like obnoxious teenagers , choosing to complain and whine loudly instead of trying to solve the problem . The dialogue does n't make any sense ; someone tells them something they do n't want to hear and they say things like `` You 're sick !!! '' I mean , that 's not even a plauable reaction to have . I found myself wishing that when the characters were walking down a hallway , perhaps the writer and director would have actually engaged in the activity of walking down a hallway themselves , so as to come up with some idea of what people might actually say and do when walking down a hallway , instead of all this ridiculous stuff they 've got these characters saying and doing.Overall , this movie just took way too many liberties with my intelligence . Like , toss a hand grenade at a carnosaur that 's five feet away , and it blows the dino to bits but does n't injure the person who threw it . Who is still standing five feet away . Or the guy who falls three stories onto a bed of steel pipes , and then complains he broke a rib -LRB- would n't he have probably broken his spine , considering he landed on his back ? -RRB- , and then within a couple of minutes he 's not injured at all . Or the dinosaur that breaks through a steel door that looks to be three inches thick . What , they have a three inch thick steel door and then put a latch on it like you 'd use for the screen door on your porch ? Or the entire ending of the film , which follows the ending of Aliens except on 1/1 ,000 th the budget . After seeing it , if you think about it for even two seconds , you 'll realize it made no sense whatsoever .
 So much for relying on the stars rateing system . I paid $ .79 and it was worth every penny but I got ripped off for the dimes , nickels and quarters . The plot of the evil top secret government instalation is so old that if I had known that was what it was I would n't have paid even that much for it . If you like that kind of thing get Resident Evil it 's much grosser and equally plotless .
 very happy that i received my box set so fast . but was extremely disappointed that multiple disk holders were broken and one of the DVDs skips due to scratches .
 After being disappointed with the first release , I was hesitant to buy the second . I bought it when I found it for half price and generally found it to be a slight improvement . So , I thought I 'd give the season 2 release a try . If anything , it is a real step backward . The quality of the discs has not improved . The set contains 25 , 20 minute shows , two of which are a `` best ofs '' , so it still does not give a lot of show for the price . The scenes are , for the most part censored , and while there are some funny bits including the Man Show Boy there is also a lot of filler , heavy on the monkey bar and Karl Malone . The `` extras '' are basically nonexistent . As far as I 'm concerned , they need not release season 3 - I wo n't buy another .
 I 'm holding off on buying any of the Man Show seasons on DVD until they release an `` Uncensored '' version . I mean , this is a very funny show , but not really worthy of buying . Now , if they were to release an `` Uncensored '' version , they 'd sell about 10 million more copies . That was the only thing that bugged me when I watched it on cable . Sure , it was funny , but because it was on basic cable , I got stuck watching countless shots of blurry cleavage as the women flashed the camera , or walked around naked.If this is truly a `` Man 's Show '' , it would be uncensored . Maybe women enjoy the `` fantasy of what you DO N'T see '' , but men , we like it all right there in front of us . There 's no need for `` mystery '' . Just a tip for the producers of the DVD . Give us more than we can get on regular TV -LRB- naked Juggies , etc. -RRB- and you 'll make millions .
 In CARNOSAUR 3 , Jonathan Winfrey resurrects the same plot mechanisms and rubbery special effects that marked the first two in the series . Unfortunately , since the plot and special effects of CARNOSAUR and CARNOSAUR 2 were laughably bad , in this third go round , nothing of note has been added , with the possible exception of two good looking females who interact romantically with their male counterparts at the drop of a hat.There is no real connection story wise with either of the first two so the opening scene of a terrorist hijacking gone awry is only to give the carnosaurs -LRB- actually a trio of Velociraptors and a T-Rex , all of whom for some reason cooperate rather than turn on each other -RRB- their cue to go on a rampage . And on a nonstop rampage it is , much to the consternation of an anti-terrorist SWAT team who quickly find out that the carnosaurs ' reptillian skin is every bit as bullet proof as their own body armor . The killing starts in a warehouse , and then inexplicably shifts to a sea freighter . The climax races toward who will kill whom first . The plot holes are big enough for well , a T-Rex to walk through . Ever since Robert Cornthwaite as the mad pacifist scientist from THE THING -LRB- 1952 -RRB- shouted that the military has no right to kill an alien species that plainly seeks to kill as many humans as it can , Hollywood has continued to insert such an off the top character . Here , it is Janet Gunn , the lovely blonde who exhorts the military to find a non-lethal way to subdue the creatures . I could almost see a political subtext operating with Gunn taking the leftist attitude that the military must discover what the good guys have done to warrant being chomped on by flesh eaters who deserve our understanding more than our enmity . Films like this one are not to be taken seriously . We see them . We are shocked by a few scenes of heads being ripped off . We laugh at a few incongruous romantic pairings . And then it is over . Thankfully .
 They do n't get worst than this . Laugable acting -LRB- if you want to call it ` acting ' -RRB- , no plot or suspense , and the special effects are cheezy . Stay away . Stay far , far away .
 i really like this movie , though i ca n't say it 's perfect . but i think they did a pretty good job , luckily i watched this on the SCI FI channel , and boy was it worth sitting down for 2 hours , and there is even a carnosaur 4 , or `` raptor '' i own it . but i especially liked the rubbery plastic dinosaurs , i loved the t rex and i also loved seeing the plastic monster munching on people . all in all i gave his flick a 2 of 5 it 's not perfect but it 's pretty good . my advise , watch it .
 This may be Scott Valentine 's best dramatic performance yet . And it 's a darn shame . Ouch.So you take some marines and other military guys , ala Commando or Predator , add the spitfire Hispanic girl -LRB- who , of course , dies -RRB- ala Aliens and Resident Evil . Stir in two scoops of Raptors , ala Jurassic Park . Blend one scene of shooting up the monsters eggs -LRB- Aliens again -RRB- . Add a dollop of Jaws , by pushing a bomb or air tank into the montster 's mouth , for explosive effect . Churn in 20,000 gallons of bad acting and cliche plot . The perfect recipe for a Bad Movie!They should pay YOU to watch this film . But it would never be enough .
 I do n't know why so many people gave these movies 5 stars , but you will be disapointed if you spend your money on these movies . They are almost unwatchably bad . Go to IMBD and check out the larger body of reviews .
 These movies are definently low budget films . It 's not that I think the movies are all that bad but they could have been a lot better if 1 they had better acting and 2 there was a better budget for affects and so forth . I recomend you get Jurassic Park if you want a really good movie .
 If you love moronic horror , your certain to love this set.I saw Carnosaur in grade school and thought it was n't scary but , i thought it was a very fun movie . The first movie actually tries to have a plot and attempts to be scary to some avail.The score is superbly disturbing and the acting is good . The special effects are terrible in the best possible way . Roger Corman did a good job on this one with a tiny sum of money . Numero dos is more in the vein of the common junk of the ninties -LRB- like pumpkinhead 2 and Leprechaun 2 -RRB- . The special effects are far better but even that is not too great . The original score is gone and the movie lacks any chance of being a good movie . Number three is the exact same as the second only with a few tiny twists . You may notice one of the actors -LRB- who died -RRB- from number two returns in number three , yes , that was a budget call . If you love stupid horror , once again this is for you . It does make a nice break after all ...
 If this is your first time experiencing the wonders of cinema , ifyou 've never seen a `` Moving Picture '' before , you 'll think this movie isa child of the gods . BUT if you 've seen a movie , a TV show , even Barneythe Dinosaur , then you wo n't be very impressed by this film . HeckBarney the dinosaur was even more realistic than the dinos in thisflick.Now I like B movies . I just watched `` The Giant Gila Monster '' rightbefore I watched this swill , and I liked that movie much better . Itworks as a B movie . It has lamer dialog , hokier acting , cheesier effectsand an honest to gosh real Gila Monster as the monster ! Carno 3 justdoes n't pack much of a B movie punch . It has some gore , and thatPolchek guy comes close to being funny a few times but this movie isunderwhelming , almost ... flaccid . It 's the Little Engine That Could n'tof Dinosaur movies.I 'm not saying you should n't watch the movie . Some people can watch gum drying on a sidewalk and feel entertained . If you 're one of those people , then give this movie a shot .
 I bought this movie for one reason and one reason only
 Scott Valentine can be a good actor if he wanted to but it just was n't his time . If you could notice that the dinosaurs were made out of cheap plastic and FOAM ! You could put your finger through those damn dinosaurs ! My rating :
 Dont waste your time on this one . The special effects are laughable , the cheesy commandos make Arnold Swartzonager look like a theatrical genious , and the plot-line is anything but the least bit complex . Very little suspense + horrible script + amateur effects = probably the worst dinasaur-related horror movie I 've ever layed eyes on . Its really that simple . Do n't buy it , do n't rent it ... just move on to the next movie .
 The last of the Canosaur series is a pretty big letdown if you ask me.The acting is horrid , the dinosaur scenes are weak , and the lines and `` quotes '' are lame.Add to that , there is more death and gore than Carnosaur 2 , and is nothing like a horror film .
 A Group Of Anti-terrorist forces are sent to eliminate some escaped flesh-eating carnosaurs in this predictable entry . features dumb dialogue , laughable acting but fans will sure enjoy this .
 As you can see by the shear quality of the cover of the video , you can see that as soon as you open it your in for a treat . After seeing the film my rib rage was in pain and I was crying with laughter . I am immpressed how far a buget of 200 can hire such good quality dinosaur suits , shame about the actors inside them . DO N'T buy this movie if you want a horror film DO buy this movie if you want to wet yourself with laughter .
 Terrorists -LRB- dressed in badguy black -RRB- kill an army brigade in order to steal a truck full of uranium . Oopsy ! The truck is full of deadly carnosaurs instead ! The terrorists make a lovely snack for 3 mega-reptiles on the go . Soon , a strike force is sent in to clean up the mess , only to become fast-food themselves . Many heads , arms , and other body parts are yanked off in stringy fashion . The dino-marauders are shot w / thousands of rounds , but are able to regenerate ! This proves cost effective , as they just keep returning from their bloody ends . The final , explosive throwdown takes place on a huge freighter at sea . Ridiculous , but -LRB- barely -RRB- endurable ...
 Dont waste your time on this one . The special effects are laughable , the cheesy commandos make Arnold Swartzonager look like a theatrical genious , and the plot-line is anything but the least bit complex . Very little suspense + horrible script + amateur effects = probably the worst dinasaur-related horror movie I 've ever layed eyes on . Its really that simple . Do n't buy it , do n't rent it ... just move on to the next movie .
 The movie was a disc that could only be played on European VCR 's . I have bought several movies from overseas vendors and have never had this problem before.Very dissappointed !
 You should let people know that Region 2 is not able to be viewed in the United States . The movie is useless to me , because it wo n't play . I was really looking forward to seeing this film from my childhood , but was very disappointed . Nowhere was it stated what Region 2 meant . Very frustrating .
 I currently purchased the above D.V.D. only to find that it has a ` region 1 ' rating and my D.V.D. player has a ` region 4 ' rating which simply means that I am unable to play the D.V.D. in question .
 I was very disappointed to find out that the movie WILL NOT play in the United States and is formatted to work only in Asia :-LRB- So we are unable to watch it all
 I was excited to see Hot in Cleveland . But I still did not click with all the actors and especially their character.Actress Valerie Bertinelli is not really funny and I dont even think she fits for that sitcom . I love the other three , but still I dont like this sitcom.I have bought Season 1 and 2 in hoping it will be another great funny sitcom ... Well.I dont find the stories amusing.I hope to get rid of both dvds . Maybe someone else loves to watch it .
 To be honest it was just an okay movie . However I really feel that the younger generation would enjoy it more . Early teens till about 18 Years of age . Honestly the only reason why I bought it was because Muse Watson Was Starring in it . Like I said good gift for a teenager .
 I picked this one up because it clearly stated on the outer packaging and on the inside slim case that the version of I Know What You Did Last Summer included was the exclusive ` Special Edition ' with `` Director 's short film ` Joyride ' with optional commentary , exclusive new documentary , music video ` Hush ' performed by Kula Shaker , etc. '' Well , guess what , it is n't . The disc is the original released one sans the pan and scan version on the flip side , what a ripoff .
 These movies are just horrible . I do n't understand how everyone knows about them and how I did n't know they were complete trash .
 As previously mentioned
 I hate it when studios release DVDs w / features that are n't even on the discs . Albeit , I was interested in the bonus features `` supposedly '' on the first DVD , and disappointed , I never owned the original DVDs so this is okay . Yeah , I was pissed because I wanted the features but , oh well , can we sue the studios ? I honestly do n't know . But for the price I paid for these DVDs -LRB- 13 dollars -RRB- I 'll deal , just like J.Lo Hewitt does in that video on disc 2 .
 Thanks a lot for ripping me off Columbia Pictures ! WARNING ! If it 's special features that you want as stated , than do n't buy this set , there is none ? Someone lied ! Amazon.com , you need to stop the sale on this DVD set !
 Even though Melissa Gilbert is beautiful in this movie , the script did n't do her justice . I love Christmas movies and really wanted to like this movie , but did n't . The couple `` fell in love '' too fast . It was n't believable . Where was the romance ? The passion ? It was totally underplayed . They could have made this movie so much better than it was .
 This movie was an extended play copy and DVD the were identically BAD . The VHS was if they used an erased movie and recorded over it .
 All of the attempts to expose the rest of Wyatt Earp 's life are diminished if not ruined by the blatantly false portrayal of the Earp 's and Holliday as `` lawmen . `` The famous `` gunfight '' was little more than cold-blooded murder carried out by the Earps , and the attempt to somehow portray the Earp 's as heroes is an embarassment . The Clanton/McLaury gang were cattle rustlers , but did that justify their being gunned down in cold blood ? Tom McLaury was unarmed but still shot and killed by the Earps . Ike Clanton and Billy Clairborne were both unarmed and ran away , but still the cowardly Earps took shots at them.There were no `` good guys '' in the `` gunfight '' but there were players who were more in the wrong than the other , and those were the Earps . It 's too bad that this movie did n't accurately portray this .
 This has to be the worst , most boring peice of garbage western I 've ever seen . How can one call this a good biography . All this movie did was try to tear jerk you every second . Kasdan thinks he has a gift for tear jerking . I watch westerns because they are real , and violent with straightforward stories and gritty characters . This film lacks in everything that characterizes a western . The people who liked this must have just got done watching , `` The Big Chill '' . A real western is the Outlaw Josey Wales , or The Sacketts . And Tombstone , even though overblown at times , blew this bomb out of the water . When they get to the gunfight at the OK Corrall , notice how you do n't even know who the heck the bad guys are . Kasdan has to remember that the heavy in a movie is just as important as his hero , especially a western . But if he did that it would n't be his brand of yuppie western . Kasdan watched too many episodes of Little House on the Prairie and thought they were westerns . He should watch some more Peckinpah films and grow a pair . Kevin Costner should do the same .
 Among the unintentional laughs was the dramatic walk to the OK Corral by the Earps and Doc Holliday . This should have been released as a comedy.Another flawed , but still excellent , version of the Earps was `` Tombstone . ''
 This version of Wyatt Earp 's life is not just long , but it 's so commercially crafted that I have to ask if every line was written and performed to be a media quote . I 'm sure the trailers were very compelling , but ... . give me a break ! Who 's running Hollywood , the Marketing Departments ? Perhaps , in another age , this might have been regarded as melodramatic . In this age , two thumbs down.There are some fine actors here . Unfortunately , they have been written to be and directed to be characters less than the capability of their talent . This movie is not simply a gritty western , nor is it a great romance , nor is it an ambitious biography , but it tries to be all of these without finally defining itself . I want to assume that most of the `` facts '' of the movie are fairly true , or `` Hollywood true , '' which compelled me to watch it to the end , but the dialogue is patterned and scripted -LRB- well , duh ! -RRB- and predictable . I 'm not talking about everyday speech , but the plethora of those one liners that we just know that they must have said.Foreshadowing is one thing , but orchestrated , TV-level plot revelations are not just an insult to an intelligent viewer , but , alas , boring . To even compare this -LRB- as some previous reviewers have -RRB- to The Unforgiven is an affront to the Western as a genre . Over-managed , predictable , but of some historical/biographical interest , this version is lamentable not just for the waste of talent we must endure to see it through to the end , but for the offense to the profession of dramatic portrayal . I 'm not surprised that the pros panned it .
 The movie is good , but I 'll wait for the extended version -LRB- 212 Min . -RRB- with commentary that will inevitably be released in the future . Shame on the studio for releasing this only to fleece us again with a better version later . I 'll save my money until then and they lose a sale until then .
 Well This film is well typical for A Costner flick , Like most of his films around this time it is long -LRB- To long -RRB- and it is almost painful to watch . This Director decided to focus on the `` Dark Side '' of Wyatt Earp and it told the story that Tombstone did not while many would disagree with me I think this film is just as fictional as Tombstone only this film takes longer to reach the same conclusion.Not only is the film rather long but you get the same acting from Kevin Costner as you got with other films that came out in the 90 's with costner in them -LRB- EX . Dances with Wolves -RRB- . I did like some of Costers films but this one kinda made me mad with the poor acting and long drawn out story.IMO I would pass on this film expecialy if your looking for a action film Tombstone dose have alot more action and also has a little better acting ... Of corse this is all IMO ...
 I had two major types of exposure to the legend of the Okay Corral . The first was seeing the Star Trek episode `` The Scepter of the Gun , '' where the Enterprise crew find themselves in Tombstone being taken for being the Clantons . The other was a series in the Mandrake the Magician comic strip , where the Clantons were the villains . -LRB- I also did visit Tombstone once . -RRB- I desired to learn more about the shootout.The first scene starts with Wyatt Earp 's brothers telling him that the Clantons were out by the Okay Corral , and they left . Then , the movie goes to Earp 's childhood . At the end of the first of the two VHS tapes , Wyatt and his brothers were on their way to Tombstone . This movie reminds me a little of Ben Hur . Ben Hur 's chariot race was not the climax of that movie , just as the showdown at the corral was not the climax of this movie , though the chariot race was much more exciting.Another movie I thought of when seeing this movie was `` The Untouchables , '' which also starred Costner . I see a common ground between Earp and Eliot Ness . However , I found Ness a more sympathetic character than Earp . Earp was a stubborn adulterer who did n't have any real concern for his wife.Not only did Costner fail to win me over in his role as Earp , but the Clantons were not effectively dealt with . They never came across as the villains who needed to die . The shootout almost resembles an example of police brutality.The two redeeming things in this movie were the performances of Dennis Quaid as Doc Holliday -LRB- a major change from his role in `` The Rookie '' -RRB- and Mare Winningham as Mattie Blaylock , Wyatt 's wronged wife . These two performances were both worthy of supporting role Oscars.This was not the first time that director Lawrence Kasdan worked with Kevin Costner in a Western . Silverado was definitely a better movie .
 Wyatt Earp is Kevin Costner 's bio-pic answer to the film he was originally supposed to star in , Tombstone . It is said that Wyatt Earp is more documentary-like than Hollywood movie . However , at the end of the day , Wyatt Earp fails to entertain or keep the interest of its audience for it ridiculous 3-hour running time.First off , I have to commend the film for its use of Michael Madsen , Linden Ashby & Mark Harmon in particular . All three actor , while playing smaller roles , all to very well with what they have , putting up some solid performances . The cast is littered with recognizable names , and for the most part , everybody does the best with what they got . Actors like Jeff Fahey are underused , but they 're usually still solid . The same can not be said for the main characters , however . Kevin Costner is for better and for worse Kevin Costner , not really doing anything with the character apart from what 's on the page , often giving a distractingly tonal difference between the two sides of Wyatt Earp . Gene Hackman phones in a performance that asks little of him than to be wise . And even though he 's in the movie a grand total of five minutes , he gets 2nd or 3rd billing . As for Dennis Quaid , he gives one of the most overwrought accents in recent memory with his portrayal of Doc Holiday . Sounding like a cross between the Rooster from the Looney Tunes & Colonel Sanders , Doc Holiday is a black hole of personality thats defining characteristic seems to be his only friendship with Wyatt Earp because he has TB . On his own , Quaid 's Doc Holiday is n't that interesting , but compared to Val Kilmer 's classic portrayal of Holiday , there is n't even a contest . Kilmer wins by sheer default.Then there 's how to film views women . Every one of the various wives in this film is portrayed as little more than a winy shrew that will steal a gun and fire it at their man if they 're the least bit angry . And they happen to be angry a lot . They get mad when Wyatt moves the family asking why ` the brothers need to stick together . ' They get mad when Wyatt does what Wyatt does with the `` Cowboy '' gang . One gets mad when her husband is cheating on her even though they 're not technically married . Not to mention the sheer lack of any personality found in Wyatt 's other two girlfriends/lovers/wives to begin with.Then there 's the long , drawn-out story . Covering most of the highlights in Earp 's life up until Tombstone , the movie has a certain fondness for dropping you in the middle of a situation where nobody seems very happy . They literally jump in time where things are supposed to be better , only to show you that things are not going better . For example , when Earp announces he 's moving the family to Tombstone , literally the next scene is the wives complaining that they were moved to Tombstone and thing are the same as they always were , to which one of the brother 's respond , `` It 's not for lack of trying ! '' Wait , how did you get here again ? The movie has a fondness for doing this , leaving very little connection from scene to scene . You 're left extremely confused about Earp before & after the Tombstone incident . Why is everybody mad at the guy ? Why did he `` pick '' the fight anyways ? In fact , general lack of cohesion makes this movie an overall frustrating watch.Overall , with shoddy stunts , writing , story , motive , main characters , and other problems with most everything else , Wyatt Earp is a forgettable mess that 's not the epic the movie is advertised as , unless they meant epically bad and uninteresting . As a stand-alone film , it does n't work . When compared to Tombstone , it 's wiped off the floor in almost every respect .
 This Blu-Ray release shows how little studios care for their products , as long as they can grab a quick buck . The full , uncut version of this film is far better , but was made available only on VHS and LaserDisc -LRB- both widescreen -RRB- . I assumed that the theatrical version DVD would eventually be followed by a Blu-Ray that contained the uncut version - especially now that branching technology would probably make it possible for both versions to be on one disc . Even if that were not the case , it should have been either a single disc of the uncut -LRB- we already have the cut DVD -RRB- , or , better , a two-disc set with both versions . The extra cost to the studio would be minimal . As it is , yet another chance to spend your money on a butchered version of a film you 'd enjoy and appreciate better in its full form . Sadly , this is never likely to get the Criterion treatment , and be released as it should be seen -LRB- as `` Heaven 's Gate was earlier this year -RRB- . Some people will say the uncut version is too long , but anyone who can sit through , and enjoy , the 190 minutes of this version would not be disappointed to spend 212 minutes on the better cut . As it is , they have much of the material in the form of irritating `` Deleted scenes '' in the extras . Forget this studio money-spinner , which is no significant improvement on the previous DVD -LRB- no added extras - another opportunity for historical documentary material missed -RRB- , and buy the VHSWyatt Earp -LRB- Widescreen Expanded Edition -RRB- -LSB- VHS -RSB- on Amazon , or the LaserDiscWyatt Earp Laserdisc .
 I own the VHS two disc version of this , and was very excited when this came out . I purchased it thinking it was the extended edition , but it was just the normal version with deleted scenes that were in the VHS version . I ended up giving this away . BEWARE !!!! If you want the extended version , it is only available on VHS .
 Much of the movie is a snore ... it might be more historically accurate , but does n't compare to Tombstone in terms of entertainment value . Buy this movie if you like the monotonous details of a history class , but not for the intensity that is so addictive in other movies . Dennis Quaid as Doc Holliday is particularly not worth writing home about , which is disappointing due to the very colorful nature of the real Doc . Better to save your -LRB- $ -RRB- and 3 hours on something better .
 Wyatt Earp is an okay movie ... but Quaid 's performance as Doc Holliday is laughable and has put me off not only this movie but all Dennis Q 's movies forever!Oh , and I have to mention-How long is this movie ?! If you 'd like to see a real movie about Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday-See Tombstone !
 Apparently this is Kasdan 's attempt to turn the murderous old west into some kind of Spielberg-ian morality tale . Instead we get a film so stale and hollow it manages to make a mediocre actor out of even Gene Hackman . Uninspired dialogue delivered with all the craft of a voice-mail message . If the Old West is n't quite dead yet this one will do it . My biggest regret is that I had to contribute to this production in order to learn this . Comes with not one , but two cram-packed disks . Yippee-eye-ay !
 Not realistic ... Wyatt Earp dunking Doc 's head in the water ? Do n't think so ! And a lot of it boring . Wyatt Earp was no saint I 'm sure , but his character was so obnoxious at times I was almost rooting for his enemies ! Enough said . Bad western ... bad movie .
 This had to be the longest , dullest movie I have ever watched . Though to be honest I did fast forward through a great deal of it because it was so incredibly boring . Way too much Kevin Costner ! Dennis Quaid was okay as Doc Holliday , though Val Kilmer was much more fun and interesting in Tombstone . Lewis Smith as Curly Bill definately could have been developed more . He 's a gorgeous guy and should have been in more scenes and given a few lines to speak . His character was spoken about amongst the leading characters quite a bit leading the viewer to think he was ` important ' though his character never developed in this rendition of the story . In Tombstone , Curly Bill was definately a major character and I just wish Wyatt Earp had done the same instead of making the viewer wonder what all the talk was about .
 This movie is entertaining , but not as good as `` Tombstone '' which was released about the same time . Kostner 's Earp comes off somewhat flat and the script , while giving a hard , authentic look at life in the wild west , lacks the snap of `` Tombstone . '' Recommend it instead for the better casting -LRB- especially Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday and Sam Elliott -RRB-
 This is a decent movie , but because it follows the same plot and story of `` Tombstone '' and `` Tombstone '' is a thousand times better , there is no reason to bother to watch `` Wyatt Earp '' . Dennis Quaid is LAUGHABLE as Doc Holliday , and he fails to convince . In `` Tombstone '' Val Kilmer displays his incredible emotional range and his part allows him to be serious and hilarious at different times . Kilmer actually smoked several packs of cigarettes a day to give himself a raspy voice and a sickly appearance . The chemistry between Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer is what elevates `` Tombstone '' far above ordinary action films . In `` Wyatt Earp '' there is little chemistry between Kevin Costner and Dennis Quaid . The characters are wooden and underdeveloped . The filmmakers of `` Tombstone '' took real risks to make the true story exciting and profound , while `` Wyatt Earp '' spends too much time developing its story , so that by the end it has lost its impact . `` Tombstone '' is great because it is not afraid to alter history to fit the legend , but `` Wyatt Earp '' is bad because it is too realistic , and realism is not what film is about , if it was then noone would watch . If you have an imagination and enjoy complex characters watch `` Tombstone '' , if you are a historian and like to wear tight clothing and study encyclopedias watch `` Wyatt Earp '' .
 Let me say this first ! This movie was not good at all ! While they did have a few facts in there that people over look , or do not know . It was just bad acting , Costner mostly . And even though i like Dennis Quaid a lot . His `` Doc Holliday '' , was just rotten . Sorry . ... ... ... I am a historian . ... ... ... The fight at the `` OK Corral '' Was not even at the corral !!! It took place in an alley between buildings ! And , the fight was over one thing . Too many people trying to run the same organizations . They all did prostitution , opium , saloons , you name it ! And the Earps did not like the Clantons and the rest of them stepping in on it . As for Doc , the person I am named after . He was brought in to take care of any `` problems '' that came up . And he did a hell of a job ! While Doc was not exactly what you would call an upstanding citizen . We could all learn a thing or two from him about friendship ! Wyatt was his friend , and he never let anything happen to him ! Moreover , this film did not make Doc out to be a lawman . Nor was he ever . I do feel anyone that wants to , should study a little history . It will help you to understand thing 's before you write a ... review !
 did not receive the movie only the case . there was another movie in the case that was not wyatt earp 's . i had a bad experience .
 Admirable as this attempt was the movie Tombstone was a much better picture . Val Kilmer was awesome as Doc Holliday and Quaids performance is strained and hammy in comparison . The entire cast was excellent and the film had a better quality troughout .
 Kostner had the right idea initially , but after a while it gets tedious . While Quaid and Kostner do alright , one wonders about the rest of the cast . Harmon seems better suited to play Johnny Ringo than the ineffectual no-namer that does . Interesting to see a less than heroic portrayl of Earp -LRB- he 's a good guy , yes , but a cold blooded killer as well -RRB- , but that 's all this film has .
 Any movie I begin , I tend to want to finish it . I had high hopes for this film as it began quite well , but it entered a downward spiral to the point where I realized I was wasting my time trying to finish it.I think my main beef with the film is that it begins with an honorable wyatt earp and ends with him being , in my opinion , anything but.I thought the camera work and some dialogue was good , but it turned out to be a depressing film that I wish I 'd never begun watching in the first place .
 This movie was a huge waste of time . Buy `` Tombstone , '' instead . It 's a 5-Star !
 Tombstone or Wyatt Earp ? This seems to be the prevailing comparision . But why ? Some reveiwers have referenced Kasdan 's brillant western masterpiece Silverado to bulk up this movie and to justify the poor choice of Cosner 's Earp . From my perspective , other than his portrayl as the dead body in THE BIG CHILL , SILVERADO was the only movie of value Cosner has ever been involved in . His portrayl of Earp is as exciting as his portrayal of the dead body in THE BIG CHILL . -LRB- Which was cut from the theatrical release . Maybe his choice of charactor was to wooden for that film as well ? -RRB- One reviewer has stated WYATT EARP in not an `` action film '' like TOMBSTONE . They are right . Cosner 's Earp does not need to engage in gunplay to kill . He can kill his opponents the same way he does the viewers , bore them to death.The running time of the original theatrical release was approximately three hours . The DVD release has been shortened , but unfortunately it can not be edited enough to add life to a listless charactor portrayal.Tombstone on the other hand moves at a quick pace , protrays the importance of family , honor , integrity , and most importantly friendship . I 've read reviews knocking Val Kilmer 's portrayal in Tombstone as Doc Holiday in an attempt to bulster Quaid 's performance in Wyatt Earp . Acting next to Cosner , any sign of life is an improvement . So Quaid certainly looks better when not compared directly on screen with Kilmer . But Kilmer 's Doc in TOMBSTONE examplifies and highlights friendship as the motive for Doc 's riding with the Earps.The legend of Doc Holiday and his feared reputation , is more aptly shown in Tombstone than in WYATT EARP . Doc 's reputation as a killer , though not as widely known today as when he lived , far eclipes that of Wyatt . And had he lived past 36 , he might have been the central figure of the legend of the OK Corral.The Earp legend is in part due to Earp 's living until 80 and befriending film makers in Hollywood . On Jan. 13 , 1929 Wyatt Earp died in Los Angeles at the age of 80 . Cowboy actors Tom Mix and William S. Hart were among his pallbearers . Earp was not a lawman for a great part of his life . In fact , he was more successful as a gambler , prospector , real estate investor and entreperneur . But we do n't see many movies of successful business men , however , Cosner may have exploered that side of Earp and attempted to portray that throughout the movie . That would provide some explaination for his wooden portrayal.So the time in Tombstone , AZ is the highlight of Earp 's lawman career , and as shown in the movie WYATT EARP , why waster three hours of your life on the rest . Besides , TOMBSTONE has the beautiful and senuous Dana Delany playing Josie , the woman with whom Wyatt would end his days .
 After winning a lot of Oscars for the great `` DANCE WITH WOLVES '' , Costner apparently wente berserk , and started to think he 's the greatest actor of all mankind ! One of the movies that shows this new phase is this one . The general idea is good , tryin to make a `` real '' portrait of Wearp , not a action-filled package as `` TOMBSTONE '' . But Costner 's acting is arrogant , boring , in a way that eclypses all the merits of the movie -LRB- mainly , Dennis Quaid as Doc Holliday -RRB-
 I BOUGHT IT FOR MY BLUE RAY UPDATED THE SOFTWARE AS THE INSERT SUGGESTED AND IT STILL IS NOT RECOGNIZING THE DISC ... IT SUCKED ... BECAUSE IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY GIRLFRIEND ... = 0 -LRB-
 I was pleased to find this film at a local store ; I 'd seen the `` New York , New York It 's a Wonderful Town '' scene a dozen times . Now I know why
 On The Town is notable for a lot of reasons , but in this case , enthusiasm can not overcome the general sham of this low-class production . Why did they toss most of the BETTER songs aside from the original Broadway production and have MGM hacks enter banal new ones ? Get the Original Broadway Cast CD to hear what you 're REALLY missing ...
 `` On the Town '' tells the story of three sailors - Gabey , Ozzie and Chip - on 24-hour leave in wartime New York City . Gabey falls in love with a subway poster of Ivy Smith , `` Miss Turnstiles '' for the month of June . Gabey , aided by Ozzie , Chip and two of their gals , goes on a hunt for Ivy . After several adventures and a disappointing blind date with Hildy 's roommate , Lucy Schmeeler , Gaby finds Ivy.Let me say first that film version of `` On the Town '' is lively and entertaining , but no more so than many musicals of the 1940s , including `` Anchors Aweigh , '' the very enjoyable 1945 movie starring Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly as two sailors on leave in Hollywood.The musical score of that film -LRB- by Sammy Cahn and Jule Styne -RRB- is excellent . Sinatra 's rendition of `` I Fall in Love Too Easily '' still leaves me with chills . But I 'll leave it to others to argue over which is the better film.There are at least two ways to review `` On the Town '' or any other film of a Broadway musical
 If you 're thinking about improving your previous DVD edition of this great movie -LRB- WHV release of 2 May 2000 -RRB- , still available on Amazon , do n't bother . It 's identical , just repackaged ... -LRB- FIVE stars for the movie itself ! -RRB-
 If you are thinking of buying this DVD because you like Leonard Bernstein , think again . You 'll do better to buy the original cast CD of the Broadway musical or better yet the rerecorded complete version of the Broadway show . The film has replaced most of the Broadway songs by material that is so bad to call it mediocre would be too kind . The opening number is good , except that `` New York , New York , it 's a hell of a town '' has been replaced by `` wonderful town '' . After that number you have to wait more than an hour for any more Bernstein except for a very hammy rendition of `` My Place '' . Not only are the new songs and the new jokes embarrassingly bad -- as soon as you see the three sailors in a room with a dinosaur skeleton you know they 're going to knock it down before the number is over -- even the new dances are surprisingly bad , especially when compared to Gene Kelly in Anchors Away or Singin ' in the Rain . Clearly , based on the other reviews , there are people who enjoy this movie . I found it hard to sit through .
 gdfsf
 I bought this for Dead . Holstein to watch an it does not have closed captions so I am very disappointed . It was a waste of money !
 I ordered the animated Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde movie from Amazon.com for $ 9.95 and got it today ... . Only it had a bright green Walgreens sale sticker that says 2 / $ 5 !!!!!! WTF ?!! Hmmmmmm ... . AWESOME . Called customer service , and `` the best they could do '' was issue a refund of $ 5.95 -LRB- which is n't as good as Walgreens offers , but oh well . LOL But I thought I would let you guys know ... so take from it what you want ;-RRB- LOLOtherwise , its a good movie and I would rate it higher . . but I wanted to have a low score to bring attention to others about my experience ; -RRB-
 Whoever called this movie a piece of vomit was right on the mark . I am one of Bergman 's most devoted fans and I think movies such as the `` Seventh Seal '' and `` Smiles from a Summer Night '' are among the best films ever produced but I can only find `` Sawdust and Tinsel '' to be disgustingly pretentious and thourougly uninteresting . However , even if some modern , revisionist critics have been intimidated by Bergman 's reputation into finding this movie `` an important stepping stone for his later works , '' why watch it ? Go watch the later works themselves ! After all , even the revisionists will agree that they 're the only reason `` Sawdust and Tinsel '' is important -LRB- aside from being a good demonstration of how bad a film can possibly be -RRB- .
 First let me say that I love Stargate Atlantis . I would n't hesitate to buy a season as it is released . But I am disappointed in this pilot DVD . I expected much more in the way of Special Features . After having purchased it , I now wish I had waited for the entire season to be released . There 's not a whole lot going on in the way of special featues , except for a short preview of season 2 , which is n't much at all and a preview of the video game . I think it was kind of lame for then to release this premiere like this . I 'll definitely continue to watch the series but I wo n't be suckered in to buying the show piece meal any more .
 I bought this because I thought it was separate from Season One , but it 's just the first episode of season one , set off as a separate DVD , and pretty expensive too . I love Stargate , but this is just a cheap effort to make extra money . You ca n't even compare it to the `` Children of the Gods '' episode that was recently released for SG-1 . At least that episode had been re-edited and even re-shot in some places , to justify the separate release .
 Since I did not reaiize the pilot was also the `` first episode '' , I was very disappointed to have purchased it twice . Once as the pilot and once as the first episode of Stargate Atlantis - season one.Evidently , my fault for not having ever watched Stargate Atlantis before , but still frustrating !
 I just whant to say this , if Richard Dean Anderson is out of the Stargate series ; so am I , and that 's it!If I could I would give this 0 stars , but you ca n't , not what I know anyways . Still Teal ' c , Daniel and Carter is in the storie , but who knows for how long .
 I did not connect with this film for the following reasons :1 . There was a lot of talk that seemed to bog down the pace . Granted , cultural and literary references were plentiful and cleverly integrated , but I too often found the dialogue tedious .2 . Many of the plot situations were over the top and just not that funny to me -- a tribal roasting interrupted by skin heads ??? I felt these silly plot gags were at odds with the often deadpan pseudo -LRB- ? -RRB- intellectual dialogue . The tone of the movie veered from one extreme to the other .3 . There really was not much of a plot , which is ok with me if there is sufficient character development . But I did n't find much character development here either . Lots of characters , but what do we learn about any of them ? Not much . I saw them more as `` type . '' It was hard for me to care about watching any of them .
 I guess if you are a male college student getting stoned in your dorm room and watch this movie you may think is `` awesome '' . If that 's not you stay away . Ramblings of an artsy writer wan na be that takes himself way too seriously , makes for one dull movie.Sorry to the fans of this but all I can say is keep up your studies and get rid of that bong .
 OMG ! this is by far the worst movie i , ve ever seen in my life , If you like extremely cheese movies this is the one , It looks like it was filmed with a budget of about 500 dollars the creature was the worst i , ve ever seen and the actors looked like they just needed something to do for the day please don , t waste your money on this one trust me i can , t even give it away.Yikes !
 I agree with the previous review . This is the most terrible movie I believe I have ever watched . The acting was horrible , Bigfoot was an absolute joke along with every other aspect of this movie . DO NOT buy this movie !!!
 The title and picture on the front fools you - thought this was gon na be a cool movie boy was I wrong I want my money back
 I thought this would be part of the Classics cartoons that I grew up with ; sadly , it was not . The sound and picture quality was extremely lacking ; even my 7 and 9 year old grandchildren said it was the worst cartoon they had ever seen-imagine that !
 The one star is not for the movie , which merits a million stars , but for the disasterously poor and nearly ciminally fraudulent print sold by this ALpha production company.This is really one of our American greatest movies of all time -LRB- greater even than the monumentalAll Quiet on the Western Front , yet the print from which Alpha makes its dvd is so washed out that you might as well be watching ghosts in one of their many B-movie reprints.It is not enough to `` listen '' to this movie ; it is to be seen , and to be learned from . As we approach the massive failure -LRB- again -RRB- of our national economy , we need to see this movie ; yet we can not here in the Alpha edition . This movie holds the secret to our future , yet cruelly we can not view it here.Try another company , perhaps Synergy although they are equaly low budget and dubious . Please let me know who lives up to the technical difficulties ; I wish Criterion would restore this . As it is , this copy could not be restored even by Criterion ; from the first title credits it is entirely washed out . We may dimly distinguish the name of the composer Alfred Neuman and others from the greatThe Grapes of Wrath , but can not fully appreciate their talents in this edition.The Alpha cataloque included on the DVD as an `` extra '' reveals Alpha appeals to the obscure B-Movie audience , but judging by this present production , I would think twice before purchasing their copy of one of Bela LUgosi or Boris Karloff 's lesser known films , not even the intriguingWild Guitar . Synergy 's edition may be of no better quality . Image ` sOur Daily Bread & Other Films of the Great Depressionhas several reviews and none mention the poor picture quality so noticeable here .
 Like the other reviewer , my rating is for the very poor quality of the DVD , not the film . The problem is , this film was produced by United Artists in 1934 , so it is in the public domain - an orphaned work of art . United Artists was created as a counter to the studio system that ruled Hollywood from 1920 until 1950 . The good part was that the artists owned their creations and had creative control over their works . The bad part - many copyrights expired and , if the films still exist , often exist with no clear owner and in bad shape.To really appreciate this film you need to view King Vidor 's 1928 silent classic `` The Crowd '' . Both movies are the stories of John and Mary Sims . In the 1928 film , John is done in by his own mediocrity and dreaming during prosperous times overflowing with opportunity . Just six years later the couple by the same name is done in by the Great Depression . Although the two couples have the same name , this is not a sequel . It is King Vidor making a statement on the desperation of the times and how much difference just six years have made in the lives of average people . John actually shows quite a bit of leadership in this film versus `` The Crowd '' . At the beginning , John and Mary are on the verge of being thrown into the street as John can not find work . Mary 's uncle saves the day by allowing them to move into and work a farm that has been foreclosed upon but that nobody wants due to the bad financial times . John , who says he could write a book about what he does n't know about farming , is helped out by a Minnesota farmer whose own family has been kicked off their farm and is passing through . Pretty soon John gets the idea of turning the farm into a cooperative with people of all professions - plumbers , electricians , masons , etc. - joining in and setting up a system of bartering.John Sims is voted the leader of the group , but there are obstacles along the way - a drought that threatens the crops and an ex-flapper who wants to lure John away from the cooperative and tries to convince him that it will never amount to anything.This film is particularly relevant since the U.S. economy is facing challenges similar to those of the Great Depression again . The dollar is becoming the new Peso , oil hits new highs every day threatening to turn suburbs into Shruburbs , and real estate parallels the story of the original stock market crash - assets traded on margin for unrealistic value . Since clicking a mouse is n't a trade that translates into growing grain for `` our daily bread '' I ca n't help but wonder where we 're headed . Few people have the practical skills that were abundant in the 1930 's . I recommend the out of print VHS copy ofOur Daily Breadby Kino , if you can find it . That copy is watchable . Let 's hope someone puts out a high quality version of this film on DVD soon .
 There sadly do n't appear to be any pristine copies of INDISCREET out there but it 's hard to imagine any prints in worse condition than the Madacy release , which is nearly unwatchable . I own a copy of that one -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and in the 50 Movie Pack Hollywood Legends boxed set by Treeline which is an erratic but generally good print , though some scenes have poor sound and others have clearly edited jumps , most likely from a repaired print that anything else . -LRB- I am giving this a one-star rating for print quality whereas the movie itself would be 2 or 3 stars -RRB- . This 1931 Swanson vehicle was directed by future film legend Leo McCarey but his direction is one of the least inspired things about the movie which often seems stagey especially in the first scenes . The movie also ca n't make up it 's mind what it is , starting out something of a soap melodrama with songs and then turning -LRB- more creditibly -RRB- into a wacky comedy , an very early screwball . Swanson stars as a successful New York businesswoman who is in a sexual romance with heel Monroe Owsley . She ends their affair when she learns he is seeing other women on the side . Time passes -LRB- although that is n't too clear in the film immediately -RRB- and Gloria falls in love with novelist Ben Lyon and is about to announce her engagement when her young sister Barbara Kent shows up with her new beau who just happens to be Owsley . Gloria vows to find a way to free her sister from the rogue even if it means putting her own romance in jeopardy.Gloria sings two songs in the film and one of them , `` Come to Me '' , twice . She 's gorgeous and is hilarious in the later scenes when she is out to make a bad impression at the Owsley family estate in a scene that foreshadows Irene Dunne 's not dissimilar machinations in McCarey 's 1937 classic THE AWFUL TRUTH . Best in the supporting cast is the hilarious character actress Maude Eburne as the girl 's devoted aunt.One hopes a great print of INDISCREET will surface one day , it 's lovely sets are depressing to view in a occasionally scratchy or blurry looking print . In the meantime , Gloria and company do their best to make an uneven screenplay and McCarey 's indifferent direction work with the results fairly appealing .
 Love Peter , but this DVD is terrible . The director keep change scenes every 2 seconds !! I do n't want to see all the unknown in the background more than Peter !!
 Based on the description , I fully expected that a DVD sold by Amazon in Region 1 -LRB- U.S. and Canada -RRB- would play in Region 1 . However , the DVD I received apparently plays only in Region 2 , so it would not play on any of the three DVD players I tried .
 I have this version I bought some time ago not realizing it was the crappy fullscreen format that crops off much of a movie shot in widescreen . Great movie but too bad we only see a portion of what was photographed .
 Bradbury and Huston together murdered both Melville and Moby Dick . The factual errors in the film are too numerous to count , and are mostly gratuitious , based I 'm sure on the assumption that most in the audience have n't read the novel . The dramatic tone is also , for the most part , false . There are great performances by Orson Welles and Gregory Peck , but Peck is given very poor material to work with , a very truncated Ahab.The biggest disappointment was watching the Madeirans hunt poor Right whales and try to make believe that this was something like the `` Nantucket sleigh ride '' of the old sperm whale fishery.The incredible truth of the sperm whale fishery described so vividly by Melville deserves better than the film efforts that have so far been made . Of course , the novel is much more than a whaling adventure . It is a meditation on good and evil , and a portrait of obsession , among other things . But Melville takes great pains to get the whaling right , as the ground for his great artistic vision , and a film that does n't get the whaling right really ca n't do justice to the novel . Huston 's version , of course , gets neither the whaling nor the novel and certainly not the artistic vision right . Huston was capable of great artistry , but did not achieve it in this case . `` Master and Commander '' shows that at least a part of the early 19th century nautical experience can be `` gotten right '' using modern film techniques . Perhaps one day a director of sufficient artistic vision , a combination of Peter Weir and Akira Kurosawa , will come along , who will be able to do justice to Moby Dick . Until that happens , expand your consciousness by reading the book .
 I have read Melville 's novel several times , it 's a favorite of mine . I saw this film 20-30 years ago , and just received it on DVD , hoping I was wrong then
 Although Patrick Stewart turns in a riveting and heart-felt performance as the revenge-driven Ahab , there is no denying that this movie stinks as bad as yesterday 's blubber.It 's too bad that a project this ambitious could not have been turned over to an old sea salt like James Cameron . Although , truth be told , Cameron probably would have quintupled the budget with his salary alone . The world deserves a modern big screen treatment of this classic tale . Too bad this is what we got.There is nothing wrong with the acting . Henry Thomas -LRB- yes , E.T. 's Henry Thomas -RRB- gives a noble performance as Ishmael . Gregory Peck makes a more than worthwhile cameo as the fire and brimstone-spouting Father Mapple . But once the Pequod sets sail , it 's time to look for a lifeboat.For a film that obviously spent a lot of time and money shooting in worldwide locales with first-rate actors on a gorgeous - if not overly decorated - period ship , somebody severely dropped the ball in the post-production department . Dropped the ball , stuck a harpoon in it and then dumped it overboard.Underwater shots are laughable , computerized sperm whales breach like marlins and the only real special effects prop used -LRB- a high school-project whale tail -RRB- is about as convincing as a cardboard light-sabre . The film is hacked together for television commercial inserts and has all the artistic pacing of a spooked horse . The anticlimactic ending turns Ahab 's most powerful speech -LRB- `` From Hell 's heart , I stab at thee ... '' -RRB- into an uncomfortable afterthought . And the seventeen dollars that appeared to be left for the special effects make for the most cringe-worthy ship sinking ever put to film.Call me Ishmael . Call me whatever you want . Just call me when it 's over .
 Moby-Dick is the overindulgent , homoerotic tale of the lust that surfaces between two English men , an enormous whale and an American harpooner aboard a whale ship called the HMS Serapis . It 's stock full of rich slang , metaphor and jaunty old English that most readers wo n't understand , -LRB- especially in America since the education system is laggard and no one bothers to read books there anymore -RRB- . If you 're from Europe , you 'll love the portrait of American sailors as `` smug , self centered prejudiced scoundrels '' . Moby-Dick is classic of adventure.John Huston 's film of MOBY DICK is a lousy film . It 's a lousy film in its own right , apart from the great novel upon which it is based.Bradbury and Huston together murdered both Melville and Moby Dick . The factual errors in the film are too numerous to count , and are mostly gratuitious , based I 'm sure on the assumption that most in the audience have n't read the novel . The dramatic tone is also , for the most part , false . There are great performances by Orson Welles and Gregory Peck , but Peck is given very poor material to work with , a very truncated Ahab.The biggest disappointment was watching the Madeirans hunt poor Right whales and try to make believe that this was something like the `` Nantucket sleigh ride '' of the old sperm whale fishery.The incredible truth of the sperm whale fishery described so vividly by Melville deserves better than the film efforts that have so far been made . Of course , the novel is much more than a whaling adventure . It is a meditation on good and evil , and a portrait of obsession , among other things . But Melville takes great pains to get the whaling right , as the ground for his great artistic vision , and a film that does n't get the whaling right really ca n't do justice to the novel . Huston 's version , of course , gets neither the whaling nor the novel and certainly not the artistic vision right . Huston was capable of great artistry , but did not achieve it in this case . `` Master and Commander '' shows that at least a part of the early 19th century nautical experience can be `` gotten right '' using modern film techniques . Perhaps one day a director of sufficient artistic vision , a combination of Peter Weir and Akira Kurosawa , will come along , who will be able to do justice to Moby Dick . Until that happens , expand your consciousness by reading the book .
 This movie is very boring and is not very good . While watching this shameless movie , I fell asleep . It is about Ahab and his obsession with a white whale -LRB- Moby Dick -RRB- . If you are looking for action this is not for you . It gets somewhat suspenseful in the last half-hour . However , I do not recommend it to anyone !!
 MGM Vintageclassic - NOT . Color is flat and detail is soft . Why would MGM even consider releasing such a `` Classic '' film in other than the widescreen format . The film , characters and actors are all 5 star but the DVD version is no better than a VHS rental . I give MGM 1 star for effort .
 I saw this movie last weekend , coming fresh from my second reading of the book , a reading that was twice as powerful as the first time I 'd read it in college . I was expecting a good experience , though with the date of the movie I was prepared for some deviations from the novel . I was not expecting what I recieved in Huston and Bradberry 's redaction of the plot.Moby Dick is probably an unfilmable novel , but the scenes of action and the details of the 19th century whaling trade make it understandable that a director would try anyway . And Huston and Bradberry start off well , collapsing some of the sprawling episodes in the beginning of the novel to one place and time . You lose nothing by keeping all the action in New Bedford and indeed the opening gains a bit in power . However , even here there are some serious missteps , such as allowing for a glimpse of Ahab walking the streets of New Bedford . In the novel Ahab is only talked about , not seen , for the first 100 pages or so . This helps to keep tension around the character growing , so that when he does appear he is as much myth as man . It also parallels the greater absence of the title character , who of course never appears in the flesh until the last three chapters of the novel.Once we get aboard the Pequod , the script loses faithfulness in ways that are quite harmful to the suspense of the plot and to the philosophic issues dealt with in the novel . Ahab appears too frequently , especially at the beginning ... and only his monomanical speeches are kept . The more soul revealing soliliquies that make Ahab such a haunting and paradoxical character in the novel are excised and Ahab becomes all rage , more monster than man . This does a severe violence to Melville 's character and his development . It 's little wonder that Gregory Peck felt he could n't bring this character to life in the movie ... there 's no real life in the writing.The deviations from the novel are legion . The meetings with other whaling ships , which help to shape the legend of the White Whale in the novel , are cut down to two meetings , and not even two of the most important . The character of Flask is given short shrift ... while Stubb 's humor is never very evident -LRB- a fault of the actor as much as the script -RRB- . Starbuck comes across as an office clerk rather than a brave , careful , and ultimately moral and nobel man . Pip is almost completely elided , which robs Ahab of some of his most touching and humanizing scenes . And though the removal of Fedullah , the satan figure of the novel , perhaps makes things a bit more realistic , it also makes the ending deeply problematic and makes the Corpusants scene lose symbolic power and Zoroasterian philosophical overtones . Even the Symphony chapter , which is included here in truncated form , is so truncated that you do n't have time to fully see Ahab 's humanity almost come back and most viewers probably never realize that Starbuck in this scene has almost convinced Ahab to give up the whale.But most tragic and disturbing is the fact that Huston and Bradberry determine to show us Moby Dick too early ... before the Pequod 's meeting with the Rachel . Though I understand the need to telescope the three days chase at the end of the novel into one extended scene , by adding this earlier sighting , the power for the final confrontation with the Whale is destroyed and we never get that wonderful scene where the White Whale is first spied swimming in divine beauty . This image is perhaps one of the most important in an image ladened novel , and losing it weakens the identification of Moby Dick with God and with disinterested Nature , which is beautiful and terrible at the same time in Melville 's world.The primary problems I think with the movie reside in the screenplay , but there are also many problems with casting . Peck actually does a fine job with material that just is n't nuanced enough . He makes as much as he can over Ahab 's few human moments , but they occur way to late in the movie to help us feel anything but empty for Ahab . Richard Baseheart is woefully miscast as Ishmael , impressing us less as the highly educated underachiever of Melville , and more of a straight out rube . Queequeeg is just way too old and way too stiff for his part . Stubb lacks humor and Starbuck seems more like Captain Bligh than like Melville 's hero . Even the best things about the movie ... the whaling scenes , leave us with a sense of incongruity . Whaling looks like jolly fun , while Melville makes it abundantly clear that it is life and death business.So , even with the best of intentions , Huston is unable to deliver a movie that has any of the real impact of the Melville story . I am actually rather certain that noone can capture it in it 's full power and nuance . However , I hope that in the future a director like Peter Weir , who 's Master and Commander showed him capable of understanding the unique atmosphere of windpowered sailing , and who 's Gallipoli showed him sensitive to the poetry in basic stories of survival , might decide to try his hand at the book . There 's still a good movie to be made of this book , even if it ca n't include everything the author could .
 Although this movie was one of my favorites while I was growing up . I am rather put off by the fact that it just wo n't play on my DVD .
 I was really looking forward to seeing this classic movie that I enjoyed so much as a child . Much to my disappointment , when I put the disc into my computer , an error message appeared saying that this DVD is not authorized for use in my region . I have never had a problem like this before .
 More a lean Hemingway adventure than Melville 's mad encyclopaedia - and even more a typical Huston fable about men and failure . Ahab the maimed tries to recover wholeness by destroying his destroyer , a non-starter of an idea . It needed someone with a less cautious imagination to make this , someone who did n't care so much about plot , who could plumb the depths , soar the heights , the rites , the lunatic , magical , incantatory pagan/religious/philosophical mish mash . Only the eerie scene of Queequig 's decision to die even comes close . The whaling sequences are the best , full of a real , almost documentary danger that brings the film nearer to Herzog . Herzog doing ` Moby Dick ' ? Now there 's a thought ... Kinski as Ahab ... mmm .
 You are never too old to learn something new . I was not aware there were DVD regions - this one was Region 2 - for Europe . It would not run on either of my DVD players -LRB- a Sony and a Toshiba -RRB- , but it did run using my computer.Except for the region issue , everything else was great . I enjoyed the movie , the delivery came as promised , but I do n't think I will be buying any more European DVDs .
 One of the truly great movies by John Huston and the first to give you a real feel for the old wooden ships of the era not equaled until Master and Commander by Peter Weir . Unfortunately Amazon falsely advertised this disk as a wide screen 1:78 ratio presentation . It is instead a 1:33 ratio , pan and scan with relatively poor video quality . At the moment it is the only disk of this film available.Moby Dick
 Do n't waste your money on this DVD -LRB- original 1956 version . It looks like it was recorded 4:3 from a TV screen . This great movie needs a Blu Ray restoration .
 The disc is not compatible with my DVD player . I try to play it and get a message that is the wrong region . I 've since heard that Region 1 is european region and wo n't play in American players . IF that is true , why would a seller send such a DVD to the U.S. ?
 Never had a movie gum up the amazon-roku system like this one . Had to hard boot everything . If technological problems were fixed , movie itself would be a 4 + .
 The 1956 version of Moby Dick is one of those nostalgic pieces of film , that sci-fi fans probably rent just to laugh at the special effects , and they would definitely not be disappointed . The action sequences with the whales were flat-out terrible , they were very drawn out and seemed to play off a loop-feed , where you would see the whale rise and descend the exact same way over and over again , until you were seasick yourself . Aside from that , the dialogue and action on the ship were not bad , but the camera was almost entirely consumed with Captain Ahab -LRB- Gregory Peck -RRB- who did a fine job , in spite of going a bit overboard and breaking into Shakespearean soliloquies which were so wooden and long-winded , it left one wondering how long he could keep it up without bursting out in laughter . The final scenes with Moby Dick were as ridiculous as the rest of the whale scenes but demonstrated Ahab 's amazing dexterity in riding atop the whale while it dove under and jumped across the ocean!If you have time , skip the film and read the book . Melville is too gifted a writer to substitute such a poor rendition , and his works are filled with too much rich detail and satire for a film to encompass .
 I have quite a large dvd collection -LRB- for a college student -RRB- that is somewhere between 300 and 400 movies and I 've grown quite tired of picking up a double or triple feature set that purports all the movies to be in anamorphic widescreen and then when I put the movie in am disappointed that only one movie is and the other movies have `` been formatted to fit this screen `` I 'm sure the companies that put these films out do n't stalk me to find out what my TV setup is like so I 'll put this out there for them to read
 Highly inaccurate portrayal of Buddy Holly , did not even get the name of the members of the Crickets correct.Totally ignored Norman Petty Studios in Clovis , New Mexico , where the best of the music was recorded .
 i never received the package in the mail . i will not order from this vendor again . it was a christmas gift that i was unable to give .
 I received the Superman CDs in a timely manner and was happy about the price which was $ 10.00 for 5 disks . The set was advertised as `` new '' and it was packaged as so . When we played the first disk , the first three episodes were fine but the last 2 got hung up and did not play . The second tape was just as bad and the 3rd tape seemed fine with just minor stopping and starting . We have not played the last 2 yet , but I am expecting the same . I am disappointed in the quality but as my husband told me
 I was thrilled to death to hear that The Adventures of Superman was coming to DVD and ran to the picked up the first season set once it hit shelves . Christopher Reeve is an awesome Superman but for those of us who were around before he hit the big screen , their can never be another Superman outside of Geore Reeves.The series is in order but , as mentioned before , these are the TV prints once the show hit the air as reruns . Most of them have specks and lines and cracks from being viewed so many times but the overall quaility is very good . But when you get to the episode , `` The Stolen Costume '' , Warner Brothers drops the ball and lets you down . The episode is faded , streaked up , and just lousy to view.It is sad that we who spend our good hard earned money on a set that , since it was released buy the studio , should have been transfered from the Master Prints , only got worn out hand me downs . I am sad to say that since this was a let down , I will not give Warner Brothers any more of my money for Season 2 unless they use the original Master Prints and rerelease this set from the Master Prints as well.If you have n't bought this set yet , dont . Write Warner Brothers and demand they use the Master Prints before you buy this set . You can get a better set off of Ebay that has been copied from TV . If you have bought this set already , do like I have done and contact Warner Brothers and tell them how dissapointed you are and demand the set be re-released from the Mastet Prints .
 I was so excited when I heard that Superman is finally coming to DVD . I picked up my copy this morning and watched The Stolen Costume episode tonight and the quality is HORRIBLE !! They cut off part of the opening and the picture quality is horrible . Lines , cuts and snow . The rest of the first season is great . I hope maybe for the second season , they will re-release that episode that looks horrible and we 'll all be satisfied .
 Childhood memories are funny , are n't they ? In retrospect , things seem sweeter , kinder , more free than they really were . Those chocolate malts were not as delicious as we remember . The local candy shop was n't as magical . Our first bicycle was n't as fast . And this show was no good , no how.I am aghast - now there 's an old word - by how bad this show is . The presentation is wonderful . The restoration has been done by people who really care . George Reeves is a very likable actor , and so is Jack Larson . Phyllis Coates is very sexy.But the show ... oh my . Here in Metropolis , the stories do n't resolve . They just end . -LRB- Usually with some wry comment by Clark Kent about getting some help from Superman , wink wink . -RRB- Different evil characters are played by the same actors week in and week out . -LRB- Why ? There must have been loads of fine , out-of-work character actors available in L.A. , circa 1951 . -RRB- There are 26 episodes in the first season and perhaps 3 different stories . -LRB- The one they used most is about some house , hotel , barn or entire city now mysteriously closed-up - because there 's gold in them thar ' hills ! -RRB- The comedy is rife throughout - unintentionally.There is something fascinating about `` The Adventures of Superman '' , however . It seems to have been created by an insane person , someone who was plugged into the sub-conscious of a guilty , sick , and insecure culture - the United States 1951 . We keep being told by the voice-over person -LRB- as if there is something shameful about creating first-class television -RRB- `` These episodes are not TV . They are mini-movies . `` They sure are . Of the Ed Wood variety .
 I remember watching Superman as a kid and feeling much more impressed . Not now . Got it for my 6 y. old for Christmas - big let down . Too much weak writing and dialogue - not enough Superhero rescues . Spend the dough on Batman instead .
 THESE ARE THE REAL ADVENTURES OF THE REAL SUPERMAN . GEORGE REEVES IS SUPERMAN , NOT CHRISTOPHER REEVE . NO BIG BUDGET PRODUCTION WILL EVER OUTSHINE THE GENUINE ARTICLE . LONG LIVE THE MEMORY OF GEORGE REEVES !
 Anxiously and with enthusiasm last night I loaded in the new Level42 - `` Live at Reading Concert '' dvd.The concert hall , being more like a high school stage with full indoor lighting had no atmosphere and the audience were all totally dead and frigid , offering the band no support whatsoever.Some sort of light show as with past concerts might also have helped a little.Having had many years of experience in their musical history I was extremely disapointed with this , Level 42s ` last ditch effort in producing the old style sounds.Mark King still today exceeded and performed with his phenomenal style and experience but it could clearly be seen that he strained to pull the others along in the band as their leader , as they tried to maintain the traditional sounds that went with the name of Level 42 . This dvd shows that the sounds of Level 42 days are truly over as they limped along through the titles.In years gone by hitches were well overcome and smoothed over with the unified skills of Mike Lindup and Mark King sticking close , for example , back in the days with the Boon brothers disintigrations.However it was n`t until Mike Lindup finally stepping out leaving Mark to carry the name alone , did it sadly start to slowly conclude as we see it today.The music of Level 42 has carried a great deal of strong and diversified musical history milestones from their start in the early 80 ` s until their end at the parting of the two leaders.Mark and Mike today are both making a sucess in their efforts to venture into their own careers , as do many famous bands at the end of its time.But I believe it is now time to close the book on the great sound of Level 42 that was so prevelant in the years past and leave it as that ... a great memory .
 O.K. ... O.K. before everybody sends me tons of e-mail about my errors.It was n`t until I re-read my rating did I see it myself.Apologies to all concerned.That should have read as the Gould brothers ... Boon & Phil , and not the Boon brothers.I ` m sorry : - -RRB-
 I purchased this DVD and failed to pay close attention to the previous reviewer -LRB- DrNoRush -RRB- . The DVD jacket claims that this Movie stars Bella Cortez -LRB- the Cuban beauty of Sword and Sandal fame -RRB- , and Ken Clark . This is deceptive advertising - she is not in this movie , and neither is he ! Do n't be fooled .
 The title of this DVD is correct
 The sound track is very disappointing.The ` print ' appears to be a Japanese copy and I suspect might be in violation of some copyright laws . I ca n't believe the original producers of this film would knowingly allow this poor a DVD
 i thought i wqas getting the American version , not he Hong Kong version.Why ndid n't you make it clearer ?
 I was about ready to happily order this new DVD -- until I read themany negative reviews !!! So I went back to the photo of the case , enlarged it ... & , sure enough ! , all the copy was in Chinese -LRB- Japanese , Vietnamese , Madarian , yr guess good as mine -RRB- . So , of course , I amNOT going to order this neat film -- was getting it for my 11 yearold daughter 's birthday -LRB- but I planned to enjoy it , again , too ! -RRB- . I can not BELIEVE that Amazon would offer this item & not `` FLAG '' clearlyto us that it is offered in a foreign language -LRB- ie Not English -RRB- , apparently not even subtitled -LRB- a musical subtitled ? huh ? -RRB- & that the thing would be pretty much useless to anyone who does n't attend the nearest FarEastern Language School . Very upsetting . I think AMAZON is responsibleto explain this odd process/oversight to us & get their copywriters busycorrecting such false advertising ... it really DOES verge on the old `` bait & switch . '' Ugh & arrggh .
 My review is about the DVD itself not the movie . I loved the movie Bugsy Malone when I was a child so I was thrilled to see it again in DVD . Well to my surprise the DVD took 4 weeks to get here . Then when it was here it would n't play because it 's in `` Blue Ray '' formmat . I do n't have a blue Ray player and it does n't mention about it 's being only in Blue Ray formant on the order page . So I waited 4 weeks and ca n't play the DVD when I finally got it . Not to mention paying the postage to return it for a refund .
 My school is performing this musical , and I am a member of the cast , so I have seen it a million times , and our non professional cast , with the only boys that the directors could beg and plead to get into the play were better than this movie with a cast with professional actors and boys playing all the boys parts ! And could they have had the kids singing the songs ?! Like that Fizzy song was pathetic ! We found a kid who could sing that song better in our school , so in the entire world of kids who speak english , ca n't they find anyone ?! And the bugsy malone song ?! A guy singing , `` everybody wants that man '' Now that 's just plain wrong ! Okay a song that goes , `` He 's a sinner , candy coated ... '' is meant for girls to sing for God 's sakes!The directors of our play made us watch this movie , and I was so close to jumping out the window so I would n't have to watch the movie anymore ! Do n't see it , unless you would like to be pushed to the point of insanity ! 6
 I saw this picture several years ago and my mouth was hangingat the end of it . `` Bugsy Malone '' is clearly intended for the2-5 age group , and its only purpose is to entertain this set of kids who hopefully do n't remember it . Number one problem
 ok this film makes me cringe and yes i am the only person to give it a bad review but its rubbish.its basicley loads of kids pretending to be gangsters and miming to cruddy songs sung by grownups in between the rubbish script.also the acting is rubbish and look out for jodie foster as tallola or however you spell it . basicley this aint no godfather its like watching a primary school class on lcd .
 Wow , the husband chose this one and said it was a great family movie . I think that maybe it 's time I had him committed.Seeing these little children mimic gang hits and sing torch songs was just plain creepy . And the music will make you want to hang yourself from the nearest tree .
 I ordered this DVD after carefully reading everything . That 's not what I got ! I got a foreign version of it . Useless to me . Now I 'm out the cost of my shipping and will have to pay to send it back . Needless to say I am gunshy about ordering anything again . I think the catch is that there was no picture . If there had been I would have seen the foreign lettering . Bait & Switch at its finest . If Amazon ca n't redeem themselves somehow in the red tape of emails I have to send , then I am finished with ordering from them .
 I also carefully checked and rechecked my order before placing and then low and behold ... . A GERMAN COPY shows up which will not even play . This is ridiculous and is false advertising.I contacted the seller to see what to do and how much it will cost with no reply yet . We work too hard to be ripped off and shame on everyone involved for being butt-heads .
 Why is n't this title available in ENGLISH ? Sent this back as it is a FOREIGN language !!!
 Sadly , this is n't the English language version of Bugsy Malone - something I did n't realize when I ordered it . I ca n't play it either so it was a waste of time and money for me ! I 'd like to send it back and get one I could actually enjoy .
 I ordered this in Dec 05 for Christmas present . Amazon says there was a problem with manufacture delivery . I inquirer again later and they say just to leave it and that I have n't been actually charged yet . Now I check back and either lot of these reviews are faked by Amazon or I do n't know -LRB- maybe in countries other than the US -RRB- . Cause my order still says
 According to Amazon 's description , the option `` SUBTITLED '' is available , which is not true . There 's no subtitles , any language . Considering that MWC is a very funny and classic sitcom , very successful in all over the world , the quality is poor . And that 's why I think it could have subtitles for many languages .
 MWC is of course a 5 star show but you need to pay attention to which set you buy.There is the December 12 , 2010 -LRB- ASIN
 no list of episodes and discs are stacked on top of each other , its a bitch to search for specific episodes without a listing
 The package of the DVDs is poor , and the information that is subtitled , like we see on Amazon description on `` Format
 This set of dvd 's could have been package much better.I had to take a paint marker and re-number them .
 While a complete series collection is always a good thing , the most important thing to keep in mind is that it still has the flaws of the previous releases . The theme is still missing and replaced by generic music , the episodes are still cut and are syndicated versions , and price is a few dollars more than buying the seasons separately . That will probably fall over time.A good deal if you 're a fan , but nothing has been fixed . All the discs are still the same from their original releases . No theme , cut episodes , et cetera .
 This movie is about a group of American men who visit an island . The natives greet them enthusiastically and all seems well . One man , Johnny played by Joel McCrea , sees the beautiful Dolores Del Rio and instantly wants her . He decides to stay behind on the island when his friends leave because he is enraptured with her . He learns that she is the king 's daughter and is not to be touched by anyone other than the Prince to whom she is promised . Johnny tries anyway and when they are found kissing , Johnny is tied up while the native girl is married . However , Johnny escapes and steals his love away from the ceremony . She is happily in love with him , but she knows that if she stays with Johnny , a curse will be placed on them by the volcano . When Johnny vows to protect her , she is taken by the natives anyway , and he struggles to get her back . The film by now seems standard ; it seems that there are always love triangles between the white man and the native girl and whomever she is betrothed to in these films . The slow pacing makes this one suffer even more than the trite plot.This early film showcases the gorgeous Dolores Del Rio who once said she would never make a talkie . Perhaps it would have been wise not to make this one . For the most part , her character speaks in another language or in very broken English , and she does not come off as the brightest star . Joel McCrea fares a little better , but he is not outstanding.The film is beautifully photographed , although the print could be better with some restoration . The island is gorgeous , surrounded by the ocean and exotic plants . The camera does not hesitate to capture the opulence of the surface of the water and it even travels under to show sharks and sea turtles or people swimming.What might shock some about this film is the nudity . There are underwater shots of the native girl skinnydipping which would have never gotten past the censors had the film been made during the production code . The scene is artistically done and no particular parts can be made out clearly . However , it might come as a shock to audiences under the impression that film makers of the bygone era were prudes .
 When I was a kid , back in the stone age when TV shows were in black and white , NBC ran `` Saturday Night at the Movies '' . My friends and I eagerly awaited these presentations . The nearest movie theatre was miles away , and our parents had neither the time nor money to haul us youngsters to the theatres.One of my favorites from this TV show was a film called `` Bird of Paradise '' . The particular version I remember was made in the early 50 's . The film 's location was some beautiful south seas island , something totally unfamiliar to me , a young child in Wisconsin . Equally fascinating were the exotic characters that populated this film.The hero of the film , a sailor , was a decent man who treated the Polynesians with respect . His gift of eyeglasses to an elderly man was one of my favorite scenes . When the sailor decided to marry the chief 's daughter , he agreed to become a member of their tribe . The villian , a witch doctor , was against the marriage . I can still recall how frightening that witch doctor was . He was one of the most scary guys I 'd ever seen in films . This movie had everything -- exotic locations , interesting characters , and a great story . `` Bird of Paradise '' , the '50s version , made a lasting impression on me . It showed me a world outside my own , and strengthend my desire to travel.I 'd like to see this particular version again as an adult . Perhaps I 'd see it in a different light -- as a cheezy romance , or maybe I 'd see a plot with more holes than a Swiss cheese . But since it is n't available , I had to settle for the version offered by Amazon.The 1930 's film is basically the same story as in the '50s version , however , I was very disappointed . None of the characters made a strong impression on me . I kept waiting for that witch doctor , potent with evil , to appear . The hero did n't give me the sense he really cared about the Polynesians and their way of life . I found it difficult to sit thru this snail 's pace of an `` adventure '' . While serious film buffs may find this film worth viewing , it did not provide me with the thrills I was hoping for . What I was hoping for was to relive a memory.I recommend skipping this particular film , but try to see the ' 50 's version . A word of caution -- my review is really from the perspective I had as a 9 year old .
 The film Bird of Paradise , directed by King Vidor in 1932 , tells the love story of an American sailor , Johnny , and a Polynesian woman , Luana , daughter of the island 's tribal chief . Although they fall in love , Luana ultimately forces herself to leave Johnny because of her arranged marriage to the island 's prince , and her father 's anger . The plot seems innocent enough , but underneath its bathetic faade , we discover a blatantly racist representation of Polynesian people and a bold display of American heroism . Every aspect of the natives is implausible , from their appearance to their nave and wild behavior , and the ethnocentricity of the Americans in the film is shocking to witness.The first and most severe cinematic mishap of this film is its misrepresentation of people from the Pacific Islands . The casting directors cast many non-Polynesian actors in the roles of the Polynesian natives , including the lead female role , Luana , portrayed by Mexican film actress , Dolores Del Rio . Although their poor selection of actors was probably due to unavailability of ethnically Polynesian actors at the time of filming , their unrealistic casting nevertheless detracts from the authenticity of the film . Several scenes depict these `` natives '' stereotypically dancing wildly around a fire . To make matters worse , Busby Berkeley , the film 's choreographer , clearly did not invest much time into researching authentic Polynesian dance forms , and what results is a misconstrued and unrealistic Latin-tinged , frenzied body movement , replete with sensual grinding and hip-swiveling . But perhaps the most absurd portrayal of Polynesian people in the film is the scene where the `` flying fish come out . '' The film depicts the `` islanders '' screaming wildly in canoes as water splashes and fish fly all around them . The scene is intolerably ridiculous and further detracts from the film 's believability.The film also portrays Americans as civilized , morally righteous and superior to the islanders , which is slightly more insufferable than the unrealistic depiction of the native people . In the opening scene , the Americans , towering above the water in their big boat , throw some possessions overboard to the natives , who rapaciously paddle their canoes and swim to collect their newfound `` treasures '' of the `` modern world . '' Not only does this scene cast the natives in the role of nave children , but it also creates the illusion that the Americans are civilized heroes bringing technology to the uncivilized world . Furthermore , Johnny heralds Christianity as the only true religion and brazenly informs Luana that her religious beliefs are `` crazy superstitions . '' When the natives tie Luana and Johnny to poles to sacrifice them to Pele , the local volcano god , Johnny tells Luana not to be scared because Pele `` is not a real god , he 's just a hole in the ground . '' Johnny then informs her that `` There 's only one real God , '' as he vociferously begins reciting the Lord 's Prayer . It is hard to believe that this religious fervor comes from Johnny , the sailor who virtually rapes Luana after pursuing her underwater in the beginning of the film.Although Vidor directed this film in 1932 , which might explain some of the problems with it , many people still believe these images and behavioral representations of Americans and Pacific Islanders to be the truth . Images and representations of people and places , however fictitious they might be , are powerful , and leave imprints on our minds whether we intend them to or not . Furthermore , images and representations tend to become knowledge and , as the common adage goes , `` Knowledge is power . '' However , by allowing false images to form our knowledge , we only become prejudiced and ignorant . Therefore , it is imperative that people seek out true knowledge , or else the people of the world will have to suffer through more movies like Bird of Paradise .
 I hope that Amazon will clear up the information listed for this DVD . They list the cast of the remake from the 50 's , they have the aspect ratio as widescreen . Which verson of the film is being offered here ?? Please clear this up so that those that order will not be disapointed . I am not even sure that the widescreen verson from the 50 's is even available on DVD .
 At the time it was filmed , `` Bird of Paradise '' cost an astronomical 1 million dollars . Producer David Selznick okayed the project and said that he did n't care anything about the plot as long as Delores Del Rio 's character was thrown into a volcano at the end . The disregard for a good story line clearly shows and the result is a boring and tepid film highlighted only by actress Delores Del Rio . Although Del Rio 's voice is high pitched and she speaks little English here , her beauty and presence holds your attention . The exotic locales are not that impressive in black and white and some underwater footage was taken from another film , `` The Most Dangerous Game '' . The flip side of the dvd features `` The Lady Refuses '' a low budget `` adult drama '' popular in its ' day for presenting provocative story lines . This one involves a wealthy man hiring a prostitute -LRB- Betty Compton -RRB- to seduce his son away from a gold digger that he is dating . In the process , Compton falls in love with her employer instead . Interesting only for a peek at how films got around the censors with sly word play and innuendos.The dvd quality of both films is very good .
 I purchased a cd from this seller that was advertised as new . However the cd came in an unsealed cd case and was obviously used . The insert was old and had stains on it and was slightly ripped . When I contacted the seller she denied that the cd was used . The only reason I kept it was because the cd was in good condition and I did n't want to go through the trouble of shipping it back . I wo n't order from this seller again .
 I have every available episode of Doctor Who on DVD . It should have been called the BORE of Fang Rock . This episode is like torture to watch . If I was to show someone that has never seen Doctor Who , this would be one i would HIDE ! Just my opinion , It was SOOO SLLOOWW !! not much action . Some people really enjoyed it , but I guess I like a bit more action .
 After watching the fabulous bonus features on this DVD -LRB- a biography of William ` Wild Bill ' Wellman with observations by Robert Mitchum and Tab Hunter , another bio of `` Track '' author Walter Van Tilburg Clark , a look at actual mountain lions and their habitat , and more -RRB- , I realized I held a ` minority opinion ' of the film , itself , compared to many of the reviewers you 'll read , here ; I think it is stagy , lacks the sense of dread and palpable suspense of the novel , and does n't ` hold up ' as well as most of the director 's work.A tale of a dysfunctional family at it 's boiling point , and the impact a nearly primordial panther has , in changing their lives , the characters , with the exception of always watchable Robert Mitchum , as the domineering middle son , are all either boring , frustratingly indecisive , or downright unlikable . Oldest son William Hopper , best-known as ` Paul Drake ' in television 's `` Perry Mason '' , is the dreamer , who ` bonds ' with the environment , but lacks the instinctive power to defeat the cat , and never comes across as more than wishy-washy ; bitter spinster sister Teresa Wright offers a one-note portrayal that soon becomes grating ; youngest son Tab Hunter is so wimpy that you quickly lose interest in him ; Philip Tonge , the loquacious alcoholic father , whose drinking problem , in the novel , is tragic , here becomes a stereotyped comic drunk , with hidden bottles of liquor providing ` comic relief ' ; Diana Lynn , as Hunter 's girl , tries hard , but never seems more than a minor character in the proceedings ; even legendary Beulah Bondi , as the greedy , Bible-spouting , mean-spirited mother , seems to simply channel her ` bad mom ' portrayal from the `` What if ? '' sequence of `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' . Worst of all , ex-Little Rascal Carl ` Alfalfa ' Switzer , encased in phony-looking ` old age ' make-up to ` pass ' as a 100-year-old ranch hand/medicine man , looks neither believable , or comfortable in the role.With a farm set that looks patently artificial -LRB- and obviously on a sound stage -RRB- , the outdoor scenes , shot at Mount Rainier , must take up the slack ; sadly , despite the creativity in using high contrasts to make the colors achieve a ` black and white ' look , the book 's greatest asset , the constant , frightening ` unseen ' presence of the malevolent cat was , to me , never achieved , despite a Mitchum monologue as he gradually succumbs to helpless fear ; in fact , Hunter 's final confrontation with the cat is handled so ` routinely ' that you ca n't understand what all the fuss was about!The film was a big letdown !
 This picture is n't ` minimalist ' , it 's empty . The scene that sums it up best for me is where Mitchum , having made his way over the snowy wastes , barricaded himself in a cave , and said to no one in particular , ` well , I have a week 's grub to last me ' , puts his hands into his pockets and -- omigosh ! -- no grub ! Yup -- he dies because he failed to secure those peanut-butter sandwiches . And yes , Tab Hunter 's hero is such a pliable mama 's boy , it 's inconceivable that any girl , much less Diana Lynn , could find him attractive . Do n't let this ` Cat ' litter your living room .
 When the highlight of a wrestlemania turns out to be Shawn Michaels versus Tatanka , you know it was a bad night.Every thing surrounding it was cool . Caesar 's Palace - great hotel . I like the idea of an outdoor setting for wrestling . JR 's first PPV , but overlaps with Macho Man and Bobby Heenan . Pomp and ceremony was a change.Then there 's the matches . Shawn versus Tatanka was pretty good maybe a 31/2 * s.Undertaker versus Giant Gonzales - 1 * Doink the ... yeah whatever , 1 * Headshirkers versus Steiner 's - 2 cool teams one bad match . 2 * Mr. Perfect vs. lex Luger - As another reviewer mentioned , surely Perfect can save the day . He put in a good effort but not enogh to rescue this PPV . 3 maybe 31/2 * ` sMoney Inc. . Vs. Hulk Hogan and Beefcake - Oh my ! Oh my !! requires no explanation . 1/2 * Bret Hart versus Yokozuna . Actually this match was pretty good , maybe it 's a tie with the Michaels-Tatanka match 3 and 1/2 . Bret puts in a great effort and the ending is kind f cool . A heel has to get the belt at some point and cheating always fits the bill . And hey it ushers in the new generation right . Bret put out a great effort , Yokozuna puts in probably the best effort any huge guy has ever put in -LRB- with the possible exception of Bundy in Wrestlemani2 -RRB- . WWF is moving on ... . Wait what 's that ... Do you hear something ... `` When it comes crashing down and it hurts inside '' ... Bret needs assistance , but do n't send a doctor or a trainer or even an official , send the Hulkster , afterall when he 's not wretling he MOONLIGHTS as a medic . And how does he help Bret by accepting a challenge from Mr. Fuji to take on the 9 minute reigning champion . A big Wrestlemania requires a BIG FINISH , the kind only a boot-leg drop can give . `` Courage is thing that keeps us free ! '' ... CLICKring ring ... yeah Hi cable company , can I get my money back . no thanks anyway
 This is without question one of the worst cards ever assembled for a wrestling event , let alone a wrestlermania . Considered by everyone who 's ever come in contact with it to be the worst in mania history , here my rundown.Before I get into the matches there 's the setting , a lot behind ceasers palace souped up greek decorations that when the wind blows -LRB- and it did allot -RRB- the banners revealed bleachers and who is sitting on teh bleachers but the around 7,000 in gurth crowd if that ... pathetic . Its not just that the matches all stink but having Randy Savage do color commentary and having Jim Ross excitedly ramble of comments like this `` is the greatest night of my life '' make the whole thing almost unbearable . Oh yes the matches.HBK vs Tatanka
 Intercontinental Title MatchTatankavsShawn Michaels -LRB- C -RRB- Tatanka By CountoutHeadshrinkersvsSteiner BrothersSteiners On A FrankensteinerCrushvsDoinkDoink With Some Outside Interference Help From Another DoinkRazor RamonvsBob BacklundRazor On An Inside CradleTag Team Title MatchHulk Hogan & Brutus `` The Barber '' BeefcakevsMillion Dollar Man & I.R.S. -LRB- C -RRB- DQ - Money Inc. . Hit By Beefcake 's Titanium Mask `` The Narcissist '' Lex LugervsMr . PerfectLuger On A BackslideThe Giant GonzalezvsThe UndertakerDQ - Gonzalez Was Smothering Undertaker With A Towel And Would n't Break 5 CountHeavyweight Title MatchYokozunavsBret `` The Hit Man '' Hart -LRB- C -RRB- Mr. Fuji Threw Powder In Hart 's EyesHeavyweight Title MatchHulk HoganvsYokozuna -LRB- C -RRB- Hogan On A Leg Drop
 This movie excels with unconventional attributes unseen in Hollywood movies these days - superb acting , true , honest characters without glamour , attention to minute detail in screenplay , sets and careful selection of music . This is what real movies are all about .
 Plusses
 Man without a past is a slow movie , and I lost interest after a while .
 My two year old loves Elmo BUT this story is a dud . This is a joyless production with none of the zip , humor and heart foundin many other Sesame Street videos and DVD 's . The songs are just not good - Charles Durning mumbles a boring little number and Harvey Fierstein 's `` musical '' number seems as if it was written five minutes before taping . Their is just no quality to any of this . The rest of the characters on Sesame Street becomes depressed because every day is Christmas and they can not get on with the lives . I 'm afraid their feelings are contagious . Buy Elmo in Grouchland - lots of story , good songs , humor and very cute .
 This strangely dispiriting holiday special is among the worst of the elmo videos available . Our three year old was indifferent to it ; the adults came away slightly depressed . A better bet is Bear in the Big Blue House 's `` Berry Bear Christmas . '' A good message , and more memorable songs .
 My daughter loves Elmo and has for some time now and she is 2 . He is definitely her fav character and we have several Elmo DVD 's . Her favorites are Wild Wild West -LRB- loves to dance along with songs and likes cowboys now and says yeehaw -RRB- . The other is Elmo in Grouchland -LRB- mostly the songs and she sings along sorta . . -RRB- . KK , so I am glad I rented this one first before buying it because not only was it a major disappointment but it was a tremendous let down as well . I really wish I could pretend we never watched it and we only saw the first 15 or so minutes before I took it out and promptly returned it.Now I cant speak for my two year old other than she really loves Santa Claus , I mean really loves him , but she was not interested in this movie at all and I do n't feel like she liked the Santa clause in this movie.Which leads me to why I did not like it at all and took it out and have given it one star . I felt like the Santa Claus was about the worst one I have ever seen in a movie . In fact , I really dislike his attitude and the way he treats his dog that wants to be a reindeer that is hiding in his bag . It all starts with Santa getting stuck in the chimney which for a two year old is probably confusing as it is . . why is he stuck ? What if he gets stuck in our chimney , etc. . Talk about a buzz kill , I really feel robed of the magic of Santa and Christmas by this show . The Santa actor made Santa out to feel like one of those drunk disheveled Santas . I feel like he was really rude to his dog too , not the loving kind and gentle Santa we know . For example the Santa in Polar Express , awesome Santa . The Santa in Flight Before Christmas , another awesome benevolent Santa . They add to the magic and show the warmth that you would expect not cheapen him like this one does . It 's just the way he looks or talks , but the script that was written for him obviously . I 'm really disappointed in this one . Hopefully the Xmas Countdown will be better . I 'm just glad my daughter was n't a little bit older , I think it would definitely create a poor impression of Santa on any child 3 or older as it did for us . My wife was in the room but was not watching it and she agreed . We 're both rather young and 1337 parents as well so it 's not a case of uptight atards either.p.s . If you read over the other bad reviews you will see they all say the same two things . . Worst Elmo ever and Depressing and or very disappointing story line . Kinda says something when all the bad reviews strike the exact same chords . Oh and a few point out that at one point Santa quits . Really ? Santa Claus would Quit his job and walk out because he cant take it ? Does this sound like the kind of Santa you want your kids to believe in ?
 My two year old loves Elmo BUT this story is a dud . This is a joyless production with none of the zip , humor and heart foundin many other Sesame Street videos and DVD 's . The songs are just not good - Charles Durning mumbles a boring little number and Harvey Fierstein 's `` musical '' number seems as if it was written five minutes before taping . Their is just no quality to any of this . The rest of the characters on Sesame Street becomes depressed because every day is Christmas and they can not get on with the lives . I 'm afraid their feelings are contagious . Buy Elmo in Grouchland - lots of story , good songs , humor and very cute .
 My 2 year old daughter hated this video & I do n't blame her . It was depressing - there were too many repetitions of them singing this depressing song before they finally get to the end and are happy again . Just a horrible Christmas video - Do n't buy it !
 The movie starts out on a good note , with the amazingly talented and wonderful Maya Angelou telling a Christmas story to children and muppets , but gets tedious from there . I was hoping this video could acquaint my 14 month old with the spirit of the holiday and that we would hear some traditional holiday music but I was disappointed to find that there are very few Christmas songs on the video , none of them were familiar , and the main song that echoes the theme of the story `` Every Day Ca n't be Christmas '' is repeated over and over , getting increasingly more tiresome each time . Harvey Fierstein makes a guest appearance as the Easter Bunny , trying to sell `` Christmas Eggs , '' and with his raspy voice and hammy overacting , he quickly becomes too irritating to bear . This video is not up to par with other Sesame Street classics . It fell short of being either entertaining or educational . My daughter was not the least bit interested in it , although she loves her other Elmo videos . A big disappointment .
 I bought this video for my 2 year old who loves elmo ... It has little to do with the true meaning of christmas and the plot becomes repetitive ... Terrible dvd or video
 Although some of the classic Sesame Street sytle is here , this is way too long leaving the viewer wondering if this tedious story will ever end . . and a grumpy Santa to boot ! What my kids remember most ? That Elmo shatters his snowglobe -LRB- no I 'm not giving away the story . -RRB- Now , every single snowglobe that has entered our home in 3 years gets the `` wish , wish ` wish '' and thrown on the pavement treatment . We just got Tim Allen 's Santa Clause . Pick that over this ! The magic is real and the plot keeps moving at a wonderful pace . Humor far excels Sesame Street 's also . If you liked Elmo in Grouchland , you 'll probably like Elmo Saves Christmas . We did n't like either .
 It 's really tedious and dissapointing , my two and a half year old is already sick of it , and after one watching , I want to get rid of it . Sho loves all the other Elmo DVD 's .
 I purchased this movie for my 2 year old son after finding out that he loves the movie &#34; Elmo 's Christmas Countdown &#34; . I was hoping for the same result with this movie , but was disappointed to realize that he does not like this movie at all . He sits through small parts of it here and there but has only watched about 10 % even though I 've played it in full at least 6 times . I 'm not surprised because this movie takes place on the set of &#34; Sesame Street &#34; which he also does n't really like to watch .
 2.4 starsI love the idea here , but the direction , acting and general quality are barely b-movie . The lighting and set-ups are pure low budget and I had trouble getting past that and into the concept.Make sure to watch this in Spanish ; as bad as the subtitles are , they are masterful next to some of the worst English dubbing I 've ever heard.All in all , we were very bored very quickly ; this movie has some scenes that are just sheer nothingness posing as suspense , and once you 've figured out the main idea , it 's all pretty obvious . I 've seen dozens of time travel movies and this is easily one of the worst-made . No matter how good your premise is , if the filmmaking is weak the film itself is going to be subpar . Timecrimes is the perfect example of that .
 This movie was bad . It was not the acting , which was fine . The directing was so - so . I have no problem with english dubs -LRB- which is how I watched it . Why would anyone want to have to keep their eyes glued to the bottom of the screen reading subtitles for 2 hours , missing elements of the MOVIE happening above the subtitles , or missing a key dialogue if you have to sneeze or turn your head for some reason ? -RRB- No , my problem is with the main element that will make or break a movie
 Wow . I 've seen better 10 minute videos on You Tube . The dialogue via subtitles are from a high school play . It 's almost a parody of some very bad sci-fi movies . Below-amateur writing , production , directing and editing . I watched it twice with theatre and then movie production people . We all had a wonderful time - CHORTLE ! SNEER ! GUFFAW ! SNICKER ! Even Ernie Fosselius ' `` Hardware Wars '' was superior to this tripe . Serious students of film will barf at 19.25 minutes.On my list of `` The 100 Worst Films I 've Ever Seen . '' This is one of those DVD 's that you can use as a signaling mirror if you 're lost on a deserted island .
 The most thrilling part of this very low budget , poorly acted , poorly directed , poorly edited and poor screen writing is the very cool bandage wrapping on the poor guy 's head . That is the only intellectually stimulating and thrilling part to the entire movie . The time scenarios are non-sensical and illogical at best and would fail any high school level understanding of time-space physics . Best illustrated by no explanation as to why climbing into a vat of milk takes you a few hours into the past . On top of that we have a lone individual -LRB- no security -RRB- playing around on the weekend with , would probably be the only time travel device on Earth , that so happens to be in a suburban neighborhood with no security and with energy demands that would drain a city . It turns out to be his personal play toy which he operates with a Nintendo game pad . There is meant to be paradox within the storyline but in this case it 's a rationalization for confusion i.e. a movie with no thoughtfulness or direction .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The story is ridiculous
 A huge heads up , for those who are considering purchasing the video via on demand . This is the dubbed into English version ... not subtitled . I stopped the movie after five minutes in . Hugely disappointed by the non-disclosure .
 This is not a review of the movie because I had to stop watching after two minutes . The Instant Watch version is a terrible English dub . Do not buy or rent the Instant Watch version . I hear the movie is good though . I 'm planning to rent the DVD from a competitor now .
 Low budget , poor dialog , and incohesive story line . If that 's what you 're looking for , then this is the movie for you . I watched it hoping it was along the lines of Denzel Washington 's `` Deja Vu '' . Other than the fact that they are both about time travel , there 's nothing else they have in common . I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on this clunker .
 I 'm going to heroically be the rehasher of the coldest hash of jokes on this when I say that this film was itself a time crime . I guess that 's what makes this some sort of cerebral or intellectual film , that paradox . If you get through this movie , there 's a good chance you 'll arrive on the other side of it thinking `` well that was pretty dumb . '' But then you recall the feature 's title , and Whammo ! The brilliance of the paradox crushes your brain ; you realize that the entire experience was a time crime perpetrated on you . I 'm a big fan of epiphanic experience , but I probably would n't willingly watch this bad of a movie again even if it promised another epiphany . It was real bad .
 I just got done watching this and have to say that I am left unimpressed and actually quite dissapointed . The dvd itself if ok , with some extras . But as for the film itself , I would not recommend it to anyone else . I was expecting something similar to Primer , at least in theory.The whole ` bandaged man ' thing and the time travel aspect were the most frustrating and really made the movie painful to watch after halfway through . If this is what time travel is like , then do n't sign me up , as its a bummer !
 `` Timecrimes -LRB- Los Cronocr&iacute;menes -RRB- '' is likely to baffle even the most ardent sci-fi fans . It 's a subtitled time travel story that keeps turning back on itself with a series of inane , nonsensical explanations and inexplicable behavior . It seems that writer/director Nacho Vigalondo was just trying to show how clever he can be , piling on a series of interconnecting events that are all the result of one man heedlessly venturing into uncharted territory . But cleverness can only go so far before it becomes hopelessly confused ; by the end of the film , I had absolutely no idea what was going on , nor did I understand how any of it could have happened . Certain passages of dialogue are meant to explain it all , but what the characters say makes about as much sense as someone speaking in tongues . To be fair , there 's a strong possibility that I missed something along the way . I admit that I 'm not the most perceptive of viewers , especially when it comes to something as intentionally misleading as time travel.In all honesty , I 'm not sure I can describe the plot of this movie . Partly , it 's because there 's so much happening all at once , not all of which I caught on to . But mostly , it 's because the story plays like an overactive mystery , with a back-to-back series of revelations . I can , however , describe the setup . H&eacute;ctor -LRB- Karra Elejalde -RRB- and his wife , Clara -LRB- Candela Fern&aacute;ndez -RRB- , have moved into a spacious home somewhere in the woods of Spain . One day , H&eacute;ctor receives a mysterious phone call from someone that wo n't speak . When that person hangs up , H&eacute;ctor redials the opposite line and gets only an automated message . Later on , as he lounges in his backyard , he looks through his binoculars and sees a young woman taking her shirt off in the middle of the woods . When Clara leaves to get dinner , he decides to go investigate . He finds not only a naked woman lying unconscious , but also a man whose face is wrapped in pink bandages . This man stabs H&eacute;ctor in the arm with a pair of scissors . H&eacute;ctor runs . He then seeks refuge in a strange laboratory , where a young scientist -LRB- Nacho Vigalondo -RRB- tells him to hide inside a metal vat filled with white liquid.Thus begins a strange , unexplainable sequence of events that involves not one , but three H&eacute;ctors occupying the same stretch of time , namely the ninety minutes before H&eacute;ctor arrived at the laboratory . The technology behind the metal vat is left a little obscure , as is the reason for why the scientist seems to know everything about what 's going on at all times -LRB- or in this case , at that one time -RRB- . Is n't this impossible given the fact that he 's completely outside of H&eacute;ctor 's time loop ? Would n't he keep forgetting who H&eacute;ctor is with every trip to the vat ? Maybe this is just one of those extra plot details that somehow passed me by . The scientist attempts to explain this warped passage of time with a drawing on the back of a calendar , one that shows a line bending in a Z-shape ; at each bend is an X marking each H&eacute;ctor 's position in time . It made sense up until the inclusion of a third H&eacute;ctor.The next thing I 'm about to say will be annoyingly vague , so you 've been warned . When H&eacute;ctor 1 originally looks through his binoculars , what he sees is the direct result of H&eacute;ctor 2 . Here 's what I do n't understand
 I am a time travel movies ' fan and have a pretty complete collection -LRB- almost 40 movies -RRB- , but this one is n't going to be in it , unless somebody remakes it . I began seeing it and could n't stand the bad acting and directing . I seldom do n't finish a movie , no matter how bad it is , but this one went beyond bad . From the reviews I have read here , it seems as if it has an interesting plot , but the acting was so bad that I could n't stand to watch more than 20 minutes of it . That 's the longest I could hold the impulse to puke ! Spanish is my first language , so I did n't have a language issue . Fortunately I did n't buy it . I wish they remake it so I can enjoy the interesting plot and twists others say it has , because as much as I love the time travel theme , I do n't think I can stomach trying to watch this awful version again .
 My boyfriend and I are movie fanatics , we constantly go to Blockbuster to get their 4 movies for $ 20 deal , Half Price Books , or Walmart for their five dollar movies , so we have a LOT of movies . We saw this particular movie at Blockbuster one day thought it looked pretty cool , so we bought it . Five dollars for this movie was even too much for me , I thought it was going to be awesome , boy was I wrong ! I do n't think this movie is even worth a penny!All throughout the movie , we were just waiting for it to be over , it has a good enough story line , but with the bad acting , and all the stupid incidents , it just all seems so silly . The ending did it for me , I was so pissed off for buying this movie I could have broken the DVD . I thought with the cover looking like that and all , it would be awesome , but the cover is so misleading , we thought that would be an actual character in the story , but instead it 's just when he wraps his face up for five minutes . STUPID ! Do n't waste your money . I do n't even want to sell this to anyone , I 'd just be a horrible person for wasting their time and money , too . I 'm just going to throw it away in the garbage where it belongs .
 I wanted to try this service for the first time and this movie was hard to come by anywhere else so I was happy to find it on Amazon . But the quality was pretty poor , not sure if this is how the service is in general.Also it was dubbed to English from Spanish as oppose to being subtitled and that I ca n't really sit through . It would have been nice if that was communicated before I rented this cause I would have never spent the money on such junk.I still want to see the movie . Hopefully I 'll find it somewhere .
 The real crime with regard to this film , is the 92 minutes you 'll have given up watching it . There is just no movie here . A string of , perhaps sometimes interesting looking but ultimately pointless scenes , leading to a lame , open and arbitrary ending . `` Held together '' by some of the worst dialog filmed and even worse pacing.Somewhere along the line there may have been an interesting idea for a movie but in the end ... . it 's just not there.Characters say and do things for no sound or logical reason other than the script calls for it and their actions are needed to set up the next scene . Help stop crime . Save your money . Save your time . There are better choices out there .
 I watched on June 6th 2004 `` The Longest Day '' to learn about D-Day June 6th in 1944 . In general it was a painfully boring movie . I accomplished my goal of learning about D-Day , but it was at a cost of wasting about three hours of my life . It is my belief that this story could have been told in one and a half hours instead of three .
 The Normandy battle looks like it was shot on some little beach in NJ and the comedy is just pointless . Why try to make a joke out of this subject . The perception of the English , Scottish , and French is just ignorant . Obviously for it 's time this movie was decent but to say this movie is realistic is a smack in every veterans face .
 This may well be Hollywood 's definitive D-day movie . It may be a classic . It may feature an unbelievably star studed cast ... . but its still boring as watching paint dry.The movie does indeed take in many important persectives of the D Day ladings , but in doing so the plot reads more like a documentary than a narrative , and as such it fails to really grab attention . Which makes it all the more tempting to fast forward through the many tedious and slow moving scenes that fall in between the action.There is far too much dead time in this movie . Characters pause for dramatic effect where there 's little to be gained , their dialogue is often expositional and pedestrian and their reaction times to dramatic events -LRB- including getting shot -RRB- are unbelievably slow.While there 's a need to illustrate the sense of suspense preceeding the invasion , there is a limit to how many pregnant pauses you can take in the course of a 3 hour movie ... Once the action gets started it 's entertaining enough -LRB- barring the insertion of further dramatic pauses -RRB- , but clearly not up to the level of violent realism of Private Ryan - soldiers getting shot have a tendency to freeze in motion -LRB- more pauses ... -RRB- and then fall in the direction the bullets have come from , etc. . I 'm sure that for their time the special effects are pretty good , and the scale of the scenes is admittedly spectacular , but lets face it its still black and white , pre-CGI stuff.This movie could be compressed to half its running time without the viewer missing much -LRB- except lots of pauses and a few redundant characters and sub plots ... -RRB- . I 'd be happy to have this on in the background on a rainy Sunday afternoon but I would n't recommend watching it from beginning to end ...
 I bought this DVD and several others as Christmas gifts for my husband . He finally sat down to watch it tonight and I wish he had n't . The DVD cuts out just before the final chapter and freezes the playback . This turned what I had hoped to be a thoughtful gift for a fan of WWII films into a very bad experience for us both . There has to be a more well manufactured version out there . My advice is , look for it and avoid this one .
 Director Darryl F. Zanuck tried his best with the technical resources at his dispostition at the time and using the narrative standar for epic movies of that time . But watching this movie today is a really act of courage . It drags and drags , the three hours seem to never end . Also , even if they tried to give a view of the global situation , they failed miserably.The movie is an endless sequence of shell and fire sounds , a really pain . I simply do n't like the movie , although I understand what they tried to do .
 Well I will keep this short , because this treatment of the Normandy invasion had me bored for most the the movie . Why ? Because the movie is essentially a theaterical depiction of the invasion with virtually no character development , no story line and no military stragey to show how planning was developed . John Wayne left me realing against his over-blown personality and silly manner.Others were just as bad . I saw this film when it first came out , did not think to highly of it then and certainly know now how poor this thing is . A waste of time and money to say the least . A THUMBS DOWN ! !
 I saw this movie a couple days ago . It was good but too unrealistic . Soldiers die a short and easy death but this movie can not be compared to Saving Private Ryan at all
 Despite having 48 International stars and winning two Oscars . I found it to be a big let downThe sory of D-day told by both sides jumped around to much.It seems the plot was all sub plots.Rent it Do n't buy it . Not a good war picture
 This may not have great explosions but saving pvt. ryan was an awsome tale about a soildier and his trip to hell and back and the longest day was about all of D-day so dont bash saving pvt. ryan ... tnx
 This is crap ! When they invade the beach ... that 's some sad acting ! I hate this movie because it makes the americans always come out winners ! It 's like they kill Germans non-stop , and they never get hit ! THIS MOVIE SUCKS ! I also know for a fact -LRB- I ca n't remember what it was -RRB- but I read somewhere -LRB- maybe it was an Ambrose book -RRB- that this movie is n't even accurate ! The ending was wrong . That was n't how Normandy was won ! Geez , I mean it 's bad when the facts about an epic invasion are n't even accurate ! Saving Private Ryan is n't all about the Normandy campaign , but it is a lot about what men we n't through . The beach in SPR was n't a bunch of John Wayne 's running up the beach never getting hit , killing Germans ! SPR was the americans getting slaughtered ! They eventually won the beach , but the cost of human life makes you wonder if it was worth it ! In SPR people are dropping like flies . What are they doing in Longest Day ? They are running up the beach like they 're getting Nerf darts fired on them ! IF IT WENT TO ZERO STARS , THAT 'S WHAT I WOULD GIVE IT !
 After having purchased the non-anamorphic version of `` The Longest Day '' , one of the truly great war epics , I recently purchased the two-disc `` Cinema Classics Collection '' and was sorely disappointed with lack of clarity of the image when viewed on a 46 '' Samsung LCD . Compared to excellent B/W DVD releases such as Warner 's presentation of `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- or Criterion 's release of David Lean 's `` Great Expectations '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , this Fox release of `` Longest Day '' is totally unacceptable . To make matters worse , this disc begins with a burst of noise accompanying a preview which can not be defeated with the menu button . A real bummer over-all . How would the public feel if every music CD began with commercials for new CD releases ? How are they getting away with this?If , at the beginning of this practice , consumers returned dvd 's with commercials on them to the manufacturers or the dealers , it probably could have been stopped fast . The outer packaging of such discs should at least contain a statement in easily readable lettering that this dvd contains advertising .
 I purchased the dvd for Father 's Day , but it would n't even play in his dvd player . The disc was scratched and I could n't return because my dad informed me after it was too late to get a refund .
 The movies great if you get the chance to watch the complete film . As others have stated the film gets stuck halfway through and you cant finish watching it . This cd is the first i 've had that has actually failed halfway through and i use the slim 360 to watch movies .
 Love this one and all the old war movies . The one star is for the quality of the transfer from -LRB- VHS to DVD -RRB-
 did not purchase , did not purchase , did not purchaser , did not purchase , get it !! i have bo experience . i prurchased the other 2 disc `` longest day ''
 I am a fan of WWII movies . I was looking forward to the arrival of this two disk set . The Film is of course magnificent . I was looking forware to the addition stuff that now comes with DVDs , commentary , interviews , making of films , featurettes , etc. . Afterall , there are lots of historians and others who will add to the filmit self . I was wrong . the commentaries are so bad I could hardly make myself finish them . Neither commentaters was prepared . The other matterial was also very poorly done as commpared to what is available on the History Chan and other sources .
 All the potential to be great but they had to throw in some God awful slapstick . Edit out an hour . Corny .
 Widescreen television owners normally can purchase a non-anamorphic widescreen movie , and assume , though the picture will be softened , that they can watch it using the zoom picture on their television.BE FORWARNED ... IF YOU HAVE A WIDESCREEN TELEVISION , AND NO VERTICAL IMAGE ADJUSTMENT TO THE ZOOM FEATURE , you will not be able to watch this movie on your set -LRB- except in normal mode -RRB- . The manufacturers , in their infinite wisdom , decided to place the subtitles in the black dead space BELOW THE PICTURE . On a widescreen television , they are truncated.Fortunately for me , I can adjust the image upward on the screen , revealing the full subtitles . However , this is really not something I should HAVE to do.An anamorphic release would have cured this ... but even without one ... just using some brains when producing this DVD would have helped !
 I have a high end sony blu-ray player , and for some reason this is the only blu-ray that will not play at all and yes I have a network conection . This blu-ray has no scraches either .
 SURPRISE ... this DVD does not play in our area we are told when we put it in . -LRB- Message comes up on the screen -RRB- . Did YOU ever hear of such a thing ? We sure have n't ... we live in NY . To return it , we have to pay the postage costs ... more than the DVD cost . Pretty disgusted .
 I find all the positive reviews about this movie very interesting indeed.This is certainly not the best war movie ever , and I ask you to watch some other war films -LRB- including some foreign ones -RRB- such as
 This film of the D-Day landing is a superb rendering of the events of June 6th , 1944 . Unfortunately , those of us who have widescreen TVs will be forced to watch it in 4:3 ratio -LRB- which means that the picture is tiny - in the centre of the screen -RRB- . The reason for this is that fairly large amounts of the film are -LRB- rightly so -RRB- in German and French , consequently , any attempt to blow the image up causes the subtitles for those languages to dissapear off the screen.If Fox had bothered to produce an anamorphic version of the film , then this would probably not be the case.Incidentally , Fox in their great and utter wisdom , for the Australian -LRB- Region 4 -RRB- release of this film , although producing an anamorphic version , decided not to have any subtitles at all!Anyone watching this version for the first time must surely be totally mystified as to what was actually going on !
 How can anyone consider this to be an accurate interpretation of D-Day with barely a mention of the Canadian involvement . Juno beach was one of the more well defended beaches and the location a key to the success of D-Day . The Canadians fought against the best the Germans had in Normandy and never get the credit they deserved .
 I was greatly disappointed with Amazon , upon receipt of this product !! I clearly specified that I wanted the COLORISED version and clicked on same . I was led to believe by AMAZON that the colorised version was available , so I ordered it ... And when it arrived , it was the same old B&W ; version !! I 'm still interested , but ONLY if it 's colorised ... Please let me know CLEARLY if you have that version available or not . I can always give away the B&W ; version if I can acquire the colorised version ... Do you have it or not ???? Please answer me at -LSB- ... -RSB- And no double talk , please !! Annie Silva
 I am in the process of changing all of my movies from VCR Casettes to DVD becausse my player for the cassettes broke and can not be replaced . I had the VCR version of this already . Do n't know who made the mistake
 I tried ordering this VHS tape several times before , to my delight , I finally succeeded in getting it . This review is on the physical product . It came in what seemed a partially damaged , ultra-cheap VHS package . I put it in a perfectly good VCR that worked fine before and after I tried to play this tape . Anyway , as soon as I put the tape in , my machine made an unholy noise and when I stopped and ejected the tape was hung up in my machine . Ended up tearing it out . Great film , poor delivery . Save your ten bucks .
 Like much of Argento 's oeuvre , this rubbish is a mess
 I guess im more picky then most of you guys out there when it comes to Argento 's work . I like his movie Suspiria and probably not much else .
 ... BR > At the end of the documentary included on this disc , Argento says that he felt after completing Opera that he had made a bad movie . The documentary ends there , with no follow up to say he feels differently now or that history has proved him wrong . The reason is obvious after watching the film . On the plus side , Argento has several nice set pieces '' . '' ... I actually like Argento 's Phantom of the Opera over this , but I am apparently in the minority there . I recommend anything made prior to Opera , including Trauma and Inferno to this .
 i tried to watch this DVD in both my DVD-Rom & DVD player & it didnt work . i exchanged it & that copy was messed up too ! the dvd is gold & looks like a burnt copy ! BEWARE !
 Anyone who has seen Phenomenon or Inferno knows Argento 's problem with logic.Operas problems : It 's neither scary nor suspenseful mostly because of a very low credibility quotient and a multitude of extravagant , annoying distractions and contrivances.There are too many overly familiar hooded killer clich&eacute;s , silly dialogue , unintentional camp , and nonsensical situations , illogical chracater decisions , odd dubbing and questionable actingThe Low Logic Quotient : Members of a close knit opera company are being brutally killed - yet the remaining members handle the news as if it 's only a minor annoyance.The Opera 's star is tortured and forced to watch brutal , bloody executions of the stage hands - What does she do ? - She goes for a walk , tells the disinterested director . What does he do - he drops her off at her apartment has a chat and says good night.A homicidal butcher is caught in the act by a young woman . What does she do ? She waits around to tease him so he can butcher her too.An Opera company member purposely and without warning drops a huge steel cage in the middle of the theater 's stage almost crushing the innocent actors and causing a dangerous stampede in the audience . Instead of being flogged for this life threatening stupidity he is met with adulations and the words `` You 're a genius ! `` Birds obsess on avenging the murder of their bird friends.Finally by the end there is no logic behind the motives or actions of the killer or the heroin.Silly distractions and contrivances : Every time there is a murder annoying heavy metal music breaks out.Cheap lighting affects , camera angles and moving cams are chopped into the film wily-nily only to distract from the suspense.The killer 's brain is seen intermittently throbbing when he is on the prowl - this is highlighted by a shaky cam and heart beat accompaniment - an inane cliche.The editing lingers far too long on gore effects - destroying their impact and allowing the audience too much time to analyze and discuss and laugh at the fake blood , rubber knives , and latex.Some very good actors come off as amateurish due to hokey dialogue , dubbing and ludicrous situations.The film simply seems like a rag tag bunch of familiar Argento hooded killer clich&eacute;s , slice-em-up vignettes , and M-TV video contrivances mechanically chopped together . The effect is that it creates a very goofy , unmoving , annoying and uneven film.Operas pluses : Top grade photography , set design , and costumes.A good line up of actors -LRB- its not their fault that they come off badly -RRB- . A great opera house setting.Superb opera music.One memorable scene . A bullet traveling through a peep hole , into an eye a head and a telephone.Some interesting and original twists on the Phantom of the Opera theme . * Spoiler - In particular - -LRB- and I wonder if anyone noticed -RRB- the phantom is good looking , low key and polite only becoming disfigured and deranged after his identity is known.Anchor Bay has provided a beautiful picture and Dolby 5.1 sound.The film is compelling only due to its out and out flamboyance.Bottom lineI can recommended Opera to those still curious about Dario Argento 's work -LRB- I admit that I 'm one of them -RRB- . But Opera is no Deep Red , or even The Bird with the Crystal Plumage for that matter . For non Argento fans - the film will probably be a tedious experience with a high unintentional cringe and laugh factor - all for the wrong reasons.Note : Someone should do a study on the films of David Lynch and Dario Argento . There might be little difference on paper . Argento and Lynch can both be incomprehensible , campy , metaphysical , and phantasmagorical . Lynch works in film noir with elements of horror . Argento works in horror with elements of film noir . Both Lynch an Argento films often present us with some original film making angles not encountered before . Both directors use excellent photographers but only in Lynch 's films - is the camp , humor , weirdness , the fantastic and the cryptic deliberate , calculated and meticulously seamed into the film . This means that for the most part a Lynch film consistently works while only sporadic parts of most an Argento film works .
 Maybe I am just getting tired of Argento ' work but every other his movie I watch seems worse and worse . Yes , as with other Argento movies a cynematography is unusual , but when this does n't accompany anything else you start to question the meaning of this creativity . The plot is absurd , acting is horrible -LRB- the actress playing the main character is the worst -RRB- , suspense is minimal . Even gore , that I personally do n't care much about but which should be there according to the genre , is totally unimpressive . Plus , it 's plainly boring .
 Dario Argento 's `` Opera '' is a skillful piece of filmmaking , as are the vast majority of his movies . The central problem with Argento 's giallos -LRB- and most giallos in general -RRB- is this
 Opera -LRB- Dario Argento , 1987 -RRB- It is a matter of some debate where , exactly , Dario Argento 's career began to go so horribly wrong . Pretty much every Argento fan I know is in agreement that he was consistently making fantastic films at least until 1977 -LRB- and his two finest , Profondo Rosso and Suspiria , are getting high-profile Hollywood reboots next year , with the latter directed by David Gordon Green and the former by no less a personage than Argento 's pal George Romero -RRB- . The fan base begins to drop around Inferno , which shares the cheesiness of Suspiria 's ending but does n't quite manage to pull it off as well as it was in that one . From there it 's a gradual slide until you get to 1996 and The Stendahl Syndrome , which I 've heard more than a few people say is his last good film . -LRB- There are still a few diehards who are willing to go to bat for Non Ho Sonno . I have yet to hear anyone try and defend anything he 's done since The Card Player , with one exception
 Thus far the worst Dario Argento film I 've seen , Terror at the Opera concerns a female opera singer who falls prey to a mysterious stalker . -LRB- It 's not as much like The Phantom of the Opera as it sounds . -RRB- It contains Argento 's trademarked style and atmosphere , but it fails to improve the storyline and it especially does n't make up for the terribly lame ending scene . END
 I am giving this movie 2 stars merely for the fact that it confused the HELL out of me and managed to leave me with way too many minor issues to truly love it.The movie is about a young Opera understudy who finally gets a shot as the lead in a rather dramatic stage production of Macbeth , when the prima-donna star is hit by a car.Argento is a HIGHLY skilled director and his movies are extremely eerie and visually stunning . Even the dizzying , odd angles that make you feel sick are there for a reason . He is an amazingly morbid creator of the macabre . A talented visionary who knows how to extract fear from a viewer . A master of horror.However , Opera had WAY too many weird character reactions for me to truly love it.For one , if you were tied up and forced to watch people get butchered while you had needles taped to your eye balls , would your first instinct be to run off and take a walk in the rain ? The main character was WAYYYYYYY too nonchalant about the terror that was unfolding . Would n't you run and get help ? Would n't you be a little more disturbed about what had just happened in front of your own very eyes ? But , alas , she just takes a leisurely stroll in the rain and goes home to rest-Like nothing happened!And what was up with the weirdo costume maker who is getting attacked and acting like she 's being tickled ? I 've never seen a victim in a horror movie LESS scared than this woman-it was kind of strange and I 'm still not sure if it was the actress or the actual scene that left me baffled.Then there was the weird little girl who had a passage to the main characters apartment where she would spy on her and listen to her sing ... and when our heroine finds this out she merely chuckles and shrugs it off ... UMMMMM , would n't you be a little more upset if you found out someone had been spying on your private life at home all the time ??? She sure was n't ! If there is one thing Dario does well it 's GORE ! You watch his films expecting the worst of death-scenes ... and he almost always delivers ! He uses it in such APPROPRIATE ways ... He does n't use it just to be gory or gross people out . He uses it as a means to freak you out and show you how brutal death can actually be . The goriest of the scenes would be a knife stabbing upwards into a man 's neck and you can see the blade cutting up through his mouth-Reminiscent of the Heart slicing scene in Suspiria . It was brutal ! But , I never view his gore scenes and question why he did it or complain that it was too much.I will always wonder if actual ravens were killed in the `` raven massacre '' scene . Some of that looked oddly real and I could n't help but remember the mouse-eating scene in Inferno-where a cat kills and eats a live mouse -LRB- which you can see struggling in the mouth of the cat until it dies -RRB- - which always bothered me . But , I was glad those screeching ravens got some revenge at the end!I could go on and on about scenes that bothered me ... but , I wo n't . This movie would have gotten 3 maybe even 4 stars if not for those strange character issues and inconsistancies.The end scene reminded me of The Sound Of Music with a twisted sister soundtrack . I did n't understand the heroine 's `` I LOVE NATURE ! '' outlook after her final attack . It was just odd . It did bring me flashbacks of Jennifer Connelly in Phenomena though.Overall , It was a really weird movie to me and it left me a little empty inside . Give it a try if you have seen other Argento films and are familiar with his filmmaking .
 I want to know about the The Chameleons -LRB- UK -RRB- music DVD , not the Russian movie the entry mixes in . 1 star because the page is useless .
 I bought this item because of the cast , and it is admittedly a pleasure to watch them in performance . But there are too many excellent heist movies and TV series out there -LRB- the two ITALIAN JOBs , THE STING , $ with Warren Beatty , even a near-noir morality tale from the pre-Code Thirties called THE WRONG ROAD , and such box sets as MISSION IMPOSSIBLE and HUSTLE -RRB- that this one ca n't compete . It 's not only slow , but slow in sewer full of liquid offal -- not the most pleasant place to spend one 's movietime .
 Funny movie , a little wayout ! Just wanted to buy it because Tab Hunter was in it .
 OK . This movie was just bad . So bad I had to get a thesaurus to adequately communicate the stench ... a stench so foul I still have my windows open to clear the air -LRB- even though it 's 14 degrees out tonight -RRB- : abominable , amiss , atrocious , awful , bad news , beastly , blah , bottom out , bummer , careless , cheap , cheesy , crappy , cruddy , crummy , defective , deficient , diddly , dissatisfactory , downer , dreadful , garbage , god-awful , gross , grungy , icky , inadequate , inferior , junky , lousy , not good , off , poor , raunchy , rough , sad , scuzzy , sleazeball , sleazy , slipshod , stinking , substandard , synthetic , the pits.Maybe I 'm understating it a bit , though ...
 I know it 's supposed to be bad , but I did n't know it was supposed to be useless . Nevermind the amateurish everything , that 's fine , it just was n't funny -LRB- maybe a line here or there -RRB- . Not inspired just dumb , keep your cult . John Waters still seems like a great guy though .
 I get it that this is a cult movie for afficionados of John Waters.None of that changes the fact that it has not aged well , despite the fact that Tab Hunter IS kind of cute.Okay , I do kind of like the `` odorama '' gimmick . But that 's not enough to redeem this seedy , pseudo-subversive film . I do understand that the obvious charges against it -- sad , sorry , sexist , stupid , stereotyped , shoddy , etc. -- are beside the point ; the response from defenders can only be `` DUH ! '' Of course that 's the point . Outrage ! -LRB- with a capital O !! -RRB- But really is that enough of a point ? No , I do n't think so . This bizarre and tired film will deservedly sink to oblivion with -LRB- not very much more -RRB- time -- and good luck to it ! I would n't wish watching it on my worst enemy . Life is too short to spend ANY of it on such low-budget dreck.I definitely recommend against wasting your money here !
 Warning - Spoilers.This film was mean-spirited and depressing . There were no likable characters . This is not a dark comedy -LRB- as it 's being marketed -RRB- - it 's a very dark , depressing , and tedious drama.The portrayal of one of the lesbian characters was horribly bigoted and negative . Who wrote the script , Pat Robertson?Suicide is not art . The fact that one of the `` artists '' would incorporate an actual suicide -LRB- that she was largely responsible for -RRB- into her art was perverse . Who wants to watch a film with a scene like that?The cruelty that the characters inflicted on each other made watching this film extremely difficult . This is not entertainment . I felt just awful after finally finishing this stupid and very anti-human film.The pretentiousness of the art world was portrayed in a very fake and over-the-top manner - especially by Gillian Anderson 's terrible character and that of Christopher Lee 's . We get it , serious art collectors and artists are supposed to be ridiculous , eccentric , and snobby . Enough already . There was no need to make them into unbelievable caricatures of people who care more about pieces of art than their very own lives.Horrible film . Avoid it unless you have a negative opinion of human beings and want reconfirmation of that opinion .
 This product is defective . It gets stuck many times and is in very bad shape.I am very unhappy with this purchase . I would like to have a product that works as was advertised . How can I even consider ordering another cd under these circumstances.I emailed the Co but so far no reply.Thanks Alan
 Boogie Woogie 's US release was in one theatre for one week . Its total domestic gross was $ 2,618 . There are no critic reviews available on Metacritic.Its total foreign gross was $ 44,909 . It 's logo is an imitation of the logo for the successful and superior Boogie Nights . Do n't get ripped off .
 As it happened I watched Jess Franko movies prior to this one and I have to repeat -- I thought Jess Franko was bad but after this Boogie I 'd say-I wasted my money again . On positive note I have to admit this junk was made by professionals .
 Extremely boring movie , could n't wait for it to be over . No funny at all , just dull .
 It 's fine that they wanted to continue the story after the TV series was canceled , but I do n't think they should 've done it without the original actors . It 's bad enough to change minor characters , but they had to change Christy herself . She 's obviously the main one so they should 've stayed with Kelly Martin . If she was unavailable , they should have just let it go .
 Having read the book many times growing up & seen the CBS series , I was a bit disappointed with the movies . While great for loyal Christy fans who 're familiar with the characters & the incredible story , I agree with some other reviewers that ` newbie ' fans should n't start with the movies . The original CBS series was great !!! Although Lauren Lee Smith , Diane Ladd & Sam W. are commendable , I think Kellie Martin 's Christy , Tyne Daly 's Miss Alice & Randall Batinkoff 's David were MUCH MORE believable . At times , the acting came off a bit overly done or not enough & unfortunately , Lauren 's Christy struck me as a bit ... bland . The saving grace
 For fans of the original Christy series , this is NOT the ending . The movie is TOTALLY wrong . First of all , the main characters are completely different actors -LRB- except for the doctor -RRB- and they do n't do a good job of their parts . The setting is all wrong too , it 's so obviously not the real mission house and school . The story is wrong as well . The series left it open as to who Christy marries -LRB- we know that the original `` Christy '' , Catherine Marshall 's mother , married a preacher -RRB- . This movie , though , has her marry the doctor . That spoiled everything ! Plus , the acting is cheap . The beautiful scenery and music , the quality acting , the genuineness of all the people of Cutter Gap is missing . If you are a fan of the original Christy series , STAY AWAY FROM THIS !
 but not due to the storyline . I absolutely loved the tv series `` Christy '' when it first debuted with Kellie Martin and Tyne Daly . I was very , very annoyed when this wonderful , witty , romantic , dramatic , and all around exceptional show was canned.I was dubious at first when I learned some `` Christy '' tv movies were coming out but I was willing to sit down and watch one to see if it held the same magic for me as the series held . Unfortunately , the magic that had me bowled over week after week with the series was not present in the movies.Don ' t get me wrong , the tv movies might be of the highest quality and caliber but , for me at least , Kellie Martin will always be Christy . Tyne Daly will always be Miss Alice and Randall Batinkoff will always be David . These actors are forever going to embody the characters of the wonderful tv show which was `` Christy '' and no substitutes will do.Which brings me to my real purpose of writing this review . PLEASE ... I 'M BEGGING the powers-that-be to release the `` Christy '' television show on DVD with all its episodes . The series is the only `` Christy '' that I 'm interested in .
 This mini-series takes advantage of the fans ' interest in the love triangle . Two different endings were shot , so that not even the actors knew who Christy would choose . Unfortunately , this decision to keep the viewer guessing until the final scene makes Christy looks like a flake . By the time this soap opera ended , I did n't care about Christy 's fate ; I was feeling too sorry for both the men in her life . Catherine Marshall 's characters deserve better . Stewart Finlay McLennan is excellent as Neil ; I wish he had an experienced actress playing Christy and a script worthy of his talent .
 They took a great series and killed it in these movies ! The acting was horrible and I ca n't even begin to understand the casting choices . The only redeeming quality was the return of the doctor . If you liked the series do n't watch these .
 The new `` Christy '' was ok . But the original cast with Kelly Martin and Tyn Daly will alway be Christy and Miss Alice . I just thought that the girl they got to play Christy was so bland and calm when the Character was actually a little more fiesty . But that was n't even my main problem with it . My problem was that they had replaced all the character 's which is fine , but if your going to do that . Then replace all that characters . Dr.Mcneil is played by that same actor that was in the telvision series . He had chemistry with Kelly Martin . You knew those two . They had no history with him and `` NEW CHRISTY '' . It just did n't seem right to have him played by the same man and everyhting around him different . I might have enjoyed it more if they had gotten a different actor b/c then I would n't thought through the whole thing , NO THIS WRONG . We watched the series as him and Kelly battled and domewhat flirted and You were so upset when they left you hanging . But to add new people and then keep him . Just was n't right ...
 Personally , I absolutly hated this movie . I am a fan of the original serries with Kellie Martin and Randall Batinkoff and at first I was excited someone was finally continuing the story of Christy and yet sad they were n't in it but because of the ending of this particular movie , I 'm GLAD they were n't in it . If they were in it , I would dislike the movie even more because I wanted to see them get together . The reason I disliked this movie will give away the ending and I do n't want to do that for the people who have yet to watch it but let me just say , the guy who played David is a very good actor and at the end of the movie when he was on his horse , I wanted to cry just looking at the expression on his face . It was gut wrenching . And for `` Christy '' to juggle the hearts of 2 men and later to `` give one back '' was disgusting . Women should n't toy with men 's feelings and this movie does just the thing . I was really , really disappointed with the ending of this movie .
 As far as the three Christy DVD 's that you are selling , I think they stink . I lived in Tennessee when they were filming the original series , and this is not the original . Amazon should let customers know that these DVD 's are remakes of the original series .
 Geez , What is this ? Marrying a girl 30 years your junior . Give me a break.Christy obviously needs someone to knock some sense into her head . Why does n't she choose the preacher/fiance ' . The one she chose is soooo old . Makes no sense . I have the other 2 dvd 's as well and watched them both before this one in order to keep the theme intact but am very disappointed . I was so looking forward to her and David being to gether but obviously it 's not to be.There is absolutely no chemistry between Christy and her father figure . I think I would rather go back to my favorite `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Avonlea '' at least she came to her senses and chose one that she could grow with instead of the May/December -LRB- Old man wanting young inexperienced lady -RRB- relationship . Oh well ...
 I was so excited to get this movie because I loved the TV show . I watched it once and I will never watch it again . It was like watching a bad home made movie and do n't get me started on the acting !
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews on here , these movies were not very good . It actually hurt to watch them . The actors who relaced Fairlight , David , and Miss Alice are just not very good at all . I REALLY wish I would not have bought them . Stuart Finlay-McLennan is the ONLY reason that I bought these , to see how the love story ended . I should have stuck with the book , which the ending is enough for me now .
 I really liked the TV show and was disappointed when Pax stopped showing it and was happy when I read that they were making new movies and I tried to watch this movie but just could n't get into it and was really bored but maybe I will try and watch it again sometime and maybe it will grow on me !
 As other reviewers have noted , this movie makes Christy look like a flake , juggling the hearts of two men until she decides which one to `` give back '' . This is a stark contrast to Catherine Marshall 's novel Christy , about a young woman selflessly searching for Truth , even in the face of adversity.The movie also makes Dr. MacNeill look like a flake . A repentant flake , but a flake nonetheless . This is quite different from Dr. MacNeill as portrayed in both the novel and the TV series . In an online interview given just before the movie came out , the actor who played Dr. MacNeill was asked who he thought Christy should marry . He replied that speaking as himself , he thought she should marry David , but that speaking as MacNeill she should marry MacNeill . I thought that was odd , for him not to be rooting for his own character , until I saw the movie . In the movie MacNeill acts as though the world somehow revolves around him , giving him the right to meddle in the lives of others for personal selfish reasons . No wonder even the actor playing him thought that Christy should marry the other guy!To avoid giving a spoiler to the plot , I will just say that although you find out who Chisty chooses , in the end she chooses him for all the wrong reasons , based on emotional whim and fancy , rather than on a deep , soul-searching commitment . Thus the ending is far from satisfying . If you feel you must watch this movie , I recommend requesting it from your local public library . I suspect that someone has already donated a copy which they have no desire to watch again . ; -RRB-
 To be blunt , Laura Lee Smith 's Christy is petulant and immature . I like Diane Ladd as an actress , but her portrayal of Alice Henderson is bland.Thumbs up to the men -- Stewart Finaly-McLennan and James Waterson . Also , Dale Dickey did a great job with the role of Opal McHone and I thought Emily Perkins and Olivia Kelly were outstanding as Zady Spencer and Ruby Mae -LRB- respectively.The script could have provided a much better transitions in several place . Most notably , we see the good-by to one beau . It would have been more emotionally satisfying to see her say `` YES ! '' to the other.While some performances were excellent , the movie must stand on the overall performance of the cast , director and screenwriters . With Christy and Alice being so central to the story , it simply does n't make it.We all knew who she would end up with , anyway , did n't we ??? Much better to go back and watch the CBS series or better yet , read the book !
 My mother and I both agree that Kellie Martin is the best Christy ! The original TV series was the best . The PAX movies were so awful ! There is no chemistry between Dr. McNeil and Christy -LRB- Lauren Lee Smith -RRB- . Diane Ladd is lame as Miss Alice , Tyne Daly was the perfect fit for the part . David , wow , what can we say , but to be brutally honest , James Waterston should give up acting altogether ! He was no comparison to Randall Batinkoff as David . Stewart Finlay-McLennan is the best and only Dr. McNeil , hands down ! We were so glad Christy ended up choosing him , but unfortunately , we will never have the pleasure of seeing him marry the real Christy , Kellie Martin !! BOO HOO : -LRB- The original actors were great , including Levar Burton , Tess Harper , Emily Schulmman , and Judy Collins . The actors in the PAX movies were almost all different , and none of the new actors even remotely looked like the old ones , which for us , really took away from the characters . The attempt by PAX to revive the Christy series to give viewers the answer they had been waiting for , was at best , a disappointment . I would n't waste your money on these movies ! Instead , buy the TV series on DVD and leave the wedding to your imagination : -RRB-
 As a christian movie , I think they should always be honest & truthful . Christy -LRB- who was actually Catherine Marshall 's mother , Leonora Whitaker Wood -RRB- DID NOT MARRY THE DOCTOR , SHE MARRIED THE PREACHER , JOHN WOOD ! I found this out by reading Catherine 's book , `` MEETING GOD AT EVERY TURN '' . I know they probably bought the rights to the movie , but still should n't they have been truthful ?
 Perhaps not the best example of British sci-fi from the 70 's set in 2003 on a European and American manned moonbase , this series debuted in 1973 approximately three years after Gerry Anderson 's `` UFO '' and aired one year before `` Space 1999 . '' Produced by `` Dr. Who '' Barry Letts and writer Terrance Dicks , one would expect great things form this talented team and a series with James Burke -LRB- `` Connections '' and `` The Day the Universe Changed -RRB- , as a technical advisor.Sadly , this is not the case with `` Moonbase 3 . '' Talky , pretentious , and dull , with laughable special effects along with flimsy sets , `` Moonbase 3 '' tries hard to realistically portray the daily life and hazards on the moon , yet manages to fall flat on its face most of the time . Some of the episodes like `` Outsiders '' and `` Castor and Pollux '' are tense and interesting dramas -- the former about a manic depressive scientist on the base who contemplates suicide , and the latter , about a nailbiting space rescue from a capsule.The minatures used on the series are no better than the average kit you can find at your local hobby store , and the characters protrayed by the actors seem to spend the majority of their time fighting among themselves rather than the elements that threaten their lives on the moonbase . Likewise , the actors portraying the American team are quite laughable with their forced and embarassing `` southern '' accents -LRB- Why do the British insist that every American must sound like a untalented and shoddy understudy of Big Daddy in `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof ? '' -RRB- Donald Houston is admirable as the commander of this troupe of generally unknown British actors -LRB- with the exception of Ralph Bates from the Hammer horror films -RRB- , with haircuts that seem more appropriate for a amateur production of Shakespeare 's `` Richard III . '' Notwithstanding the interesting premise that producer Gerry Anderson would turn into a short-lived and dubious success a year later with `` Space 1999 , '' `` Moonbase 3 '' is clearly an also ran in the annals of British sci-fi , appropriately regulated to the void of deep space .
 REPETITIVE FOOTAGE . VERY DRY . I AM A HUGE FAN OF CARLIN , BUT THIS COLLECTION IS NOT WORTH OWNING ! SAVE YOUR MONEY ...
 Ever since seeing his 90 's work I 've been a fan , so it was with great hopes that I unpacked this collection . After viewing the first DVD I was thinking that he has really improved since that and hoped for the next discs to be better.Unfortunately , it turns out that they all contain pretty much the same jokes and even the George Carlin favourites is mostly a rehash of the previous three discs . I have a feeling that this will never leave my bookshelf again . My advice ? Stay with the more recent material ...
 Overall I must say this was a wierd movie . Now I saw the description on the guide and it said it was twisted . So , ok I like twisted . Well the twisted part was ok , but the film making was awful . I think this would make for a real good movie in the right hands .
 This is definitely not a `` feel-good '' gay movie . . its a glimpse of a sick and twisted person exploiting a drug addict for his pleasure . Not a movie you walk away from feeling good about seeing it .
 This one is led by Cory , a red-haired , muscular guy who looks to have had taken dance classes . It 's the usual non-decorated large room w/concrete floors . The lighting , camera & editing are good . There are two backup women who TRY to follow along , who I feel bad for . Cory only repeats new moves , only sometimes does some moves in 1/2 speed & only cues w/minimal words as possible . He does n't ever actually explain anything . You 'd have to be a dance student or be comfortable/know basic hip hop to do this , and I do n't meant just other hip hop workout dvds.Fairly in the beginning , after a couple hops , he turns & pops his knee 2x ? w/extra step flourish . Never does he mention the pop in the knee , etc. to make it look cool , rather then just a simple , boring half turn . Several times the girls were lost & the girls could n't do the knees pops either , they just did the best they could , sometimes even totally lost here & there . Cory seem more interested in showing off what he 's learned then teaching .
 Return of the Living Dead 3 is a tale of love with a zombie twist . Curt loves Julie so much that when she is killed he goes down to where his father works and brings her back to life . The only way I remember seeing this is they ran it on sci-fi network and I saw bits and pieces of it . Also , the movie poster is when I remember from my childhood when renting vhs was a part of culture . Anyway , I watched the rater R version of this movie and it really sucked . It looked like they held back so much and i 'm hoping to see an uncut dvd of this soon . The main character , Curt , is very annoying and just makes me want to turn this film off . He loves Julie so much and keeps her alive even though she is a zombie . Julie looked hot though and with less then half an hour left , she looked smoking hot in a sick , twisted way . The end of this film made me go wow , what a piece of trash!Overall , a few enjoyable parts but unrated version would have been better to watch .
 This movie just plain blows . If I could give it 0 stars I would . Yuck ... do n't waste your time . Either get the first two Return Of movies , or get the Romero trilogy ... do n't waste your hard earned dollar on this piece of tripe .
 wow this movie sucked bad its just about some girl who turns into a zombie and the movie is just plain boring .
 the movie started out great but then it was just boring.Dont get me wrong I love blood , guts and gore but the movie was boring there was like only one zombie the guys girlfriend.But the other zombies were in that government thing.Too boring to watch.I saw this on scifi channel .
 what the hell is this !!! Do n't see this movie at all.I do n't know what these people are on , but do n't believe their lies.the story goes when this kid and his mental girlfriend are in a motercycle accident and the kid 's girlfriend dies so he brings her back with 2-4-5 trixon.get this know the zombies eat flesh -LRB- you heard me , `` flesh `` not brains but `` flesh '' -RRB- . if you own this movie take it out to the back yard and eighther shoot it with a BB gun or burn it .
 I have to say that this was a real disappointment . I am a big fan of the first two films , but after viweing this one , it seemed as if the creative team was running short on ideas . THe heroine of the story is infected , and eventually dies ... ok , thats acceptable . Then she comes back to save to save her boyfriend ... hmmmm ... However the worst part of the film is when she returns , she has for some reason decided to adorn herself with bits of glass and metal that she stuck in herself . This film loses momentum minute by minute . A terrible conclusion to a fine series . ONe can only hope that a fourth installment is released to save this series !
 This film is a complete departure from the 1st two `` Return `` movies . Whereas the first two movies in the series are funspoofs of the genre , this film attempts to compete withthe Romero films as a legitimate addition to the deadseries . It fails in that respect miserably . Do n't wasteyour time or money on Return of Dead 3 .
 Brian Yuzna is what George Lucas is to the Star Wars prequals . He `` almost '' pulled off Re-Animator in feel , if only it did not come across like a TV Soap Opera.He made Society , which I guess was making a social commentary , but without ANY Romero wit , let alone character development , or reason at times.He made Re-Animator 3 , and packed that with layer upon layer of bad acting , and boring script.I dunno , I realy feel that this guy lacks talent , he 's like some 10 year old who 's only passion is to drool over b-rate latex effects , which I 've got to admit are always interesting , and once and a while actually good like Evil Dead good , but the story and characters always suck.This movie happens to feature the army who now wants to enhance the zombies , and give them ex-skelotons and the like , and make them into un-stopable war machines . Anyhow , the boy 's father works for the army , and he steals his dad 's security pass , and sneaks himself and his immature confused goth/pop girly friend , and stumbles upon an experiment with the living dead , eventually he runs away from daddy , wrecks into a pole , kills his chick , revives , her , she becomes sadistic , they go on and adventure in south centeral and battle cheesey 80 's stereo typical latino gang members who as usually hang out at 7/11 , drinking slurpyies , and playing pac-man whith there whores . And so the movie goes on . The only thing I like about this film is some of the effects , as b-gore is always great , unless ruined by horrible plot , casting , and acting , which is the case here no doubt!The bumb is awsome too , infact he is one of the coolest characters to ever grace the horror movie screens!If you do n't know by now , 4 and 5 are on there way , and they are going to suck ! Tobe Hooper was trying to direct them , but instead they hand the crap over to the guy who directed 8 Legged Freaks . I guess they assume that the masses want it to suck like 2 and 3 , rather than amaze as part 1 did !?!? THIS FRANCHISE IS DEAD ! Though fun if you got a blunt and nothing better to do . Just for the gore .
 This movie had very few zombies -LRB- except for the end -RRB- , and the zombies were all weird looking , not like normal zombies . And the main girl zombie can talk and run . A zombie does not run ! This movie gets 2 stars because of the zombies that raid the scientific complex thingy at the end .
 While part 2 brought back a lot of the great comedy elements from the original , this one hardly has anything in common with any of the earlier entries.The army is experimenting with the zombie gas and when a teenager looses his girlfriend in a motorbike accident he stupidly decides to use the toxic gas to bring her back again . Not smart ... She slowly turns into a starving zombie and chews up everyone in sight except her boyfriend.First of all , Julie seem very human after been exposed to the gas while the other pepole who were infected by the gas or bitten imediatly became rabid zombies . And if this is brain-eating zombies , then why are pepole beign bitten so often in necks and limbs ? The zombies in the barrels looks awful and dose n't remind very mutch of Tarman from part 1 or 2 at all . Brian Yuzna tried to create a zombie version of Romeo and Julie with this grose and disturbing mess.It seems like they were trying to top Linnea Quigley 's performance from the first film and this was the best they could come up with . You ca n't top Linnea Quigley 's performance . If you loved the Re-animator movies , this is perhaps something for you . But if you 're a true fan of the original , then skip this -LSB- stuff -RSB- .
 I was way into the return of the living dead series when i rented this . I started off with number 2 -LRB- whcih people here seem to hate for some reason -RRB- , then was blown away when I saw number 1 . I rented number 3 with pretty high expectations . I was expecting a zombie holocaust type situation -LRB- even if it was only in one town -RRB- along with a descent amount of comedy.It turns out its a love story . * spoiler * the main character accidently kills his girlfriend in a motorcycle accident . guilt stricken he brings her back with the chemical from previous return films he gets out of his daddys lab . When his gf is brought back she struggles between the urge to eat brains and her love for the main character * / spoiler * . Its an interesting take on the zombie genre , with some good gore.Its huge flaws are that it never seems to end when it should -LRB- it would have gotten another start for being shorter -RRB- and for trying to be too serious . The whole ` my daddys a military guy who has a secret lab ' thing is done pretty cheesily , along with a lot of other things , yet it tries so hard to be serious . I seriously wasnt expecting that from a ` return ' film , I expected my ` return ' films to be fun and gruesome . Deffinently rent it tho , if for no other reason than to see the chick who plays a bitchy mom on the OC shove glass into her own boob -LRB- yeah , you read that right -RRB- .
 I have Return Of The Living Dead 3 uncut and unrated on VHS . Why upgrade to the cut `` R '' rated DVD ? This disk is damaged goods in my opinion , and with all the companies striving to restore films for DVD , releasing a movie in it 's cut form just shows me that the manufacturer is more interested in making a quick buck than a quality product . VHS may not have the picture quality of DVD , but at least it 's complete.Scott R
 Well I was very dissapointed to find a major misprint on the Dvd that it listed the running time of 97 minutes yet it is the one minute shorter R-rated version of the film . However MGM now owns all rights to ROTLD , and yes there is rumor of another Return but not a part 4 so to speak but a prequel . Part 3 had it 's moments , as I sit and write this review I am looking at the movie poster with a heavily pierced Mindy Clarke Staring at me , The Moments it did have were far and few between . This is in my opinion not a worthy sequel to the series do to the ill-fated Romeo And Juliet back Story , Sorry but Zombies and Romance hardly go Hand in Hand . I waited 5 years for this sequel and even drove to Philadelphia to see it on the Big Screen . Yes it was better than Part 2 as far as it abandoned the over the top camp that was a very special Part of Part 2 , but had trouble sticking to the mythology of Dan O ' Bannons Original . It is a good edition to any Dvd collection but will not sit well with True `` Return Fans '' . The Special features are not that good , it only contains the Video Release trailer , and other trailers of horrible Trimark movies clutter what could have been behind the scenes features , and the commentary is just blabber . However an interesting note is that the budget was only 1 million dollars for set design and you can see they did spend it they best they could , but it did have a 3 million budget they could have spent a little more . The DP did a very good job with the lighting of the film , it comes across very crisp and clean , The audio track is Dolby Surround and the Score in the film was very good , However the Poor romance story in the film needed to be cut and the producers should have stuck with the original formula which made the Return series a cult fave .
 Ok first off they should have only made return of the living dead 1 and ended it there it was by far the best out of the three . Ok part three wasnt as bad as part 2 there were a few good moments . I rember seening this when it came out in 1993 poping it in the vcr seening the military scene thinking this is going to be good and then it fell flat . With only a few more good moments in it keep the testing scene and ending dump the rest the part were the store owner turns is ok but they do not show her feasting on him . And him attacking the cops was ok but besides that it was flat and boring they could have done so much more with this . The story for the orginal was they eat brains to stop there pain but in the ending he gets bit on the arm shows his father the bite and kills himself because he will turn can you say rip off !! I cant belive they would even try and add Romero 's mind into this . And the directors twist that she inflects pain on her self so she wont kill is just down right stuiped . It was explaned in the first instaulment that rigamortis was the cause of there pain and hunger to get electrons from the brain and if this one would of fallowed the greeatness of the first she would have killed him in the beginingof the film but the director had to be orginal and mess it up.I highly doubt there will ever be a forth film i hope there isntunless they act like 2 and 3 were never made and stick to the orignal story . Well when they release return of the living dead 3 uncut on dvd it might be intresting to see what gory stuff they cut out but dont waste your money and buy it rent it
 I saw the film and was very dissapointed . It was completely different than the 2 parts before . All of my friends told me that this film 'd be bad , but I did n't believe it 'till I saw it . I hoped it would be better because the first part was definitely the best horrorfilm ever made .
 Never too keen on zombie movies , but I checked out the video cover and it looked pretty good in a tongue-in-ghoulish-cheek way , but what we get is a sort of ` Romeo and Juliet ' scenario , in an abysmal zombie flick . The F/X are not too brilliant and the characters can be somewhat empty and un-interesting . However Mindy ` The Killer Tongue ' Clarke is very , very sexy -LRB- for a zombie ! -RRB- and it had a nice touch with acclaimed horror director Anthony Hickox -LRB- Warlock
 `` Return of the Living Dead 2 '' remains one of my favourite horror comedies . It 's a rare treat when a movie manages to spoof its genre and itself while keeping the characters believable and the story from degrading into just an excuse for gags.I knew that `` Return of the Living Dead 3 '' was a more `` serious '' zombie flick , and I thought it might be an interesting twist on this series -- RoLD1 was semi-serious , RoLD2 was over-the-top comedy , and RoLD3 sounded like it was going to get back to basics . It 's too bad the writers and directors of this film mistook `` serious '' for `` flat and uninspired . '' `` Return of the Living Dead 3 '' could have been a twisted version of `` Romeo and Juliet , '' in addition to a creepy zombie flick , but it fails to be either of those . The film has most the hallmarks of the previous flicks , but virtually none of the flaire . There is a sense that most of the cast are just going through motions . The acting is mostly weak , the characters are mostly uninteresting , the story is painfully predicatable , and all of these add up to a movie that most viewers simply would be bored watching . -LRB- I know I was ! -RRB- There are two things that are worthwhile in this film
 i liked the first2 rotld movies but this one is not as fun as the others.There are few zombies in this movie but okay special effex if you are watching the unrated version
 somehow a 1 star rating seems a little too high . And considering that Troma Studios actually made movies better than this is even more disturbing . This movie has an amazingly cheesy story that defames the term `` plot '' , the characters are flat and one-dimensional , and the zombies behave almost like normal humans . The best part of the movie is when the Army brat and his girlfriend go into the incinerator because then you know the movie is finally over . If you want to see a zombie movie , Please see Night of the Living Dead -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . That movie at least has redeeming qualities , such as plot , depth , good acting , chemistry among the characters , and constant intensity . If you want to see an annoying waste of film , watch this . Otherwise , give this `` film '' a wide berth and spend your money on a good , or at least tolerable , film .
 If you like these kind of movies like I do then you probably have bad taste -LRB- peter jackson is a genius -RRB- as it is , but if you like this 3rd installment then you have Michael Bolton bad taste . NOTD3 had nothing that made the first two so good . There were no mass of zombies taking over a town , no zombies spouting off funny one liners and worst of all , how could they not bring back Frank and Freddie after making them the stars of the first two . The other reviews talk about what made 3 so much better than 2 is that the plot was so different from the 1st and I say that is exactly what makes this film so bad . The only way you will like this film more is if you got a necro thing going on .
 I just watched this movie for the second time , in many , many years . I first saw it when it first came out , and I remember I did not like it back then . I recently found out a 4th and 5th installment where made , so I decided to check out the first 3 to refresh my memory before checking out 4 & 5 . Well , I only recalled bits and pieces , but yup , same conclusion as all those years ago when I first saw it . This time around , some army guys are experimenting with the zombie chemicals from the barrels -LRB- as in the barrels from the first two movies -RRB- . One of the scientists on the team 's on steals his security card and breaks into the facility with his girlfriend to find out what they are doing there . They discover his father is using the chemical to bring back the dead , and to experiment on a way to destroy them when they do reanimate.The son ends up having an argument with his father , and he runs away with his girlfriend on his motorbike . However , they have a bike accident that kills his girlfriend . And in desperation he takes her body to the facility and brings her back using the zombie chemical . Now she is back , but she is a zombie , and she too wants brains . And anyone she bites , will become a zombie too.Out of all the 4 ROTLD movies , this one is my least favorite . That 's including parts 4 & 5 . In each of the movies , there are some pretty lame scenes and acting , but this one seems to take the cake . Mostly it comes from the starring zombie role of whomever she is playing her . She really does and acts in some pretty nauseating ways . Some say this was the goriest version of the 5 movies . But you know what , I do n't care , gore does not make a movie great . This one 's ending was the worst of them all too . Even tho it stayed more truer to the first two movies then the next two , it still had moments of WTF about it . Why bother to do this , only to end up like this and that , seeing the movie for yourself , you will understand what I mean by that.In my collection , sometimes I like to just have all the movies to complete a collection , but sometimes I make an exception , and I would never have bothered to purchase Robocop 3 or Police Academy 7 had they not come in box sets with all the movies . If the Return of the Living Dead came in a box set , I would have bought it , provided it contained all 5 movies , or parts 2 to 5 or whatever , but these movies are all individual , and I am glad I did not pay money for this 3rd movie with it 's horrible made in the early 90 's stupid futureistic-wanna-be silo facilities with fluorescent stage lighting with Star Trek sliding doors all the place that are supposed to be top secret facilities . Also in this film , you have come to expect to see zombies come back from the dead , in bone and flesh form , but this movie failed to bring anyone dead back apart from the main girl . Everyone else was just infected by a bite and the best you get is a guy with his dead on his exposed spine . It really felt like they had a small budget and this film was not all it could have been visually . And again , they really needed some better actors , most where just annoying and did not take their roles serious enough to pull off a great B-grade horror comedy .
 How many ways can we re-package and sell the same terrible prints and insipid soundtracks?Well , the great rip-off continues . These are early Chaplin films taken from lousy prints and with random awful soundtracks added on . This is cheap for a reason . Unfortunately , all the dvds of the Keystone films use the same crummy sources for the films , so until somebody gets off their duff and restores these fine films , we have to deal with this . But we do n't have to like it !! Do n't buy these dvds . Do n't encourage these guys .
 The two stars given are only because I love Charlie Chaplin . As for this collection , most of the pictures are in bad condition and the heads are cut off of the majority of Charlie 's earlier classics . It makes it very frustrating to watch . I would pay a bit more and go for a company that cares , not one that just wants a quick buck !
 Although it 's cheap , having closed-captioned feature together with English subtitle will make a good appeai to younger generation into watching this classic movies . And of course , the picture quality is `` kinda OK '' -LRB- Whaddaya expect from movies produced in 1914 ? -RRB- . If you 're into Charlie Chaplin & just like to have him on affordable & cheap DVD , pls help yourself to buy this . Otherwise , forget it . Regards , Irwan Shah from Malaysia .
 Though I enjoy this movie , I found the DVD version to be awful . It looks like they cranked up the compression , as there is a ton of compression artifacting . I could barely stand to watch the DVD in some places due to the little dancing color squares . If you are a fan of Sneakers , get the VHS version and avoid the DVD .
 While I have seen this movie many many times , and I consider it one of the greatest of all time . I purchased the DVD to replace a lost copy . I received a 24 hour rental as well . Little did I know that if I am not a Kindle or Apple fan that I am not allowed to watch this video on my device or even on my computer it seems.Very displeased , and will not order another video or DVD for that matter from Amazon . I also ordered `` Hackers '' at the same time in video format , cant even download it to watch on my local machine . No different than the lock-in provided by iTune 's . From now on if it is not in the Google Play store I will order a DVD and burn a digital copy for the mobile devices . Way to go Amazon , the # 1 selling Mobile OS -LRB- Android -RRB- that has allowed you to prosper in the Mobile market has been locked out from your services . Thanks . At least I had free two day shipping so I can have the DVD to watch this weekend .
 Sneakers is , without a doubt , one of my all time favorite movies . However , this DVD has some serious problems if you intend to view it on a PC DVD-ROM drive . A file allocation error renders the first half of the movie unreadable to most PC DVD drives -LRB- precise technical details are widely availible on the internet -RRB- . This is not a problem for most standalone players . So if you 're like me and use your PC as your DVD player , I 'd suggest looking into the VHS edition .
 I do n't typically order DVDs online , but this one was back-ordered at Movie Stop for 6 weeks , so I took a leap of faith . To my disappointment , upon watching the DVD I realized it has several parts where it skips entire scenes .
 I have been out of town so recently watched and the disk is faulty in ever so many ways ; jumps , returns to early story etc. . Hope to return but have not accomplished that this busy season .
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I really do n't understand how it got all these reviews . First of all , to call this movie a thriller is an insult to the genre , and it is a misnomer . The only way to enjoy this movie , if is it is possible at all , is to call it what it is
 I took a look at how they `` Profile '' some of us . None of it is a true statement , except `` Social Engineering '' That was it . It is very funny to watch what they do , and how they portray H@ck3rZ . Not even close . People that believe that any of it is true or even close to being true , you better take a look at what H@ck3rZ really are in this day and age .
 I received this disc as part of the Carlin Collection box set , and I 'm sorry to say I was rather disappointed with it . About half of the material in this compilation is culled from his other standup DVDs included in the set ! And I 'm pretty sure the other half will see digital video release in their uncut , full-hour glory in the near future . So just grab the other GC standup DVDs , and do n't worry about this one.Actually , even with this dud , the Carlin Collection Box Set is still a better deal than buying the individual platters separately . So go for the box set instead , and pay this disc no mind . Pretend it 's a complimentary coaster or mini-frisbee or something . Of course , if your curiosity 's piqued about what 's on this particular platter ... well , there 's nothing I can do to stop you , is there ? ` Late
 Episode 11 has the correct title and description but the player plays episode 10 rather than 11 . Where is episode 11 ? I really want to see how season 3 ends !
 I ca n't even say how much I loved this whole series . It 's very unusual to really care about the main characters in a sitcom , but Peter and Assumpta really got to me . Stephen Tompkinson and Dervla Kirwan were fantastic ! Which was why I was so furious at the ending . It did n't even fit in with the rest of the series and seemed to me like the writers , or whoever , were trying to get revenge on two actors who wanted to leave the show early . It left me feeling very sad and just ... . deflated . I might not have watched it at all if I 'd known this was going to happen . Not sure If I 'll order the fourth series when it comes out , or not . I 'm curious as to what happens to some of the other characters , but I 'm not sure it 's worth it .
 I , like the others , am hooked on Ballykissangel and would like to see the last episode of season 3 . At least let us know you are aware of the problem !! Episode 11 is n't really episode 11 , it 's another episode 11 . I just found out there are actually 12 episodes in season 3 . Amazon is missing episode 1 - As Happy as a Turkey on Boxing Day . So , the final episode , 12 , is missing.Here is a link that gives a brief synopsis of the episodes :[ ... -RSB-
 Just had a chat with customer service and explained customer reviews have been raising the issue about Episode 11 since June . Here 's the response : `` I 've contacted our technical specialists who should be able to provide further guidance.Situations such as this are rare , and our goal is to help resolve any problems you encounter as quickly as possible . I 'm sorry I was unable to solve this problem more quickly and will write back as soon as a resolution is available . ''
 I want to watch the final season 3 episode `` Amongst Friends '' on my Fire but it is a repeat of The Reckoning ! FIX PLEASE !!!!
 Amazon totally screwed up big time just like everyone else has said , they have episode 10 in place of episode 11 . I want to see the end of season 3 just like ever one else , so Amazon get off your lazy arse and fix it !
 I really loved this series , The story and all the people of the village , What a let down at the end of series three , what a horrible thing to do to Father Peter and Assumpta , However the acting of Father Peter was excellent , I was crying with joy when he finally told Assumpta That he loved her , and then it came all crashing down and she was dead , I will be rewatching Series 1,2,3 , but I ca n't bring myself to watching series 4 and 5 , it 's just to depressing .
 Same problem here ... I was hoping to see Ep . 11 but like the above complaints it was Ep . 10 all over again . I hope this issue can be resolved .
 After the terrific first two seasons this was a huge disappointment . Peter apparently underwent a personality transplant and spent most of the season whining and feeling sorry for himself -LRB- when he was n't out of town -RRB- . The other characters were just going through the motions , and the stories lacked the life and spark of the two previous seasons . The ending was cheap and manipulative . The whole series is spoiled for me now.I wo n't even be able watch the first two seasons again with any enjoyment .
 This is NOT Amongst Friends , but a repeat of the previous video , The reckoningCa n't Amazon check this out and correct it ? Very annoying , since it is the last of the season .
 Like all the other reviewers , I was expecting to find the last episode of this season , except all I found was episode 10 .
 Like others have reported , episode # 11 did not play when ordered - just a repeat of # 10 . What a terrible place in the series for a technical glitch !!
 I had seen most of the repeat 's on BBC Prime here in Germany and bought series 1,2 to get the full picture and now just received series 3 in the post and have also pre-ordered series 4 . I was disappointed to find Episode 9 missing , with the excuse `` regrettably , episode 9 `` The Waiting Game '' is not available on DVD ????????? . Short and sweet but why ??? I would not have boughtthe series had I known this episode was missing . Would you buy Jackson Browne 's Running on Empty without the title `` Stay `` VERY DISAPPOINTING.This missing episode should be at least mentioned by AMAZON.Com .
 This link on Amazon is the same for both Episodes 10 & 11 . Episode 10 repeats when accessing 11 , PLEASE FIX . Have called Kindle Fire snd Prime support to call this to their attention .
 Unfortunately , like others have reported episode 10 repeated rather than playing episode 11 , Amongst Friends . Would really like to know how this ends .
 Am also commenting that when trying to watch episode 11 it repeats episode 10 . I 've fallen in love with this show - and would dearly like to see how this season ends . I 'll echo another customers remark
 Please fix the problem with the final episode `` Amongst Friends '' . When you click on it , it repeats epidode 10 , `` The Reckoning '' . We want to see `` Amongst Friends '' !
 Hello Amazon!Does anyone read these reviews . If so , you may want to go back THREE MONTHS to see that Season 3 , Ep . 11 `` Amongst Friends '' is `` amongst the missing ! '' I 'm lucky enough to be able to pickup the entire Season 3 from my local library today to finish watching the season .
 I , too , have gotten addicted to BallyK ... but after Assumpa 's shocking death , I was anxious to see what happened in the last episode ... but there seems to be a problem with the episode as it replays episode 10 instead of 11 -LRB- as noted by several other viewers -RRB- . PLEASE FIX !!!! Do n't leave me hanging !!!
 Season 3 # 10 left me shocked and in tears ------- # 11 is the final episode and it is a repeat of # 10 . This is TERRIBLE !!!!! Such a wonderful series and to have a `` glitch '' at this point is totally unacceptable . PLEASE CORRECT IMMEDIATELY !
 This is a murder mystery not - as its title might lead some to suspect -- a horror movie.It centres on a series of murders taking place around the Broadway theatre world in New York . Cecil Moore is an actor-manager now based in NYC . His brother and former business manager , Jonathan , is murdered , and soon another man , a former electrician with Moore 's company is also slain . The investigation is carried out by the drama critic of a local paper , whose investigations are compicated when he falls in love with Moore 's daughter , an aspiring actress.He connives with the police to bait a trap - one aimed at catching the killer during an audition for Julius CaesarIts poorly acted , with unpersuasive motivation and a plot that makes little or no sense.Add technical inadequacies - muddy monochrome photography and sound that suggests the technicians were recording in a broom cupboard and you get a movie only likely to appeal to those who are obsessive about 40 's B-movies
 I ca n't review since I NEVER received this product ! However I was charged for it . Send it pronto and I will get back to you .
 dont know why but her material has gotten progressively worse over time . this was downright painful to listen to . I was embarrassed for her . If you make the mistake of buying this , you will hate this garbage . Not only did i order the dvd but i downloaded it from itunes as well . The copy on itunes will be deleted and the dvd will be re-gifted . Thank God I did n't take the plastic off .
 I wanted to like Cho Dependent and even set aside a Saturday night - something I do n't do that often - just to drink some wine and laugh with Margaret . She was over-the-top and seemed almost angry , at times . I have been a huge fan for at least 10 years , if not more , and have always laughed with her , marveled by her talent . Yes , she sings in Cho Dependent , but the songs were too long . Also , as much as an advocate for the gay life as anyone , I did n't need to hear about the anal-ness . I have always celebrated her as a woman but I think she may be upset with her own life , somehow , to promote so much gay as opposed to any other orientation . There were a few moments that made me chuckle , but perhaps she 's done . I think she 's brilliant , but unhappy , and that 's my two cents . Huge Disappointment !!! IF I could have given it half a star , I would have .
 This DVD is terrible . I thought the quality would be better since it is on DVD , but it is n't . Do n't waste your time or money on this one . I had `` great expectations '' for this , but was greatly disappointing !
 I did n't like this movie . The story was weak to begin with . I was really getting sick and tired of Hanna 's insecurity . Theo should not have blamed David for breaking up his relationship . If one phone call broke them up then their relationship was doomed to begin with . So I really could n't care less about that part which took up three quarters of the film . Then David takes Theo on a talkshow and you assume he 's going to tell him that he 's responsible for Hanna breaking up with him but instead he tells Theo that he 's gay . After that pretty much the world hates him and Theo almost kills him with a metal pipe . Great story for bigots but for the rest of us this movie is disturbing and pointless .
 I really enjoyed this movie right up until the last fifteen minutes when it fell apart and turned exceedingly nasty , ugly , and senselessly violent.For the first 75 minutes , this is an engaging film . It deals with two lifelong friends , plasterer David -LRB- Steve John Shepherd -RRB- and Theo -LRB- John Simm -RRB- . David is gay , but has admitted this to no one , especially Theo , whom he loves . Their friendship is tested when Theo falls in love with the attractive , but insecure , Hannah -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- . David and Hannah see in each other a threat to their own relationship with David , and they each take steps to undermine the other . It 's petty , it 's painful , but it 's human . The performances by the three leads are realistic and heartfelt . The script by Mark Burt and the direction by Aisling Walsh are solid when they deal with the three leads . -LRB- I am less convinced by the direction of , writing of , and acting by David 's coworkers . -RRB- However , the movie falls completely apart in the last fifteen minutes . The climax takes place on the set of a fictional TV show called `` Forgive and Forget '' where one guest admits a transgression while the sinned against listens and declares whether he or she can forgive and forget . After David does something that drives a wedge between Theo and Hannah , he arranges an appearance on the show for him and Theo . I assumed that it would be to admit what he 'd done that hurt Theo 's relationship with Hannah . That would have made for good storytelling.Instead , writer Burt wrenches the story in a completely different direction , and one that has caused other reviewers here to call the film homophobic . It 's hard not to agree with that assessment . Burt has David ask forgiveness from Theo for being gay , as if this is something that must be forgiven ! As offensive as that is , the final scene where the two confront each other after the show is even more heinous and completely undermines the rest of the movie . It is ugly , it is violent , and the last image of Theo walking away from David implies that writer Burt and director Walsh endorse the actions taken by the character Theo . It 's thoroughly repulsive.I can not , in good conscience , recommend this to anybody.I have not listened to the commentary track , although there is one . I 'm not sure I want to listen to Mark Burt and Aisling Walsh trying to justify their work.I would suggest giving this a skip and go directly to the British `` Queer as Folk -LRB- series one -RRB- '' , `` Get Real '' , `` My Beautiful Laundrette '' , `` Maurice '' , or `` Boyfriends '' -LRB- C -RRB- 2001 Joe Edkin
 Forgive and Forget , directed by Aisling Walsh , is a story about David -LRB- Steve John Sheperd -RRB- a plaster mason who is in love with his long time best friend Theo -LRB- John Simm -RRB- who is straight and moves in with the girl of his dreams Hannah -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- . As Theo and Hannah get closer , David begins to feel threaten with the loss of a friendship and his long time secret love . What emerges is a deceptive ploy by Daivd to derail the couple and solidify his feelings for Theo.This movie starts off very promising with solid character development and the interactions between David , Theo and Hannah runs smoothly . The script and director do a nice job of letting the romance of Theo and Hannah flourish , while David pines away and is slowly comsumed with jealousy and fear of losing something he never really had -LRB- Theo 's romantic love interest -RRB- . As the movie comes to its end it starts to fall apart , the utter violence that consumes Theo as he tries to beat David -LRB- with a pipe -RRB- is so against character and misplaced it comes across as ridiculous . The idea that David tells Theo about his love on a talk show is just as foolish since the script has him so far in the closet it would take a burning house to get him out . In the end what you wo n't forget or likely forgive it the inability of the writer or director to take control of this ending and make it a meaningful message instead of some poor attempt of David attaining sudden blissful insight after his beating .
 If the Christian Right wanted to make a hateful , homophobic propaganda movie they could n't have done better than this one . The main character is a self-loathing blue collar worker in an extreme homophobic environment . The film takes a long time to have any indication of plot , and then it goes downhill from there . The characters are pathetic , the main character is portrayed as a psychotic freak that must go on a daytime talk show to communicate . Real life - are you kidding?Interestingly , trailers from other films on the DVD indicate that this company has a deep rooted homophobic habit . If there were a 0-star choice , I would have picked it.There is no entertainment , no message , a view of life that is depressingly unreal . And who wrote that other review , the producer ?
 Despite the efforts of a capable cast , `` Forgive and Forget '' is otherwise a shipwreck of a movie , one that ultimately sinks under the weight of its own dishonest conceits . Blame the screenwriter , Mark Burt , and the director , Aisling Walsh , for creating inherently unlikable characters and placing them in an unbelievable - and even offensive - set of circumstances.Tall , handsome David -LRB- Steve John Shepherd -RRB- is a closeted , conflicted gay man who still lives at home with his homophobic parents and works for his father 's construction business . David 's life is centered around running , smoking , drinking , and having empty sexual encounters . He 's also addicted to watching a reality television show named `` Forgive and Forget '' , in which people who have harmed one another confront their pasts and decide whether to forgive and forget . David is secretly in love with his best friend Theo -LRB- John Simm -RRB- , an unremarkable looking , and rather bland , straight guy with whom he runs and smokes and drinks . When Theo falls in love with Hannah -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- , a deeply neurotic and bitter young artist who also runs and smokes and drinks , David deviously plots to sabotage his friend 's romance , and later , to make a desperate - and very public - play for him . David 's plan goes awry , and the movie abruptly ends on an unhappy note for almost everyone involved.There is a disturbing and unappealing thread of anti-gay sentiment that runs throughout this unpleasant little made-for-Scottish-television movie . In truth , David 's sexuality only comes into play so that the piece would have a gay villain ; the story would have worked just as well -LRB- or maybe better -RRB- had David been a straight man motivated by an interest in seducing Theo 's girlfriend . Besides the messed-up David , the only other gay character who receives much screen time is the prissy , effete man who has hired David 's company to renovate a building , and who is mocked and ridiculed by the construction workers . Even in the cast and crew biographies which comprise one of the DVD `` extras '' , ballet dancer-turned-actor Shepherd and screenwriter Burt takes special pains to point out that they are , in fact , totally straight ... as if the world needed to know , or might care.Homophobic undertones aside , the script is incredibly inconsistent and manipulative . For example , the film cuts to many episodes of the titular TV series , `` Forgive and Forget '' . The host -LRB- well-played by actress Meera Syal who oozes just the right amount of smarmy and insincere concern for her guests -RRB- always - always - asks the participants , `` Are you ready to forgive and forget ? '' That , after all , is the show 's concept , its theme , its reason for being ... except , of course , when Theo and David make an appearance . In their episode - which , unbelievably , is broadcast live - all the rules and conventions of the show are conveniently tossed out the window without logic or reason , and they are never asked the familiar closing question . This is sloppy filmmaking , when the writer and director paint themselves into a corner and then `` cheat '' their way out for the sake of moving the story along , and it 's an insult to the audience 's intelligence.I 'm going to give this DVD a rating of two stars , because the actors clearly gave it their best shot , despite the inadequacies of the script and direction . However , I would discourage any of my friends and family from wasting their time watching it , and accordingly , I will not recommend it to you either .
 This is surely one of the nastiest , most misleading , films ever made.The only redeeming factor is handsome John Shepherd who plays David , a very closeted London construction worker . Secretly in love with his life-long mate Theo , David 's covert problems escalate when Theo announces he is moving in with his girlfriend . Unable to share Theo 's time and attention , David will do anything to undermine the couple 's relationship.David , with a misguided fantasy of ` sharing ' , gets the bright idea to come out of the closet on a talk show . An unwitting Theo joins him and is utterly embarassed when he is told , in front of a national audience , that David is in love with him.That the plan backfires goes without saying , and the pretense of light comedy ends abruptly . David 's ghastly father pronounces him sick and summarily tosses him out of the house . Theo hates him and , to show him just how much , beats David senseless with a lead pipe . I kid you not.It seems that Theo and his girlfriend are a perfect match after all
 Hated everything else . It 's a boring , irritating , slow piece that is n't nearly as clever or fun as it seems.I loved the lead -LRB- acting , body language , look , everything -RRB- and did n't mind his best friend , but the story takes way too long to unfold and there are a whole bevy of uneccessary and unimportant -LRB- and uninteresting -RRB- characters which confuse the sloppily-told story and you 'll be reading the synopsis to find out what the director was trying to tell you . -LRB- Because it is n't at all clear . -RRB- Unfortunately the story spins totally out of control with unbelievable and impossible story twists that ruin whatever small amount of empathy you might have for the characters . Nobody comes out of this looking good.Then there is the violence and homophobia which the director seems to think we enjoy watching . As entertainment , this stinks , and it 's actually offensive at points . `` Forgive '' might be worth watching for Steve John Shepherd and to see for yourself how you feel about it , but as entertainment , it 's awful .
 While `` Phat Beach '' has a good premise , it ultimatley goes nowhere . Throughout the film I kept waiting for it to get interesting soon , but it never did . None of the inexperienced actors have the charm ability to carry the movie by themselves . `` Phat Beach '' may have been more enjoyable if someone like Martin Lawrence or Chris Tucker starred in it instead of these inexperienced comedians . Plus , the script is extemely slow and unfunny . Some jokes had the potential to be funny , but were n't executed right , due to the director 's lack of skill . I only laughed twice at the most during the whole film . By the way , the advertisements show Coolio on the cover as if he was a main character , but he actually is only in the film for about 2 minutes .
 While `` Phat Beach '' has a good premise , it ultimatley goes nowhere . Throughout the film I kept waiting for it to get interesting soon , but it never did . None of the inexperienced actors have the charm ability to carry the movie by themselves . `` Phat Beach '' may have been more enjoyable if someone like Martin Lawrence or Chris Tucker starred in it instead of these inexperienced comedians . Plus , the script is extemely slow and unfunny . Some jokes had the potential to be funny , but were n't executed right , due to the director 's lack of skill . I only laughed twice at the most during the whole film . By the way , the advertisements show Coolio on the cover as if he was a main character , but he actually is only in the film for about 2 minutes .
 this movie is the worst movie because its a skin flick that attempts to be deep , and the black stereotypes not only come awkard , but unfunnily
 I really , really wanted to like Phat Beach . The premise of an African-American beach movie had a lot of promise . What could have been an original , unique and entertaining movie was done in by a lack of effort . I was expecting a campy hip-hop version of `` Beach Blanket Bingo '' but instead wound up watching an awful unfunny film that did n't know what it was about . Was it a beach movie or a ghetto comedy ? I really do n't care . I want the 90 minutes of my life back that his film stole.Phat Beach had its potential undermined by poor production values , horrible acting , and a script that seemed t be written by a chimp . The plot of the movie went in more directions than an ADD kid . I could n't like any of the characters because I never got know any of them . It seemed everyone in this movie had a personality that was as deep as a Dixie cup . I 'm still figuring out who is the main character , Benny or Terrell ? Why do they want to go to the beach ? Supposedly to sell sunglasses , but they never do that . Then there 's a volleyball contest , he runs into his parents wins the contest and gets the girl . The End . However , that 's the same as the beginning , a really bad rap video that features none of the actors in the film . And I 'm still figuring out why the white guy was Terrell 's rival and not Benny 's . Do n't get me wrong I really like bad movies , the cheesier the better . The cheesily Krafted flicks made by the defunct Cannon Group and the late Samuel Z. Arkoff -LRB- American Ninja , Ninja III , Dixie Dynamite , Bleach Blanket Bingo and How to stuff a Wild Bikini -RRB- try hard to entertain and overcome their poor production values with a great script , strong effort by the actors and the director . The enthusiasm and energy you feel from everyone in the film makes you overlook the obstacle of a low budget and like the film . However Phat Beach feels so -LSB- poorly made -RSB- that I felt like I was watching somebody 's home videos . The lethargic performances of the actors are so bad that it reminds me of a high school play . It seems no one tried to make this film work . It 's a shame too , because this could have been a great film if the production team had a good script and the actors camped it up . All I can say is
 While `` Phat Beach '' has a good premise , it ultimatley goes nowhere . Throughout the film I kept waiting for it to get interesting soon , but it never did . None of the inexperienced actors have the charm ability to carry the movie by themselves . `` Phat Beach '' may have been more enjoyable if someone like Martin Lawrence or Chris Tucker starred in it instead of these inexperienced comedians . Plus , the script is extemely slow and unfunny . Some jokes had the potential to be funny , but were n't executed right , due to the director 's lack of skill . I only laughed twice at the most during the whole film . By the way , the advertisements show Coolio on the cover as if he was a main character , but he actually is only in the film for about 2 minutes .
 I was first enticed to watch this movies because the trailers for the movie contained a lot of women in bikinis . This is not a movie worth buying . The acting is not that bad , but the writing is not good . The only thing that would have improved this movie would have been a lot of nudity but the director and producer had the dignity not to do that .
 with the right actor for this film like a Jamie Foxx this would have been a breakthrough film for him.but the film trys to many cliched themes done many times before.it has it 's moments.Jermaine Hopkins has skills.but the sidekick was wack.i liked the Bikini Contest.but overall a Black Version of Spring Break 2 or 3 . nothing special.a few good things but overall forgotten .
 Someone please tell me why they made this movie . I saw it only becasue I thought it had John Wayne in it . Its just a bunch of people running around acting like they own the place . Do they own it ? They never said that they did or did n't . My guess is that they do , i meant why would they do all this if they did n't . Who owns what what do I am what am I talking about who am I.
 After their memorable faceoff in director Michael Mann 's `` Heat '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Robert De Niro and Al Pacino find themselves stuck in this routine cop thriller . `` Righteous Kill '' plays like a TV Movie of the Week that acquired two Oscar winners . Seeing De Niro and Pacino together again is more impressive than the film itself . Director Jon Avnet also was responsible for the Pacino turkey `` 88 Minutes . '' Next time around , let 's hope these acting legends find a real script .
 ` Righteous Kill ' represents a big foot forward for screenwriter Russell Gewirtz . Where Gewirtz 's rookie effort , ` Inside Man ' , was a story about a bank heist that completely lacked credibility , the plot of ` Righteous Kill ' actually is modestly clever . A vigilante serial killer is on the loose in New York City , murdering various criminals . His calling card is a rhymed poem left at each crime scene . De Niro -LRB- Turk -RRB- and Pacino -LRB- Rooster -RRB- play the two aging detectives assigned to solve the case . De Niro is seen throughout on a surveillance tape seemingly ` confessing ' to committing the murders . But in a twist at the end of the story , his confession turns out to be forced and it ends up that Pacino is actually the murderer all along.Before arriving at the film 's climax , we learn that Turk planted evidence on a murderer who got off on a technicality and as a result the criminal is sent off to jail . A good part of the movie chronicles how each of the bad guys are dispatched by the vigilante . The main bad guy is a drug dealer played by 50 Cent who is convincingly menacing . An early unconvincing scene involves Turk and Rooster sending a pretty coke-addicted lawyer to the drug dealer 's lair , wearing a wire , and trying to entrap him . The drug dealer sees through the ruse right away and the lawyer is shot by the drug dealer 's bodyguard -LRB- but eventually survives -RRB- . Why veteran detectives would place an amateur informant in such easy jeopardy does n't ring true . There 's a subplot involving a sexy Crime Scene Investigator who is simultaneously bedding Turk and Perez , a younger detective -LRB- played by John Leguizamo -RRB- . Perez and his partner Riley -LRB- played by Donnie Wahlberg -RRB- come to the conclusion that it 's one of their own who has been committing the murders.Various posters here have pointed to deficiencies in the script including that De Niro and Pacino are too old for their parts , there 's a lack of character development -LRB- too many good cop/bad cop clich&eacute;s -RRB- , a lack of suspense and scenes that are repetitious . One poster suggested that the characters needed to have a softer side but I think it was the director 's intent to keep the entire story as dark as possible . The constant use of the moody soundtrack throughout most of the film compensated for the lack of emotional depth of the characters . Was this a good thing ? I do n't know . But clearly the music added to the film 's ` neo-noir ' feel . ` Righteous Kill ' will probably do fairly well at the box office if one factors in the potential global market . This is really a noir version of ` Dirty Harry ' and those who love having their stick-figure bad guys brought to justice without putting up a fight , will be drawn to his type of film . And then there 's De Niro and Pacino . De Niro almost always channels the same character -- a hot-headed gangster type -LRB- I was so much reminded of his performance in ` Analyze This ' , although that 's a comedy -RRB- . Moviegoers always want to pay money to see De Niro even though he usually coughs up the same shtick . Pacino however is much more subdued in this film until the end . Only then does he allow his over the top persona to come out . Actually that was the intent of the screenwriter ; the audience is led to believe that De Niro is the hot head and Pacino is the reasonable one . Pacino keeps De Niro `` in check ' throughout the film until the ending.Although many claimed they ` figured out ' the twist ending 30 minutes into the film , I must confess that I did n't see it coming . But once it was revealed I did n't really buy the reversal since it was inconsistent with the way the character arc had developed . Pacino 's ` Rooster ' has noble motives for offing the bad guys . But suddenly , when the sexy CSI gal is about to expose him , he viciously attacks her . It just seemed totally out of character for this noble ` Dirty Harry ' character to suddenly decompensate and attack a woman . What ` noble ' criminal would do such a thing ? Rooster 's explanation is that he became disappointed with Turk after Turk planted evidence on the murderer who got off on a technicality . He had ` looked up ' to Turk but now the image of him being a noble cop had been destroyed . Somehow he now becomes a vigilante serial killer because his partner no longer ` went by the book ' . This is his explanation as to why he becomes unhinged which leads his partner of 30 years to shoot him to death . If you believe in this motive , then you 'll believe that the portrait of the New York City Police Department as depicted in this film is a realistic one.When all is said and done , we never get a feel for Turk and Rooster as flesh and blood human beings . There is little ` back story ' to ` Righteous Kill ' and that applies to all the characters . ` Righteous Kill '' remains a modestly entertaining detective mystery with little character development and chiefly relying on the hit or miss semi-comic banter between two aging Hollywood legends .
 This movie was n't bad but it was hardly the movie that you would want to see Deniro and Pacino wait so long to share screen time on . It was a pretty basic police/serial killer story that tried to keep you guessing but really has been done before . I would rather have seen them sink their teeth into something worthy of their early efforts and all we got was something that was worthy of their latest efforts which have n't been all that great . The movie had a really good cast and Carla Gugino looked great and super sexy as usual.It is worth a watch but if you are expecting The Deer Hunter , Serpico , The Godfather I or II or any other number of great films these guys have done including Heat you will be let down . It is a walk thru performance by both .
 After teaming with Al Pacino in `` 88 Minutes , '' one of the dumbest and most ridiculous movies of the decade , Avnet follows up with `` Righteous Kill , '' which is not nearly as bad , but leaves a lot to be desired . The movie leads you along a certain path , only to reveal at the end an unexpected turn . Yes , it 's unexpected . It 's also kind of ridiculous . One and a half stars .
 What happens when someone in Hollywood gets a great idea , but the execution of said idea becomes mismanaged , resulting in an essentially half-hearted attempt at a movie ? Well , one could say that the outcome would resemble something similar to the mind-numbingly formulaic , contrived , and completely devoid of any thrills thriller known as `` Righteous Kill '' starring screen legends Robert DeNiro -LRB- `` Goodfellas '' -RRB- and Al Pacino -LRB- `` The Godfather '' trilogy -RRB- . `` Righteous Kill '' centers upon two detectives , `` Turk '' -LRB- Robert DeNiro -RRB- and `` Rooster '' -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , longtime partners within the NYPD for over 30 years . For these two decorated officers the streets should n't be able to offer them any new surprises ; that is until several known criminals begin getting murdered by an alleged vigilante . To make matters worse , the dead bodies are all tied to cases the pair had solved over their many years on the force , prompting many in the department to wonder if one of their own has gone over the edge.Prior to viewing this film I began to notice some rather strange omissions from the trailers preceding the impending release upon DVD and Blu-ray . Namely , the lack of any critical praise being thrown about ; of course , this makes perfect sense given that a vast majority of film critics blasted the movie to pieces . With a growing sense that perhaps this movie is as lackluster as the critics had said it was , I found that my eagerness to see it was waning significantly . Yet , like a glutton for punishment I decided to sit down one night to see it for myself , because even though the movie was almost universally panned , I still like to make my own judgments about a film . Needless to say , after watching `` Righteous Kill '' I find myself in complete agreement with the majority of the critics , and wondering why on Earth did this film ever see the light of day , let alone find its way into the hands of two of Hollywood 's icons?To attempt to understand where this film went wrong we must first look at the base on which the film stands ... the screenplay . Next to the involvement of actors Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino , the other big surprise surrounding this film was the fact that the script was written by the man who penned the outstanding heist film `` Inside Man '' , writer Russell Gewirtz . After crafting such an entertaining thriller full of twists and turns and originality , I 'm surprised that Gewirtz 's follow-up would essentially embody the antithesis of all that was great about his previous script . With `` Righteous Kill '' there is nary a hint of originality , in place of that is an abundance of predictability that causes all of the potential twists and turns that the story will no doubt throw at the audience to fail due to the sheer obviousness of the proceedings.On top of that is the fact that the only way any sense of suspense was created in this film was through a contrived plot device where several of the characters are referred to solely by their nicknames . This way the viewer does n't know who is really who until the final moments of the film . It is this manufactured form of suspense that made me feel especially disappointed for two reasons . One , I ca n't think of a single person whose nickname is the only name by which they are called ; and second , if Russell Gewirtz did n't want certain people 's identities being truly known until the end , there are much more natural ways to achieve this . For instance , many people do n't even refer to someone by name when talking to them , especially if they are very familiar with them . So , in the movie the nickname device could have still been used in conjunction with just casual conversation where no names are ever mentioned . This way the dialogue could still feel natural , and the unknown identities would still be a form of manufactured suspense , but one far less obvious and annoying.Now lets move on to the director of this travesty , the much maligned -LRB- by me , that is -RRB- Jon Avnet , director of the abominable `` 88 Minutes '' . From what I have been able to gather after watching Jon 's last two attempts at feature films , if it were n't for the surprisingly talented cast members he is able to ensnare , his films would most likely wind up on rental shelves or never even see the light of day in the first place . I find myself completely surprised that this man is able to get such high-caliber actors and actresses to flesh out his roles . Granted his track record of television shows -LRB- `` Boomtown '' for instance -RRB- is a bit more impressive , even if his shows have n't been the longest lasting , at least they were compelling ; and it is conceivable that news of the utter crap-fest that was `` 88 Minutes '' was not made known until after it was too late and those involved in this film were already signed . With those two thoughts in mind , they may serve as an explanation as to why Pacino and DeNiro would even consider joining up with such a hack director ; although Pacino by all rights should have already figured out that this guy did n't have a clue after his time spent headlining the previous film . Whatever the case may be for why this man still has work coming to him in Hollywood , from my perspective he 's had his first and second chances , and massively blown them both , so I ca n't understand why he is n't just shown the door or at least his way onto the B-list , a.k.a. the Direct-to-DVD list.As I stated before , the biggest surprise of all surrounding this movie , was the involvement of Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . The last time these two screen legends had acted opposite each other was in the superbly crafted `` Heat '' from director Michael Mann . Here we are 13 years later , and what should have been one of the greatest Hollywood reunions of all time , is wasted in a movie that is well below their considerable talents . Although some could argue that neither actor has been at the top of their game in quite some time ; I still believed that their common sense would have told them to run away from this mess before it is too late . But I guess I would have been wrong on that count . Which leads me to wonder if these two acting giants have lost the drive that once made them such forces to be reckoned with , and is it too late for them to reclaim what they appear to have lost?I will say that even though this film is well below the standards of their prime , both Pacino and DeNiro did give decent performances . However , I would have to say that neither one seemed too committed to their respective role , but at least they were n't just overtly going through the motions without a care , as they have done in some of their recent work -LRB- i.e. `` 88 Minutes '' -RRB- . Joining them we have actress Carla Gugino -LRB- `` Sin City '' -RRB- who serves the purpose of being nothing more than the eye candy of the film . Her role does n't really offer anything to the proceedings , and the one point in the story when it seems her character may have some relevance after all , is squandered in the end . Other supporting cast members include Donnie Wahlberg -LRB- `` Saw 2 '' -RRB- and John Leguizamo -LRB- `` The Happening '' -RRB- as two other police officers with ties to some of the various criminals being murdered . I 'm sure their characters were intended to serve as compelling antagonists to Pacino and DeNiro 's , but in the end both of them appear as bland and uninspired as the rest of the production , despite the efforts of Leguizamo and Wahlberg . Lastly , Brian Dennehy appears in a thankless role so small that it is almost relegated to cameo status as the boss/friend of `` Turk '' and `` Rooster '' . Brian Dennehy is a talented actor who has always managed to entertain no matter the role ; yet in this film even he ca n't make a miracle happen and his choice for signing onto this project seems just as bewildering as the two leads.It 's a shame that such a large amount of talent was wasted on such a generic movie as `` Righteous Kill '' , and truth be told had the star power associated with this film not been involved , I have no doubt that most people never would have heard of the movie and it would have found its way directly on to rental shelves instead of in theaters . Now , if you have not seen a mystery/thriller or any kind of cop movie or television program , then perhaps you will find `` Righteous Kill '' to be outstanding ; however , if you have seen any of the aforementioned , then you will most likely find this film to be just as dull and boring as I did . `` Righteous Kill '' is rated R for violence , language , and sexuality .
 I like interesting cop shows . I-n-t-e-r-e-s-t-i-n-g ! This movie should have been called the DeNiro and Pacino Show . Could n't figure out for the life of me why the killings could have been `` righteous '' , even in serial killer terms . You were searching for a commradere between the two partners but there was always that `` guy thing '' that kept them at odds and made their partnership rather vacant for anything meaningful , especially after all those years . All the action throughout the film just seemed like a filler only until the end when it finally decided to pick up the pace . Pacino and his righteous kills did n't sound like a mystery finally unearthed but just a flat `` well here it is '' . This movie could have been written better for these fabulous actors . What a shame .
 I had an opportunity in Atlanta this past summer to catch up on a few films that I had fallen behind on . This was one of them . As in Four Christmases -LRB- eseses -RRB- , you have a cast here that could have made Gone With the Wind 2 if they had so chosen , but alas.From the beginning of the film , you are told the end of the film . They dangle it in front of you like a carrot . Of course the carrot was stale in the first place , but you still want the dang carrot . The goodness of the film DEPENDS on it . What you need by the end of Righteous Kill is an explanation for why this event happened , and so as you reach for the carrot they snatch it away , throw it in a blender , pour it on the ground and scream , `` GOTCHA !!! `` Heat 2 would have been nice come to think of it , but then there was the whole `` dead-character-in-the-end '' thing ... but hey if they can clone Ripley ... De Niro and Pacino can only work with what they are given , and deep down I think they realized that they were only being given a PAYCHECK.Gosh , I do n't know . To be fair , it 's not a terrible movie . Its just an impleasant experience , with non-gratifying results . Like a Hurricane . To quote Jeff Dunham , or more specifically Walter , `` Oh , I get it . Exciting at first but ends in disaster . `` Critics could n't see it opening weekend . Take a clue , neither should you .
 Poor Al. . Poor washed up Al.Maestro , if you please ... ~ Look what they done to your song , Al. ~ ~ Look what they 've done to your song . ~ ~ Well they tied you up and they turned you out ~ ~ And it 's comin ' out all wrong , Al. ~ ~ Look what they 've done to your song . `` Alas , Al Pacino * was * a great actor . This man -LRB- ecco homo ! -RRB- this man was , at one time , The Prince of the City -- New York * and * Hollywood!Lemme tell ya a story ... There was this kid I grew up with . He was younger than me . Sorta looked up to me . You know , short guy . We did our first work together ; worked our way out of the street . Things were good , we made the most of it . During the 60s we schtupped Tuesday Weld . Me first , then Al.The 70s , we ran tye-dye shirts into Canada . Made a fortune . Mr. Pacino , his father , too.As much as anyone , I loved him ; and trusted him . -LRB- About as far as I could throw the Empire State Building . But that 's another story . -RRB- Later on he had an idea . To build a theatre out of paper mache and put on productions like `` Richard the Third Gets a Hickey . '' ... `` A Streetcar Named Shecky '' ... `` The Merchant of Venice Goes to the Catskills On His Way to the West Coast , The Clueless Schmuck . `` And that kid 's name was Al Pacino . And the theatre he founded here in New York City was the Max Bialystock Vernal Equinox Gardens.This was a great wop . A paisan of vision and guts , and there is n't even a plaque , or a signpost or a statue of him in this town!Someone put an Ex-Lax in his gabaghoul sandwich . -LRB- Crapped for weeks . -RRB- No one knows who placed the order . When I heard about it , I was n't angry . True , I laughed my ass off . But I was n't angry.I knew Al , I knew he was head-strong ; I knew over the years he had built up a tolerance to laxatives
 I was immediately struck by how miscast the two stars were - both too old to be playing cops , especially Pacino . The second immediate impact was how unrealistic the plot was - that 14 murders of criminals who had gotten off would have succeeded . It was obvious almost from the start that a cop had to be doing the killing . The third point that will strike viewers is that the supposed killer , De Niro , was too obvious , and it had to be someone else .
 the movie is too predictable . If you are a big fan of either actor , I think you 'll be disappointment . Not because of the acting , but the script is too predictable .
 Pacino and DeNiro are two of the best actors ever , but they are 68 and 65 years old respectively , and they look every second of it . They ca n't play cops anymore . Most cops retire in their mid 50s , because by then most of them already have 25 to 30 years of service , and they can retire with full pension benefits . Those that still want to work often take lucrative gigs in private security and private investigation work -LRB- which is on top of their generous taxpayer-funded pensions -RRB- . This is a decent little thriller , but I simply can not suspend disbelief that they would still be on the job at that age . Pacino , particularly , looks well into his 70s , even though he has n't yet turned 69 . By casting 70 year-old Brian Dennehy -LRB- who looks 80 -RRB- as their boss , they tried to make the two leads look younger by comparison , but it just compounds the silliness . Most police forces have a mandatory retirement age , and it does n't go up to age 70 , even for the highest ranking officers.There are still many juicy roles these guys can play , and I hope to see much more from each of them . They just can not play cops anymore .
 I 'm appropriating the quote from the ancient knight from the end of `` Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade '' after the evil guy drinks water from the cup that is not the holy grail , then quickly evaporates into a pile of skeleton dust.Al Pacino and Robert De Niro were in an excellent film thirty years ago.The Godfather Part II - The Coppola Restorationwhetted everybody 's appetite , and as great as they both were in that film , they both went on to bigger and better roles , but they were never on the screen at the same time until 1995 ` sHeat . -LRB- Pacino played `` modern day '' Michael Corleone and De Niro played `` flashback '' Vito Corleone in GF II -RRB- . In Heat , which was a significant drop-off from the Francis Ford Coppola film , they had a single scene together.Did Jon Avnet think `` oh , we can do better than THAT ? `` Well ... maybe someone could , but this is n't that film . Putting De Niro and Pacino in the room with this script and rolling the camera does n't work any better than putting my two year old grandson in a room with paint and canvas and expecting a Jackson Pollock.These iconic actors simply do not fit this script . Their `` police buddy/partner '' characters are street cops . De Niro , 65 , and Pacino , 68 , both look their age , and no degree of `` suspension of disbelief '' allows me to accept these two post-retirement age acting icons as `` street cops '' . Carla Gugino , luscious and 37 , plays the love interest . Does it matter whose ? Make sure the defibrillator is charged ... The story is insulting . It borrows from the `` Keyser Soze Syndrome '' , trying to `` surprise '' the audience , who is deliberately misled in an attempt to make them believe the wrong thing before unveiling the surprise . Now that I think about it , De Niro stars in another of my least favorite `` surprise ending '' films , Hide N Seek.Mr . De Niro would do well to be a little more selective in his scripts and Mr. Pacino would do well to take a look at Frank Caliendo 's impersonation of himself , then take steps to NOT reproduce it . -LRB- I think Caliendo 's point is that Pacino has played essentially the same exact character in every film since `` Scent of a Woman '' . -RRB- Sorry - did n't like it .
 i live in istanbul - turkey ... this weekend - hurriyet newspaper which costs 35 cents , gave away this dvd to the readers who paid an extra 20 cents with it ! and believe me - there is a reason for it :-RRB- do i need to say more ? do n't waste 14 dollars on it as big names do n't do justice to this movie and it should cost no more than a blank dvd ...
 Well first off i would like to start this review by saying that Jon Avnet is not really a very good director , and the only film he is really recognized for is Red Corner -LRB- 1997 Richard Gere -RRB- , which was pretty good but not stunning . Secondly it seems Al Pacino -LRB- my icon -RRB- likes his direction because this is the second film that Al has done with him -LRB- 88 minutes -RRB- in the past 2 years which was stated as being one of Pacinos worst films ever . I did think 88 minutes was cliche ' to say the least but it was 10 times better than this film mainly because Pacino acted his butt off for a very sup par film . So that said al and robert being on the big screen together was one of my dreams come true , but that dream fell short when i started about 10 minutes into the film and realized what i was about to witness.This movie is riddled with horrible dialogue , a cliched script and screenplay as i said before and just a horrible sense that the film was rushed . This could be in a literal sense of the word considering when you watch the movie nearly all the scenes between al and Robert and anyone else for that matter seemed very rushed and they never had any time to just sit and feed off each other like it should have been . Heat was the first time they actually talked face to face and in that short 10 minutes or so it is still one of the greatest most classic scenes in movies today . Now as for the movie itself basically the whole premise is the two detectives trying to find a serial killer who 's basically murdering the murderers but eventually points towards a cop , thats it , thats all . The ending of the movie while clever still cant hold together the overall plot and really you may be suprised but disappointed because you wished it had been the end of a `` better '' movie . So in closing of this short review the only thing that saves Righteous Kill for even a casual viewing to see these two legends together and is in fact themselves that barely hold it together , they are the only reason to even bother . Any other actors that may had been chosen for the film would have sent this straight to DVD . And while these performances arent even close to there best , they both bring there own unique talent to a very tedious , rushed and at times boring movie . Lets hope they have enough in them before 70 hits to maybe reunite again , with a very great director . Michael Mann where are you ? : -LRB- Also note Jon Avnet trys to get away with slick suprise endings , well it didnt work very well in 88 minutes , nor does it in this film . Also i find it amusing that it says a Jon Avnet film , like he 's a grade A top director . Not so either . Just pick it up you 'll see what i mean .
 I really looked forward to seeing Pacino and De Niro together . This story is a sad vehicle for their talents . It 's a disappointment relative to the previous work of either actor . The `` plot twist '' is not suprising or meaningful . Overall , the film leaves you wondering what was the point ???
 i love these two actors , two of the best living legends around . this movie was kind of `` bland '' , but i enjoyed these two together . if you are a true pacino and de niro fan . you would still want this movie part of your movie collection .
 I thought this would be a blockbuster but was kinda disappointed with this one . The story was weak and the ending left me with something to be desired . It played on the old story line of an over-the-hill cop who does things his own way ... how many time have we seen this in a movie ! Really , I think this was just a payday for Deniro and Pacino . The movie did n't challegne these guys at all . They could have done these roles in their sleep .
 Take two of Hollywood 's most capable actors , both with lustrous careers behind them and ... throw them together in a boring movie with a mechanical predictable script devoid of worthwhile dialog or anything at all that would enable them to shine . Add uninspired camerawork , tedious editing and mundane direction and you have Righteous Kill.DeNiro in particular should be brave enough to seek out scripts worthy of his talent . Instead he 's wasting the years with third-rate sausage-machine drivel like this and like Meet The Fockers . What 's the man thinking about ? Unlike 95 % of Hollywood stars he can really act when he wants to . Shame he 's not making the kinds of movie that would be worthy of his talent . Unless you are very undemanding indeed or a certifiable DeNiro groupie this is a movie to avoid . Even the so-called `` plot twist '' at the end was boringly predictable - I called it after only 27 minutes into the film .
 Has Hollywood become so cynical it thinks that simply slapping the names of two iconic actors on a marquee will cause the throngs to line up at the box office.The throngs stayed away from `` Righteous Kill '' in droves and with good reason -- it 's a less than routine cop-serial killer movie without a single witty or new idea -- had anyone brought this script to the producers of TV 's `` Law and Order '' they would have been laughed out of the office.De Niro and Pacino sail through the film using their , by now , patented mannerisms ... De Niro mostly scowls as if he 's still working in `` A Boy 's Life '' ... what 's most amazing is these two exhibit zero chemistry together.The supporting cast , which includes Brian Dennehy , John Leguizamo and Carla Gugino , try hard , but the script gives them nothing to play.Take any one episode for example , from the five years of HBO 's `` The Wire '' and you have better acting , writing and direction than what 's exhibited in `` Righteous '' ... Somewhere , there may be some material worthy of these two legendary screen talents , but `` Righteous Kill '' ai n't it ...
 This movie has been done before In a dozen different ways . -LRB- The Plot -RRB- And part of what makes this so sad Is , there Is NOTHING distinguishing this movie from an 80 's version of It . Not even the clothing , which seems to match all detectives . If your a fan of either star and just want this for a collection ok . OTHERWISE rent this and not be so angry you wasted good money on buying It .
 Righteous Kill is like watching a rock band 's reunion tour . Initial excitement to see them perform again washes away from the realization that their best years slipped away.Stunningly , 13 years appears to have made all the difference because it was Michael Mann 's 1995Heatthat left film fans hungry for more . Heat marked the first onscreen pairing of Robert De Niro and Al Pacino , albeit briefly during the nearly three-hour film.Here De Niro and Pacino spend the entire film side by side and while the run time is about 100 minutes shorter than Heat , the effects are quite the opposite . They are weary . So are we . They are tired . And so on ... The been-there-done-that-before story and leaden pacing are simply too much for two Academy Award-winning actors to save.Righteous Kill is a much larger disappointment to fans of the genre because it comes on the heels of two recent crime dramas that each won Best Picture - No Country for Old MenandThe Departed . Unable or unwilling to rise to the challenge , screenwriter Russell Gurwitz seemingly mined for gritty dialogue and rough sex inDeath Wishsequels.My advice is that you skip the De Niro-Pacino reunion tour and re-watch one of their better works : De Niro and Pacino - the aforementioned Heat andThe Godfather - The Coppola Restoration GiftsetPacino - Donnie Brasco -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- andCarlito 's Way -LRB- Collector 's Edition -RRB- De Niro - GoodFellasandCasino .
 Ah , I just could n't wait to buy this movie - De Niro , Pacino ! What could possibly go wrong ? Answer
 This movie played a cheap trick on the audience , the whole plot is extremely dumb , and donnie wahlberg come on ? 50 cent ? give me a break?This movie is totally lacking , the only thing that kept me from hating it and continue to watch was the two powerhouse actors . other than that . your better off Watching Heat .
 Two great actors with a really bad script , there was no suspense or a build up to understand why the characters did what they did . Both actors would have been better off playing against each other , De Niro should have played the part that Leguizamo played . The ending was bad , bad , bad .
 The `` twist '' is terrible and obvious from the start . De Niro completely phones it in . These two actors are unworthy of this crap , or at least they were when they had standards .
 Deniro & Pacino were awesome together 15 years ago in `` Heat '' directed by Michael Mann , but they are equally awfull together in this film . They are both too old and too fat to be believeable as ` bad-ass cops ' here in a movie with a plot that is both dull & dumb . In the special features they keep referring to Deniro and Pacino as ` icons ' of acting -- and they are and deservedly so . But great actors ca n't do anything about a bad script and being cast in parts they should no longer take on . Deniro has crossed over into comedy -LRB- Analyze This -RRB- and has been hilarious . Pacino has n't done anything memorable to me for quite awhile -- but he 's still great . But this movie is a total turkey and not worth your time .
 Sadly , a really bad film with two very talented actors . The negative reviews are right.The script is probably to blame - a very routine `` cop film '' with too many clich&eacute;s.If you notice , a fair number of copies of this are for sale for only $ 0.01 . Take a guess why.One reviewer called it `` a mess of a film , '' and hoped that DeNiro and Pacino make a better filmsometime in the future . I 'm erasing this one - recorded from TV .
 For me , this failing attempt to bring together to the screen two acting legends , Academy Award winners Robert De Niro and Al Pacino , is reminiscent of the equally disastrous project from few years ago , The Monster in Law for which another legend , Jane Fonda came our of the retirement . While watching her so called comedy , I kept thinking , is THAT what she picked up for her come back ? While watching Righteous Kill with De Niro and Pacino , for almost every of its very long 103 minutes I thought , you guys better enjoy retirement than choose the project like this.Why are the ending results of both attempts so disappointing ? Why do we have the comedy that is not funny and the thriller that does not thrill . Watching Richteous Kill , You would think that the union of two brilliant actors would save a weak , mediocre , simply not interesting in all departments picture but it did not happen . Instead of following rather predictable plot , I kept looking at the actors who have given us so many moments of joy and thinking to myself , no , it is not Serpico , nor ... And Justice for All , no Taxi Driver , nor Heat , nor The Sea of Love . What was it ? What about the twists that I figured after ten minutes into the movie ? What was about the ending that easily could win an award for the most ridiculous , preposterous , and stupidest scene that involves two Oscar winners ever . I love Crime / Thriller/Mystery mixed with the drama . Those are among my favorites and I am not too picky . As long as the movie is clever , well acted , keeps me guessing and entertains me , I am happy . It is not the case with Righteous Kill , and even two stars ca n't save it . Ironically , the most memorable scene for me was De Niro -LRB- Turk -RRB- quoting Dirty Harry , `` There 's nothing wrong with a little shooting , as long as the right people get shot . '' It made me think about Clint Eastwood . How did he manage to direct himself last year in his own film at the age of 78 , and to make it a fantastic poignant movie that obviously salutes to his most beloved character Dirty Harry Callahan , tells the story in the best traditions that seem lost nowadays , and ends on a high and moving note . The film with two great actors should be a cinematic event , not a laughing stock . I 'd suggest De Niro and Pacino contact Eastwood and try to do a movie together or even crazier idea - to remake Righteous Kill with Woody Allen or Brothers Coen . I would be first in line to see any of these three hypothetical movies during the first weekend .
 Wow , with these two big stars , how could it go wrong ? Yet it does.This movie is utter rubbish . The plot gives you only two options , and when it 's finally resolved , it 's feels silly.The middle part , though , is only tedious . So it 's not all bad !
 The only reason I wanted to see this movie -LRB- thank God I did n't buy it or see it in theaters -RRB- is because of DeNiro and Pacino . But they could n't save this piece of trash , no one could . It is honestly so boring , I kept falling asleep and had to restart it when I woke up at least fifteen times . Finally with 20 minutes left I turned it off and took it back to the video store and asked for a credit .
 This is what I waited so long to get ? If you wait a few years , this will eventually be on public television . So , I would save my money . This video cost me about 8RMB -LRB- US$ 1.20 at the current exchange rate -RRB- and I am still thinking about what other movie I could have seen that was worthwhile instead.Example
 Seeing Al Pacino and Robert De Niro together on-screen is the kind of ultra-rare treat that could make any film worth seeing . That fact alone is the only reason that Righteous Kill is worth seeing in the very least , as both cinematic icons elevate what would be an otherwise dismal cop drama to something that is only instead a disappointing flick that is n't worthy of having Pacino and De Niro in the lead roles . Both play aging veteran cops who find themselves embroiled in a serial killer case in which there are some big implications , and the twisting screenplay ends up getting to the point of being purely incomprehensible , with a majority of the major story developments not being surprising in the least , and the choppy film editing does n't help things either . Directed by Jon Avnet , who directed Pacino in the unbelievably bad 88 Minutes , Righteous Kill just ends up not being worthy of the immense talents of Pacino and De Niro , and sadly , both of whom just seem to be on autopilot here . Other actors from John Leguizamo , Donnie Wahlberg , Carla Gugino , Brian Dennehy , and Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson , are just wasted here in supporting roles . Still , seeing Pacino and De Niro on screen together for the first time since Heat is something special indeed , and makes the film worth seeing on its own . I f you 're expecting another Heat however , or anything remotely close , you 've definitely come to the wrong place .
 There is something amusing to me when people simply spit out famous actor 's names and presume that means you are getting a good movie . For years , people bemoaned Pacino and De Niro did n't really have a scene to together in ` Heat , ' so I suppose this is their remedy.Ah , this film is a masterpiece . Two famous actors who have nothing left other than the relative fame of their names do what they do
 I only saw this movie once several years ago , but I remember it clearly . With this caliber of actors involved in the project I expected a good movie and was excited to see it . About 45 minutes into this stinker , I looked at my wife and told her that it was obvious that the Pacino character was the killer . After sitting through another hour of redundancy , I was correct.When you are 1/3 of the way through the movie and can guess exactly how it will end , that is the sign of a terrible movie . For two actors that are this good to be in a movie this bad , they better have gotten paid well .
 This one was just a weak as all the reviews had mentioned . How the hell could you waste the talents of Pacino and DeNiro with such mediocrity ? Not awful , but awfully disappointing .
 Seeing Al Pacino and Robert De Niro together on-screen is the kind of ultra-rare treat that could make any film worth seeing . That fact alone is the only reason that Righteous Kill is worth seeing in the very least , as both cinematic icons elevate what would be an otherwise dismal cop drama to something that is only instead a disappointing flick that is n't worthy of having Pacino and De Niro in the lead roles . Both play aging veteran cops who find themselves embroiled in a serial killer case in which there are some big implications , and the twisting screenplay ends up getting to the point of being purely incomprehensible , with a majority of the major story developments not being surprising in the least , and the choppy film editing does n't help things either . Directed by Jon Avnet , who directed Pacino in the unbelievably bad 88 Minutes , Righteous Kill just ends up not being worthy of the immense talents of Pacino and De Niro , and sadly , both of whom just seem to be on autopilot here . Other actors from John Leguizamo , Donnie Wahlberg , Carla Gugino , Brian Dennehy , and Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson , are just wasted here in supporting roles . Still , seeing Pacino and De Niro on screen together for the first time since Heat is something special indeed , and makes the film worth seeing on its own . If you 're expecting another Heat however , or anything remotely close , you 've definitely come to the wrong place .
 I rented this movie to watch Deniro and Pacino . Carla Gugino played an interesting , if limited , role as Deniro 's twisted girlfriend . Her predilictions make the age difference work . John Leguizamo -LRB- sp -RRB- and Donnie Wahlberg are completely wasted talent in this poorly written piece of absolute crap .
 That 's the sound of my hopes and expectations deflating . Not to say that RIGHTEOUS KILL is a complete and utter disappointment -LRB- I guess it was worth borrowing for free from my local library -RRB- , but I ca n't help but feel that it could have been so much more.One look at the cast and you have to think , `` How can this be a miss ? '' I mean , they could have just named this film `` DeNiro & Pacino '' and it probably would have done better at the box office . Throw in the bonus talents of John Leguizamo , Donnie Wahlberg , and the normally riveting Brian Dennehy and you should have sure-fire cinematic gold , right?By and large , the talents of the actors listed above are not fleshed out in any compelling fashion . I lay this squarely at the feet of director Jon Avnet , who somehow compiled a stellar cast and was unable to coax much emotion out of any of them . They pretty much sleepwalk and mumble through the scenes , and the `` live-wire '' ones are devoid of passion even as the actors are shouting at each other . I was largely unmoved by the characters and found myself growing annoyed by the near constant saturation of nearly every paragraph with the F-bomb with nothing to back it up . I was especially disappointed by the passionless performance of Dennehy , whose trademark sneer and undulating fury have been substituted with a smirk and mild annoyance - a truly wasted opportunity to crank up the temperature on a potential potboiler.The script did n't help Avnet 's cause , either . Truly bizarre character relationships -LRB- a coroner and detective who work together have a largely emotionless but physically rough sexual affair that adds absolutely no intrigue or interest to the story -RRB- and out of place characters -LRB- Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson 's scenes seemed to be only an excuse to get him on screen -RRB- only muddy the already strained performances . The back cover quotes Larry King as saying the film has `` a twist at the end that will blow you away . '' Larry King must not watch too many movies these days , as most seasoned viewers should have it figured out with 30-40 minutes to go.The DVD includes a couple of approximately 15 minute featurettes that were mildly interesting . `` The Thin Blue Line
 What a miserable film!This storyline was so predictable and overdone . I knew exactly how it was going to end . I guess if you watch a lot of movies it is easy to become jaded and guess endings , but this was just so lame.The acting was not bad , John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg were interesting , but overall the acting was not at the level I was anticipating . And what is wrong with Carla Gugino ... why is she picking such strange roles that showcase her physical and sexual attributes , and not her acting?I am greatly disappointed . This movie is a series of clich&eacute;s strung together that was not supposed to be noticed because we were supposed to be mesmerized by the De Niro/Pacino combo . Like I said , poor man 's `` Departed , '' watch that or Godfather 2 instead .
 Righteous Kill could have been awesome with DeNiro and Pacino . It was n't . The two superstars did n't have a great chemistry , and even worse , did n't have a great writer . The plot just did n't grip me and I could n't summon any caring for the characters . I reserve one star ratings for movies I ca n't even finish , and this was one of them .
 Robert De Niro and Al Pacino are in one movie . You know , much awaited team-up of two legendary actors should be big news for many movie fans , and , actually , it was when Michael Mann made very intense thriller `` Heat '' back in 1995 , even though they are together on screen only in one scene . -LRB- The two actors were both in `` The Godfather Part II , '' but they did n't share a scene . -RRB- Now I finally saw `` Righteous Kill '' starring Robert De Niro and Al Pacino -LRB- credited that order -RRB- , and though their acting is worth the price for DVD , the film itself turned out disappointing to me.For `` Righteous Kill '' is not really successful as a thriller , or anything else . In this crime thriller directed by Jon Avnet -LRB- `` Fried Green Tomatoes '' `` 88 Minutes '' -RRB- , Robert De Niro and Al Pacino play hot-tempered `` Turk '' and cool `` Rooster '' respectively , two veteran NYPD detectives . There is a vigilante-type serial killer at large , leaving a poem at the crime scenes . To investigate the murder cases Turk and Rooter have to work with Simon Perez -LRB- John Leguizamo -RRB- and Ted Riley -LRB- Donnie Wahlberg -RRB- , a team of younger detectives , whom the veteran detectives seem to dislike.From the very outset Jon Avnet 's storytelling falters , partly because he fails to provide a viewpoint from which audiences can follow the plot in a logical way . `` Righteous Kill '' suffers from the muddled storyline , thinly developed characters -LRB- script by Russell Gewirtz of `` Inside Man '' fame -RRB- , and its clumsily paced narrative . Yes , there are twists and turns along the way , but most audiences would lose interest by the time they reach the conclusion.In addition to the two stars , obviously the best assets of the film , `` Righteous Kill '' has interesting cast including Curtis Jackson , Brian Dennehy , Carla Gugino , Trilby Glover and Melissa Leo . Sadly they are all wasted . After all this film is helmed by the director who did incredibly bad thriller `` 88 Minutes . '' As to the much-anticipated team-up of Robert De Niro and Al Pacino , I strongly recommend you watch `` Heat '' again and forget anything about this one .
 Pacino - Deniro , sounds like a perfect combination . It didnt work , i almost felt they didnt want to work together either . The movie twist and turns this way and that and the outcome is sadly disappointing . I expected so much more from two of Hollywoods biggest guns . Glad i got it used and dint pay full price for it !
 This movie is such a tragic waste . Like `` On The Waterfront '' 's Terry Malloy , it coulda been a contender -- if it had a different script , a different director , and a different supporting cast . -LRB- Seriously -- 50 Cent and Donnie Wahlberg ? What , was Rob Schneider busy ? -RRB- As it is , the plot is stale and utterly predictable and completely dull to watch . It 's not even right to call the ending a `` twist '' because if you were watching with at least one eye open , you saw it coming pretty much from the beginning . Pacino and DeNiro do n't do anything with their performances that lift them out of the molds they 've made for themselves these last ten years -- the craggy , foul-mouthed cop and/or crook . DeNiro has gotten some traction out of sending up that image in movies like `` Analyze This '' and `` Meet The Parents '' but this time around , he expects us to take him seriously . Not happening . There 's really not much more I can say about this movie , to be honest . The bottom line is that it should have generated some Heat -LRB- pun very much intended -RRB- but instead it left me cold . It 's boring as heck , and the presence of these two heavyweights does n't make it any more interesting . It 's even worse than `` The Score '' -- another epic combination of actors -LRB- DeNiro , Brando and Norton -RRB- in a movie that 's unworthy of their talent.The extras are a waste of time . There 's a trailer , but it was n't that great a trailer so I had no desire to watch it again . I saw this movie because of the DeNiro/Pacino pairing , not because of the trailer . There 's a short feature on the movie itself with all the actors gushing about being able to work with the two legends . That feature only makes me wonder why there is n't a feature where the two legends sit down and talk to each other about working together and about their careers . Spike Lee and Denzel Washington did it in the extras for `` Inside Man , '' and I would have loved to see something similar here , but no dice . Instead we get a long , useless feature with real NYPD cops talking about their jobs and how their jobs compare to the movie . It 's the kind of thing I 'd expect to see on The Discovery Channel , but would never actually watch , and I did n't finish watching it on this DVD either . Not a single actor from the movie is in it.Even the most die-hard Pacino and DeNiro fans -- the nutters who 'll never admit to any flaws in their icons , and sweep all their recent terrible film choices under the rug -LRB- `` 88 Minutes '' , anyone ? -RRB- in favor of harping on the increasingly distant past -- are sure to be disappointed by this one . It 's just a crying shame that these guys could n't have spent the last 14 years finding another project that suited their talent , and really challenged them to step up to the plate again as great actors , instead of just phoning it in . This entire DVD is just a monument to a colossal missed opportunity .
 Further Clarification from an athlete 's point of view
 Further Clarification from an athlete 's point of view
 I have to agree with the reviewer who wrote about focusing entirely on the race . If I understand correctly what the person is trying to say , those of us who focus entirely on the race are n't even concerned with our heavenly rewards , much less our earthly rewards . So I do n't know why people are so upset . What 's the big issue ? And besides , many of us who marvel at our earthly rewards would n't go and sell everything we had anyway , and vow to a life of poverty . I seriously doubt Bruce Wilkinson would follow in the footsteps of Mother Teresa , clear his bank account , move to India or Asia -LRB- or even the inner city -RRB- , and pour the rest of his life into ministering to the poor and afflicted . The difference between Mother Teresa and us is that she did a lot of `` walking '' for Christ , whereas we just do a lot of talking and look to an eternal reward . As someone with a child-like heart once told us in Bible class , `` What difference does it make what you get in heaven ? '' The key to the answer is in your heart . That is , search your `` true '' heart and see what matters to you . Think about those words for a while . That is wisdom at its VERY best . I did .
 No one is arguing whether it 's ok to accept God 's rewards . That 's a moot point . C.S. Lewis ' needed to get a reality check . We 're merely stating that you need to take the focus off of the `` me '' and place the absolute focus back on God , period ! This is the real world with Christian struggles , not a Christian fantasy land of verbose semantics and philosophy . So here is THE BEST real-world illustration I have
 By the `` equation '' set out in the author 's two books , someone like John the Baptistshould have been more blessed than King David . But , God chose to bless eachof us according to `` His Plan '' . After all , Paul was chosen to carry forth theGospel with many other brethrens . According to the standards set `` by men `` today , Paul , a predator who hunted down early Christians would n't have had achance of being elected as a major contributor for the New Testament . Wouldyou anoint a serial killer with wisdom , and cleanse his sins with the sacrificeof your only Son ? No , because our society can not even forgive an adulterer ora serial rapist . But God chose to bless Paul according to His Plan . I am gladJesus did not pray in the Garden of Gethsemane , `` God , give me your entire ` warehouse ' of blessings now ! '' Rather , our Lord said , `` Your will be done . '' Doyou know of any Christians today who would be willing to follow in the footstepsof Jesus and give up his/her possessions , or better yet , John the Baptist , liveout in the desert and eat locust ? Think about that
 Book 's key point
 I have noticed that these books all follow the same premise - ` working for your salvation ' . Yes the Bible does say `` work out your salvation ... '' but ` work out ' is different from ` work for ' . One implies ' a process of learning ' the other ` work hard or else you 're going to be rejected ' . What is it about Christians that they are not happy unless they are beating themselves up over some failure to please God ? So they do ` more work ' to try and be accepted all the while not realizing they are striving ` under works of the law ' instead of ` resting in grace ' .
 To the editorial staff , I wrote the following review : C.S. Lewis ' needed to get a reality check. , March 13 , 2003Reviewer
 This book is way overpriced . I feel that if this is meant to be an inspiring book it should be written for everyone , everyone including those who can afford 10 dollars on a tiny book . WWJD ? would He charge people 10 bucks for inspiring them ? I highly doubt it .
 This book frankly amazed me . I was amazed at the price for such a small book ; and even more surprised by Wilkinson 's central thesis , that what we do here on Earth affects how we are rewarded in Heaven . The book seems to have basked in nothing but positive reviews - which are simply misleading . I know this is popular teaching in the US - less so in the UK . Why write a theological book when you can get to the top of the NY Times Bestsellers list with this?Wilkinson organises the book around two `` keys '' to eternal reward . The first key is belief -LRB- chapters seven onwards -RRB- , and the second is how our works affect our repayment in Heaven -LRB- chapters one to six -RRB- . The author presents a number of interesting concepts - such as the idea of property ownership in Heaven : `` What is surprising is what Jesus promises a faithful steward of His treasure . It is not , as you might expect , that you 'll steward more treasure in Heaven , but that you will own it . '' -LRB- p. 86 -RRB- Wilkinson 's argument rests upon the verse in Matthew 6
 I would rather focus on the race than the `` rewards '' . I would rather be the disciple that pours his heart towards Christ and His ministry than the Christian who is constantly thinking about his/her eternal gain . The Bible mentions MANY times about our `` rewards '' . But as Christian , we need to look beyond that , as God intends for all of us to set our spirit on the race . My love and joy will be in His presence , not His `` presents '' . When I come home for Christmas , I come home to share my love and be in the presence of my father and mother , not to pick up my `` Christmas presents . '' If there is anyone among you who can stand before God , the Lord Jesus Christ , the Holy Spirit , and all of the Heavenly Hosts and `` proudly '' state , `` Give me my inheritance '' , then let them claim their rewards .
 I have finished checking out `` A Life God Rewards '' . There are several issues . I will summarize all the feedback I received ... According to `` A Life God Rewards '' you are not working for your salvation but for how big your mansion will be in heaven . It is just another form of legalism that Paul fought in his day . It is an invention of law not a work of God 's grace.One reader gave an example of his two sisters . One was more interested in getting `` rewards '' from her parents , and the other could care less , as she was only there to love her parents . Which one of these sisters found favor ? He made a point that the `` Jones '' do not live in the Kingdom of Heaven , so that you wo n't have the keep up with them.True Christian focus is love , and the joy of being in His presence ; not getting His `` presents '' . We are not out to serve ourselves but to help others come to the same saving faith and future we have in the Savior . Our help is motivated by love not rewards . We `` so love '' because God `` so loved '' . Judas 's green eyed , out-to-help-himself attitude about Jesus ' mission led him to betray the Savior for a foolish reward . He cared about the purse strings ... JN 12:6 He did not say this because he cared about the poor but because he was a thief ; as keeper of the money bag , he used to help himself to what was put into it.The Bible teaches to `` love your neighbor as yourself '' not `` love your neighbor to reward yourself '' . The Bible teaches we `` ought to lay down our lives for our brothers '' not for our benefit . A life God rewards fosters a spirit of greed instead of a spirit of love and giving , and knowing God 's grace . If refocuses on the selfish instead of selfless ; a merit system about what I can achieve to better my eternity instead of how many people I can reach for Christ.Satan encourages us to think `` who is the greatest '' when God 's word says `` we have all fallen short '' . When the Twelve argued about this point Jesus said MK 9:35 ... `` If anyone wants to be first , he must be the very last , and the servant of all . `` We must remember that our Lord and God alone is worthy to receive glory and honor and power and worship , and the `` crowns '' we possess will be laid before His throne because He gave us our very being in first place ... REV 4:9 -11 Paul shows us that these crowns are our glory and joy in the presence of our Lord Jesus . They are the very brothers and sisters whom we shared the gospel , witnessed , and had played part in leading to the Lord ! Can you really think of anything more wonderful then to have someone in heaven come up to you and thank you for planting a seed that helped them down the path to salvation !?!? 1TH 2:19 For what is our hope , our joy , or the crown in which we will glory in the presence of our Lord Jesus when he comes ? Is it not you ? 20 Indeed , you are our glory and joy . -LRB- PHP 4:1 -RRB- ... The Philippians were Paul 's present joy as he received favorable reports of their spiritual growth , and their presence with Christ at his return would be his future crown when Christ comes to reward his servants.God alone is worthy because all our righteous acts are like filthy rags ... ISA 64:6 All of us have become like one who is unclean , and all our righteous acts are like filthy rags ; we all shrivel up like a leaf , and like the wind our sins sweep us away.God alone is worthy because every inclination of our heart is evil from childhood ... GE 8:20 Then Noah built an altar to the LORD and , taking some of all the clean animals and clean birds , he sacrificed burnt offerings on it . 21 The LORD smelled the pleasing aroma and said in his heart
 We were disappointed with the topic of this book and was n't really sure why the author decided to write about it -- actually , was turned off . In our walk with the Lord , we 've realized that many Christians do n't care about what God gives them in heaven . The issue of `` heavenly rewards '' is about as IRRELEVENT as someone writing a book on what the Kingdom of Heaven is like , do n't you think ? Will one of your mansions in heaven have burgundy or gold-accented drapes ? Will your floor tile be made out of diamonds or saphire ? What is the cut , clarity , color , and carat of each stone ? Will you have a large Italian marble fireplace in the great hall ? It 's all pretty irrelevent . As well , please leave the reward issue up to Him . Jesus ' disciples missed the mark COMPLETELY in their walk with God when they bickered among themselves as to who would be greater in the Kingdom of Heaven . And that is exactly what Satan anticipates that we will do , and even ENCOURAGES us to do so , to think about our greatness -- our rewards that we each can or did earn -- on an occasional basis . After all , Lucifer did . Has anyone thought perhaps that thinking about this is a sin ? Asking God who will sit next to Him at the table is equivalent to asking Him who He favors , and shall shower with a multitude of blessings and rewards . Like many sequels in Hollywood , this one turned out to be a poor one . The author 's first book was much better . There 's no comparison and it 's certainly not in the same ballpark . We were actually looking forward to this book , but were greatly disappointed . Part of the vision for our church this year is to be a Christian family that makes a difference by bringing nonbelievers or people who have wavered back to Christ . As our pastor said in his beautiful sermon last week , `` I do n't care if I get a reward , just as long as I can bring one person to Christ , towards salvation . '' Picture God looking down and saying to His children , `` Well said AND well done , my good and faithful servant . ''
 I never received my book I ordered . Not sure if I was refunded or not .
 I was very disappointed in this book . It was given to me by a friend and I was excited to read it . However , once I read it , it was clear that the enemy was at work here . This book should serve as a reminder that the enemy can and will infiltrate if allowed . We serve God because we love Him . We follow Jesus because we love Him . If we continue to serve because we love , the rewards are incidental and will take care of themselves . This book encourages one to take their focus off of God and re-focus on themselves . THAT is not from God . This book creates doubt and confusion . THAT is not from God . It emulates the secular mindset of `` it 's all about me and what I can achieve '' . It touts a merit system in heaven . Scripture has been taken out of context and the subtle twists and turns are not hard to see once you look closely . We need to be ever vigilant of the tactics of the enemy . This is one .
 Having read Wilkinson 's previous two books , I thought it might be beneficial to read this newest one . The book has a few bright moments , but is a general disappointment containing some confused theology , especially in the area of what the Bible teaches about death and resurrection . His logic often leaves you thinking , `` Huh ? `` One example of the confused theology is when he quotes Luke 14:13 -14 on page 30 . He is trying to make a point about eternal rewards that believers supposedly receive immediately after death , yet in the text Jesus says believers will be repaid `` at the resurrection of the just . '' The Bible plainly teaches that the resurrection occurs at the Second Coming of Jesus which is the end of the world . -LRB- Job 19:25 -27 ; Daniel 12:2 -4 ; John 14:1 -4 ; 1Corinthians 15:50 -55 ; 1Thessalonians 4:13 -18 ; Titus 2:11 -14 -RRB- . At His coming Jesus brings His rewards with Him . -LRB- Revelation 22:12 -RRB- . They are not received before that time.Though a part of the `` Breakthrough Series '' I kept waiting for the breakthrough to break through in each chapter only to be let down . The book may have been intended for readers with a basic knowledge of the Bible , but anyone seeking to deepen their spiritual walk with God would do better spending more time in the Bible itself.Many will eagerly purchase this book due to the popularity and `` frenzy '' over the `` Prayer of Jabez , '' though Wilkinson 's book , `` Secrets of the Vine '' is the most valuable/accurate of the three in terms of practical faith and Biblical theology . He might have done better by leaving this newest topic alone . Save your money on this one .
 I got my copy of this book as a freebee from `` Crossings Book Club '' . I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on it because in a nutshell , this book is totally wrong . If you listen to Bruce Wilkerson , your heavenly reward is based on your works . Nothing in scripture supports this.I always refer people who are lulled into this kind of thinking to the parable of the laborers . Those who were hired at the end of the day received the same pay as those who started at six o'clock . . And did n't Jesus promise the thief on the cross that he would be with him in paradise ? He did n't tell the thief that since he was a `` Johnny-come-lately '' that he would be in a lesser place in heaven . He said `` you will be WITH ME . `` Once we have committed ourselves to Christ , the Holy Spirit will guide our works . We do n't have to keep our own scorecard . We just have to be obedient to the Spirit and he will show us what our work is to be .
 I found this book difficult to be enthusiastic about . It is definitely the most controversial of Wilkinson 's books so far . Wilkinson maintains that in order to be rewarded in Heaven we must have good works . It seems like he is saying that we must have rewards in Heaven in order to be satisfied . This is off the mark . We should be striving for God 's will and do as He would have us to , but not only to get rewards . The books reasonings seem selfish . There is little information about faith . I expected much better .
 I 've been to a few Promise Keeper Conventions where `` many '' men -LRB- not all -RRB- pour forth their hearts to God . If you 've never had the awesome experience of listening to 48,000 + people worship and sing songs such as `` Holy , Holy , Holy '' to their Lord , you wo n't understand . It 's truly awesome and unique , very different from worshipping with a group of 30 or 700 people in church . That said , if you 're not `` satisfied '' with what heaven has to offer and you have to think about rewards during a Promise Keeper Convention , then your life is meaningless . In the presence of God , you 're there to do only one thing
 I like this better than the All Cardio Step DVD But not as much as The `` 15 Minute Work out for dummies '' That Gay Gasper does . I wish there was a better routine to the exercises .
 The video is strictly for beginners -- which I should have known . It is slow slow slow . Makes the work out go on for what seems like forever . I am returning to 8 minute abs and arms legs and buns . It too is for beginners but does not waste the video time the Dummies tape does .
 Since I had recently joined a gym , I thought I 'd familiarize myself with what a basic aerobic routine might consist of before I actually walked into one of these classes and made a fool of myself . So I went on a hunt for an appropriate DVD to sort of test the waters . From the description on the package , this workout was supposed to be tailored for folks who have little or no experience with aerobics and may not have the best co-ordination in the world . That seemed to suit me to a T.I popped the disc in the player and was ready to burn some fat . Keeping in mind that this workout is supposed to be for `` dummies '' , the first couple of moves the instructor does are not only complicated , but she does n't take the time to do them slowly the first time around AND there are no close-ups on the maneuvers for you to try and get the gist of the motion while she 's going at 100MPH . So I sat down on the couch while she did that part of the routine.At long last , she finally gets to some moves that she does in slow-mo at first , but as the workout progresses , she will combine 2 , 3 or 4 moves and if you are not a natural at dancing or remembering steps , you will easily wind up losing track of what you are supposed to be doing , just standing there watching her exercise and thinking to yourself , `` Hey , I wonder what 's on Comedy Central ? '' I just wiggled around and made up my own dopey moves in an attempt to keep my heart rate up to 150 . I stuck it out , tripping and stumbling my way to the end of this agonizing workout . Surprisingly enough , I 've yet to watch this DVD again or make another attempt at this workout . It definitely is n't accurately described by the creators . And while it would n't be the first 15 bucks I 've wasted in my life , I hate feeling like I 've been ripped off.For the uncoordinated such as myself , forget the aerobics alltogether and get a workout such as John Basedow 's `` Basics '' or Gunnar Peterson 's `` Core Secrets '' . Both keep your heart pumping , are easy to follow and have enough variety to keep you interested.And for those of you who wonder why I gave this DVD 2 stars instead of 1 , `` Fat Burning Workout for Dummies '' did spare me the embarrassment of taking a real aerobics class and falling down flat on my gluteus maximus .
 Because of the title , I expected this to be a low impact , easy to do aerobic workout so I was dissappointed to find out it is not . Also , it goes from step-by-step instructions on how to do the steps , which is extremely slow so you ca n't get your heart rate up . Then it switches to full speed ahead when you are actually doing the excercises like they are supposed to be done , so for me it was like there was no warm up . I 'm not in excellant condition , but neither am I a beginner , but I was huffing and puffing after just a few minutes and barely made it to 10 minutes before I had to stop because it was not comfortable for me . So , I think that it should be explained in the product description that the workout is high intensity . Maybe they should title the next one `` for Dumber Dummies ? ''
 This product is no better than a poor standard VHS transfer - Grainy & poor sound - Total Disappointment for a great film
 The first disc offers a recording of the Ordo Virtutum . The music itself is well performed but the visual aspect does not add anything , in fact it makes the music less enjoyable . The performance is stiff -LRB- what to expect ? -RRB- and does not communicate the sense of mystic experience that the original context must have had . In the first disc you 'll also find an interview to Matthew and Mary Fox . What they say is quite informative , but it could have been done in 20 less minutes . They focus on theological and political aspects and are not competent in music , nor pretend to be -LRB- at some point the Ordo is referred to as an Opera ! -RRB- . The second CD contains a TV movie on the life of Hildegard . Badly done , very boring , not informative at all . I definitely do not recommend this DVD .
 I thought I would check out othr type movies , and I love Japanese type . This movie was made in 1995 . The setting mobster type with an assasin -LRB- Black Orkid -RRB- . This is something you would expect from an old american detective type flick . But it has a good plot.The movie is easy to follow lots of action not much sex only the beganing scene . But it does flow well . Funny dialogs too . I was happy I purchased it , liked the movie and how it was done . You wo n't go wrong with it .
 I had to return for an exchange . The DVD did n't work . We 'll see how the new one is when I get it .
 Thoroughly Moronic MillieWow ! I think that when I 'm on my deathbed , my greatest regret will be having forever lost the 21/2 hours of my life I squandered watching one of the lamest , botched attempts at musical comedy ever vomited onto the silver screen . If you should hate your boss so much that you 'd like to pull a John Wilkes Booth on him or her , then hand the reprobate a copy of this 1920s satire and glow about how great you thought it was . He or she should have hung him - or herself in their garage by the end of the first act.Blake Edwards was a first-class director and always got the best performance from his actors , but he often had a knack for creating comedies that were so dry they made Death Valley look like the Pacific Ocean . The original Arthur was one of his rare exceptions.There was terrible miscasting to contend with as well . Although Julie Andrews gives a knockout performance and carries the movie , she is a bad choice and likely got the role for being Blake Edwards ' wife . No one has ever really justified how her aristocratic London accent makes sense here , given that her role is that of a flunky secretary who wants to find a rich boss to marry for financial security . There 's nothing in the plot that elucidates why she 's the only British person in the movie . How much sense would it make for William F. Buckley to play the role of Rocky Balboa instead of Sylvester Stallone ? Or maybe one of the Wayans brothers as Hamlet ? I rest my case.And pointing out that this is a tongue-in-cheek , campy little romp does n't cut it
 We purchased this DVD thinking it would be fun family entertainment , something along the lines of The Music Man or South Pacific . It did n't appeal to any of us . It really did n't grab our interest , and the songs were n't even familiar .
 Country girl Millie -LRB- Julie Andrews -RRB- comes to the big city in search of a husband . While she is being transformed from a hick to a bobbed beauty , she meets up with a poor orphan girl , Dorothy -LRB- Mary Tyler Moore -RRB- and both rent rooms at the `` Single Girls ' Hotel '' . Turns out , that the owner of this place , Mrs. Meers -LRB- Beatrice Lillie -RRB- , is employed to find `` lonely , orphan girls '' and turn them in to a Chinese white slavery ring . Mrs. Meers ' radar is on Dorothy and attempts to chloroform her , but usually fails , thanks to Millie 's helpful accidental intrusions . Other characters are introduced , Jimmy -LRB- James Fox -RRB- her guy friend , Trevor Graydon -LRB- John Gavin -RRB- Millie 's employer , and Muzzy -LRB- Carol Channing -RRB- the gang 's rich friend . Ultimately , the story ends with saving Dorothy from the white slavers and Millie 's dream of marrying an employer is fulfilled.The acting is ridiculous and the general plot is plain stupid . There was some mystery concerning Mrs. Meers and slavers , but eventually that turned out stupid too . I do have to say though , her fail of attempts at doping Dorothy were pretty funny . Julie Andrews ' acting was n't bad , but everybody else was too exaggerated . Mary Tyler Moore 's and Carol Channing 's voices were extremely aggravating and I had a hard time to maintain sanity throughout the whole thing.The only reason I 'm giving it two stars was because the music was catchy , especially the theme song and the Yiddish song Andrews sang at the Jewish wedding.I should also comment that the MPAA rating should be more PG than G . There was some language and suggestive content , especially about the white slavery issue . Just to keep in mind around the real young audiences .
 When I ordered the DVD from an american company I did n't realize that it only played in the UK .
 I saw this movie more than once during its theatrical release in the 1960s , and enjoyed it very much . However , for some reason , when I bought the new DVD and saw it again , I found it to be so tedious and embarassingly corny that I turned it off after the first half-hour and donated the disk to my library . The acting is all annoyingly over-the-top , and James Fox , in particular , is so hyperactive I wanted to shoot him with a tranquilizer dart . Maybe it was the difference between viewing as a kid and as an adult , but this film has really lost its luster .
 This film is well interesting . Julie Andrews played the role the best she could , however I do n't think it is close to her at her best ... -LRB- Her best was Sound of Music , by far -RRB- . Yet , she did excellent and as always her voice is lovely.I thought Mary Tyler Moore did a fine job as Miss Dorothy . The trouble with the movie comes with Carol Channing . She played this role so annoyingly I almost wanted Mrs. Meers to knock her over the head when they were fighting , I mean how did this girl make it ? She ca n't sing , ca n't dance and ca n't act ... a triple blow.Also James Fox was a mess . There was absolutely no chemistry between him and Julie . -LRB- Do n't watch Sound of Music before this movie because after watching Julie and Chris Plummer you wo n't be able to believe that Millie and Jimmy are in love . -RRB- Another thing that bothered me was there was a lot of mind singing , so the thoughts were sung in the background while things happened . The opening number was great , yet it would have been even better if it was a big number sung by everyone.I guess the reason I am hard on this movie is because the new stage production is a million times better . The Muzzy we saw was African American and totally right for the role ... inspiring not obnoxtious . Millie and Jimmy were convincing and the new and improved songs were not my favorite , but pretty good . There were showstopping numbers and it was never boring . So see the new TMM !
 With the exception of a few songs and key lines I found this movie to be extemely disappointing in comparrison to the Broadway show . In my opinion , Julie Andrews lacked the spunk that Millie 's character required and Carol Channing was just horrible as Muzzy ! I do think Mary Tyler Moore was a very good `` Miss Dorothy '' and I was impressed by the dancing , much more so than the singing . If you are wanting to purchase this as a reminder of the Broadway musical , I would recommend purchasing the CD of the songs from the show instead .
 I was going to give this movie 1 star until I realized that I gave `` Moulin Rouge '' that ranking , and I ca n't possibly hate a movie as much as that one.You might think from my ratings of these two movie musicals that I do n't like movie musicals . Not so . I like GOOD movie musicals , not stinky ones like this . I wish I could have been a fly on the wall when the powers that be sat around the table planning this one . Actually , on paper `` Thoroughly Modern Millie '' does n't look half bad , so maybe it 's the final screening I would have loved to have spied on . What were they thinking?If this movie had ended at intermission , it would n't have been so bad . As it is , this one is deadly , and it does n't help that it comes in at a -LSB- mind -RSB- - numbing 21/2 hours . No one , but no one comes out the better for having been involved with this movie . Let 's just start with Julie Andrews , since she is the star of the show . She 's completely miscast , and about 15 years too old for the part . She does her best to make something of this mess , but too frequently simply gives up and resorts to playing her part like Maria from `` The Sound of Music '' -LRB- a movie musical I liked , by the way -RRB- . James Fox , who plays her love interest , is almost unbearably mannered in his performance , with a full repertoire of facial contortions and nervous tics that will send you to the kitchen for countless refills of popcorn , long after the popcorn is gone.Mary Tyler Moore is simply dreadful in the most thankless role ever put to screen . I was shocked to learn that she was already starring in `` The Mary Tyler Moore '' show when this came out , but then I remembered that she had also been in the `` Dick Van Dyke Show , '' so she has no excuse for being so rotten.Beatrice Lillie as the villianess might have been funny if she was given anything funny to do.Carol Channing is Carol Channing , weird and hyper . However , she alone of the cast seems to know what the hell she 's doing , and any scene involving her ends up being a highlight of the film.I do n't know why they decided to make this a musical . Musicals were gasping for breath by 1967 anyway ; for every `` My Fair Lady '' or `` The Sound of Music , '' there was a `` Doctor Dolittle '' and `` Camelot . '' The music in `` Millie '' seems added on as an afterthought , since hardly any of the songs have anything to do with the plot , and director George Roy Hill could n't direct a musical number if his life depended on it.Speaking of Hill , I 'll save my last comments for him . He 's all wrong for this film . I 'm assuming the movie was intended to be a satirical send-up of 20 's silent melodramas , since it comes complete with reaction shots aimed directly at the camera and title cards elaborating on characters ' emotions . But if that 's so , why does Hill set everything to such a plodding pace ? The thing staggers along like a rabid dog before finally collapsing under the weight of its inanity . One wishes Atticus Finch would emerge from behind a tree and put this particular rabid dog -LRB- and the audience -RRB- out of its misery.You know what the most memorable thing about this movie is ? The title song . You 'll be singing it for days and days and days and days afterwards . Enjoy.Grade
 I did not think too highly of Thoroughly Modern Millie . The acting fell flat -LRB- especially the overstatement of Carol Channing -RRB- and it was mostly plotless . Plus it was blatantly racist . `` If Mrs. Meers is with the Chinese , she 's into something really big ... '' Two stars because the idiocy of the movie was funny in spots , and it is good only if there is no other alternative .
 I saw this movie last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , because my school did the play -LRB- which is fabulous -RRB- . I was aware of the racism in the story at that time , but only knew it to be mild and shown in a negative light . I was horrified by what I saw in the movie . The adorable , sweet , funny Ching Ho and Bun Foo , are replaced by creepy , perverted , ` Orientals ' , who come from a Chinatown , that bares a resemblance to the Biblical image of Babylon . The Chinese are portrayed as rat-like vermin , and the actual images of Big Mary 's Tart Shop , were horribly disturbing , showing the young women , whom Mrs. Meers -LRB- the strange , Chinese-effected owner of the Hotel Priscilla -RRB- has kidnapped , writhing in gags and cords , while they are packed into shipping crates , for the trip to the streets of Hong Kong.Julie Andrews is the absolute opposite of Millie in the musical ; feisty , loud , flapper-ish , ambitious , and obnoxious - not poised , blessed with a posh British accent , and of course -LRB- judging by the aforesaid -RRB- , British ; the unwanted daughter of the Duke of Cornwall , or an origin to that effect . Mrs. Meers is merely an elderly white woman , effected , with simply sticks in her hair . Carrol Chaning as Muzzy van Hossmere - Good heavens ! - There is nothing good about this movie , except for it shows where the musical comes from , and more accurately how things looked in 1922 . I recommend this movie only to particularly vindictive , psychopathic racists , who want to see the young Mary Tyler Moore .
 I have to send this one back it was not formatted correctly on the disc to work . I have tried it on 5 different DVD players . I will be returning it and while there is the option for money back there is not for a new product . I was really excited to watch this movie .
 First of all , I have had previous experience with yoga but still consider myself to be at a beginner level.The premise sounded like something that would be both invigorating and interesting
 I liked the idea of combining strength training w / yoga & pilates , but this workout left me uninspired.I 'm not sure what 's wrong with it , though . I like Kim , the instructor , well enough . Yeah , with her calm , cool delivery she comes across a bit cyborg-ish , but I kinda prefer that to an in-your-face instructor like Denise Austin , who 's continuous yapping is distracting when I 'm trying to focus.And the routine , well , it seems balanced enough . The yoga stuff was nice -- nothing out of the ordinary , just some good solid postures held for a nice length of time . I was n't thrilled with the weight work -- she used very light weights & whizzed thru the reps very fast . If you 're not used to working out w / weights , you may strain yourself trying to keep up . If you ARE used to weight training , then flinging itty bitty weights around for a few sets is n't gon na do much for you , and if you wan na go heavier you probably wo n't be able to keep up with her lightening reps w/out your form suffering.I found the abs section challenging in some places , but my effort was mainly from the speed with which Kim had us whipping our bodies up & down , back and forth . When doing core work , I tend to want to go slow -- really lock in those abs & maintain control throughout the exercise . That was hard to do during this segment , and while my abs felt worked out the following day , I think they could 've been hit harder if I had shut off the tape & done the exercises at a more focused pace -LRB- see my review for Denise Austin 's Mat Work Based on Pilates -- so far the only Pilates tape that 's really delivered for me , despite her yapping , hehehe -RRB- . Anyway , while I ca n't think of anything I * really * dislike about Yoga Fusion Strength & Sculpt , I have a hard time recommending it . The workout left me flat . It gets my blood pumping a bit , but does n't leave me glowing like a good power yoga routine will . I have dozens of workout tapes that I reach for on a regular basis , but this one 's been gathering dust cause I never seem to want to do it.Beginners might like it , though , but man , there are so many terrific , classic beginner yoga/pilates/etc tapes out there , I think I 'd go that route , if I were starting over again .
 This DVD was a major disappointment . They have no music by George Harrison . There is music , about three songs , just background noise , and not even done by George or the Beatles - some other group . It 's mostly some childhood friend talking about George and their school days - very boring . George Martin and some other guy also talk . There is no worthwhile footage of George . It is so poorly done . I would not even recommend to a die hard fan of George 's , which I am . There is absolutely no worthwhile information .
 On the back of this DVD 's packaging it reads `` Beautiful Stranger is a film that traces the entire life of George Harrison , from the day he was born until the day he died . '' That 's quite a claim ; I wish the DVD inside had lived up to it . What it really covers is a few of the broadest themes of his life from his childhood up until about 1967 , and then about the last two years of his life . I will tell you right now what the video reveals : As a child , George was compassionate but mischievous , and though he was very bright he detested school . -LRB- Not all that surprising , since one of the few new factoids I got from this DVD was that at least one of his teachers was in the habit of hitting him with a shoe . I could 've happily lived and died without hearing quite so many vivid descriptions of discipline in a 1950s British elite boys ' school . -RRB- George was very spiritually minded and charitable , but also a shrewd businessman out of necessity.George was not as esteemed a member of the Beatles as John Lennon and Paul McCartney but was an integral part of the group as time went on.George was attacked just before the turn of the century , and died of cancer about two years later.Anyone who has read so much as one quality book or seen one decent program on George 's life or anything about the Beatles already knows all of this . Meanwhile it leaves completely untouched the huge expanse of time that I think most die-hard fans of George are hoping to tap into when picking up this DVD - namely something about the 32 or so years between the Beatles ' time in India and the night George was attacked in his home . He had a whole career and family life during that time , and arguably did his best work both as a musician and a human being during that period . Would it have been so incredibly hard to spend a half hour documenting his solo career ? Throw in something about his family , perhaps ? How much he loved restoring Friar Park ? His enjoyment of Formula One racing ? His collection of Hawaiian shirts ? Come on , now , if you ca n't even make mention of the album `` All Things Must Pass '' or the ground-breaking Concert for Bangladesh , you 've no business claiming that your DVD `` traces the entire life of George Harrison '' ! As if this were n't bad enough , there is absolutely no Beatles or George Harrison music and very little live footage of George . The video also has a maddening habit of going back and forth in time just for the sake of stringing together some smaller narratives , like the fact that Brian Epstein died just before he was supposed to join the Beatles in India . A story of George smoking as a teenager suddenly launches the viewer forward in time by over forty years to underline the early roots of his death from cancer.This has obviously struck quite a nerve with me . I 'm not normally one to rant like this but I really feel the producers of this film took advantage of my thirst to celebrate George Harrison 's life . I 'm a huge fan of George 's , have been since I was 14 , he was one of the greatest joys and inspirations of my young life , and I miss him terribly ... this was such a distant , grim portrayal of such a brilliant man ... it brought back the pain of missing him more so than the joy of his life . I have to say , if you really love George Harrison ... do NOT buy this DVD . Try reading `` I Me Mine '' or `` Here Comes the Sun , '' or for something faster maybe Geoffrey Juliano 's book about George . You 'll be happier that way ... in fact I think I 'm going to dive into one of those right now to lift my spirits after seeing this video .
 I 've got a handful of other Pilates videos and DVD 's and was looking for a new addition . I took classes at a Pilates studio for awhile too . Anything `` For Dummies '' turns me off , but based on reviews , I bought this DVD . It really should say that it 's a Pilates based workout , because the instructor is doing her own version of Pilates mat routine excersices and never mentions some of the most fundamental basics - never talks about the Pilates position which is crucial to getting the full benefits , and also never talks about proper breathing in Pilates which is in and out through the nose , not the loud exhale through the mouth that she does . I 'd prefer to have been able to see the instructor 's positions more clearly and from different angles then have her talking through what she 's doing which muffles her voice if she 's on her stomach or in any tucked positions . She 's pleasant and attractive , but I 'd just rather have better instruction , see better form and have a count instead of having to always watch to see where we are in the workout . I personally also found the side bar stuff -LRB- icons and tips etc -RRB- on Dummies very annoying.This is also a very limited program . You 've got 2 workouts with too many interuptions to explain the next exercies . Too much wasted time and loss of flow . The 30 min workout is deceiveing because of instruction time in between actually doing the excercises . I can see that maybe in the beginner section , but the intermediate does it too . I much prefer the DVD I have that has an intro and instruction of new excersices at each level -LRB- basic through challenging -RRB- and then lets you actually do a workout without teaching breaks . If you want to learn or continue in your practice of authentic Pilates , and have a versatile DVD that will advance with you , keep looking . If you want a program you 'll use for about 2-4 weeks -LRB- less if you 're not an ultimate beginner -RRB- , then buy Pilates For Dummies .
 Before you buy an exercise video , its good to know what you are looking for . As a totally uncoordinated , thin couch potato , I wanted a workout that slowly introduces me to the different positions , which builds my strength , increases my flexibility , and helps me relax . I decided to try outPilates Workout for DummiesandBasic Yoga Workout for Dummies.I triedBasic Yoga Workout for Dummiesfirst as yoga was recommended by my sister . I could n't have been happier - the moves are explained slowly , in great detail . I am gaining strength and flexibility , and am really learning to relax.I then triedPilates Workout for Dummies -LRB- I thought I would alternate it with the Yoga tape -RRB- and must say I was disappointed . I knew something was wrong as soon as I heard Michelle Dozois . She 's very pleasant , quite chirpy in fact . But she speaks way too fast . I just did not get the calm , relaxed feeling as i did from the yoga tape.She starts by rapidly explaining the basics of pilates , ie , how to align the ` box ' -LRB- torso , abdomen , hips -RRB- properly , as this is key to pilates . As a person with poor coordination , I could n't really follow what she was saying , and started getting discouraged . Great , I thought , I ca n't even align my body right , how am I going to do the exercises?Not very well was the answer . Dozois speeds through the exercises -LRB- 18 moves in less than 40 minutes ! -RRB- . While many reviewers here feel her explanations are just right , and others feel they are too much , I share the opinion of the few who feel there is too little , and what is presented is presented way too quickly . I could n't really understand much of what she was talking about and demonstrating , and thus could n't do the moves properly . I really am a dummy when it comes to workouts.Also , as other reviewers mention , easier modifications are presented not at the beginning of each move , but in the middle or towards the end . By then , I either had sore muscles or stopped altogether because I was discouraged.I quit trying in middle of the workout , watched the rest of the video , and then went back to my yoga workout . I have n't used this dvd since.If you want rock hard abs and buns of steel , and have at least a little coordination -LRB- ie , you are n't a true dummy when it comes to workouts -RRB- you 'll like this tape . However , if you are a true dummy , and therefore need to move quite slowly , and if you want to relax while gaining strength and flexibility , then this tape may not work for you .
 I 've taken a few Pilates classes but they are just too expensive for me so I 've been tying out DVD 's and tapes to use at home . I liked that I 'd get a Beginner and an Intermediate workout on one disc , and there were lots of great reviews . In reality , I got the most annoying beginner program I 've ever seen . If all `` Dummies '' tapes are like this , then this is my first and last . I do n't like the boxed in frames or the pop ups . As for Michelle , she 's very personable and might be good in a live situation , but on tape there 's just too much time spent setting things up . After I did the intermediate workout I went for a run just to feel something . I 'd prefer to have an intermediate workout that says to go back to the beginner if you have trouble with any of the moves instead of the drawn out breaks to talk about and demo the next move before actually doing it . This is really the downfall with most tapes , not just this one . But , for the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- I spent , I suppose I 've gotten my money 's worth with the approximately 40 min of real time spent on exercise between the beginner and intermediate section combined . A 45 min class was costing me -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . For now , I 'll stick with the book I 've been happy with -LRB- The Pilates Body by Brooke Siler -RRB- and I 'll keep borrowing tapes from the library or renting from the store until I find one worth buying .
 I found this video to be a good introduction to Pilates itself , however , * extremely * boring . When they mean `` for dummies '' , they REALLY mean `` for dummies '' , because they spend SO much time explaining everything up front . They do walk through the positions with you and describe them well , but then go a bit fast for a beginner to keep up and get into the next position . Overall , though , after you 've watched it a time or two and have memorized the positions ... it just about puts you to sleep .
 I tried this exercise program and was pretty disappointed . It does not really have good flow to me . It does n't have a `` warm up '' session to help your body limber up which is very important . It also is not done to music , so in the long run , I think it would have bored me . There are also a lot of moves in it that are not good for your body -LRB- rocking while on stomach , etc. -RRB- . Anyone with any type of back problem should not do this program.The instructor did a good job of explaining the positions and moves though.I tried this program because I did `` Callanetics '' years ago and it is similar in its approach . Callanetics toned your body very quickly . It did not have the moves here that I consider not good for your body.I am mid forties , so someone who has been exercising regularly or younger may not feel the same as I do about this program . I am active , but not very limber , and I am careful about not doing exercises that can be harmful ... If you have a hurt back then you ca n't exercise at all !! My best advice is to read several reviews -LRB- both high stars and low stars ratings -RRB- to see if this is really right for you before purchasing . Many people enjoyed it and many did n't , so decide for yourself . Or rent it from your local video store and then if you like it ... come back here and buy it !
 Am I the only one who found the basic workout difficult ? The pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though I have done this workout several times now , my back almost always is very painful for at least 24 hours afterward . I have found that , apart from a few exercises , the intermediate workout is easier .
 This video has good production value , yet is restricted only to basic Pilates movements ; it does not demonstrate how you can progress in the Pilates method . Another limitation of this video is that it does NOT include the importance of flowing movement , rhythm , dynamics , and energetic tempos , all of which Joseph Pilates believed are essential to his method of body conditioning . I would recommend Classical Pilates technique videos because they demonstrate Joseph Pilates original method . It is very important to see the ENTIRE RANGE of exercises to develop and appreciation for Joseph Pilates ' brilliant method , and to inspire you to higher levels of accomplishment and energizing fun !
 Her first workout is the pilates `` hundred '' . I do n't know about you , but the average person probably ca n't lie on their back and put their legs about 90 degrees in the air with their legs pretty straight.I think this video is advanced . The moves following that are even harder.If I was advanced in pilates , why would i buy this workout video anyway?I do n't know who they are making workout videos for . They should be making it for beginners , they are the ones that need help .
 My only experience with Pilates is about 10 workouts with The Method -LRB- a pilates based system -RRB- tape and I 've started using an `` authentic Pilates '' book -LRB- The Pilates Body -RRB- . I was looking for a DVD that would supplement and chose this one because it said it has a beginner and an intermediate routine , and because so many of the reviews were good.I 've used it 5 times and I 'm pretty much done with this DVD . The beginner routine was just annoying with all the gabble and those ridiculous icons and pop up hints . Good thing I 'm not a total beginner or I 'd have strained myself by the time she shows modifications . The Intermediate routine was also frustrating because by the time I skipped over the instructors talk and showing how to do the next thing , there was n't enough left to do at a pace that I felt any benefit . I do think you can get an effective workout with Pilates in 25-30 minutes , but only if it 's a moderate or fast pace and moves quicker from on exercise to the next in the series.I have to give it 2 stars - one for the nice set and pleasant instructor , and one for the good marketing that got me to buy it . If you 're a total beginner , pretty out of shape , or just like to have a chatty , attractive instructor over getting a good paced effective workout , then you will get some benefit from Pilates for Dummies .
 I bought this DVD because I assumed the Dummy collection -LRB- s -RRB- have something usefule for everyone . But have you ever bought a video and wanted your learning to grow with it ? I found this video on the slow side . There 's actually too much teaching , and too much interruption of exercises . It was hard to get a good vigorous workout . Although they show some so-called intermediate exercises , I did n't feel challenged . Although the Dummy collections try to be everything for everyone , this video did not inspire me .
 This is a good video , but only for very basic viewing and reference material . I love Pilates because it 's fasinating and inspiring ! When you experience the energy and inspiration of traditional Pilates taught by true Pilates professionals , you will want to keep Pilates in your body forever.This video is not traditional because you do n't see the full range of exercises and mat levels , and because passion is missing . What happens after you see basic Pilates exercises and you want to learn more ? Answer
 I rented this DVD and was surprised at the lack of warm up and cool down . It was really more like a reference guide for moves .
 I was very disappointed in this video . This one will stay on the shelf and gather dust . There is no warming up prior to doing the exercising , which makes getting into the positions hard , because the muscles are not warmed up . Also , the instructor is extremly fast performing the positions for this being a dummies program . If this is your first time of trying pilates I would find a different dvd.I wish I would of spent my money on a different dvd . I enjoy yoga and Tai Chi but this was my first time doing pilates . I have no desire to carry on with pilates . I will stick to Yoga and Tai Chi .
 I wanted to buy this , but rented from the library to try it out first . I did the easier/beginners workout . I thought the pace was great . She tells you at the beginning she will do it first to show you , and then you do it together . Once in a while it had little side video of what not to do to break form . As I worked out I thought `` man , I 'm going to be sore tomorrow '' . A couple of the exercises I could n't even do -LRB- like laying on your stomach and lifting your legs and shoulders off the ground -RRB- . However , with as hard and effective as I thought this video was when I was doing it , I did NOT wake up sore the next day . At all . I should have which tells me I was doing all of the moves wrong somehow . Something was missing in the video . Something that would have helped me have an effective workout . I am puzzled .
 I bought this dvd after doing the pilates weightloss workout for dummies for a couple weeks . I was told by my doctor that this is great exercise for folk with bad backs . I absolutely love the other pilates dummy DVD and its brilliant for the first timer . This is also under the beginners group of pilates . I have tried it 2 times now and I find it Very , Very difficult to do and rushed . The instructor although very competent , I do n't think has really thought through the routine . It is all mat based and she does go into correct positioning . But you find yourself going onto your tummy then onto your back then onto your tummy again . I found some of the exercises incredibly hard from a strength point of view and although they give a basic feature of the same exercise - I tried them and still found it really hard . I would suggest if anyone is interested in this DVD they should at least have done pilates for a good while . I shall carry on doing it but I do n't think its anywhere near as good as the Pilates weightloss workout for dummies . If you are a true beginner then I would really recommend this DVD to start with ... . please see my review of this DVD .
 I 've recently started back with Pilates after a 4 year break . Since this had a beginner and intermediate workout , I thought it would be a good reintroduction for me . It 's very mediocre . Like most tapes out there , there 's too much time taken by the instructor teaching and demonstrating before every exercise in the routine . This is ok if you 're a real beginner , but after the first 5-6 times through , or if you have some experience and familiarity , it gets very old . Once you forward through , you 've lost the flow -LRB- picking up and putting down the remote a zillion times -RRB- and only get about 20 minutes of workout.The routines themselves are pretty good for newbies or out of shape people . The intermediate workout could really use more challenging exercises and less instruction between each one . If you 're a true beginner and you use this tape at least 3x week , you 'll be ready to buy something else in about a month tops . I wanted to give it a true middle rating of 2.5 .
 Do n't attempt some of these exercises if you have lower back problems . This is not for beginners .
 This DVD might be excellent for passing small chunks of time unproductively , but beginner , intermediate , and advanced Pilates students are being CHEATED if they work out to this DVD . I am a certified instructor , and I was very dismayed to discover that in this DVD almost no concern is given to proper PILATES style breathing , which differs significantly from most regular breathing patterns . The Pilates breathing technique is the key to achieving significant results , -LRB- yes , those ripped abs -RRB- , from your Pilates workout . This DVD rehashes the watered-down Pilates techniques arbitrarily presented in other fitness classes through the years , and is not at all representative of Pilates . Normally I love the Crunch series , but if you truly want to learn Pilates in an understandable , achievable and body changing format , try Classical Pilates Complete Workout by Bob Liekens , et al. . It is an excellent video , and it also allows a choice between several `` levels '' of Pilates in both short and longer formats . Pilates for Dummies is also a good DVD choice for beginning and intermediate Pilates students .
 Okay so this is Pilates for Dummies - maybe for me they should write Pilates for Fools ! I 've watched these moves and tried them but to no avail - I got confused with the breathing when to 's and not to 's and the rolling ! My Lord ! This tape is not for beginners which I am - it goes on the belief that the watcher knows what the heck they 're doing ! It also is not for people who are any bigger than the instructor ! Sheesh ! Not worth the money - very disappointed in this .
 so easy and instructional , not a workout video to anyone who has any knowledge of fitness whatsoever
 This video has very good production quality , and it is well organized , yet there is so much instruction that you do NOT get a good workout . Pilates should be a vigorous workout , and you should sweat ! Explaining too many details removes the zest and fun and life from your movement ! The Dummy series has a good reputation , yet it is possible to dumb-down too much . The main purpose of exercising is actually defeated when you do not get a good workout that will energize you and make you feel better .
 my body was not designed to spiral out into say contorted moves . I think I was DUMMY to buy this and think I could do . I do 30 minutes of jobbing and do a tai chi class once a week , but I will never be able to do this kind of workout . It was not a good video and I think the style it shows was poorly done .
 Why do you seldom see men doing Pilates ? I bought this video but was somewhat disappointed . Although the woman who primarily demonstrates exercises seems good , it 's sometimes good to see male strength and stamina show a workout . This helps me understand that Pilates is NOT only for women . So I looked high and low for a DVD that has a man who practices Pilates . I finally found one
 In error I was shipped the wrong item , I received Volume 1 not Volume 3 that I ordered . I have requested information about how to exchange for the correct item but have not received a reply .
 This is an extremely disappointing documentary for what could have been as gripping a DVD as Cocaine Cowboys.Many years ago F.E.D.S. Magazine conducted an incredible tell-all interview with Alpo Martinez . That magazine issue included a CD with an hour and 18 minutes of audio from Alpo recorded from prison phone calls . Alpo offered a complete breakdown of his start in the world of cocaine , the nature of his friendships with Rich Porter and AZ , and what ultimately landed him in prison.This documentary does n't remotely scratch the surface of what Alpo discussed , instead providing interview clips with a random assortment of people who had nothing to do with the rise and fall of the three coke kingpins.Much of the 41-minute DVD is dedicated to the kidnapping of Rich Porter 's younger brother , and features an interview with sister Pat Porter about the incident . While it makes for an interesting story , it has absolutely NOTHING to do with the rise and fall of Rich Porter himself.This so-called documentary does a major disservice to the tragic but fascinating story of the cocaine kingpins of Harlem . Do yourself a favor and cop F.E.D.S. Magazine Vol # 4 Issue # 19 -LRB- Kingpins Gone Bad -RRB- , and spare yourself from renting or buying this DVD .
 This movie had an excellant chance to display it 's female cast in all their Asian wonders . Some of the more interesting moments in this movie are down played by a lack of a correct camera angle or plot development . The `` Rose Holder '' is one that could have been something more than it was . Yet you see nothing that would make you believe that it was erotic . I love Asian movies but this one is not one to be added to anyone 's collection .
 No redeeming qualities whatsoever . There are only about a million movies you could buy/rent instead .
 This is absolutely one of the worst movies I 've seen , in a long , long time . Not horrible in a enjoyable way , see , but horrible in such a way if I ever see Jerry O'Connell I will ask for my money back.Let 's see . . Jerry O'Connell has only about two facial expressions to work with , the Busey kid creeps me out beyond belief , -LRB- hey , just like Dad !! -RRB- Shannon Elisabeth is totally wasted and the gags are not funny , especially the long drawn out bit with the discarded testicle . Stay far away from this . Jerry O'Connell ruins every movie he 's in . Julia Schultz is wasted as well !! If you see it at a video store and accidentally pick it up , put it down quick , and wash your hands !!!
 The only people who would enjoy this are the people that think MTV 's Jackass is High Art . Hollywood needs to stop making such arrogant , machismo , sexist and homophobic movies . It 's appaling the way Hollywood portrays the way women should be treated . At first I felt sorry for the women in this picture , but then I realized : A :-RRB- Each one is a terrible actressB :-RRB- The only thing they have going for them is looksC :-RRB- They 're getting paid more than meD :-RRB- They 're degrading themselves on their own accord , so they deserve to get treated the way they do in Tomcats.Oh and by the way , for everyone out there who wants to see female nudity in this film , you 'll see more male flesh . Hope that does n't gross all of you so called `` men '' out .
 Now what was this movie about ? A group of guys vow to never get married and the last man standing wins money ? That 's pathetic . This movie is degrading towards women and I was outraged . Shannon Elizabeth should 've known better . Her best role was in `` American Pie . '' Enough said . Utterly terrible . One part I remember in this movie was when a mental patient ate a ball .
 Horrendous ! Absolutely horrendous ! Jerry O'Connell should consider a new line of work .
 oh my god whez iz saw her in americazn pie i thoiught she waz da bomb ! i mean cmon just look at her ! i only saw this movie for her and i 'm not to glad i did . besides the fact thz she jsust perfect in itz , and should getz abn oscar nomination for thiz film , the reszt isz bad . not very funny pretty disgusting thoiugh . itz made me puke ! great job shannon ... !
 This movie is all over the place . It starts out as just your typical sex movie , and the humor is so crude that even Howard Stern would say it 's going too far . If you think any joke in this movie is funny , you 'll also notice that it 's the kind of joke that you would n't dare repeat to anyone.From what I could figure out about the plot , a group of bachelor friends make a bet with a large amount of money -LRB- I do n't remember or care exactly how much -RRB- , which will be given to the last bachelor standing . At one point , there are two bachelors left
 I seriously did not laugh once in this movie . Horatio Sanz got me to crack a smile a couple times , but I ca n't believe I think he should have been in the movie more . I thought Saturday Night Live was bad , I had no idea ! SNL is gold compared to this . Every single joke falls flat and the director obviously has no clue how to make a movie . I ca n't even tell if Jerry O'Connel and Jake Busey are bad actors because the director does n't even give them a chance . I think one thing that could have really helped this movie out would have been a script . In case the director reads this review I want to tell him you need to have a script BEFORE shooting a film . Just a tip.One of the worst movies I have ever seen , easily .0 / 5
 Who gave the greenlight for this movie ? Who ? Why ? HOW ? What were they smoking/drinking/thinking ? Did the studio exec who read this script laugh ? If so , I want to know where , because nothing that made it to the screen suggests that TOMCATS was a funny idea to begin with.Sick . Rude . Offensive . Degrading . All these words are irrelevant in raunchy comedy if only it was funny . And I 'm here to tell you people , as an uncultured teenage male of the American Pie generation , that TOMCATS is supremely UNFUNNY . This makes Jake Busey 's performance in STARSHIP TROOPERS look like Best Supporting Actor material.TOMCATS and FREDDY GOT FINGERED together in the same season is a one-two punch , a serious blow to the defense of the American Film Industry . Ever wonder why the French hate us ? THIS is why . This is a comedy , and thus exempt from the `` so bad it 's good '' category . But it fits nicely into the `` So bad and unfunny it should burned . '' And I liked PEARL HARBOR.I 'm not just a radical reviewing panning this movie for fun . I watch a lot of movies and I think I 'm pretty levelheaded when I say something about a movie .
 This movie fails in every possible way a comedy can : The characters are so repellent and unfunny that you do n't care what happens to them.The story barely exists after 20 minutes.The `` gags '' are torturously lame , especially the scene involving a hospital cafeteria and David Ogden Stiers.Growing up in the 80 's , we sat through a lot of horrible comedies aimed at the all-important teen male audience only to hear , `` Well , that sucked but at least we got to see -LRB- hot actress name here -RRB- naked . `` TOMCATS does n't even deliver on that.What 's the point ?
 Where to start ? It 's a comedy , yet it 's not funny . It 's a movie , yet there 's no acting in it -LRB- at least none that could be called that -RRB- . Jokes are at a junior high level , if that . Director must 've slept through most of the production . But absolutely the worst part are these so called actors , I really wish somebody would explain to them that they are badly in need of another profession.Oh , and I almost forgot , the plot is so predictable that the whole movie is obvious about 5-10 minutes into it.Yes , the lead female role is played by a very beatiful non-actress . That perhaps is it 's only redeaming feature.Bottom line
 Not worth owning but fine for rental . Basic plot idea was good but director seemed clueless as how to bring it to the screen . The two main characters are scheming together then without any bridge they are madley in love in less than two days . It gets dumber and dumber as time goes on . You get the feeling that if the director had a clue it migh have actually been pretty good . The story is just all over the place .
 This review is intended for the DVD release of TomCats . My main purpose here is to review the DVD release , including its quality , features and layout . I 'll start with the Movie , then move on to the DVD itself.Synopsis : TomCats is a rather off-color movie that more than easily earns its R rating . It 's a sexual comedy , revolving around a bet a number of unmarried men make as to which one of them will be the last to remain single . The bet winds up with two men still standing . One of them , -LRB- Jerry O'Connell -RRB- gets himself into debt with a bookie who threatens severe violence if the debt is n't settled . The pot on the bet is his only way to save himself from the debt-collector . What results is a wild rather immature attempt to get the other guy -LRB- an unabashed single lady 's man -RRB- married.Review : The whole movie is rather juvenile . The humor is often based on pratfalls and sexual sight jokes , and occasionally moves into the sick and nauseating . Case in point , in the middle of the movie there is a sequence where the other single male has a cancerous testicle amputated . It gets dropped onto the floor and a five minute chase of it through the hospital ensues , ending with someone in the hospital cafeteria accidentally eating it . The sequence is just plain gross.As one can guess , this movie was way below my sense of good taste . Of course , I watched it anyway . Shannon Elisabeth is in it . I could n't help myself . : -RRB- Still , I would n't buy it . It 's a mediocre comedy and I do n't like to gag when I 'm watching movies.Now for the DVD . First off , The movie is offered in Widescreen and pan 'n' scan . It is also offered in two languages , English and French . Since this is the American release of this movie , would n't Spanish be a better additional language than French?The special features are scanty , including only a few theatrical trailers and a filmography.Overall , this DVD release is nothing special . There 's no special treats for DVD buyers except for the choice of pan 'n' scan or widescreen . The movie itself is unforgettable , simply for several of its disgusting sequences . Some might like it , but I 'd give it a pass .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . It is lowest common denominator movie-making at its worst . It makes American Pie look like Shakespeare . Unless you have the IQ and emotional maturity of a 9 year old , avoid this drivel .
 I can '' t believe two things . First , what was I thinking when I rented this piece of garbage , and second , how did this movie ever get made ? I 'm not going to waste any more time with this critique . Worst movie I 've seen to date .
 Ok , I 'm going to hypnotize you ... repeat after me
 THE HYPNOTIST -LSB- Saimin -RSB- -LRB- Japan - 1999 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 I bought this , then sold it that same week . The characters are unbelievable . The story is original , but weak and convoluted . Sorry , but come on . I like to be given credit as a viewer . The Special FX are pretty bad , too . CGI for the death scenes ? CGI for breaking glass , even ? UGH ! I hate to give a bad review , but people ranted and raved about this movie for a while . I sought it out , but was left disapointed and irritated .
 Overall I must say this was a wierd movie . Now I saw the description on the guide and it said it was twisted . So , ok I like twisted . Well the twisted part was ok , but the film making was awful . I think this would make for a real good movie in the right hands .
 This is definitely not a `` feel-good '' gay movie . . its a glimpse of a sick and twisted person exploiting a drug addict for his pleasure . Not a movie you walk away from feeling good about seeing it .
 This film is set in the sixties in Cadiz , Spain . Young medical students share a house and frequent a bar where they hook up with some prostitutes . The whores move in with them and rock their lives a bit . The boys end up contracting a venereal disease and all hell breaks loose . I found the film stupid because in reality , young boys from a good wealthy family would never glorify and worship worthless whores . In the end , the most conservative of the boys leaves his studies to become a doctor to be with one of the whores . Totally out of character . This made no sense . However , the music on this was pretty cool .
 I have been practicing Yoga for almost a year now and wanted to try something new so I picked up this video . The teacher does not give good instructions on the poses which is extremely confusing , especially when you ca n't be looking at the TV . It causes the student to constantly interrupt their practice just to try to figure out what you are supposed to be doing . The instructor also jumped around an awful lot , and the exercises did not flow well together . I would not purchase this video again . Rather , I would highly recommend `` Total Yoga '' with Tracey Rich as the instructor .
 I have almost never hated a video on first sight ; either I 'm getting more selective with age , or this is just really bad . The truth is probably somewhere in between.First , you should know that I am a sucker for
 I 'm experienced in yoga and was very suprised that the instructors would call out the name of a position and give no advice on proper technique . Not only is this a little dangerous , but it could prevent a novice from getting the full benefits of the workout . The instructor does the same with ballet and pilates positions , which I am less familiar with.So , it is an agressive workout but it might not be a good idea for someone who does n't know proper form to use this tape .
 OK , you could go for this DVD version for thomas fans to save the endless rewinds and so on that you get to go through with a tape , but the resolution was extremely poor , and came through with lots of grainy blurred white spots etc. like a really old and worn out video tape !!! Of course the content is as good as the video , but this is not what one expects from normally crystal clear DVDs !!!
 The dvd came on time . But it was NOT in `` acceptable condition '' as stated.It was so badly scratched and not at all viewable . Plus the dvd was not secureinside the package .
 I own a number of DVDs for my two year old and this is the worse one I 've seen by far . In addition to the menu problems mentioned in other reviews -LRB- and please quit telling us we can skip the ads with the `` menu '' or `` fast forward '' button because we do n't all own the same DVD player as you -RRB- , the quality of this DVD is just poor . It looks like someone just spliced segments together with no regard for the end product . I did not sit through the whole thing , but the first two segments I watched had the audio clipped at the beginning and end in a very noticeable fashion . This would have been easily caught before production if someone had taken the time to watch what they created . I 've been buying/renting DVDs for five years now and the only DVD I 've seen that 's worse than this is the notorious Highlander DVD . If your toddler is n't a Thomas fan , buy something else from Baby Einstein or Sesame Street and you 'll be much happier with it .
 We love Thomas , his stories , the lessons , the whole package . The stories are great , but the DVD stinks , why
 This DVD forces you to watch boatloads of commercials . It will not allow you to skip or even fast forward through them .
 Boy something else ! For example , if you must buy Thomas , then buy the VHS version ... NOT the DVD.I 'm all for DVD . I was an early adopter and love the image quality . Remember years ago when you switched from tape to CD and loved the random-access ? No more forever fast-forwarding and rewinding . DVD promises the same ? Depends on the producer . We have all of the Thomas DVDs and they are all the same
 I bought the DVD version and I have to have my child sit through a five minute long boring commercial EVERY TIME we watch the video . I was upset that the skip , fast foward and menu options were disabled during this commercial . I took it back and bought VHS .
 The DVD has a terrible amount of advertising that you 're forced to watch before you can see any of the Thomas stories . It 's advertising other Thomas products , so it 's actually interesting the first time through . But you 'll be forced to watch the advertising EVERY time you play this . Other DVDs are programmed so you can jump straight to the menu and skip the advertising . Not this one.Once you run the advertising gauntlet and earn the right to watch videos , they 're excellent as always . But given that all the Thomas collections are excellent , you should buy something other than this one .
 My kids love Thomas , and have many of the vhs tapes . I was looking forward to this dvd for the typical reasons -LRB- better picture , easier to navigate ... -RRB- . Unfortunately you CAN NOT skip over the 5 MINUTES of COMMERCIALS at the outset of this DVD , which negates one of the key advantages of DVD . This is especially galling for a children 's product .
 if you are a Kei Mizutani fan then buy it if not do n't
 This is the worst movie I 've ever seen . If you want to waste money and 2 perfectly good hours , feel free to watch it . If you have a brain DO N'T ! People must be insane to consider this entertainment . Someone actually paid millions of dollars to make this and then even more stupid people went and saw it . I 'm one of them but I 'm repenting for my stupidity by telling y' all not to watch it .
 Brad Pitt I could care less about.Julia Roberts has always been theactress that deserves so much.Butdidn ' t make the grade here.Erin Brokovich was much much betterfor Julia Roberts.I should have skipped Mexican.It had all the ingrediants to makeit the best movie that Julia hasbeen in , but failed to accomplishwhat was needed to make it a hit.If you are looking for time tokill , then just rent it.I would n't . If you are a big Julia Roberts fanthen please skip this one.Julia dropped the ball big time .
 This movie was horrible . I would give it zero stars , the only reason I would even give it one is because the very gorgeous Brad Pitt is in it . This movie has charecters are so unbelievable . I could not stand Julia Robert 's charecter , she was evil and selfish throughout the entire film . In fact this movie was so terrible that I almost could not sit through it . Do not waste your money in buying or renting this film . Save your money and see it on TV .
 Brad Pitt -LRB- great actor -RRB- , Julia Roberts -LRB- our 90s Audrey Hepburn -RRB- have NO chemistry in this movie.The comedic chemistry is terrible , the title of this movie is awful , the plot is stupid , basically this movie is a BOMB , all around.Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt absolutely have NO chemistry together and why they made this movie is beyond my comprehension ...
 I recently tried to watch this movie by just looking at the case of the movie and thinking that this would be a very romantic movie starring Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt but i could not watch the whole movie , i had to stop it because of too many toilet related scenes . Because of these scenes it made me think that this movie should not have named The Mexican , it should have named `` Toilet '' or `` Ugly Toilet '' or `` Toilet Exchangers '' . There was not a single character in this movie whom the director did not show us going to the toilet . One character comes out of the toilet and the other goes in and this carries on making the viewer think that they do not have any thing else to do . This was an ugliest and worst movie i have seen in my life time . This was an ugly movie by ugly Americans named `` The Mexican '' . I think Mexicans should have sued the director . By looking at the above comments , would any body think that i would recommend this movie . Nada
 I am a huge Julia Roberts fan , and I love seeing her in romantic comedies . However , this is one to skip . There 's nothing really great about either her characther nor Brad Pitt 's character - you end up not really liking either one of them . The movie tries to be funny , but fails most of the time.It 's not that this movie is all bad . It 's just fluff .
 As a Julia Roberts ' fan , I was very disappointed in this movie . In fact , I fell asleep during it . I 've seen Julia in much , much better movies , including `` Mystic Pizza , '' `` Steel Magnolias , '' and `` Pretty Woman . '' All of which I own on DVD . Too bad she had to add this one to her resume . I ca n't believe I bought this DVD ! What a waste of money !
 The plot of this movie was really quite stupid and confusing . Brad Pitt , who I think is a very talented actor , was really wasted in this role . And I have never understood the hype about Julia Roberts . She is an extremely mediocre actress , and rather average looking to boot . In this movie , she is exceptionally mediocre . We turned it off about two thirds through -- why waste anymore of valuable time .
 First for the good - The Video transfer was very well done on DVD - Colors were very crisp and accurate - music was also pretty good although nothing spectacular . Now for the bad . Bad script Bad script Bad script . I ca n't belive Pitt & Roberts actually agreed to do this terrible script . The Movie had no life and it just dragged and dragged and dragged . Scenes that were supposed to be funny just did n't fly . I just barely made it through this entire 2 + hour bore without turning it off . Why are bad movies always long ?
 Opportunity for Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts to have a working vacation in Mexico and Las Vegas , respectively . Otherwise , there is no discernable reason why stars of such `` wattage '' would bother with * The Mexican * , a laughterless crime comedy . The movie is like * Lock , Stock , & 2 Smoking Barrels * made for American audiences ... and this is not a good thing . All I know about the director , Gore Verbinski , is that he directed the Budweiser Frogs commercials ... and this is not a good thing . And the movie fails to deliver what it presumably promises
 This could possibly be one of the worst movies in recent years . The Mexican is a perfect example that 2 good lead actors do n't always work well together . I like Brad Pitt , and Julia Roberts is n't too bad either , but together , they just do n't work . Not one element in this movie works . The chemistry between the Pitt and Roberts is non-existent . My girlfriend fell asleep half way through this movie . Normally , that is n't a big deal . Except we were watching it in the middle of the afternoon ! ...
 Widely promoted in posters , magazine and newspaper ad art and in theatrical trailers as a romantic , screwball road-movie , this film arrives on DVD in a great-looking widescreen transfer with extras . Unfortunately , the promise of an extended on-screen coupling of Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts , two red-hot megawatt stars is quickly broken when the plot forces them to go their separate ways for most of the movie.J.H . Wyman 's original screenplay has bounced around town and it 's easy to see why . It 's a confusing mish-mash of basically unrelated material . There 's a feeble fable of a cursed , antique Mexican pistol , there 's a sweet , weepy , sensitive gay hit man wonderfully played by burly James Ganolfini , and there 's Brad Pitt 's laid-back turn as a mobster 's errand boy making one last run . Julia Roberts is pretty much a shrill whining caricature in bright colors who bonds with her sensitive , yet cold-blooded kidnapper -LRB- Gondolfini -RRB- while complaining about boyfriend Pitt.Even though things do n't satisfactorily come together in this movie , it is visually pleasing . Gore Verbinski -LRB- `` Mouse Hunt '' -RRB- directs with a verve but the forced material ca n't be overcome . The commentary by the director and writer gets awfully pretentious and self-serving at times and the only thing that is made abundantly clear is that this movie was written by a person who has little life experience but has no doubt logged thousands of hours watching movies . This film earned $ 60 million at the box office by movie goers who were duped into seeing something other than what was advertised . Shame .
 Rarely do I watch a movie in its entirety as bad as this one . Though I found myself continuously saying , `` Hit the eject button '' , I stuck it out with the idea that something with Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts in it had to get better as time went on . It did n't . Brad Pitt is appealing enough , but he looked and appeared a good 7-10 years younger than Roberts . She seemed more like a big sister than a woman the refreshingly boyish and open hearted Pitt would be head over heels for . Skip this one - if you watched it because you like either star , they each have far better films to their credit . If you watched it to see them together , you 're bound to be disappointed .
 Enough already with all these really bad films coming out of Hollywood . Chalk `` The Mexican '' up as yet another creatively retarded pieces of filmmaking from the U.S. movie industry.The plot is really bad . Julia Roberts performance really begins to grate on you after awhile and James Gandolfini plays a gay hitman . A gay hitman you ask ? Yes , that is correct . Is that not one of the craziest and most unplausible ideas ever conceaved ? . This is pure Hollywood trash . I wish some new talent could infiltrate Tinsel Town and start making some better films with good stories and ideas instead of all this exploitive , cliche ' driven , tired , and plotless crap that we the consumer have been suckered into watching . And what about this films portrayal of rural Mexico?I agree with another reviewer wholeheartedly with the fact that Mexico is not justly portrayed here . It is a crime . This films rendition only feeds all the ignorant , quasi-yuppy Americans ' viewpoint of what Mexico is like.Mexico is a beautiful country with beautiful and friendly people . Lets make a film that exemplifies that .
 So tedious and uninspired I was comparatively enraptured by the Entertainment Weekly I read while this thing plodded on in the background .
 On one summer night , while I was quickly flipping channels on my television to see if anything good was on , I saw that a movie called The Mexican was going to begin . Although I had never seen the film , I knew about the stars and though I never really admired them , I decided to give it a chance . By the end of the two longest hours it took me to watch the film -LRB- wait , Battlefield Earth was even longer -RRB- I was highly disappointed that I had even bothered to watch such a horrible and boring film that tried to catch my attention numerous times but failed every time.Despite it having two superstars in the film industry , the Mexican is a film that is not worth seeing plainly because it is uninteresting and has nothing special in it . More on the actual movie coming up later . But for now
 An insipid movie at best . Pitt and Roberts have obviously been slapped together for some kind of money maker . The Mexican feels like a bad episode of Friends crossed with one of those post Tarantino , rubbish gangster films . Three things tricked me into seeing this movie , the Dreamworks logo -LRB- usually reliable -RRB- the name of Lawrence Bender and many good reviews , one even saying this was the best crime film since Out of Sight . Hardly . I enjoy long films when they are good , The Mexican was long , flat and boring at just over 2 hours . Studio notes were stuck all over The Mexican and you could see the committee behind every decision , surprisingly though the dialogue was left in long winded flat monologues which made for tedious viewing . People wanting to structure dialogue like Tarantino or Kevin Smith should be first talented . Attempted jokes were simple and had me coughing dust off them . The Mexican tried to be multi-layered but succeeded in making the stories involved way to distant and the director -LRB- who should go back to directing kids films -RRB- did n't have any idea how to better relate them . Oh and let me not forget what will be the new Hollywood cliche of the future , the unexpected gay character . I found the dog mildly amusing but I could see the feel good committee behind him also . The Mexican may well mark the film where Dreamworks went from a company with vision , to just another big , blundering studio .
 A frequent argument that homosexuals have no choice about their sexual orientation takes the form of `` who could possibly choose to have traits so widely treated with prejudice , discrimination and hatred ? '' . As somebody of some kind of a libertarian perspective -LRB- `` civil libertarian '' or otherwise ; hard to know whether to use the word `` civil '' when it tends to delineate two factions in two opposite `` ideological '' directions , of which I am neither ! -RRB- , I 've always maintained that arguments in favor of gay rights by way a `` no choice '' criterion are unnecessary ; I would support gay rights whether anybody ever had any choice about their sexual orientation or not . Yet I do have good reason to question the argument of `` why would anyone ever choose something widely regarded and treated so negatively ? '' . In fact , if this movie has any bearing on reality at all , it gives a good reason for thinking someone might try to choose to be gay . One might wonder for a while if this movie treats its gay character sensitively , since it makes him a kidnapper of all things . But how the movie 's leading female character , played by Julia Roberts , behaves is the thing really telling of the movie 's motives . She gets kidnapped , and while in captivity coaxes her kidnapper `` out of the closet '' as gay . In the process she develops a rappor with him that is extremely surprising even in light of all explanations about how captives tend to `` identify with '' their captors . In the process she even seems comfortable in a degree of intimacy with him seldom if ever seen in mainstream cinema between two heterosexuals of the opposite sex . Meanwhile how does this same character treat her boyfriend ? To him she is an excessively insufferable nag even by movie cliche standards . I think I must speak for not a few heterosexual males when I say that her treatment of her boyfriend is the stuff of our nightmares , while the sensitivity and intimacy with which she opens up to her kidnapper -LRB- none less -RRB- is `` to die for '' . But alas , the latter is open only to gay men if the politically correct implications of today 's movies have any inherent validity and/or power of persuasion -LRB- and they undoubtably do have some of the latter at least -RRB- . So unless every element of this movie is utterly impertinent fantasy , it could in fact make a compelling argument why some heterosexual males might in their desperation try to choose to be gay . Hopefully reality is at least less extreme than this movie . But certainly it could still cause many a `` straight '' man to find things about the status of gays to envy , and not just confirm reasons why gay people could envy the social status of `` straight '' people .
 Two hours of not-so-funny comedy/thriller all concerning a Mexican pistol that none of the audience gives a s. . . about . -LRB- Bad McGuffin -RRB- . Pitt and Roberts are both very cute , but Gandolfini steals the show . A few amusing moments , but mostly boring .
 WARNING ! THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS!Brad Pitt is utterly irresistable as the hapless Jerry . I am continually amazed that someone as good looking as Brad can convincingly play such backward people -LRB- Think 12 Monkeys , Snatch , Fight Club , etc -RRB- . Julia is Julia . She 's fluffy , adorable , and like Brad , a beautiful person playing a kind of dork -- she 's not as convincing as Brad , but still good.James Gandolfini steals the show . He 's wonderful , lovable , and the chemistry between him and Julia is great . HOWEVER , just when you 're completely in love with him , and you 're thinking he 's the greatest thing in the movie , Brad 's character , Jerry , shoots him dead.What were the producers thinking ? To kill off the character that everyone loves the most ? Did n't they have a test audience ? Could n't they have given him a bulletproof vest and shown him walking away at the end ? Was n't it enough that they killed off his boyfriend ? Did they have to kill him too?I probably would have given the movie 4 stars if they had n't killed him off . If you do n't mind movies where the main character is unexpectedly offed , then you 'll love this film . Not for me .
 I like Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt , but together they do not click . Throughout the entire movie I wondered if that was the reason that they rarely were in the same scene together . While Pitt and Roberts made no sense together , neither did the plot . Nothing clicked and we said `` Adios '' before the finish line .
 I LOVE JULIA AND BRAT BUT COME ON - THIS MOVIE WAS WHACK !!
 This movie was terrible , with Julia Roberts trying to had to be cute and silly . I could barely sit though it . I do n't reccomend that you go see it , it 's an utter waste of money and time .
 This is not romantic , funny or enterteining.It 's something boring and stupid.Julia Roberts always looks radiant.And Brad Pitt ca n't do much here.The should try to do something else together , but thet are n't a nice couple .
 Could n't punish myself any longer so I had to turn it off . Spoke to some other friends that were able to finish it and there comment was that they were waiting for the movie to take off and of course it never did .
 WARNING
 I ca n't believe Roberts , Hackman , and Pitt agreed to do this movie . It was really bad . There were a few funny moments where Pitt revived his role as the crazy guy from 12 Monkeys , but most of the movie was a real bore . Tony Soprano was in the movie as a gay hit man . Very weird seeing him play the `` sensitive '' role . The movie had a strange vibe , I 'd call it Drama-Comedy ?
 Unless you really do not have any thing else to watch at night , then have a go ... but you can certainly speed-forward the video for some part . The scenario was basically made around a couple of famous actor , but the story is really nothing to be doing kart-wheels about ! I do not recommend this movie even though the main actors are nice to watch . Julia Roberts always has a great laugh and smile ...
 In my view , the star status of Pitt and Roberts and the magazine reviews that spoke of `` A two hour adrenaline rush '' were rather misleading . Were the stars using this movie as a `` filler-in '' between bigger projects ? This is a long movie and there ai n't no adrenaline , folks !
 The interesting part of this movie is the story behind `` The Mexican '' which is a one of a kind gun that Brad Pitt is sent to get for the mob . They do little vignettes whenever Brad Pitt finds out more history about the gun , which is the only entertaining part of the movie . Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts hardly spend any time together in the movie , maybe because they both suck as actors and the supposed chemistry between them was laughable ? So only rent this if you think Pitt or Roberts is a `` hottie '' , since the acting throughout the movie is lame . Any attempts at humour fail , as does much of the movie . It was so boring that I kept getting distracted and focusing on more interesting things , like the tread of my shoe and my split ends .
 I thought that a film with Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt would have to be a good one . This is n't the case . The story hardly holds together and rambles . Even Roberts and Pitt lose some of their appeal as the protagonists they play are non sympathetic characters who , in the end , I did n't care about at all . The only character to elicit my sympathy was the hired killer who at least is changed by his experiences in the movie . The others remained unaffected , as I was .
 this film goes down hill . You keep expecting it to pick up but the story let 's the actor 's down . I watch this because of the star 's past reputation . They have both made some good movie 's . But in this film you need more than just star chasima to carrey a film . Pitt seems to have fun with the role and his take on it is fun but Robert 's is relying to much on her smile . If she ever loses her teeth she is in trouble . There are few suprises and you come away disapointed . This movie you forget as soon as you get out of the theater . That 's why the review . I would like to see better movie 's . Movie 's with some comic insperation . When we give film 's like this a good review we get what we deserve . These actor 's and especially writer 's can do better .
 i ordered this movie oct. 14 , 2001 and never received it-buyers beware-there is a crook on this line
 Ever since I viewed this movie , I 've been trying to figure out how they ever got two big stars like Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt to appear in it . The loosely-woven plot centers around a beautiful pistol , inlaid with silver , which seems to be valuable to a lot of people . Brad Pitt had the temerity to run into a big-time crook with his car and ever since then has worked off his debt by doing the bad guy 's dirty deeds . -LRB- How unlikely is that ? -RRB- His last assignment is to recover the gun and bring it back to his boss . Julia Roberts is kidnapped by another bad guy with a heart of gold and they form a real bond as the movie progresses . It 's hard to tell who 's a bad guy and who 's a good guy and frankly , by the end of the movie , I did n't care !
 You know it does it take a person with any dumb intelligence to see that this is film was just another excuse to put Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts on camera once again . I mean anyone could have acted this movie out better than these two airheads . These two characters and get by on there looks for this film . We all know how it works these days the girls go to see Brad and guys go to check out Julia to see how tight her clothes are in this film . These two in this movie never share a moment really much but anyway if they did Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt just do n't go together on film putting them in the same movie together is like putting eggs and candy on the same plate . Although it is not a total loss the film is not a total disaster it deserves two stars because I thought it made sense it was n't like watching Austin Powers or anything like that . I saw this in the movies and there were only 5 other people in there besides me ! So by judging that I think that this was a box office bomb . What else is new with the bad films of today .
 Movie Summary
 The music is terrific . The atmosphere of Mexico is terrific . Brad Pitt is good . I ca n't stand Roberts . What is she doing , going for the Barbara Streisand acting award ? Talk about annoying . I mean really annoying ... The movie is on the one hand fun as long as she is not on the screen . But then she is back on the screen ...
 The only thing to say about The Mexican is that it is a monumental disaster ! It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and joins the ranks of other movie stinkers such as Batman and Robin and The Quest for Camelot . I suppose the director thought that by getting big names to be in his movie -LRB- Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts -RRB- that he could make this movie flop , a hit . This is not the case at all . He was horribly mistaken . The story goes absolutely nowhere and from the very first scene , there begins a steep downward spiral . So if you enjoy watching movies with no plot and horrible a script , by all means , view this movie . But if you like movies with plots and a somewhat presentable script , avoid The Mexican at all cost . This movie is not worth the time or the paper the script was printed on .
 Julia was good . Brad was his usual wooden , only appeals to adolescent females , boyish , hopeless self . Together they might as well have been in different movies . NO CONNECTION ! James Gandolfini stole the entire movie . He was awesome , and he and Roberts did manage to generate some believable interaction . Not enough to save the movie . Hackneyed imagery , blown opportunities . An over the top boring bad guy . Save your money and the precious time you might spend . They are both wasted on this turkey .
 Yeah , nice packaging . But content ... something is lacking and I 'm not sure what it is . I did n't get bored watching this film , but I did n't get very excited either . I think I chuckled twice , both times at Pitt 's character . This film just seemed like vanilla ... nothing particlularly bad about it , but nothing particularly good about it either . Bland ...
 Its obvious the filmakers bet on chemistry between Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts and a clever screenplay to carry this movie - unfortunately the chemistry just isnt there between these two and the screenplay , well it isnt very clever or smart . So what you have is a very forgettable road movie .
 I was surprised that Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt choose this movie to play . It was n't Roberts-isk . Nor do I think it was Pitt-isk . Funny in few parts but overall the movie is dull and boring.About a Mexican gun with a `` story '' behind it . Jerry -LRB- Pitt -RRB- is set out to hunt the gun down and bring it back to his `` boss '' . In the meantime , someone ` kidnaps ' Sam -LRB- Julia Roberts -RRB- , who is Jerry 's than girlfriend , to tell him where the gun is and where Jerry is . Sam knows nothing , of course , because they broke up because Jerry keeps being Jerry -LRB- aka selfish , not ready to settle down -RRB- . In the long run , someone gets killed , all others are threatened by someone else . And in the end it 's a happy ever after story , as well all know that 's how stories usually end up.Again funny few parts but I suggest one to pass on the movie . It 's not Roberts or Pitt 's best !!
 The problems with The Mexican start really early . Already by the first scene when Julia Roberts is lying in bed and Brad Pitt is sitting sceptical besides her , one thing is obvious
 The Mexican has to be the worst movie ive seen this year . I rented it cause JAmes Galdofini was in it.HE was the best actor in this film thus the one star.Even though I find him unbeleivable as a gay he was good as his role.Brad Pitt sucked as the bumbling nerd and I usually think he 's good.Julia Roberts overacts in this movie BIGTIME and is a little too much for me.The plot has some major holes ... -LCB- like how does Brad Pitt know the charecter Leroy died in the hotel ? -RCB- and uttterly makes little sense.I didn , t laugh much and The whole ending sucked.In all this movie was horrible and they threw Gene Hackman in a few scenes to add his name to the back of the Blockbuster video . The screenwriter and director should br fired . Yeah lets make the hitman gay what a hoot . THIS MOVIE SUCKS AND ALL YOU LOSERS WHO GAVE IT 5 or 4 STARS SHOULD BE SHOT .
 Incredibly boring , poor direction , not the greatest acting . Overall , just bad .
 ... -RRB- Hello everyone . Look . I 'm not someone who normally likes to be super critical , but when Hollywood puts a movie out like this I have to write a little blurb . I am a U.S. Citizen who moved to Mexico about 2 years ago . Now I will be honest , I love the fact that many people think Mexico actually looks like this . Otherwise , we would have Gringo 's running all over the place . Speaking broken Spanish . Complaining . But the fact of the matter is , this movie took the worst possible areas of Mexico and presented them as if that WAS Mexico.Its the same reason that most Mexicans think the U.S. is usually like Boyz in the Hood . Many Mexicans are very afraid of the U.S. and violence , but go because they need to work . Yes , the U.S. economic situation is better , but that 's mainly because people value their work over their own happiness . YES I MEAN YOU . Mexicans put all of their focus on the enjoyment of life . It does n't matter if they have the nicest car , or the newest blender . Even people with a lot of money here have older houses and do n't buy new junk every month.The problem with most portrayals of Mexico is really that there is only one image over and over . Poverty , drunk , dirt roads , etc. . Which is ridiculous . Mexico is a beautiful country with modern restaurants , malls , giant cineplexes . If you want to see how it really is , get a movie made here . Like Y Tu Mama Tambien , or Amores Perros.I live in Yucatan , so I do n't realy know the area that the movie takes place in . ...
 Wish I could tell you why , but I have thankfully blocked most of the plot from my memory . Avoid it if at all possible .
 One of the worst movies ever made . Mades for long for an Istar re-release . Not one worthwhile character in the whole mix . Are we truly supposed to feel sorrow for the gay contract killer and share his loss . Regardless of how well you develope the chacters , if every one in the movie is a killer and a loser how do you feel for any of them ??? Mindless dribble posing as art .
 Pitt has proven time & time again that he is a rare breed ! Hollywood 's pretty boy WITH talent -LRB- Meet Joe Black , Kalifornia , Fight Club -RRB- . Roberts makes `` girlie '' flicks and , in my opinion , ranks up there with G.Close in good looks ! Uh-huh ! Pitt & Roberts are the unlikely couple that go seperate ways after she finds out he has to do a `` job '' in Mexico . From here it goes downhill ! There 's even characters that have NO point being in this flick ! Sappy , Hollywood ending ...
 James Gandolfini is the highlight of this movie -- but sad to say he ca n't carry it alone . Pitt has always struck me as a wooden actor and he seems to infect Roberts to become similarly shallow in quality . Poor movie -- do n't bother .
 ... this is movie is okay to rent ... it did have some cute , funny momments ... Brad Pitt did a pretty good as the doofus , ganster -LRB- or whatever you want to call him -RRB- ... but I think that Julia Roberts is soooooooooooo over-rated , there I said it . I know she is America 's Sweetheart Super Movie Star ... but , she always seems to be playing herself . This movie became drawn out ... get to the point ... I guess the point is that it is another `` Julia Roberts perfect tooth smile movie . ''
 I absolutely have enjoyed all of Julia Roberts movies - I am ashamed for her for being in this movie . It is down right filthy . The language , toilet sceens , and `` extra story line '' was HORRIBLE . This is the worst movie I have ever seen.Whoever did the advertising was quite clever because you would never expect this movie to be sooooo terrible .
 TWO HUNDRED PEOPLE ARE SELLING THIS MOVIE , WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW .
 This movie got some attention since it has two big Hollywood stars in it , Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts . However , it ` s not too enticing or convincing , just a merely entertaining mix with bits of romantic comedy , thriller , road movie , action and an offbeat feel that tries to reach cult status . It ` s a decent effort , but the characters are n`t very intriguing -LRB- Pitt plays a dumb pretty boy , Roberts is in another bland role and only James Gandolfini , the best element here , truly convinces as an interesting gay hitman -RRB- , the plot is full of ups and downs and it runs for way too long . At parts it even comes close to Tarantino / Robert Rodriguez territory , yet as a whole it ` s too muddled and uneven to suceed . Director Gore Verbinski offers a couple of nice shots of Mexico with good atmosphere and an appropriatte soundtrack , making for a mildly enjoyable cinematic experience . Still , this is just fast-food cinema overall . Not memmorable , but worth watching once.A decent rental .
 `` The Mexican '' wants us to believe that since we 've got Brad Pitt and Julia `` White Teeth '' Roberts in a movie , a coherent script is optional . Sadly , only the most passive of viewers will find this an acceptable mix ; not only is this film incredibly overlong for the material , it ends up being boring and closes with an overwhelming sense of futility and will leave most questioning , `` So ... what ? `` Pitt does his best spastic loser impression , bumbling around the movie and trying to fix things with his girlfriend , an often-hysterical Roberts . Wyman 's script is a lot less fun than it seems to think it is ; attempts to make this a condensed `` Way Of The Gun '' - style gritty adventure as well as a comment on the dynamics of two people in impossible love fail horribly . In fact , since neither concept is properly developed , moments of startling violence look like a gimmick , and it 's hard to believe for one frame of the movie that Pitt and Roberts ' characters are/were ever/will ever be in love.The one bright spot of the movie is Gandolfini , whose complex -LRB- or at least moreso than any other character in this mess -RRB- hitman is brought to life by his trademark mix of warmth and alarming force.Unfortunately , he ca n't come close to saving the movie ; `` The Mexican '' is a pointless and meandering movie so set in trying to be five or six other movies that it ca n't make its own name for itself.Interestingly , the deleted scenes on the DVD fill out some substantial plot holes , but otherwise do n't explain how with two hours of screen time -LRB- and nearly 140 minutes with deleted scenes in the mix -RRB- , a promising crew and two of the biggest stars in America today can accomplish nothing and have you caring much less than you did when you walked in .
 Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts star in this dark comedy/low budget action movie . '' The Mexican '' is about a guy named Jerry -LRB- Pitt -RRB- who works for a crime boss . One day the crime boss , asks Jerry for one last '' job '' before Jerry decides to quit working for him and pay of his debts . The '' job '' though is n't as easy as Jerry thinks it is . He is asked to find a rare gun that is worth alot of money in Mexico.Jerry 's girlfriend , a nieve and spoiled brat named Samantha -LRB- Roberts fits the role perfectly -RRB- reacts to Jerry last job like a bat out of hell . She immediately tells Jerry that if he goes to this job that she will never take him back , and to not both coming to her . The character of Samantha is as shallow and mean as a woman can get , I almost get shivers down my spine when I think that women like Samantha exist , because they are n't worth fighting for.What Samantha does n't realize is that Jerry is doing this job for her out of love . Jerry wants to pay his debts , and to pay of this debts requires doing this job in Mexico.Pitt while not being the charasmatic actor , does at least add some depth and character to Jerry.Anyhow once Jerry arrives in Mexico -LRB- a pretty dangerous place in some areas , but enjoyable in others -RRB- meets his contact who is going to give the rare gun to him.However , things go horribly wrong when the contact Jerry is with literally diesin front of him during a midnight celebration in Mexico . Jerry at first does not know the guy is dead , until he notices the bloody headshot on the car seat where he places the body in !!! Uggh.This is only the start of a bad situation for Jerry . Once Jerry 's crime boss finds out that he has fowled things up -LRB- although it 's not his fault this guy is dead -RRB- sends in a psychopath killer named Leroy -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- to hold his girlfriend Sam as hostage , while Jerry tries to come back to his boss with the antique gun.One of the big problems the Mexican is the load of unlikeable characters in thefilm . Brad Pitt 's character of Jerry is probably the only somewhat likeable character in the film . Julia Roberts -LRB- again in her usual uncharasmatic self -RRB- as Sam , does n't reallyshow any love or compassion only up to the point where she herself becomes involved in Jerry 's situation . She only really cares about herself.Then there 's Gandolifini 's character who can be best characterized as self hypocriting homosexual , hitman . which in fact he is if you watch the whole film . Gandolfini is best known for playing the paranoid , lovable , and evil Tony Soprano in the Sopranos but his role in that overrated , and his role in this film is forgettable.The Mexican is not a total waste of a film , although much of it is.I loved the twists in the film that the Mexican 's in the film , from the villages to the cops were smarter than the dumb gringo -LRB- Jerry -RRB- who comes to look for the ancient gun for his boss . In fact , the Mexican 's gave me such a good laugh , that I thought they were probably the best actors in the film . Every stereotype that Jerry and his white crime buddies put on them is eventually thrown back in their face with big laughs.That 's all I can say , I wo n't spoil it though by going into the exact dialogue . The film also has a couple of good twists in the middle , and near the end . However , the Mexican though has so many problems with it , that keep it from leaving a lasting impression and making it a likeable film that I ca n't recommend buying.Renting it though is a different matter , you 'll probably get some good laughs from it like I did , but that 's it.As Roger Ebert would say '' Two Thumbs Down '' but give it a viewing however do n't expect to be blown away by this low budget film because you wont .
 It stinks . Brad Pit does n't work as a bad guy . Julia does n't look good in this movie either . James Gandolfini plays a character like Tony Soprano - a professional bad guy mixed with some genuine , down-to-earth , human characteristics . Most of the scenes in Mexico are done as humorous stereotypes . The plot is junk .
 While I usually respect the talents of both Julia Roberts and Brad Pitt -LRB- both have proved in past endeavors that they are more than pretty faces -RRB- , this movie can not be saved simply by having their names on the marquee . The plot was dull , the script was laughingly bad ... . the whole thing simply plods along leaving the audience not caring what happens to the characters on the screen . The most comical thing about it is the fact that with such `` A-list '' talent on the screen , this bomb cost a fortune to make . Did n't anyone bother to read the script before they started filming ? Watching this film was a couple hours of my life that I wo n't get back . I do n't care who 's starring in it - this movie is just plain bad .
 One of the most boring idiotic pieces of trash I ever saw.I love movies , and am a huge fan of Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts , but this was a waste of time and money . I almost walked out of the theatre . Do n't spend a nickle on this .
 Based on star quality along , I bought this DVD . But I guess star power given a mediocre directing and editing just bombs out . Roberts and Pitt 's continuous bickerings and shouting all throughout the movie made them look like two over grown kids fighting over anything at the slightest provocation . Gandolfini 's character was likewise confusing . I believe the only good actor in the movie was the dog . The DTS format was excelent .
 This movie is a mess . The convoluted plot could probably work in good hands , but the direction is completely lacking in focus , and the editing is atrocious . Pitt and Gandolfini turn in good performances -- the only redeeming qualities to be found here . There are too many plot points that do n't make any sense at all . One fairly prominent character disappears without a trace about halfway through the movie , and there is no explanation as to what happened to him -- or how a particular plot thread was resolved . You do figure that out after watching the deleted scenes on the DVD -- but why were these two or three key scenes deleted ? This movie was made by a bunch of no-talent amateurs who got in way over their heads .
 I 'm going to try to be objective here but `` The Mexican '' was such a dreadfully awful film , it 's not going to be easy.For starters , the use of foul language -- prevelant in many of today 's movies -- was far more pronounced in `` The Mexican . '' It added zero to the film and , in my opinion , was analogous to the filthy language found in rap music marketed towards children
 I gave this movie one star because that 's the fewest I could give it . This movie reeks . Sorry , but if you are a Julia Roberts fan buy or rent Pretty Woman or Erin Brokavich . If you are a Brad Pitt fan , go back to Legends of the Fall or even 12 Monkeys . This is mindless boring tripe . Rather than describe the whole story , which the other reviews do , I 'll just tell you this
 The title of this review refers to the waste of Julia 's and Jimmy Gs talents . If I 'd known in advance of buying this turkey that the director was also responsible for `` Mouse Hunt '' of a few years ago , I 'd not bought it , even though I 'm fond of Julia and Jimmy . Mr. Pitt is n't very convincing either . Specifically , this film is a dog because
 The title of this review refers to the waste of Julia 's and Jimmy Gs talents . If I 'd known in advance of buying this turkey that the director was also responsible for `` Mouse Hunt '' of a few years ago , I 'd not bought it , even though I 'm fond of Julia and Jimmy . Mr. Pitt is n't very convincing either . Specifically , this film is a dog because
 Two good stars in this film who tried their best but clearly a film ruined by a combination of director , studio , and editor . The film should be edited down to 85 to 90 minutes instead of the 120 min running time . This film was poor beyond belief . There must have been 5 plot lines that were going at one time and then eventually 4 were killed -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- , too bad the surviving plot line was so boneheaded and unbelievable , any one of the other plots could have made it a good film . The storyline was never made plausible or even remotely believable . It appeared that neither the script writers or the director had a clue where the film should be going and how to get there . I would not call it a comedy -LRB- black or otherwise , if so it was n't terribly funny -RRB- , not much of an adventure flick -LRB- rather manufactured -RRB- , drama -LRB- perhaps , but to what point -RRB- . If the Pitt character was that incompetent , the mafia boss would have terminated him early on , they really do n't permit that many mistakes -LRB- usually your first is the last -RRB- . The final explanation why the boss selected him struck me as somewhat lame -- as if the director needed to explain a rather needlessly complex plot . All around , an abysmal failure , too bad that they wasted the time of two very good actors .
 Michael Cerveris , who plays the guy Leroy makes googley eyes at in the diner . Just watch the deleted scenes !! I 'd watch him over Brad Pitt any day .
 This movie is quite confusing , actually . . I left the theatre bewildered . The only reason I gave it two stars is for Brad , Julia and the hilarious Leroy . I have to say , some parts that were trying to be funny were actually quite morbid - such as when Brad shoots the man in his foot , unmercifially - I found myself wincing for him . I 'd have to see this movie again to understand at least some of it , but for now - no thanks , I 'll pass .
 The story line is weak the acting even from cartoons is terrible . The one about snow white is the worst . We only made it through about 20 minutes . Not worth time or money
 I waited to long to view the tape and found the sound and picture do n't match . Did not return because of the time but am very disapointed in the quality as the music is one of the best parts of the video and it is now uncomfortable to watch -LRB- Kinda like a dubbed Japanese movie -RRB-
 The film of Damn Yankees is a wonderful and a faithful recreation of the stage musical , but be warned
 I was very disappointed . The acting by the principles was fine , but I think the only thing that saved this movie for me was the choreography by Bob Fosse . I think what really turned me off was the omission of a few great songs . The following tunes from the original show were left out - Near To You , We 've Got To Think About the Game , A Man Does n't Know . And Applegate 's tune , The Good Old Days , was abridged . A new tune , There 's Something About an Empty Chair , was added to replace Near To You , but it was very weak . I wish someone would remake this wonderful show as they 've done recently with Music Man and Bye Bye Birdie .
 I read the book `` The year the Yankees lost the Pennant '' years ago but had never seen the play . I bought the movie and was disappointed that several critical scenes from the book had been changed in the play/movie . They left out the finale where Joe Hardy is changed back to the salesman as he rounds the bases . The Devil , a Yankee fan , wants him out . He is out but the ump calls him safe so the Senators win . The story ends with the Devil putting on a Yankee cap and arguing with the umpire - but no one , not even the Devil , can change an umpire 's decision !
 Great books often lose in translation , and this is no exception . I felt that Peter Weir took several volumes of O'Brian 's incredible opus , cut them to pieces , shook 'em in a basket , then pulled out random bits and duct-taped them together . I do n't see why . Even one book could have been filmed as a miniseries.Crowe , Bettany , et al did their best , I 'm sure . Killick was perfect . The shipboard details were superb . Maturin 's little office looked much like the one on the Victory . The look and sound were superb , but the plot had no shape or direction.Trying to shove book 1 & book 10 together was as graceful as a front-end collision . Taking chunks of story from different decades and mixing them like hash made for some really stupid bits . Maturin would n't have been complaining about someone getting flogged for shoving an officer -- not after he 'd been aboard for several years . Likewise the old salt explaining to the youngster the difference between a pirate and a privateer . This kid 's been on board for months -- that would have been explained long since . It was in character but out of sync -- as Gene Roddenberry once said , it would be like Joe Friday explaining how a pistol works.There were breathtaking scenes
 `` Master and Commander - The Far Side of the World '' is a great movie . However , I received a defective DVD which made the middle third of the movie unviewable . When looking at the readable side of the DVD after the movie froze part way through chapter 13 , I could clearly see the defective area . It looked as though someone had spilled a bit of acid on that part of the DVD.Amazon.com 's website instructed me to go to the manufacturer for replacement of manufacturer defects.The manufacturer , 20th Centry Fox , provided me with return instructions and I shipped the DVD and information to them on Oct. 30th 2006 . I paid for the return shipping , and presumable there will be no other charges to get the replacement DVD.It is now Nov. 11th and I am still waiting for my replacement DVD .
 This is a movie that threw away all the potential it had to be at least better than average . We are introduced to Captain Aubrey and his crew , who are chasing down a French ship and constantly being thwarted . And that 's it . By about halfway through the movie , one wonders when this chase will get interesting , or if it will harken back to the good old days of pirate movies , ala Errol Flynn . It does neither . The characters are so bland that the names are even hard to recall.The movie 's one redeeming quality , and why I gave it two stars instead of one , was the historical accuracy involved . We get a glimpse into the past that is neither overblown or trite . However , even a documentary needs interesting commentary .
 First of all , I will get my bias out of the way and say I have n't seen that many `` sea '' movies that I have liked . So when I saw this one , and came to realize that it is more about the relationship of two characters , Russel Crowe -LRB- Captain -RRB- and Paul Bettany -LRB- ship 's surgeon , -RRB- then I realized I just did not like it . Now this one is n't a creative mental movie like Crowe 's earlier part was in A Beautiful Mind , and it lacked the action in Gladiator . Those aspects gave the other movies the acclaim that they received . This one however leaves fighting as a tie-in to all the events going on in their busy personal lives , raise sail here , swab deck there . Give it a chance ; because open-minded is better than close-minded , still I felt personally disappointed by the movie more than anything .
 Yes , yes , yes ! Marvelous period detail , accurate to the nth degree of infinite boredom . Weir does SUCH a fine job of fitting in so much unnecessary -LRB- but , gee , it 's so realistic ! -RRB- detail that he forgot to add a plot . The flimsy storyline about one tiny ship chasing a bigger one really begins to wear thin once one realizes we 're dealing with `` Lucky '' Jack Aubrey . No Nelson he , not even a Hornblower . His guile strikes the viewer as labored and obvious -- not that Crowe does not do a good job at acting the part . He presents Aubrey in all his luck , his vulgarity , and rather simplemindedness . But after picking out all the fine details and admiring them , I was still left waiting for a grand denouement that never happened with a hero who 's less than inspiring . The minor characters are just that , and the subplots are vapid and make the movie longer than it needs to be . This is not the naval action movie that is going to make a believer out of me . And one more thing - nice music but it did n't match the action . That was very jarring in some places .
 I have to confess I never believed the hype for this movie . I was n't looking forward to three hours of sailors sailing it up on a boat . If that was the only problem I had with it though , I wonuld n't be quite fired up enough to write about it.What I was disappointed about was how incredibly cliched the movie is . The writing was more appropriate to a period peice from the silent movie era than a current film . And it has every stock character from a naval movie ever . The weak officer , the near mutiny , the enemy ship who always appears like a ghost , the superstitous old sailor , etc. , etc. . The dialogue was as wooden as the dialogue in Star Wars Phantom Menace and rarely gave Russell Crowe a chance to demonstrate his talent.It gets two stars for being SO formulaic . At least all of the completely predictable events were there , enough to give all of the hack critics out there a woody . If it had tried to be A LITTLE creative and failed , it would have dropped to one star for me . I 'm sure those who read the book will be happy with it , but why you would want to pay eight bucks for something with no new fresh life is beyond me.There 's a reason this movie got beat out by Elf in it 's debut week -LRB- despite the fact that Elf had already been out a week -RRB- . It is totaly tedious .
 At one moment , this movie seems to be about a ship of war attempting to complete a mission . At another moment , it seems to be an `` expose '' of life on an 18th century vessel . At yet another moment , it seems to be a pretentious moral investigation into the balance of military vs. scientific priorities . Unfortunately , from trying to be so many things it never succeeds in fulfilling any one of them . Nor do the characters give us particularly much to care about them . The end result is a definitely underwhelming impact leaving one wondering why this film was made in the first place .
 I have to include myself in the `` not impressed '' minority here , simply because any story or depth is lacking . The movie is well made , no one doubts that , and it looks incredible . There are moving scenes , and most of those involve either the little blonde haired kid -LRB- you either feel sorry for him , or think he 's uber-courageous -RRB- , or the doctor of the ship feeling sorry for himself because he ca n't study the islands . The movie tries hard to have `` depth '' by adding these side stories of the Galapagos islands rest-stop , the `` sensitive '' doctor , and the `` wow , those are little kids in the midst of battle ! '' But these portions are n't explored enough to really add much flavor to story that 's basically about a ship trying to engage in battle with another ship . French ship blasts English ship , English ship limps away and hides , English ship recovers , English ship searches French ship for revenge . The rest , the human story , is just garnish . It was like drinking sugar water . No nutrition here at all . However , they do try hard to add a sense of atmosphere and history . Which works . For awhile . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After waiting , purchasing , and watching this movie I have no idea why it was granted the accolades it was . Peter Weir is a very good director but has little to work with as Crowe goes beyond character and tries to utter failure to not be a part of the movie but be the movie itself.In Weir movies often the landscape becomes a character in and of itself - think for instance of Picnic at Hanging Rock . However here he loses this advantage and opportunity . I know that the Hollywood money men make decisions to formula but keeping Weir from creating the landscape character of the ship and sea is really inexcusable.A universally poor cast and script lead this film into the depths of mediocrity which is such a shame .
 This was a very boring movie , there was n't much to keep you on the edge of your seat or to just keep you entertained . Russell Crowe saved this movie from me giving it 1 star . He is definetly one of the best actors out there and should get better movies to showcase his talent in . Without him this movie would have been even worse than it actually was . If you want to see a good ship movie check out Pirates of the Carribean . That is a very entertaining movie and I look forward to the second one . I very much hope there are n't any sequels to Master and Commander .
 I purchased this DVD based on all of the hype surrounding the movie and of course Russell Crowe acting in a period piece . After watching this movie I wish I would have saved the purchase for a box of popcorn and a matinee discount.Even Russell Crowe did n't pull in this movie for me despite being a great actor . He is convincing as Captain Aubrey but instead of acting and emoting he does more posing than anything else . Maybe it 's because the movie itself had absolutely no storyline to connect the viewers to the individual characters . The sea is beautiful , the Galapagos adventure amazing , the period pieces and ship detail as accurate as I could imagine , but there just is no plot . Two boats travel about a restless ocean trying to anniliate one another over political control , so what ! I even rooted for the French in the end because their Captain at least attempted to help an injured Brit while Russell Crowe was busy posing and demanding the loudness of cannons for interest . I was ready to de-board and take in a documentary on the Galapagos Islands , the only really interesting aspect of this film .
 When I put the DVD into my lap top to play it yesterday , it would n't play ! All my computer was doing was trying to load it , thinking , making noise . I thought then that it was my lap top so I removed the DVD and tried another movie , which worked perfectly . I was very excited to get this movie and very disappointed at this outcome . : /
 This movie should not have gotten the credit that it did . it may have had good art direction and costume designs but that does not make a good movie . Master and Commander was filled with a boaring plot , very few and very dull battle sequences , and scene after scene at the dinner table that make doing bifunctional equations seem interesting . Watching this movie was probably the worst thing I have done all year , including cutting off my own legs and beating myself with them . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 What is it?It 's `` Moby Dick '' without the whale . And captain Ahab 's drugged.It 's `` Bounty '' without the rebellion.It 's `` Treasure Island '' without Long John Silver.It 's horrible . There 's this ship following another ship . In pauses between `` turn that way , Mr. . . '' , there are feeble attempts of characterisation , unless they 're busy painting the ship . Whatever worked in the three aforementioned movies , fails miserably . The worst thing is , it 's obviously there . I can buy that a great white whale is a demon from Hell , but a demon taking a form of a technically more advanced French ship ? Meh.It 's surgicaly devoid of charm , humour and anything resembling amusement . A few gross scenes that are potentially captvating , but by the time you get there , you do n't care . A few scenes that should be moving fail 'cause you ca n't quite remember whi IS that guy who just died , really ... Actors ? Horrible . Absolutely horrible . Then again they have nothing to do , they ca n't DO any better . If they cast Anthony Hopkins , Sean Connery , Brad Pitt and Alan Rickman , they 'd look just as bad.Special effects and stuff ? OK , that 's well done . And the claustrophobics of the ship on the huge ocean is captured marvellously . Then again , after ages of chasing around , you expect at LEAST a spectacular finale . Unfortunatly , there IS none.It 's a horrible movie . Do n't buy it . Do n't even rent it . Do n't bother . If you MUST see a movie about the sea and the old ships and stuff , get the movies I mentioned above .
 Master and commander , well Russel was nominated for his acting , all the reviews said how good it was , I think they must have shown it at the morgue as it was DEAD boring ... . I had a flight to take and great the movie was Master and Commander . So with great anticipation I sat down to enjoy this raved about movie . I have never known a 3 hour flight to last for 6 and a half hours , well that 's how long it seemed to take for this movie to finish . I had to go to the WC half way through the movie , even without sound it looked boring . Down the back of the plane were the air crew , each with their own portable DVD players watching other movies . . I wonder why ??? The most boring dead beat story to come to the big screen in the past 10 years ... . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!
 I was looking forward to Russell Crowes performance but this movie did him no justice . What should have tipped me off was the assanine box cover , however I was duped by the clever reviews mentioned thereon . Do not be mislead , this movie is as bad as the art work on the cover . Boring to the point of tears and fatigue I was literally exhausted after watching this movie and had to receive shock treatments to revive my will to live . Do yourselves a favor and stick to `` The Gladiator '' .
 I am among the biggest Russell Crowe fans on the planet , and we had to wait months since `` A Beautiful Mind '' for another RC movie to come out . I thought , Great ! He 's in another action/adventure story , the stuff he was created to do.How disappointed I was with `` Master & Commander . '' First of all , like another reviewer said , it was extremely hard to understand what the characters were saying . Also I had read a Roger Ebert review and he said this movie was reminiscent of Jaws-where , like the shark , the murderous French ship was stalking Capt. Aubrey 's ship and you never saw it , but you knew it was out there . Was supposed to be suspensful I guess , but it was n't . The story was so tepid that it was almost a Discovery documentary on how to take care of and sail a big ship . I could n't get into the story and the characters were boring . Two little old ladies sitting behind me said , `` This is the best part of this movie '' when the characters laid over on the Gallapagos Islands . The sound effects were tremendously too loud and I saw numerous other theatre-goers covering their ears . This movie was certainly not worth losing your hearing over ! When they were n't fighting , Russell Crowe or not , I fell asleep . This is definitely a guy movie , lots of fighting , blood and guts . Can not recommend . And the box-office results are showing this .
 The film itself is very well made and pleasing to watch . Buy it today , by all means.My extreme distaste is to the fact that in the book this is based on , the British actually fight -LRB- and beat -RRB- an American ship in the war of 1812 -LRB- which the poor Brits had to fight at the same time as the Napoleonic war -RRB- . What 's the matter with you Americans ? Ca n't you stand to see a little defeat on the big screen with some great historics to go with it ? You won the damn war in the end , anyway ! In most historical films the British are portrayed as evil and tyrannical -LRB- Braveheart , The Patriot -RRB- , or else just bumbling , and ultra-posh . What a load of Hollywood Hogwash ! It 's like in `` The Last Samurai '' , where you just have to have some American heroe gloating over victory.Free your minds people ! -LRB- Take no offence , please . I think Americans are great ! -RRB-
 I was hoping for a lot from this movie and it let me down on all counts . Theres no plot even though it covers several of the books . My father who read the whole series and has never disliked a movie in my memory said he got he best use of his $ 8 by walking out of the theater an hour in . Those who has read the books will appreciate a few glipses of favorite character but thats all you get . I love Russle Crow but he didnt get much of a chance to act , mainly because there absolutely NO PLOT . However , it is very beautiful , if you enjoy amazing shots of tall ships and ocean watch this movie , thats all there is in it . For me amazing shots of ships in a storm get a little old after an hour , but it just keeps going on , and on and on ...
 I ca n't believe the over the top reviews for this one . This would have been a great Sunday afternoon TV flick in the late 80s but nothing more . Lots of sailing , drinking and gore -LRB- not that there is anything wrong with that mind you -RRB- but there was just no compelling storyline arround it . This was painfully long to watch . Swimming lizzards and birds that wo n't fly , however fascinating , seemed to be odly out of place it was more like Gladiator meets the nature channel . It seemed to me that Russel said ` Hey , I like the Galapagos Islands and sailing , so lets do something there ' , I usually like his work , but that thing stunk .
 I RECEIVED A DEFECTIVE COPY OF THIS FILM FOR CHRISTMAS . WHAT A MISERABLE SURPRISE !
 This movie is just so utterly boring it 's not even funny.Why go further ?
 peter weir continues after all these years to make bad movies -- this one is more hollywood than most of his other mishaps-its not believable despite the other reviews here -- the first half almost sinks under the weight of garbled dialogue ----- its all salty aND BRINY and british -- AND OVERWRITTEN -- the action is all close ups of wood being exploded -- u dont have any feelings for these sailors -- one actor astands out -- the lad who assists the doctor and captain and gets to see his other young friend die in battle -- there are a few moments that are compelling - but not that compelling to make the voyage worth while -- the suicide -- almost poignant but not quite - because of the general failure of the movie to put us convincingly where the action is - its all pretense and with no real plot -- it adds up to much ado about very little -- in other better seafaring movies like the old moby dick -- or captains courageous -- you are there on board ship having these great adventures ! !!!! here its all second hand -- and you are always conscious yer watching something that was badly edited & unconvicingly shot -- this movie joins the ranks of the rest of the garbage that won awards last year -- the crappy mystic river - the unbearable sophomoric and moronic sophia coppalla nonsense - that hobbit idiocy - the oppressive and the depressing sand and fog -- all just more smoke and mirrors !!!!! dont waste yer time matey !!!!!
 The movie was poorly produced . The plot stinks and you have action at the beginning and end and not a lot in between . If you like naval warfare movies then maybe this is your thing but it is not something I will be adding to my DVD collection .
 all i have to say is anything you really want to see in this movie can be seen in the previews . thats how sad it was . my date and i both fell asleep . the first part is ok . from there its just downhill . not even rent worthy !
 Initially , I did not want to see this film , however , after seeing the trailer , I thought that there was enough action and adventure to keep the film interesting . I should have trusted my first instinct.As it turns out , all the action is in the first 10 minutes and the last 10 minutes . Unfortunately , the two hours in between is as boring and vapid as any movie since The English Patient . I would have left this movie had I not been with friends -LRB- none of whom enjoyed the film either -RRB- .
 This has got to be one of the most overrated and boring films of all time . I went in expecting a movie that would deliver a good story about a naval battle and the such . I left the theater feeling ripped off . The movie spends a painfully long amount of time on useless and irrelevant little stories about so called `` Life on the sea '' . This film should n't even be described as a Full length movie . It should be described as a very long documentary -LRB- read dull and slow -RRB- about naval life paired with a mini action short . The only thing that kept us from falling asleep during the film was the nicely done cinematography.IMO , do n't waste your time and money .
 this is a horrible poor excuse for an action/war movie . i 've only shut off 3 movies in my whole life without finishing them and this is one of them and i watch plenty of movies , i own over 400 dvds . the movie appears to be awesome from the previews , but this is a trick to get you to see it . after watching this for a little over an hour , i wanted to rip my hair out of my head because it was rediculously boring . i would give this negative stars if i could . russell crowe is an excellent actor , but hopefully he chooses better roles in the future after this one .
 One measure is what I draw from a movie . For the life of me , I can remember little but Crow hanging from the riggings , powder smoke , some island research and wine drinking . That 's it . No catchy phrases , no memorable scenes . Nothing.Its been probably eighteen months since I viewed the film . At the time I thought is was a bit dull . I served in the modern submarine navy and I think a film about the sub during even my time on board would have proven more interesting.Good production value , though .
 The DVD plays fine , but the case wo n't hold the disk in the center anymore because the plastic broke . The DVD does n't have deep scratches , but the light scratches on the surface make you wonder what happened to it .
 This film is what I expected , a generic Hollywood style film . So , I wasnt suprised , but I was suprised by how many people love this film . It is disgustipating ! Crowe looks like a girlie with his gay pony tail , what a looser .
 brilliant special effects . worst . plot . ever . if you like huge circles with no conclusion AT ALL -LRB- it 's seriously a huge circular plot that sucks -RRB- and not being entertained -LRB- as well as the use of the `` periscope shot '' at least 28 times -RRB- , then this movie is for you . if you actually like good movies , then stay away from this .
 I thought this movie was very tedious . It had one decent battle scene at the beginning and a marginal battle scene at the end . Everything in the middle was uninteresting filler . They spent more time on the Galapagos islands then anywhere else looking at animal specimens that I could n't care less about . If I wanted that I 'd have watched Jaques Cousteau . I was expecting a movie about wooden naval ships , but those were more of a background scene in this movie . The character of the captain was also as shallow and see through as plastic wrap . All the other characters around him has to tell the audience how great the captain is because the captain character sure could n't demonstrate it on his own . The political correctness was also nauseating . Make better use of your time and money by checking out something else .
 This movie is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has read the books on which it claims to have been based , or who knows anything about 18th-19th century naval warfare before ironclads .
 This film was perchance one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure of viewing . To begin with , the cinema at which I saw this film was filthy . Refuse and spilled drink were ubiquitous , rendering the floor sticky and thus completely abhorrent . The staff was terrible , and they all had a terrible attitude . Furthermore , the man who was selling the popcorn was a racist , and his relentless taunts will remain in my mind for the rest of my life . As for the film , it was quite enjoyable , and quite worthy of the Academy Award -LRB- TM -RRB- nomination it garnered . In summation , I would recommend this film to all those enjoy a film with a talented cast and wonderful direction ; just do n't see it at the Odeon in Leicester Square , London , UK , SW4 .
 Okay , okay I know there are fans of this movie that will want to make me walk the plank for this review ... BUT ... . I was unable to get interested in this movie in the least !!!!! I tried twice to sit down and watch this movie but each time my mind wandered to other things . The movie simply did not grab my interest or attention in the least.Naval battle ... . get drunk and eat ... naval battle ... get drunk and eat ... that got old real fast.I found myself grabbing magazines to read and other things to distract me while this movie played.The second time I turned to my wife and asked ... `` Do you mind if I stop this movie ? `` Her reply ... `` Go ahead . I 'm not watching it anyway . I fell asleep first time and this time I 'm doing needlepoint . This film is lame and boring . `` So we never made it past about 50 minutes before just giving in to pure boredom and the mental torture of dragging thru this bloated artsy-fartsy film.Great cinematography ... great costumes ... . great historical accuracy ... but if I want a documentary I 'll watch History Channel and actually enjoy a real history lesson ... . not Hollywood 's attempt at being cerebral or whatever .
 Let me make this quick and simple
 Great movie if you are a single male , in your 50s , and own a boat . Otherwise , paint drying is more exciting . Dull , dull , dull.I think the Patrick O'Brian 's estate should sue . His books are lively , humourous , exciting and , well , had a story . Not this movie . `` No women allowed '' should be on the cover of this DVD . My girlfriend was so bored that I am condemned to three `` chick flicks '' for picking this stinker . Thanks Master and Commander .
 My goodness ! I 'm still asleep after watching this movie ! If you 're having trouble sleeping , try this snooze fest . It 'll knock you right out . I almost fell asleep several times in the theater . It was hard to get into the movie and difficult to understand a word they 're saying with that accent ! So basically the whole thing was confusing and it lost my interest . I could n't wait until it was over . The beginning battle scene was exciting ... then the movie went downhill from there . I got tired of seeing the same things over and over again , sailing , more sailing , feasting , and mumbling words . Not sure why critics rave about it so much . Just warning people out there not to waste money on this dull dud .
 This movie is boring . There 's nothing here that I like . I know people like it because of the pyschology and the emotion depicited in the film . Somehow , it does not appeal to me .
 Very poor copy . Too dark to see in many parts.No more DVDs from Amazon . I will buy thiselsewhere
 I have been an avid reader of the Aubrey-Maturin series.O ` Brian was a purist and developed intense , believable characters . This film , unfortunately disappoints . The inane mis-casting of Russell Crowe , with his innapropriate Aussie drawl , is the biggest flaw . He in now way portrays the original character , either in stature or speech.The same can be said for Maturin , who is the `` raison d'etre '' for most of the missions undertaken by H.M.S. Surprise . If one wishes to see the fullness of this crime , read the series.I was soooo dismayed to see this in the theaters . The entire emphasis seems to be on the visual aspects of this work , which standing on their own are creditable , although lacking in many ways to show the immensity of the seafarer 's world in Aubrey 's time . I can only pray , that like `` Mutiny on The Bounty '' , this great epoch will be revisited by artists with clearer intellect and vision . Sorry , but I can not recommend this juvenile epic in any regard .
 There 's nothing particularly * wrong * with Master and Commander , but there 's nothing particularly compelling about it either . For a movie that has received as much hype as this one , potential purchasers of the DVD should understand that they 'll get a sturdy sea warfare film that provides a bit of a diversion , but not much else . There are no surprises here , nothing to really pick out of the pleasant background that unspools as the film progresses . The characters are forced and hackneyed -- the little kid with grit , the secret pacifist warrior who also has his sensitive and artistic side . And technically the movie is quite competent , managing to do a convincing job of re-creating a period look . But there 's something about the way the actors work within that carefully crafted period look that undermines it , and once the viewer starts to focus on the fact that `` that 's Russell Crowe up there , '' the remainder of the film becomes an endurance contest . You know how they say good actors disappear into the character ? Crowe , who has been great before -LRB- e.g. . The Insider -RRB- and good before -LRB- Gladiator , A Beatiful Mind -RRB- simply has nowhere to go with this badly written character and inartfully written dialog.I personally suggest that people looking for more compelling sea adventures check out the amazing `` The Bounty '' with Messrs. Hopkins and Gibson squaring off , or Robert Shaw in `` Swashbuckler , '' or even Pirates of the Carribean . Even the sea scenes in `` Count of Monte Cristo '' with Jim Cavaziel work better . Heck , I 'd even suggest `` Cabin Boy . '' It 's not that this film is terrible , it 's just that there 's no particular reason to go out of one 's way to see it .
 I really , really , really wanted to like this movie . Not only did it get great reviews , but it is set on a wooden square rigger . The golden age of sail ! There were all these stories about how Peter Weir did all this research to really get the authenticity . Wow ! I thought . Well , all that does n't amount to squat if you do n't have a story or characters that are interesting . And what about a cohesive timeline ? One day they are off the coast of brazil , then next in the cape , having the same conversation ! Who was it that died overboard when poor Crowe had to cut the mast off ? It took a few minutes to figure out what was happening every new scene . Those boats are pretty though ... Rent Horatio Hornblower instead .
 I am one of those people who prefers to read the book before I watch the film . It allows me to create my own imagery , instead of relying completely on the producer and director of the film.Having never read a Patrick O'Brien book , I went to the bookshop only to discover that The Far Side of the World is in the middle of a 16 book series . Undaunted , I read the first seven books before watching the film . I was completely captivated by the description , detail , and the relationship between Stephen Marturin and Jack Aubrey.To my utter horror , the film was a mongrelized , cobbled , disjointed retelling of a number of O'Brien 's books . As I watched the film I remembered a 10 second blurb from the fourth book followed directly by a one minute conversation from the second . Everything chopped up . Everything out of order.To make matters worse the film focuses almost entirely on grand battle scenes and chases . It does almost nothing to help people get a feeling for the conditions and relationships on a British man-o-war . Where is the wit found in the books ? Where are the interesting reltionships ? The person who cast Stephen Marturin clearly did not read the books . The fact that Stephen is in the intelligence business and became a ships surgeon to get around never seems to works its way into the story line.A cinematic spectacle perhaps , but not a great film . Save your money , and buy the books instead .
 This is Exactly like Moby Dick . only the difference is they are chasing after a ship and not a whale . hello , a big lacking in originality bit time.I was disappointed , like watching a movie for the second time.if you saw the most recent Moby Dick movie . Do n't rent this unless you want a repeat of the same old same old . .
 This review is for those of you who already know this is a great movie with a great soundtrack ... but are considering upgrading from a DVD to this Blu Ray for an expected boost in video quality.Don ' t bother with this `` upgrade . '' The video quality of this blu ray is no better than my DVD -LRB- tested on a 60 inch plasma HDTV -RRB- . Very disappointing ...
 Fox Blu-Rays are the worst on the market . Bare bones and picture quality is B.S. See Predator for picture Quality compared to other Blu-Ray releases , terrible . The Wild Bunch was made long before Predator and so was The Searchers and they look way better than Predator . B. Dent must not see too well .
 I went to the theatre and saw this film the first day it came out . It was differant but i loved it . I could n't wait for the DVD to be released . However once i saw that there were two versions , and one of the versions cost twice as much as the other i was to say the least angry . One version is just the movie and it costs just the same as any other DVD -LRB- might as well just wait for it to come on cable -RRB- . The other version -LRB- the collectors addition -RRB- contains all the extra 's that you would find on any other DVD movie only they are expecting you to pay twice as much for something you would normaly get for the regular price of a dvd . What a scam . That is the reason i will only give it one star . Like i said , i loved the movie , however the value when buying the DVD is terrible .
 This movie is so slow and boring it will put you to sleep or make you want to leave the room.I was not entertained by this movie at all.It was a chore to watch it.Reminded me off a movie that they would force you to watch in school.It was painfully long and dull.The plot was bad.The dialog boring.The only good thing about this was was the special effects and costumes.I Ca n't believe all the good reviews for this movie.Must be some dull and boring people , just like the movie .
 I bought it because of the many high rating reviews , tried very hard to like it but in truth I found it too slow and in fact boring , a real waste -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I saw this movie in Korea back in November , and you know what , I was n't really that impressed . Firstly , Russel Crowe 's acting has never impressed me all that much . Maybe its just me , but I have a very hard time seeing what is so special about him . I felt like he pumped out the same tired performance that he has been doing for years . Secondly , the plot bothers me . Everytime they meet up with the other ship , there is no reason whatsoever for why they should run into it . Its never explained . It just sort of pops up and they battle , then it runs away . Third , the fact that they had two little kids in important posts on the ship is just absurd . Not believable at all . I know they tried to be accurate to the fact that they had little kids on boats back then , but it makes no sense to have them in such important posts . Lastly , the subplot with the doctor supposedly discovering evolution before Darwin is awful . Its an unnecessary subplot in the story , and even a little moronic . It was executed real cheesily . Why this movie was nominated for best picture is beyond me . Personally , I think its simply because Russel Crowe is in it . Hollywood seems to have the assumption that anything Russel Crowe does must be good .
 Come on people how can you stand this movie . I have a cousing who has n't ever seen more than 20 minutes of it because he falls asleep . It 's not worth the time . theres no plot , no real purpose to the movie !
 This was the worst excuse for a movie ! A plot that really made no sense , this movie seemed to be made so that we could see how cute Russell Crowe looked in uniform and enjoy the battle scenes . While I love , and own , several of his other movies , I totally disliked this movie , and will probably not watch it again , let alone recommend it to others . It 's so bad , that I 'm sure Russell Crowe could not have actually READ the script before he agreed to do the film .
 The acting was a farce , as much as I like to look at Mr Crowe . He should have given this one a miss and let some one more capable take the helm
 If you just want to see how the people lived , joked and dressed during napoleonic times , it 's a good movie . If you want to watch an action movie , or a movie that has a line to follow and will keep you on the edge of your seat , look elsewhere . This is not the movie . It 's more documentary type than anything else . Not worth the money to rent it !
 This was a very unclear movie . There was very little information from the communication of the characters and I could not understand why they needed to chase that ship . Also , it 's all very stretched out . Only about half the scenes needed to be in the movie . It was also very boring and had very little excitement . In the end it seemed that the captain was fooled and started to chase the ship again and then it just ended . They should have deleted the useless scenes earlier and made the end a bit better . A waste of time , do n't watch it unless you really , really want or if you 're a Russel Crowe fan .
 The movie was allright , nothing to get excited about.I often read while watching a movie . If a movie is good enough to really command my attention , I stop reading . This movie did not command my attention.The worst thing about it was that there was no ending . The movie just stopped in the middle of something . Im sorry I spent the money .
 You ca n't make up for poor directing and boring dialogue with special effects.This movie was a complete failure . I would give it no stars if that was possible . Having read all of the Lucky Jack novels I was hoping that Russell Crowe would be able to bring to the screen something of what Patrick O'Brian had created in his 20 novel series . After the first hour I had to begin fast forwarding . It was a complete and total waste of my time . Even if I had not read the novels , this movie was just poorly done . I did n't care about the characters , the fighting scenes had good special effects but since I do n't watch a movie for the special effects this did nothing to add to a movie that simply did n't make it as far as directing or acting was concerned . Save your money and time , give this movie a miss . Or better yet , get a copy of Mutiny on the Bounty with Marlon Brando .
 I have n't the slightest notion how good or bad this film might be . The idiots who sent it chose the PAL format instead of the United States format of NTSC - so it 's useless to me - - - thanks a lot , fellas !!
 The story basically is Aubrey chasing around in the southern part of the hemisphere after a French man ` o'war ... that is it ... I found it -LRB- extremely -RRB- tedious and annoying.One of the most distracting part of it was the noise.The dialogue was often drowned in it ... Frankly I think Weir should have spent a bit more time on character development ... If you think that this film is exciting , then you probably would love watching grass grow ...
 I wanted so bad to like this movie , but unfortunately I could not . This movie almost put me to sleep , oh it 's true . I had a hard time understanding the dialog so I was forced to use the english subtitles . There 's almost zero action in this movie and even the one battle scene was weak . Too much talking and playing violins . -LRB- hee haw ! -RRB- Very , very boring movie . I 'm sorry guys but this one sucks bad ... Real Bad ! ... . Can you dig it ?
 This is not very enjoyable , and I think the Oscars have been corrupt since Jerry McGuire won best picture . I know I 'm in the minority , but the individuals set of films just rubs me the wrong way . I doubt the historical accuracy of the films , and do not enjoy the sense of self-importance and bravado . Want to be a leading man ? Lose 30 pounds and get a haircut . I find Ben Affleck to be a better leading man , and I think he 's a robot in a Daredevil costume . The day these folks re-make Deliverance with Russell Crowe as Ned Beatty , Ben Affleck as Burt Reynolds , Matt Damon as John Voigt , and Tom Cruise as Ronny Cox is the day they take some daring and bold roles . I think Norm McDonald and Artie Lang from the film Dirty Work would nicely reprise the part of the Hillbilly 's that victimized Ned Beatty and John Voigt .
 This movie is supposed to be based on Patrick O &#65533; Brian 's set of 20 books . The book `` Far Side of the World '' has the British ship pursue an American ship , not a French ship . So , why the switch ? In the 20 set collection , most of the naval battles are between America and the British around 1810-1815 . The books have very little to do with France.If this was purely a movie made up on the imagination of the people involved then I would say it is pretty good . But , honestly , can we allow the director/producer to distort a writer 's work ?
 I was extremely disapointed in this movie . It was soooooooo boring . It started off with a battle . Then it dragged on and on and ended in a battle . Plus , the ending was one of the worst I have ever seen .
 Okay , now , in all fairness to this movie , I did n't watch the entire thing . I could n't . I sat through the first several hours , and it was slow and tedious . I did n't care about any of the characters , and there was no action whatsoever . Five or six hours in , a pseudo-interesting thing happened involving a the cabin-boy , I think . That kept me watching for a while longer . But hour 10 , I gave up . I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen ; and I 'd grown to loathe all of the characters . I 'd also grown a beard . It was looong.-SteveSteve5805@yahoo.comEdit
 First , are we supposed to be fooled that Russell Crowe 's Australian accent was British ? The only reason I 'm giving this film two stars instead of one was because of the art direction and costumes . As for the rest , I 've seen better on the History Channel . Lucky Jack 's obsession parallels , Captain Ahab from Moby Dick , but less interesting . I wanted to like this film , but it just did n't engage me . Surprising enough , it probably would 've been a pretty good book . Nah . Overall
 Soundtrack was great ; deep , rich bass and very active surround channels . Visually , the movie was average . The plot was slow moving , repetitive , and essentially anti-climatic . I watched it once then sold it to break even . Rent the movie first .
 Well , this was a shock
 I 've really tried to like this movie . In watching it on blu-ray after watching it on DVD , I can truly say that the blu-ray quality is really quite good , with a few poor shots from the original film intact , and the sound is great . I have several major problems with the movie , all of which I think seriously detract from its quality . First , the story line really drags on , and the relationship between the French and British combatants is not really developed to the extent that it deserves , as the movie focuses more on the personal relationship of the commander -LRB- R. Crowe -RRB- and the ship 's doctor/naturalist . There are a lot of minor side plots going on , like suicidal depression , and an inordinate number of surgeries . The time scale of the pursuit around Cape Horn , like most events in this film , is lost on the viewer . After a while , the consistently upbeat attitude of the commander is almost maniacal ! Then there is the ununatural but substantial natural history - an unusually large part of this film , as the ship 's doctor is portrayed in a Darwinesque fashion , in the Galapagos . The first strange episode involves the identification of meal worm -LRB- Tenebrionidae -RRB- larvae as `` weevils , '' part of a pun by the commander , but clearly demonstrating the ineptness of his naturalist friend . This gets worse on the Galapagos , particularly where impossible telescopic views of remote animals are depicted , and the naturalist releases a captured lot of common green iguanas -LRB- Iguana iguana -RRB- , a species that does not occur in the Galapagos Islands . At least in Gladiator Ridley Scott -LRB- whose work I greatly respect -RRB- used a European Robin . Imagine your reaction if he used an American Robin in a Roman battle scene ! Terrence Mallick , in The Thin Red Line , and in The New World , has also focused on natural history , but takes care to accurately depict the local flora and fauna -LRB- more than anyone -RRB- . Given the emphasis on Natural History in this film , and its obvious cost , care should definitely have been taken in this area . It 's either sloppy movie-making , or distain for natural history .
 I kept waiting for this movie to get going and it never did . Just no tension at all . I guess I 'm spoiled by the Horatio Hornblower series , which is much more exciting and a better tutorial of ship life in those days -LRB- Master and Commander got a lot wrong , but like Russell said , `` If you watch movies to learn history , you are wrong , Mate ! '' -RRB- . There are 8 Hornblower espisodes -LRB- A&E -RRB- I know of and I have 6 of those in a boxed set . I presume you can order the other two on DVD , which are the most recent . All are feature-length , so in all , you get almost 16 hours at sea.Russell Crowe , whom I love , really did seem fat and slow , which is what all the previews showed but I blindly ignored . At least * rent * it first . Do n't buy it without seeing it like I did .
 I had high hopes of this movie after seeing and hearing all the great reviews that this movie has recieved upon it 's release and was so excited to see how it turned out . Sadly , I have to say that this movie completely fell short on all fronts of what I was expecting.The movie is about the tale of Sailor Stephen Mataurin as he sails out to sea too see the wonders and strangeness of the richness of the lands on the ` far side ' of the world while the Napeleonic Wars rage on in France.The good points which are rather sparse are good . The various shots of the oceans and the ships sailing are absolutely beautiful and spellbinding . The landscapes are also stunning as well . The various battle scenes are intense and bring out the graphic nature of what real life Pirate battles were really like and the sad results of war throughout the ages . The action scenes though only amount up to maybe ten or fifteen minutes of the movie . That 's pretty much it for what 's really enjoyable about this movie.The good points though are negated by the excessively slow pace of this movie . It drags and drags on that one ca n't help but feel tested at his or her ability to maintain interest in a slow movie for over two hours . The movie also felt like it was all thrown together into just a hodgepodge of fighting scenes and disgusting surgical acts too . While it does bring to light how awful surgery was at the time , it sure was rather hard to stomach at times . Everything just seems to not hold together for very long and by the time the movie ended , I was just utterly dumbstruck and was like `` What the H was that ?! `` While far from being a one star film , `` Master and Commander '' really could have been one of the greatest films this year but due to it 's molassas pace , and the lack of good dialogue , this really turned out to be a rather dull and dissapointing movie .
 I recenntly bought the above DVD . But can not play it on my DVD player it says `` Wrong Region Disc '' I would like to return the DVD , unfotunately I have discarded the package . Could you please advise me further ? I want to mention that I have always had very good and prompt service.ThanksHarry Shaw
 A British warship in the Pacific is taken by surprise and pounded hard by a bigger , faster , better designed and better armed French warship during the Napoleonic wars.Nevertheless , the British give chase and we kinda know they will prevail because they are ... blond.This is confirmed by the few scenes where you actually get to see some Frenchmen . They are shaggy , dirty , grim , and , unfortunately for them , not blond.So everything makes sense.Entertaining , mostly of you are blond and not French .
 Having read some of the books , I was really excited to watch this movie . It just never could get going . There was so much dealing with the boat that the plot line never progressed , and had I not read the book , I would n't have known what was going on . I did n't even finish the movie , so maybe it got better after the first hour , but I 'll never know .
 First of all , I will get my bias out of the way and say I have n't seen that many `` sea '' movies that I have liked . So when I saw this one , and came to realize that it is more about the relationship of two characters , Russel Crowe -LRB- Captain -RRB- and Paul Bettany -LRB- ship 's surgeon , -RRB- then I realized I just did not like it . Now this one is n't a creative mental movie like Crowe 's earlier part was in A Beautiful Mind , and it lacked the action in Gladiator . Those aspects gave the other movies the acclaim that they received . This one however leaves fighting as a tie-in to all the events going on in their busy personal lives , raise sail here , swab deck there . Give it a chance ; because open-minded is better than close-minded , still I felt personally disappointed by the movie more than anything .
 I like Russell Crowe as an actor a lot . I 've admired many of Peter Weir 's previous movies . I like action adventure movies . I love war stories . I love history . And so I anticipated that I would really like this movie `` Master and Commander '' and instead ... what a disappointment it turned out to be ! What happened?The cinematography and the authenticity of shipboard life and naval warfare in the age of tall ships is terrific . Kudos . But that 's about it for this movie , and just about everything else fell flat for me with this movie.Russell Crowe plays perhaps the most cardboard cutout character of his career in this movie , the rather unsympathetic , ego-driven war-crazed Jack Aubry . Crowe 's best roles have always been these flawed but ultimately honorable , heroic figures . Not so here with Jack Aubry . It did n't help that Crowe inflated himself again to the size of the Pillsbury Doughboy in order to play this role -LRB- yes , I know that the novelized Aubry was that size , but still , a fat guy at the helm of a tall ship just does n't look terribly heroic -RRB- . Perhaps in a different era , Aubry 's determined drive to risk the lives of his men in order to seek out , engage , and defeat the enemy of his king would have appeared heroic . In the context of our current world , post-Vietnam , and now mired in Iraq , one can only think that this guy was an idiot for taking on unnecessary risks and for throwing away the lives of his men.For that is the one thing that this movie , in its drive for realism , does show . At the end , a number of the characters that we have become thoroughly acquainted with during the movie get killed in the final battle with the French ship Acheron . And I could n't but help think , was this supposed to be heroic ? Just what did Aubry gain from all of this death ? A promotion?As for the rest of the movie , well , others have mentioned already the problems with the plot . This was n't just a minor problem . There were gigantic holes in the plotline . The lack of a coherent plot just made Aubry 's meandering determination to attack the French ship look even more senseless and ridiculous.So here 's the plot in a nutshell , see if you can spot the holes
 Yes they both have the costumes , the floggings , the weevils crawling from the biscuits and of course the swashbuckling action but what separates them is the sense of believability and attachment to the characters that Master and Commander never comes close to . I also found the script awkward and unbelievable and the pedestrian plot is an afterthought . The new Horatio Hornblower series is a much better take on this exciting era and it captures the sense of adventure and romance on the deep seas that makes it linger in your memory while Master and Commander has long faded away .
 Worst Russell Crowe movie I ever saw and I really like Russell Crowe . He did not really have a lot of lines to say . The movie was very boring in my opinion .
 England is at war with France . Russell Crowe plays a sea captain chasing after an American-made French ship . Not throughout the entire movie was I made to feel like I had to chase the ship too . I never felt the obsession on the level I was intended to . First it was a Moby Dick movie , then it was something else , then back to Moby Dick again . I took a break 1/3 of the way through to come back in to one of the crew jumping off the ship to commit suicide . I would have jumped too if I were in this movie.If you like cinematography , it was absolutely gorgeous . But you might want to wait to rent . There are far too many other good movies releasing this time of year to see instead .
 When I saw the previews of the movie , I expected to see action and adventure . This movie was boring and I found myself wanting to leave the theater . The beginning of the movie started of strong , but as the movie wore on , it began to lose its momentum . If you want to get an historical perspective on how it was to live at sea back then , then this movie is an A + , if you want action and adventure get The Last Samurai .
 I was really looking forward to seeing this movie & I 'm sad to say that I was very disappointed . I was expecting there to be tons of action but there was n't hardly any . My husband who usually really enjoys these types of movies commented that the movie needed some more action . I was so bored & confused . The talk was boring & different . When people got hurt or died I did n't even know who the person was because you did n't get a chance to see & even when they would mention a name I 'd already heard so many names that I just forgot who was who . I did n't laugh one time in this movie & I felt like the movie ended with so many questions still unanswered . I do n't know if it was left open for a part 2 but I just did n't get the ending . In my opinion the movie could 've been so much better & I do n't really recommend it to anybody unless they are really into the ship battles in history .
 what a lopsided battle at the end . The master and commander himself , charging lead through a barrage of longbarreled shooters is able to stab and hack through all the Gauls with swords themselves - and kill every one of them ! no backstabs since the little kids are handling the others with their sidearms and scabbards . Yep the english boys cant miss!the final score is britain - 20 dead france 100000000 dead . Well thats about all i noticed of the movie since the other two hours of it I was kinda zoned out due to noninterest .
 As notes in a previous review , why would you spend premium dollars for a 1-Disc stripped down release when the Widescreen Collector 's Edition is still available . Does Fox think the general public will just buy it because it is on Blu-Ray ? Shame on you Fox!Save your money , but if you like the movie as much as I did , buy the Widescreen Collector 's Edition .
 The movie has no more plot than a cat and mouse sequence that never ends . In the parts where I wished the movie would slow down , it went too fast . In the parts where I wished the movie would speed up , it went too slow.If you 're looking for an intellectually stimulating film , steer clear of Master and Commander . It 's a cat and mouse chase that lacks creativity . I thought the chase scenes in the Matrix were long , but compared to Master and Commander , Matrix 's sequences are short and deep . Master and Commander is only a thriller , there is nothing epic about it .
 This movie got out of the gate rather quickly which I was very happy about . It 's important for a film to grab the viewer or at least set a few things up to spark interest . The first 20 minutes did just that . BUT ... . the next 1 hour plus just dragged and dragged with nothing happening of any importance and this is where the movie spun its wheels really badly . It wasnt sure what to do with itself and just plodded along with some meaningless side-stories and situations . I started yawning at one point just hoping that the early excitement came out again . It barely did . One interesting but too short battle sequence late and then it just fizzled off and was over.Russell Crow 's character was pretty cool but I was n't rooting for the guy or anything . Most of the other shipmen were throw aways ... . noone stood out or made anything of themselves . Too bad.The battle scenes and camera work were solid and the sound of the cannons was awesome . But , there was not enough action and too much dilly-dallyin ' around . Ultimately , this movie is boring and will help you sleep if you 're having trouble . The good reviews here at Amazon must be coming from large boat owners/hobbyists or ex-navy members because the general public will be squirming in their seat waiting for it to be over.The movie is 2 hours and 18 minutes long and about a half hour of it actually has anything happening . The rest is blah.NOT recommended !
 even at a discounted price of 28 dollars - it feels like an enormous jip by Fox to assume blu-ray buyers would fork out that much for SO LITTLE - for the film ... fine ... but for so few supplements - that 's highway robbery . Shame on you Fox , shame ! ` Predator ' was mentioned , but ` Commando ' was omitted as being another lame attempt by Fox , ` Master and Commander ' continues the trend .
 About as much fun as playing with your toy boats in the bathtub . These 19th Century British military seamen seem better suited for Never-Never Land and a bottle of rum , given their ridiculous offensive war strategies of disguising the ship and building dummy ships to fool the enemy . I 've had better ideas in ` Stratego ' . There 's a flogging , a tormented officer , an amputation , sentimental characters getting killed , and a good-hearted commander who will stop at nothing to destroy his Napoleonic archenemy . The only thing missing is a great white whale to smash the whole thing to smithereens . Given the current state of seafaring movies , if this were a ride at Disneyland , it would be the safe , innocuous Dumbo elephant ride .
 As a long-time fan of both O'Brian and Forester , I looked forward very eagerly to this movie . On seeing it , I certainly enjoyed the connection to the characters from O'Brian , but waited to write this review . Now having watched the DVD a couple of times , I know what bothers me about the movie
 My husband and I bought this and eagerly sat down to enjoy it . We found the noise level in the movie coupled with the heavy British accents made it impossible to understand what they were saying . We are not old or hard of hearing , either ! This definitely detracted from our enjoyment to the point that we were glad when it finally ended . The cinematography is exceptional . The story was hard to follow -LRB- mostly because we could n't understand the dialog -RRB- . If there had been subtitles it would have helped ! Maybe we are the only people reviewing this who had this problem , but I am reporting honestly our reaction .
 I was hoping to sea an epic , sea adventure with loads of realistic violence . Instead , I got A freakin ' 2 and a half hour long boring movie . The only action was at the beginning , and the end . The movie is a failed effort . WARNING
 I 've never read any of the Weir novels which this movie is purportedly written around . My wife was actually the one who wanted to see this , she says largely because of the its great reviews . I think it had more to do with the birds -LRB- Crowes in particular -RRB- . That said , she agreed to leaving about an hour and a half into the film because it just was n't working for us.The film begins , and I assume ends , on a boat . I 'm not sure anyone ever steps foot on dry land . Sure , there is action , suspense , the guy everyone is rooting for but whom you 're sure will get killed somewhere along the way , but somewhere along the line they forget to `` insert plot here . `` The problem with the movie is that the lulls between action scenes are terribly long . And the `` Master and Commander '' as played by Russell Crowe is supposed to be some hotshot military tactician , but even I raised an eyebrow when , in the middle of a fogbank while looking for the enemy ship , he 's ringing bells on his boat . I mean seriously . The last thing you do on open water is make noise if you 're trying to hide . There were several scenes like this . Another is where the `` phantom '' enemy ship sneaks up on Crowe 's crew yet again and Crowe is incredulous . My thoughts , `` Well Russell my boy , every time you and your crew are below deck getting drunk , the phantom captain hits you out of the blue . `` So either the books are poorly written , or I 'm way more knowledgeable about military tactics than I think I am , or sea captains were just stupid . Either way , the film was a terrible bore with no discernible plot other than chasing down another boat . That 's it . Enjoy !
 Okay , now , in all fairness to this movie , I did n't watch the entire thing . I could n't . I sat through the first four hours , and it was slow and tedious . I did n't care about any of the characters , and there was no action or plot whatsoever . Five or six hours in , a pseudo-interesting thing happened . That kept me watching for a while longer . But hour ten , I gave up . I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen ; and I 'd grown to loathe all of the characters . I 'd also grown a beard . It was looong.-Steve -LSB- ... -RSB- And do n't say that this review was n't helpful . I dared to say what no one else would
 When this film was at cinema , I almost went to see it , because all of the critics said it was so good . Great I did n`t go . I would have wanted my money back . It is very boring , has no plot at all , a ship following another ship , ALL of the film . With a sort of `` entertaining '' battle at the beginning and a very boring and with a `` pro-war '' message at the end , which is the worst of the film . There is a semi-battle in the middle . There is no development of the characters , just in a superficial way . Quite impossible to be fond of a character of the film . Except , maybe , of the doctor , and not that much neither.I am very surprised to see how many people here have reviewed well this film . Ca n`t see how . It is n`t even entertaining . Still more surprising is that this film was made by the director Peter Weir , who directed before the good films The Truman Show and Dead Poets Society . Really , do n't waste your money and time.If you want to see a war film , see a film called The Boat in its english title , though it is called the submarine in german , it seems to me . It is about submarines and ships . Or The thin red Line . They are very good , and have n`t the pro-war message this one has.Two stars because it may not be the worst film I have seen .
 I thought this movie was a piece of crap - the visuals were OK - but the story was dragging and boring as hell . You should definatly rent it not buy it so you can spit on the CD before you return it . - ruggedthug.com
 Wow ! Am I ever happy I did not spend 10 bucks to see this in the theater . It is possibly the most boring movie I have ever seen . Granted , I am not particularly interested in this genre , but even my boyfriend , who was all hyped up to see this , was bored senseless .
 This DVD was damaged and I was not able to view it . It was returned and picked up on 1.4.10 and I have not yet received a credit for it . Please let me know how to proceed and receive my credit so I can purchse another DVD . I was very excited about viewing it and would still like the opty to do so . Thank you .
 I ordered this BluRay from Germany , but unfortunately it wo n't work n my BD Player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- because it proteced with a stupid region Code.Now what sense does it make to protect BluRays that are also available in Europe and partially older releases?Well , be advised european customers , DO NOT buy this BD unless your player can handle it -LRB- there is only very few -RRB- ...
 CThe biggest problem with this movie is `` Crowe '' he can not act ! The story is a little far fetched and not believable .
 This movie is an insult to the author and the casting stinks ... a hobbit for Coxswain , just WRONG ! Either do the series , or do n't ... do n't mash several books together and ruin it all .
 The novels written by Frank Tilsley and Frederick Marryat are much better . They are more realistic and have more substance . The novel written by Frank Tilsley was turned into a movie and Frederick marryat 's should be .
 Sorry fellas I got ta keep it real . This film is so incredibly boring it almost put me to sleep . -LRB- Like a sweet rocka bye-baby melody -RRB- Theres like zero action and like 2 scene changes , the ship and the little rock island . The one battle scene is a joke too . This is just a horrible attempt . I even had a hard time understanding the dialog . My mistake is that I bought it before I watched it , I wanted to like this movie so bad and I had high expectations for it . Thank God I was able to unload my copy for 6 bucks , I just wish I could have the time I wasted watching it back . I 'd give it a quarter of a star if I could . Horrible ! Too much talking and playing violins -LRB- Hee Haw !!! -RRB- This one sucks bad ... Real Bad !!
 my husband got himself all set up for a peaceful aftenoon viewing , this was short lived as DVD announced could only be played in ` A ' zone .
 I walked out of this film with nothing , no sense of exhilaration -LRB- like one gets with good action sequences -RRB- , no warmth , as with a great story that you just learned about , there were some good visuals , and the audio was strong -LRB- you felt a chill from the rain and wind from THX -RRB- - but that was by far the highlight.I laugh when I read the reviews from Big Name reviewers that say such great things about this film . I guess politics in Film reviewing is no different than any other politics - people will say what they need to when the perks / or $ is good enough . -LRB- Hell , if our President is doing it - why should n't a movie reviewer -RRB- .
 I rented this movie for my son . What a snoooooze fest . There was no theme , no plot . Just sailing about . There were no characters to root for , no story to follow . I ended up picking up a book . The battle did n't make sence because they never addressed the issue of why ? Then the battle was over as was the movie and I was left with ... WHY ??? The only mildy interesting thing was that the young officers were school aged boys without hope of sprouting facial hair anytime soon . That one of these boys underwent a dramatic and maiming event and walked away ... was the only riviting tale . It would have been interesting had they addressed the issue of why such young boys were sent to sea ... as they were obviously blue-blooded chaps . This sub plot was too short and vastly unexplored though.If you want a good tale of the sea ... try Finding Nemo , it is superior in everyway .
 I thought this movie was going to be like the video game `` Grand Theft Auto '' , boy was i wrong . Its not a horrible movie or anything but i was expecting alot of blood and violance and it turned out to be a Ron Howard Movie .
 this movie is called grand theft auto , but it nothing like the game . where all the tanks , flame-thrwers etc , u thought this wood be like the game but it iznt . why do n't playatation make movies like their games , not stuff lik diz . playstation make better grand theft movie like my favoriate game !
 It was my fault for not reading the small print , but the tape sent is not about Prostate Cancer . The detail of all the used copies on 6/18/03 of this item states that the tape is about prostate cancer but with a different title , Enlarged Prostate . An enlarged prostate -LRB- BHP -RRB- is a non-cancerous condition and the discussion has little to do with prostate cancer . For a man with prostate cancer this tape is not at all helpful . The person selling these tapes either does not understand the difference between an enlarged prostate and prostate cancer or is misleading us too .
 The plot sounded intriguing but the acting and actual story line were just so-so . I have placed this one on the shelf and very likely will never watch it again unless absolutely bored to tears .
 I thought this movie was pretty good.Vincent Price was great as usual and Agnes Moorehead gave a good performance as well.The reason I gave this movie 1 star is that the dvd transfer is bad.It 's so bad that you can hardly enjoy the movie because your attention is on the bad picture quality of this dvd.I do not recommend this dvd.I just ordered another copy of this movie from amazon.It 's from a different distributer -LRB- Anchor Bay Entertainment -RRB- . It 's more expensive but I figured I 'd give it a shot .
 This disc is very poorly produced , besides the fact it was duped from a VHS copy , it even had the right side cropped . The picture quality is obviously low , and there is no additional features on the disc , just play movie and 4 sections -LRB- button -RRB- for the movie index . Give me a copy of the movie on VHS and I could do better on my computer ! There are only 2 version of the same movie on DVD currently available on Amazon . Now you know this one sucks , you can give the other one -LRB- released by Anchor Bay Entertainment -RRB- a try . PS . Their -LRB- Aplpha Video -RRB- version of the Charade is piss poor as well .
 This movie is all over the place . It starts out as just your typical sex movie , and the humor is so crude that even Howard Stern would say it 's going too far . If you think any joke in this movie is funny , you 'll also notice that it 's the kind of joke that you would n't dare repeat to anyone.From what I could figure out about the plot , a group of bachelor friends make a bet with a large amount of money -LRB- I do n't remember or care exactly how much -RRB- , which will be given to the last bachelor standing . At one point , there are two bachelors left
 I seriously did not laugh once in this movie . Horatio Sanz got me to crack a smile a couple times , but I ca n't believe I think he should have been in the movie more . I thought Saturday Night Live was bad , I had no idea ! SNL is gold compared to this . Every single joke falls flat and the director obviously has no clue how to make a movie . I ca n't even tell if Jerry O'Connel and Jake Busey are bad actors because the director does n't even give them a chance . I think one thing that could have really helped this movie out would have been a script . In case the director reads this review I want to tell him you need to have a script BEFORE shooting a film . Just a tip.One of the worst movies I have ever seen , easily .0 / 5
 Who gave the greenlight for this movie ? Who ? Why ? HOW ? What were they smoking/drinking/thinking ? Did the studio exec who read this script laugh ? If so , I want to know where , because nothing that made it to the screen suggests that TOMCATS was a funny idea to begin with.Sick . Rude . Offensive . Degrading . All these words are irrelevant in raunchy comedy if only it was funny . And I 'm here to tell you people , as an uncultured teenage male of the American Pie generation , that TOMCATS is supremely UNFUNNY . This makes Jake Busey 's performance in STARSHIP TROOPERS look like Best Supporting Actor material.TOMCATS and FREDDY GOT FINGERED together in the same season is a one-two punch , a serious blow to the defense of the American Film Industry . Ever wonder why the French hate us ? THIS is why . This is a comedy , and thus exempt from the `` so bad it 's good '' category . But it fits nicely into the `` So bad and unfunny it should burned . '' And I liked PEARL HARBOR.I 'm not just a radical reviewing panning this movie for fun . I watch a lot of movies and I think I 'm pretty levelheaded when I say something about a movie .
 This movie fails in every possible way a comedy can : The characters are so repellent and unfunny that you do n't care what happens to them.The story barely exists after 20 minutes.The `` gags '' are torturously lame , especially the scene involving a hospital cafeteria and David Ogden Stiers.Growing up in the 80 's , we sat through a lot of horrible comedies aimed at the all-important teen male audience only to hear , `` Well , that sucked but at least we got to see -LRB- hot actress name here -RRB- naked . `` TOMCATS does n't even deliver on that.What 's the point ?
 Where to start ? It 's a comedy , yet it 's not funny . It 's a movie , yet there 's no acting in it -LRB- at least none that could be called that -RRB- . Jokes are at a junior high level , if that . Director must 've slept through most of the production . But absolutely the worst part are these so called actors , I really wish somebody would explain to them that they are badly in need of another profession.Oh , and I almost forgot , the plot is so predictable that the whole movie is obvious about 5-10 minutes into it.Yes , the lead female role is played by a very beatiful non-actress . That perhaps is it 's only redeaming feature.Bottom line
 No redeeming qualities whatsoever . There are only about a million movies you could buy/rent instead .
 This is absolutely one of the worst movies I 've seen , in a long , long time . Not horrible in a enjoyable way , see , but horrible in such a way if I ever see Jerry O'Connell I will ask for my money back.Let 's see . . Jerry O'Connell has only about two facial expressions to work with , the Busey kid creeps me out beyond belief , -LRB- hey , just like Dad !! -RRB- Shannon Elisabeth is totally wasted and the gags are not funny , especially the long drawn out bit with the discarded testicle . Stay far away from this . Jerry O'Connell ruins every movie he 's in . Julia Schultz is wasted as well !! If you see it at a video store and accidentally pick it up , put it down quick , and wash your hands !!!
 The only people who would enjoy this are the people that think MTV 's Jackass is High Art . Hollywood needs to stop making such arrogant , machismo , sexist and homophobic movies . It 's appaling the way Hollywood portrays the way women should be treated . At first I felt sorry for the women in this picture , but then I realized : A :-RRB- Each one is a terrible actressB :-RRB- The only thing they have going for them is looksC :-RRB- They 're getting paid more than meD :-RRB- They 're degrading themselves on their own accord , so they deserve to get treated the way they do in Tomcats.Oh and by the way , for everyone out there who wants to see female nudity in this film , you 'll see more male flesh . Hope that does n't gross all of you so called `` men '' out .
 Now what was this movie about ? A group of guys vow to never get married and the last man standing wins money ? That 's pathetic . This movie is degrading towards women and I was outraged . Shannon Elizabeth should 've known better . Her best role was in `` American Pie . '' Enough said . Utterly terrible . One part I remember in this movie was when a mental patient ate a ball .
 Horrendous ! Absolutely horrendous ! Jerry O'Connell should consider a new line of work .
 oh my god whez iz saw her in americazn pie i thoiught she waz da bomb ! i mean cmon just look at her ! i only saw this movie for her and i 'm not to glad i did . besides the fact thz she jsust perfect in itz , and should getz abn oscar nomination for thiz film , the reszt isz bad . not very funny pretty disgusting thoiugh . itz made me puke ! great job shannon ... !
 This review is intended for the DVD release of TomCats . My main purpose here is to review the DVD release , including its quality , features and layout . I 'll start with the Movie , then move on to the DVD itself.Synopsis : TomCats is a rather off-color movie that more than easily earns its R rating . It 's a sexual comedy , revolving around a bet a number of unmarried men make as to which one of them will be the last to remain single . The bet winds up with two men still standing . One of them , -LRB- Jerry O'Connell -RRB- gets himself into debt with a bookie who threatens severe violence if the debt is n't settled . The pot on the bet is his only way to save himself from the debt-collector . What results is a wild rather immature attempt to get the other guy -LRB- an unabashed single lady 's man -RRB- married.Review : The whole movie is rather juvenile . The humor is often based on pratfalls and sexual sight jokes , and occasionally moves into the sick and nauseating . Case in point , in the middle of the movie there is a sequence where the other single male has a cancerous testicle amputated . It gets dropped onto the floor and a five minute chase of it through the hospital ensues , ending with someone in the hospital cafeteria accidentally eating it . The sequence is just plain gross.As one can guess , this movie was way below my sense of good taste . Of course , I watched it anyway . Shannon Elisabeth is in it . I could n't help myself . : -RRB- Still , I would n't buy it . It 's a mediocre comedy and I do n't like to gag when I 'm watching movies.Now for the DVD . First off , The movie is offered in Widescreen and pan 'n' scan . It is also offered in two languages , English and French . Since this is the American release of this movie , would n't Spanish be a better additional language than French?The special features are scanty , including only a few theatrical trailers and a filmography.Overall , this DVD release is nothing special . There 's no special treats for DVD buyers except for the choice of pan 'n' scan or widescreen . The movie itself is unforgettable , simply for several of its disgusting sequences . Some might like it , but I 'd give it a pass .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . It is lowest common denominator movie-making at its worst . It makes American Pie look like Shakespeare . Unless you have the IQ and emotional maturity of a 9 year old , avoid this drivel .
 I can '' t believe two things . First , what was I thinking when I rented this piece of garbage , and second , how did this movie ever get made ? I 'm not going to waste any more time with this critique . Worst movie I 've seen to date .
 Ok , I 'm going to hypnotize you ... repeat after me
 Not worth owning but fine for rental . Basic plot idea was good but director seemed clueless as how to bring it to the screen . The two main characters are scheming together then without any bridge they are madley in love in less than two days . It gets dumber and dumber as time goes on . You get the feeling that if the director had a clue it migh have actually been pretty good . The story is just all over the place .
 You can always look beyond low budget production values -LRB- e.g
 i have been collecting gay related films for years and have watched some bad movies from beginning to end . but this was a truly painful experience , the worst gay movie i have ever watched
 This video is very slow and certainly not fat-burning . The instructor is the most annoying I 've ever found in an exercise video . I am not a yoga expert but an intermediate and found this too easy and not motivating at all . Do n't waste your money .
 This is not a `` fat burning '' yoga session . If you want a strenuous , Ashtanga workout , try Bryan Kest . If you want a contemplative , relaxing session , try Crunch `` Candlelight Yoga '' . Skip this one . I actually became bored and angry watching this dud .
 I have been practicing yoga for about two months and thought this tape would offer me a portable workout . I am not at all advanced , but this tape still offered no challenge or burn for me . I suppose it is ok for those just starting , or perhaps those with a low starting fitness level , but if you exercise regularly , this is not the tape for you . On the plus side , the poses were explained well , by an instructor who seemed to know her stuff .
 I would not call myself an advanced practitioner of yoga but I have been practising for a few years.I was really hoping that this tape would be a more rigorous workout than it was.Although the instructor was very clear and easy to follow , i really wished that there were more sequences and that the class would move a little bit faster.I would recommend this tape more for yoga novices and not for intermediate practitioners who are looking for a more challenging workout .
 I found this yoga workout to be great for stretching out the muscles and is a great option for a day I 'm not really into working out . But , I definitely do not think it 's `` fat burning '' as touted . It did work some muscles I did n't know I had , but I think that there are much better options in Karen Voight 's collection .
 Though not a bad workout for beginners , I expected much more from a routine touted as ` fat-burning . ' The moves are very basic , and there 's very little flow - the whole quiet peacefulness of yoga -LRB- which is it 's real power -RRB- is lost in the too-quick movements . It seems as if what the instructor lacks in difficulty she tries to make up in speed.And let 's talk about the instructor , shall we ? She seems knowledgeable , but her weird vocal lilt and incessant giggling is just downright irritating . Her instructions are relatively good , but the moves are so basic that should n't be too difficult . I 'd recommend the Buns of Steel Power Yoga if you 're looking for a good yoga workout , or any from the Bryan Kest series .
 I 'm no yoga beginner , I 've been doing it for a few years , and Crunch 's first yoga tape -LRB- The Joy of Yoga -RRB- is still one of my favorites , I love the style and the instructor -LRB- who also does this video too -RRB- . This tape is only recommended for those who are advanced in their yoga practice or just naturally very flexible . I did make it through the whole tape , but I was miserable for the next two days , my back and hips were killing me . This is probably a good tape for the advanced , but if you 're a beginner , leave this one alone , there are better ones to start with that will help you to stick with yoga .
 I was really looking forward to using this video , but once I got it I was disappointed . The video does n't offer much of a workout , and I found the host to be annoying . At the end of the video viewers are taken through a series of sit-ups , which are good for the abs , but not at all yogic.For anyone looking for a good yoga video , I would recommend the MTV Yoga tape . The host is great and it moves at a faster pace , offering a better workout in my opinion .
 I own nearly 20 yoga tapes -- and use them , nearly every day . This is my second Crunch yoga video and both of them are terrible , but this one is particularly bad . I am not one of those `` deep '' yogis -- I do it for exercise , mainly , and not really for the breathing and meditation aspects -- but this is the most un-yoga-like video imaginable . It treats yoga like an aerobics class . That aside , the workout itself is very lame and has no flow to it , the sequence of poses is awkward , and by the time a vinyasa has finally been pieced together , the tape has ended . The only fat this tape could possibly burn is from your wallet .
 There is not a moment in the tape when the instructor is not yapping . She describes the simplest moves in the most minute detail and it just is n't necessary . Once you see the tape a single time , 90 % of her instruciton is not only unnecessary but down right annoying - impossible to enjoy the contemplative flow of the yoga practice .
 This video was a waste of money . The title , Fat Burning Yoga , was misleading . I thought that i would get my heart rate up , but no that did n't happen . Fine , if you 've never done yoga before , you might get some benefit out of this video . But , if you 've previously done yoga at all , this video is junk . I 'd definitely recommend Rodney Yee 's videos . They are easy to follow and enjoyable .
 the title is misleading , there is no way i could get my heart rate up with this video to burn fat , no way ... i 'd rather do a Leisa Hart MBC Yoga video to stretch and tone than to do this .
 I think there are two major problems with this tape . First , in no way it is suitable for beginners . Instructor cues for breathing are inconsistent , about 50 % of the time there is no cueing at all . Her cues for poses are very poor , she mostly mentions if the pose is hard to do or not . You can not follow her without looking at your TV screen , and if you do not know which muscles to flex or stretch , 50 % of the time she is not going to tell you . The program does contain two levels , for more and less flexible . Yet , transition from one pose to another is so quick that you can barely get your balance . Try Jane Fonda Yoga instead , or -LRB- and -RRB- Kundahlini yoga .
 This tape was very easy and certainly did not burn any fat . In addition , the yoga style was far too `` trendy gym '' and was n't real yoga at all . Do not recommend .
 I thought this would be doable since it is for burning fat . I am trying to lose weight but could n't even get through the tape because my body did n't bend the way hers -LRB- a skinny person -RRB- did . Their is no reason to have a size 2 woman teaching difficult yoga positions to fat people .
 I was a little disappointed in this yoga tape . I had never taken a yoga class before and was surprised by how easy the tape was for me to do . This tape might be good for someone that 's not in good shape what-so-ever but if you 're in any kind of shape at all , this tape is not for you . It was kind of disappointing even for a beginner yoga enthusiast like myself .
 i 've been doing power yoga for about 5 months now and i thought this video who do as it says . . fat burn ! however , the yoga routine seemed very slow paced and a little bit lame . i recommend this video to those who are just starting yoga , but otherwise try the bryan kest videos !
 I found this yoga workout to be great option for a day I 'm not motivated for a tough workout . But , I definitely do not think it 's `` fat burning '' as touted . It did work some muscles I did n't know I had , but I think that there are much better options in Karen Voight 's collection .
 This was my first Gunnar Peterson DVD purchase , and I was very disappointed . The first thing I noticed was how terrible Gunnar 's cueing was ... he gave little to no instruction at all -LRB- especially on form and technique -RRB- , so if you are completely new to working on the ball you may feel very intimidated and lost at times . The second annoyance was the fact that the exercises were not timed to the workout music . None of Gunnar 's workout participants were doing the exercises at the same time because there were no solid verbal cues and no music count to work to . Lastly , the exercises were beginner level at best . I have been working my core for several years now , and I literally only fatigued on one set of exercises out of the entire 20 plus minutes . I had to change all of the exercises while performing this DVD just to make it worth my while . I would n't encourage anyone to purchase this DVD .
 One day on her way to school , British plant manager , Tom Lindsay 's -LRB- James Fox -RRB- , beloved daughter , Rachel , disappears without a trace , never to be seen again.He is distraught , holding on to hope long past the time his wife has resigned herself to the loss of their daughter . Lindsay joins a support group for parents whose children have disappeared , where he meets another obsessed parent , played by Jane Asher.They follow leads for locating missing children that take them to London 's seamy underworld where thousands of runaways have built up their own subculture.Tom Lindsay if finally able to locate his daughter Rachel , but for some strange reason , she refuses to go back home with him or tell him why she left home in the fist place.Thrown in as a side plot , Fox and Asher 's characters budding friendship results in a brief affair after Lindsey finds his daughter.Tom Lindsey meets with his daughter a few times , before deciding that he can , after all of this time and trouble , go back home to his suburban London home without her.So after all his years of searching and all of the agony he and his wife have gone throught , he mild mannerly lets Rachael walk off into the mist with no commitment from her to ever getting in touch with him again , and , he 's '' okay `` with that.Stop frame , bring up the music.Well , I do n't know which one needs a good hard talking to more , Rachael or her father!She 's so selfish and self-centered , she 's not at all concerned about all the pain she 's caused her famliy . Rachel would rather stay in slummy boarding house in London , distributing leaflets for some obscure organization doing what she call 's her `` work '' . And her boneheaded father after all he 's gone through , just lets her walk away without explanation or justification.This film deals with a very serious issue , runaway children , in a very cavalier manner and in the end this film leaves the viewer emotionally flat and disappointed .
 i love crunch fitness , when they were on ESPN2 I taped them and still workout to those . When i got this DVD i was bitterly dissapointed . There are movements in this viedo that should not be atempted by anyone with weights . -LRB- ie standing on one leg , kicking out and doing a shoulder press all at the same time -RRB- . also the flow of the movements was not well coordinated . It was choppy and the putting of the weights up and down was just too much . Her cueing could be better .
 I bought this video because after reading all the reviews on this tape , I thought it would be challenging and give me a great workout . I was disappointed because it is mostly a low-impact weights workout and by the end of half an hour , I had barely broken a sweat . Afterwards , I popped in my `` The Method
 I 'm a mom of three . My youngest are twin daughters age three . I 've been carrying about twenty pounds extra fat weight and have been having a hard time with other videos trimming down my hips and removing the bumpy fat down my legs , etc. . I have been using this video for awhile now and WOW ! I look great !!!!! I have lost all the weight and I feel all muscle , and is it ever a great feeling . I actually have a six pack now and no other video has been able to produce such amazing results , because believe me I 've tried others combined with a healthy eating plan and this one really works ! I recommend this video/DVD to anyone who really wants to feel that muscle tone . This video combines cardio with toning in perfect harmony . Cut down on the carbs and fat and calories combined with this workout and you 're on your way to the body you 've always wanted . I 'm living proof it works !!! Sincerely , Reva -LRB- Ontario , Canada -RRB-
 I am so upset right now . I just got this video today and TRIED to do it , but Miss Zaki changes up her moves way too fast for me . I hate wasting my money , especially since I did research trying to find a good cardio video I might like . If you 're a professional dancer and have a lot of room to move , then buy it . If not , you know what to do now thanks to me . A good video that has simple moves and works out all of your body is Victoria Johnson 's H.A.B.I.T. . The video is made in the early 90 's , but it 's easy to follow and burns caleries .
 I was not even sweating at the end of this workout - I found the moves to be out of synch - they did not flow easily from one to another - I was a dancer and fitness instructor for years and I found these moves very uncoordinated . The weights were picked up and put down too many times during the workout also , detracting from any consistent and steady fat-burning cardio session . Try Denise Austin 's cardio-kickboxing workout - you can use light weights with this too for an even better workout .
 Im sorry folks !! I bought this video based on other reviews , about how good it is.I admit she packs a lot of moves into the workout for a half an hour video , but what is with the balancing act with weights ? , if I wanted to become a trapeze artist I would have joined the circus . I HATE this video , reach for it the least and I am just about ready to slam dunk it into the bin , but might twist my ankle doing it -LRB- the video -RRB- .
 I bought this tape because I have several other crunch videos and enjoy them . But this one just didnt live up to what I had come to expect from them.Its a very short tape and I knew that buying it , but compared to `` Bootcamp '' this just doesnt pack the same punch . The cardio segments arent energizing enough and the weight segments are pretty light as well.If your looking for a short workout that has a cardio/sculpt mix and that will make you sweat get `` Bootcamp '' its a great video . Ive had it for almost a year and still reach for it about once a week as filler for more workouts .
 I was very disappointed with this being my 6th Crunch video . The camera cuts away at key moments . It skips around from person to person during some of the steps so that it takes several views of the video to get some of the moves -LRB- which once learned are fairly easy -RRB- down .
 I read reviews from other people on the stuff they sell on Amazon , but wanted to give it a shot.I mean come on man ! Gim me a break . Agree that the camera , clarity & quality of the DVD was good . But Peach needs to bitch-slapped back to where the belong , making freaking documentaries !! Totally uninteresting video of some women dancing . I fast fwd-ed the DVD and was done in less than 4 mins . That 's it , I 'm not watching this crap anymore ... DO NOT BUY such DVD 's on Amazon unless you believe is sadomasochism & want to punish yourself for spending money !
 ZERO stars actually-it 's not worth ONE star !!! I dont really know what to say about this movie , exceptits very boring -- about 2 newlyweds who purchase a housethat the previous owners commited suicide in -- now theirsouls have possessed the house for the newlyweds to live in ... SPOILERSLamps move by themselves , record moves by itself , stoveturns on on it 's own , guy gets saur krout pulled from hischest -LRB- were supposed to think it 's the man 's intestines beingpulled out -RRB- -- I wasnt scared of this , I didnt laugh - just when an axedecapitates a very obvious mannequin -LRB- supposed to be a lady -RRB- -- This rental is worth 50 cents -- I just shut it off and took it back , good one to make fun of , and to nitpick on all thefakeness throughout !!!!
 I know I 'm just as guilty , and believe me I paid for it a long time ago ; well 18 years ago is more like it . What I 'm talking about is the fact that a poor girl was the victim of a creul joke . I know what all you guys are thinking
 I ordered this item but instead I gotSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series ... which is an item I already own!CHECK THE PRODUCT DETAILS . They are identical toSonic The Hedgehog - The Complete Series !!! DO NOT ORDER UNTIL THE PROBLEM IS FIXED
 when I had recived the 2nd volume one of the 4 disk was missing , I want a new one that has all of the disk . when I had orded Volume one I got all 4 disk . why was a disk of volume 2 missing ????? I hope something is indeded to be done about this .
 This Box set is a rippoff . It has only the first season , which was n't one of the best ones , all of the other seasons are the good ones . I got the complete series of this show on one box set on ebay . It is a region 2 DVD set but that problem can esely be fixed . I highly recomend that set to all you people wanting to see this series .
 Why Two Stars?Two Stars for Shout ! Factory for bringing these old shows back on DVD which is great ... HOWEVER ... I have already wrote a review about this issue in Zelda Compete DVD . I was talking about a bit about Shout ! Factory and how they refuse put Subtitles in any of their DVD products!I ll list some of them : Captain Nes VideogameZelda competeMario Bros Show Vol 1 2 3Sonic Satam and Adventures of Sonic the hedgehogAnd many more ... All of them were made by Shout ! Factory And All of them DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY SUBTITLE OR CLOSED CAPTIONED EVEN THOUGH THEY USED TO AIR ON THE TV LONG TIME AGO AND ON THE TV IT DID HAVE CLOSED CAPTIONED BY THEN.That is very disappointing I ca n't even buy any of Shout ! Factory DVD just because of their lack of Subtitles and/or Closed Captioned . I do really want buy this ! But I ca n't . Since there is no Subtitles or Closed Captioned option for this . I still have few of my old VHS with Satam in it . It does have Closed Captioned . And I used to have about 10 VHS tapes of Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog you know what I regret the most ? I wish I did n't throw those 10 VHS tapes out . Because those 10 tapes did have Closed Captioned ! I could understand what they were saying . It 's really too bad , that I could never see this old show again since the Shout ! Factory do n't seem want to bother putting up the Subtitles or Closed Caption for us Deaf people . I even wrote them email once , I have never gotten any reply ! Just how great Shout ! Factory really is?In the end , Shout ! Factory , have let me down .
 For those of you who do n't know , there have thus far been no less than four Sonic the Hedgehog cartoons
 My son loves Thomas . He can operate the DVD player just fine . However , on these Thomas DVDs , there are 2-3 minutes of advertizing -LRB- Spam -RRB- for other DVDs before you can get to see the content . They ca n't be skipped although some players let you fast forward through them . This totally sucks . It 's hard to explain to a small child that he 'll have to wait . Although cheap for 3 dvds -LRB- ~ $ 25 at the time of writing -RRB- , since this set only contains about 30 minutes of `` actual content '' on each disc , I find that I have paid in full and should n't be forced to sit through the spam . Again , the content is fine - it 's just unbelievably rude that they do n't let you skip the ads .
 I 'm sad ! My grandson loves Thomas and when these DVD 's arrived , the cases were all cracked and 1 of the disc 's kept freezing ! Needless to say , I wo n't be buying anything from this seller ever again !
 It took me a while to finally decide to purchase this piece of junk DVD . Only then I purchased it because the cost went down to almost what it 's actually worth , and because you ca n't rent it on Netflix . Now , I wan na kick myself further because the cost is now even lower than what I paid -- $ 14 total -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Now I see it 's available used for about $ 10 if you include shipping . Probably I would recommend paying less than $ 10 and only then if you 're curious.If you 're buying this for reasons most of us do not buy it for , as a study of the early 70 's sexual revolution with a lot of figures , statistics , and historical comparisons thrown in , you 're probably getting more for your money than the majority , who are buying it for good adult film entertainment , with the nonsensical educational elements thrown into it for extra entertainment!Simply put , this video is just what you 'd expect it to be . Mediocre looking models appearing in sex scenes not more than 5 minutes in length , practically everyone in the movie looking like they spent years on heavy drugs . Perhaps the film 's only good scene is the one of the Doctor examining the nude girl on the table , but even that one is n't so good , because as stated before , the scene is only like 5 minutes long and is too over edited with very limited camera views.Buy is piece of junk if you 're curious , but I 'd recommend paying under $ 10.00 total . Do not be fooled by the picture on the box ! It 's a complete deception ! -LRB- As pictures on boxes usually are . -RRB- I wonder if anyone can recommend a film of this sort that actually does n't suck !!!
 Sorry , but my review title says it all . Video just not worth it , except for maybe the last 10 minutes .
 Love the DVD . I have bought some great hardcore stuff from Amazon in the past , but this one was the best . Thanks Amazon
 As someone who owns versions of `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' by Basil Rathbone , Peter Cushing , Ian Richardson and Jeremy Brett , I looked forward to seeing this version . I read some of the negative reviews of Matt Frewer 's performance but went ahead and bought the tape . I must say that the negative reviews were absolutely right - his performance is hard to watch it is so affected and bizarre . He seems so determined to be different for the sake of being different that he engages in all sorts of odd dramatic gestures and speaks in an accent that , well , I do n't know what type of accent it is ! That is not to say that an actor portraying Holmes can not bring his own insights to the role ; there have been plenty of subtle differences between the various Holmes interpretations over the years - Rathbone was perhaps the most cooly logical , Cushing the most arrogant , Richardson smiled more often and seemed happier than some Holmes fans would like , and the late great Jeremy Brett added a certain catlike alertness and a sense of drama that is so prevelent in the Conan Doyle stories . Perhaps Frewer was simply trying too hard to add his own distinctive interpretation to the role ; in any event , his slightly hysterical overacting did n't add anything meaningful in this reviewer 's mind . The interesting thing about `` Baskervilles '' is that Sherlock Holmes is absent much of the time , and the film was the most enjoyable when Frewer was offscreen . That said , the other actors are good and the film was nicely shot .
 This lousy retelling of Arthur Conan Doyle 's novel comes to us via Canadian TV and the people of Hallmark . This is , arguably , the worst version of the famous story yet - the early 70s version with Stewart Granger also vies for this distinction - but Matt Frewer 's Sherlock Holmes is undoubtedly the worst I 've seen . This no-talent show-off mistakes performance for acting . He prances about emphasizing random words and making grand gestures . The performance has so little merit that the arrogance and self-satisfaction on display clearly belong to the actor and not to Sherlock Holmes.The script does not help . Although it strives to make the dialogue and characters accessible to modern audiences , it does so at the cost of credibility . Modern lines and silly interchanges about whether to call a character `` Henry '' or `` Sir Henry '' do not at all evoke the Victorian era . The narrative and characters suffer as well . Subplots begin -LRB- but never reach conclusion -RRB- , Sir Henry is presented as a frontiersman -LRB- instead of the Canadian gentleman of the book -RRB- , and the escaped convict proves to be harmless -LRB- he has the brain of a child -RRB- . Believe me , not one of these changes improves upon the original.And do n't forget the budget limitations and lame slow motions sequences and bad cutting and ... The only person to emerge unscathed is Kenneth Welsch , who does a fine job as Dr. Watson . Maybe some day he will appear in an acceptable Sherlock Holmes production opposite a worthy Sherlock Holmes .
 Matt Frewer as Holmes ? I thought it a bit hard to believe when I first heard about this project , and after seeing him in the role , I am convinced that he is the worst Holmes of all time.It is almost painful to see his portrayal -- an accent that fluctuates all over the map , prone to odd gestures and movements , and wearing some outlandish clothing . It 's enough to make one squirm , and this viewer certainly did.His treatment of Watson is terrible . Kenneth Welsh tries valiantly to bring some life into this production , and his portrayal of Watson is good , but it 's just not enough to save the film.The production values are not the best -- it was filmed in and around Montreal , and it shows . Montreal does not look like Dartmoor , even after building the sets . The `` Hound '' is a German Shepherd , and not very frightening-looking at that.In all , a real disappointment . If you want a great version of the `` Hound , '' the best to date is the 1939 Rathbone/Bruce , made by Fox .
 I should have heeded the warnings of reviews on previous versions of this movie . Or maybe I just had too high of expectations for this compilation . Whatever the reason was , I felt a little `` let down '' when i finally viewed this DVD . I have been wanting to see one of these movies for about 15 years now since they started the tour . I was intrigued by the name `` sick and twisted animation '' Well maybe if I was still in my 20 's this may have been a bit more interesting . But as an `` official grown-up '' now it was n't . I do appreciate the effort put forth into the making of these shorts , but they were just sort of lackluster . One dog humping a stuuffed animal maybe fine , but this film featured 3 such shorts , which made me lose interest very fast . There were also a number of shorts about cats . If you like a guy named Bill Plympton , then maybe you will like this as several of the sketches are from him , otherwise I have to give this a big thuymbs down .
 The reason that this film lacks cohesion between the animation and live action , is that the creator did not create any of the animated segments . All of this film 's animated sequences are taken directly from Mamoru Oshii 's brilliant yet obscure film , Tenshi no Tamago -LRB- Angel 's Egg -RRB- , and justice is certainly not done to it . Many people -LRB- including myself -RRB- consider the original film to be Oshii 's best work , and it is without a doubt , a masterpiece . This film degrades it by cutting parts of it together with footage -LRB- live action -RRB- of a much lower standard.I advise anyone who finds this film interesting to track down `` Tenshi no Tamago '' . It is generally hard to find , but if you can get a hold of a copy -LRB- preferably an original widescreen DVD -RRB- it 's well worth it - Tenshi no Tamago is certainly a film worthy of a five star rating .
 This is a bad movie . Not a good bad movie . Just a bad one . No fun no nothing . Wasted cast and waste of my time .
 All the people on this page who have given this movie a positive review must be members of the directors family . This movie was terrible.I have wasted too long thinking about it already so I ca n't be more specific .
 This film is so dreadful that I had to write this immediately after viewing the film.One other reviewer has it right - cliched!A poor computer generated monster that 's barely seen anyway lives under the ground -LRB- like in Tremors -RRB- and has been feeding off people since it crashed to earth in the 1600s - in France.There 's nothing original in this . It 's boring for most of the time as we 're supposedly got to be in suspense as a mound of earth moves around as the monster chases after people - oddly not disturbing any trees at all as it does so.I think people can take heart that the French can make terrible low budget films just like everyone else.Avoid this . If you want something French stick with freedom fries
 I was so glad when on a whim one day I noticed that old Hammer horror titles previously released by Anchor Bay Entertainment appeared to be getting a re-release . Boy , was I wrong about that ! Do n't be fooled . DVD-R 's are no substitute for a real factory manufactured product . The pictures appear murky , bleeding and washed out even though its obviously a direct burn from a genuine Anchor Bay DVD . The sound drops in and out . I played each disc on 3 different players manufactured by 3 different companies . In all I wasted $ 20 dollars a piece on 3 of these pathetic knock offs . Originally when I purchased these titles there was NO mention of them being bootleg quality DVD-R 's . I do n't know who 's ingenious idea it was to propose such a gross misuse of wasted effort . Either shame on Anchor Bay or shame on Amazon for perpetuating such poor quality knock offs at such an absurd price . They even use the original Anchor Bay DVD 's cover art printed by a laser printer however most of the special features listed will not appear.I.E . - The Legend Of The 7 Golden Vampires does not include the U.S. cut of the film as mentioned.What a crime in itself either release the film correctly or do n't bother at all . What a tease . What a waste of my money and time.The movie had this been a genuine product released through Anchor Bay would 've received 5 stars.I threw my money away on : Dracula Prince Of DarknessFrankenstein Created WomanThe Legend Of The 7 Golden VampiresSave your money until somebody with half a brain decides to do the right things with the old deleted Hammer titles . I 'm still very dissatisfied with this scenario .
 I got this video after reading the various viewer responses and found it tedious . Britain has provided us with some terrific Sci-fi movies despite low budgets , but this one has all the tension of an uncooked sausage and generally looks pretty silly - the costumes are dated , the characters cliched , and the `` monster '' is too silly for words . I place this film right down there with the worst of American 50 's black lagoons !
 I could n't even get past the first half hour of this movie before turning it off ... deeply disapponted . It looks like bad 50 's American sci-fi , it 's hard to believe that this is a Hammer film . Buy this film if you like `` The day the Earth Stood Still '' or other cheese like that .
 The movie itself is great , but please be aware that this is NOT the original Anchor Bay edition of this dvd . I ordered this dvd , thinking that this rare dvd had finally been re-released by Anchor Bay , only to find out it 's only a DVD-R copy of the original . Amazon needs to be much clearer in their description of this dvd & let buyers know that it is not a factory pressed DVD . I 'm not sure how the licensing for such a DVD-R was worked out with Amazon & Anchor Bay -LRB- presumably it was or it would not be for sale on Amazon -RRB- but Amazon should not list it like the original Anchor Bay edition which is obviously still out of print and rare . I sent mine back for a refund since as a collector I want the real thing .
 I know I 'm just as guilty , and believe me I paid for it a long time ago ; well 18 years ago is more like it . What I 'm talking about is the fact that a poor girl was the victim of a creul joke . I know what all you guys are thinking
 Perhaps not the best example of British sci-fi from the 70 's set in 2003 on a European and American manned moonbase , this series debuted in 1973 approximately three years after Gerry Anderson 's `` UFO '' and aired one year before `` Space 1999 . '' Produced by `` Dr. Who '' Barry Letts and writer Terrance Dicks , one would expect great things form this talented team and a series with James Burke -LRB- `` Connections '' and `` The Day the Universe Changed -RRB- , as a technical advisor.Sadly , this is not the case with `` Moonbase 3 . '' Talky , pretentious , and dull , with laughable special effects along with flimsy sets , `` Moonbase 3 '' tries hard to realistically portray the daily life and hazards on the moon , yet manages to fall flat on its face most of the time . Some of the episodes like `` Outsiders '' and `` Castor and Pollux '' are tense and interesting dramas -- the former about a manic depressive scientist on the base who contemplates suicide , and the latter , about a nailbiting space rescue from a capsule.The minatures used on the series are no better than the average kit you can find at your local hobby store , and the characters protrayed by the actors seem to spend the majority of their time fighting among themselves rather than the elements that threaten their lives on the moonbase . Likewise , the actors portraying the American team are quite laughable with their forced and embarassing `` southern '' accents -LRB- Why do the British insist that every American must sound like a untalented and shoddy understudy of Big Daddy in `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof ? '' -RRB- Donald Houston is admirable as the commander of this troupe of generally unknown British actors -LRB- with the exception of Ralph Bates from the Hammer horror films -RRB- , with haircuts that seem more appropriate for a amateur production of Shakespeare 's `` Richard III . '' Notwithstanding the interesting premise that producer Gerry Anderson would turn into a short-lived and dubious success a year later with `` Space 1999 , '' `` Moonbase 3 '' is clearly an also ran in the annals of British sci-fi , appropriately regulated to the void of deep space .
 I bought these DvD 's because of one thing . My favorite wrestler of all time . THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR ! I got the first two ... Anthology 1 and 2 , so that it would cover the appropriate years for the UW . Well ... I open the box , and view the matches listed on the inside covers ... His matches are all listed ... Wrestlemania IV vs. Hercules ? Well ... some of his matches are not contained on these DVD 's even though it says right in the INSERT that they are . I believe this is a case of false advertisement . There are also alot of other things missing as well , but the Ultimate Warrior was the most important one to me . There are some other matches that are ok , like alot of the Hogan and Randy Savage matches vs. the likes of Andre the Giant and Ted Dibiase , but overall I think you better be careful ordering ... you may not get all that you think you are getting ...
 The fourth dvd tells u too flip it over and continue watching , the footage never showed up . It shows up as &#34; Disc Error . &#34;
 In my teen years , from 1986 to 1990 , I was a DIE HARD WWF fan . Got all the gear , went to six live events a year , saw WRESTLEMANIA 7 live , & put up with all the ridicule . I watched the live Pay-per-view tapings of WRESTLEMANIA 3-5 so many times , that my VHS tapes are fuzzy . So you can imagine my excitement when this set came out.WHY VINCE , WHY ?!!! WHY ALL THE FRICKIN EDITING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What 's Hillbilly Jim 's entrance without `` Do n't go messin with a Country Boy '' , and why edit out Ricky `` the Dragon '' Steamboat 's spine tingling entrance music , or especially DEMOLITION 'S theme -LRB- `` Here comes the ax , and here comes the Smasher ... '' -RRB- which was produced by the WWF on the Piledriver Album !!!!!!! What 's really screwed up , is they even redux the announcing by Howard Finkle with the different ring entrances , along with the end of the matches . The Slickster 's `` Jive Soul Bro '' -LRB- another produced by the WWF on the Piledriver Album -RRB- is even edited over with some weak crap . Koko B. Ware 's original theme is dubbed over with `` Piledriver '' -LRB- which at the time had not yet been produced -RRB- . Roddy Piper 's Pit at WRESTLEMANIA 5 was butchered , and had a large section just spliced out . These theme 's are a HUDGE part of the wrestler 's identities . So my question is WHY VINCE , WHY ? Why intentionally screw up your own product ? Why not just leave these true classics alone & release them as they were ? It ai n't like the WWF do n't got the cash to do this . I mean come on - this is WRESTLE FREAKING MANIA , not some backyard bull crap.With all this being said - If you are a DIE HARD fan of the golden-era of wrestling -LRB- like I am -RRB- , purchase these DVD 's online for MUCH LESS . Make sure to purchase `` Live Pay-per-view '' showings of these classic events . Unfortunately , this is the ONLY way to be able to TRULY relive and appreciate these Classics .
 The second installment of Sherlock Holmes series of `` Hallmark Entertaiment '' is worse than its preceding one , `` The Hound of Baskervilles , '' or `` the canine mystery '' as this irritating Holmes of this series might quip . The Max ... no , Matt Frewer Holmes interpretation still looks unconvincing besides Jeremy Brett -LRB- though I do not say the latter is perfect -RRB- , and in this film you are in for another atrocious deed done to the beloved original.That is the script , which starts promisingly . As you know , the story of the mysterious `` Four Signs '' originates in India , and the film starts there -LRB- no , not that real India , but in the soundstage -RRB- where a rich Indian merchant 's tresure is violently stolen . Now , years later , a certain lady Miss Morstan visits Sherlock Holmes to consult about the enigmatic message and pearls sent to her from an anonimous source . So far , the film is faithful in contents and in spirit.However , in the second half of the film , it commits an unforgiveable crime . The famous hair-raising chase scenes on the Themes which tesitifies the genius of Conan Doyle is replaced by a silly conclusion culled directly from the B Western movies . Add to that , the fate of Miss Morstan is also changed , as if the company wanted to torment poor Dr. Watson forever.Only Kenneth Walsh 's Watson looks like real , which qualifies the two stars I give here . When Miss Morstan , who should be a Victorian lady in distress , speaks like a modern American woman in the 20th century , you have nothing to recommend . And you see the exaggerated mannerism of the sleuth , which makes the entire film even worse . Stick to Jeremy Brett or Basil Rathbone .
 This production of '' The Sign of the Four '' is worse than the same team 's `` Hound of the Baskervilles . '' Two reasons
 The movie rating of `` Not Rated '' is unfortunately for those who anticipate enjoying a presentation about love and relationship , that clean and free of the unecessary profanity . An accurated rating or information of the content should have been presented for potential consumers viewers . If you do n't enjoy sifting through the disappointing proformance to get to the end , this is n't for you . This film earns a two thumbs down !!
 ` Sonja at the last ' , skating in this film better than ever , weak script , skating star '' sonja '' puts on a show for the disadvantaged in London.Black Ice Ballet is beautiful , But poorly lighted . Sonja 's presentation on stage , never has it been matched.She gave the ice her all , and made so many happy . '' one in a million '' Sonja was.JoelC.Parks
 This early John Wayne western is my favorite , but this transfer is squashed down and can not be altered . If you get it to a form where the characters are not compressed , then the sides of the frame are cut off . Get any other version but not this one . James Bryant Wiser .
 Here 's your chance to see John Wayne when he was a B movie maker , churning out 5 to 10 forgettable films a year with titles like `` Born Reckless '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , `` Arizona '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , `` Texas Cyclone '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , etc. . Then in 1939 he made `` Stagecoach '' with John Ford , and his new career as a major star began . Stagecoach earned 5 Oscars including Best Picture . Wayne followed up with `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- directed by Raoul Walsh , and then a series of war movies -LRB- e.g. , `` Flying Tigers '' in 1942 , `` The Fighting Seabees '' in 1944 , `` Back to Bataan '' and `` They Were Expendable '' in 1945 -RRB- and his classic westerns including `` 3 Godfathers '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Fort Apache '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -LRB- 1949 , `` Rio Bravo '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` The Alamo '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . Wayne was nominated for Best Actor for `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and he would finally earn an Oscar for `` True Grit '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . This was the 3rd of 16 films Wayne made with Monogram/Lone Star Pictures . Monogram churned out films by the month , with little attention to detail or character development . Wayne said - `` For any actor trying to get on in the business , working at Monogram was not a good career move . Most of the contract players there may have had regular work , but they generally did n't move up from there into the major studios - they went down and that 's the direction I thought I was headed . `` In 1934 alone Wayne made 9 films , all of them westerns . All but one included George `` Gabby '' Hayes '' who was Wayne 's sidekick in dozens of films from 1933 -LRB- `` Riders of Destiny '' -RRB- to 1935 -LRB- `` Rainbow Valley '' -RRB- when Hayes moved on to partner with Hopalong Cassidy and later with Roy Rogers and then Gene Autry . Hayes -LRB- 1885-1969 -RRB- made nearly 200 films between 1929 and 1950 . In this film , Hayes and Wayne are partners in a blacksmith shop and find a gold mine . And you get a chance to see Gabby act it up as a woman!The villain of the piece is Wayne 's long time mentor , stunt man , double , and good friend , Yakima Canutt -LRB- 1895-1986 -RRB- . They first worked together on `` The Shadow of the Eagle '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and made dozens of films together . As Canutt became more hobbled from injuries , he turned to directing and had a successful career as a second unit director handling action scenes . Wayne gave him his first chance in `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He went on to work on films such as `` Ivanhoe '' , `` Spartacus '' `` El Cid '' and `` Ben Hur '' . BTW - this is a rare chance to see a stunt that does n't work when Canutt -LRB- as Wayne -RRB- falls during a stunt.Earl Dwire -LRB- 1883-1940 -RRB- appears but does n't play a bad guy in this film as he did in many of the Wayne Lone Star films . Dwire ultimately made more than 150 films between 1921 and 1940 . Wayne 's love interest is played by Barbara Sheldon -LRB- 1912-2007 -RRB- who made only 4 films of which this was the last.The film was directed by Robert Bradbury -LRB- 1886-1949 -RRB- , who was the father of another 30s western star , Bob Steele -LRB- 1907-1988 -RRB- , who was a good friend of Wayne from their USC days -LRB- Wayne and Steel appeared in 6 films together between 1953 and 1970 -RRB- . Bradbury 's other son , Bob 's twin , dubbed the songs Wayne sung in the Monogram films -LRB- and he used the money he made to pay for medical school -RRB- . Bradbury made more than 100 films between and 1918 and 1941 . FWIW - Bradbury 's 1926 silent film `` Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo '' was Wayne 's inspiration for his own 1960 Alamo film which he directed and in which he starred .1934 was an OK year for films . The top box office slots went to `` Viva Villa '' , `` Cleopatra '' and `` The Barretts of Wimpole Street '' and `` It Happened One Night '' was the big Oscar winner . That year `` The Thin Man '' series began , Karloff and Lugosi appeared in `` The Black Cat '' , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers danced in `` The Gay Divorcee '' , Laurel and Hardy laughed it up in `` Babes in Toyland '' , and Howard Hawks ' `` Twentieth Century '' came out . There were no real major league westerns apart from the oat burners produced by Lone Star , but westerns were popular in serials , such as `` The Red Rider '' starring Buck Jones and `` The Law of the Wild '' starring Rin Tin Tin.There 's not much to see here except for historians of the western film and for people curious enough to wonder how `` Gabby '' Hayes looked without a beard and in a dress . Of course , stunts by Canutt in his young days are always good to see , and personally I never get tired of the young John Wayne .
 Gabby Hayes in drag . Enough said
 I Enjoy Lots Of The Snl Movies With The Exception Of This And Superstar . Sorry To Say But I Think Every Funny Spot In This Movie Was Flooded With Sexual Humor . While I Love Comedys This Can Never Be Up There With A Night At The Roxbury . I 'm Sorry Mr. Meadows But You Really Blew -LSB- It -RSB- This Time .
 Yet another SNL-based film stars Tim Meadows as radio show host Phelps aka The Ladies Man who gets lucky whenever he wants . I do n't know how , but many women find him attractive , so as a consequencee many guys -LRB- mostly hapless husbands -RRB- hate him , and are trying to kill him , and one of them is Lee Evans -LRB- `` Mouse Hunt '' `` There 's Something about Mary '' -RRB- . But one day he is fired by his boss at the radio station -LRB- Eugene Levy , `` American Pie -RRB- , and has to find another job while trying to find the real love , and so on and on.Like many other SNL films , the film is nothing but a jumbled collections of episodes , many of which are not interesting . Maybe the main character works in short sketch , but not on film , which requires at least 90 munites . But you know these things from the beginning . The most unaccountable thing is that many women find him sexy while Tim Meadows has no charisma of Shaft . Comedy ? I know , but 90 minutes are to long to see him repeating the same lisping speech . Men like Will Smith can do better than that.The best part always comes supporting roles . Billy Dee Williams is good , so is Evans and Levy , but they are given too short time . And the greatest mystery of the film is one cameo appearance of Julianne Moore as a clown , who definitely should have known better .
 I love Tim Meadows ! And I love Leon Phelps on SNL . And I love Will Farrel too ! Unfortunatly this movie just was n't funny ... . I do n't think I laughed more than once or twice . I was so disappointed because it should have been hilarious . . The supporting cast was good ... . Karyn Parsons -LRB- of Fresh Prince -RRB- , Will Farrel , Tiffani Amber Thiessen and BILLY DEE BILLY DEE ! And who does n't love making fun of outdated 70 's guys and cheesy pick up lines ? I do n't know what went wrong , but it DID go wrong .
 It 's got to be really hard to take a character from a shallow , three-minute skit and stretch it into a moive . Leon Phelps , in that exercise , snaps and breaks and leaves the weak plot waving in the breeze . `` Ladies Man '' has its moments , the satrical dance number is one of them . But otherwise they 're few and far between . The slappy , low-brow humor that works so well on SNL just does n't scale to a full-length movie .
 While i certainly do n't think this was an entirely terrible film , I do think that SNL movies should just stop being made !!! I ca n't imagine what could possibly come out next ! As a five minute skit , Ladies Man , was always very funny and one of the better parts of the show . Tim Meadows has had quite a long run on the series , and he is a very gifted commedian and actor . To date the best SNL skit turned movie have been the Wayne 's World movies . Ladies Man did have it 's share of dumb laughs , but it 's hardly one of the best comedies of the year . It 's just a very dragged out skit of what you see on the show . Like I said , it had enough laughs to keep it somewhat interesting , but I would n't buy this movie . I 'd wait for this one cable -LRB- my husband rented this one , so i ca n't take full responsiblity for it ! -RRB-
 I really tried to like this movie , but I could never get past about the 20 minute mark -LRB- I rented it on three different occasions -RRB- . Tim Meadows ' Leon Phelps is funny in small doses , but does not work in sustaining an entire movie .
 I have always been a fan of SNL , but there films made about skit characters have always been a little disappointing . There are a few exceptions . The Ladies Man was never one of my favorite characters , but my wife always thought it was a funny skit . The film is nothing more than a stretched out skit from SNL , but it does have a few funny moments , mostly due to funny man John Witherspoon . The pickled bar food eating scene is a riot ! Ladies Man is n't going to become a classic , but for fans of the skit , this will probably entertain you for its hour and twenty minute running time .
 I do n't get the hype around Tim Meadows -LRB- is there hype ? -RRB- . I mean , he 's okay , but some people claim him to be this hilarious comic . Sadly , I 've never really found his acting to be all that funny , and this movie is n't really an exception . He has his moments , but as a whole , this film is rather dull , and he does n't do anything to save it any . My sisters -LRB- questionable taste to say the least -RRB- love this movie and Meadows in it -LRB- I 've never seen people laugh so hard at things I found blandly unfunny -RRB- but , well.Like I said , it 's shameless ... but -LRB- there 's that dreaded ` but ' -RRB- . This film centers around Meadows ' character Leon Phelps , a sex-addict who works as a sex advice radio personality until he goes too far one too many times and winds up fired . His boss is fired alongside him , and while she struggles to find him another job , Leon finds himself distracted by the pursuit of a former flame who is boundlessly wealthy , offering her wealth in exchange for his loving.I agree with some who say that , in the films second hour , things get better . The plot -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- is somewhat forgotten and the comedy starts to flow a little better -LRB- in a slapstick , SHAMELESS kind of way -RRB- . Even though the laughs are never as uproarious as we would expect from a film that offers NO intelligence whatsoever -LRB- this is n't a smart movie , so it should at least embrace its camp trashiness and give us loads of funny , right ? -RRB- the laughs do come towards the end.I mean , Will Ferrell may be nothing more than a shameless stereotype here , but his song and dance -LRB- literal and figurative -RRB- is the best part of the film for me -LRB- and that wrestling , LOL -RRB- . It 's nice to see Karyn Parsons toss out her Hilary persona -LRB- yes , from ` Fresh Prince of Bel Air -RRB- but she seems somewhat out of place here -LRB- her character is the only seemingly normal and or sympathetic , yet obviously stupid in love , in the whole cast -RRB- . Tiffani Amber Thiessen -LRB- yes , KELLY FROM SAVED BY THE BELL -RRB- so totally hot and bothered in this movie , and I almost recommend it just for her presence in the films conclusion , but even her allure is n't enough to make me do that.This is dumb , and pointless , and sadly bland for the most part -LRB- the radio bits are hilarious in their absurdity , but apart from that the film is rather monotone until the conclusion -RRB- . I do n't give it an F , because , well , it 's not THAT bad , but a D feels about right.Don ' t you hate the ` but ' ?
 I liked Night at the Roxbury better than this . Of course that was a great movie though . So this is funny but do we ever get an actual story in any of these Lorne Michael 's movies ? Funny jokes are good but I just wish it was an actual movie and not a bad SNL skit . Highlights of the movie are the fake but still great looking Tiffany Amber Thiesen and Will Ferrel as the wrestler . Good movie to kill about 30 minutes or so on .
 Tim Meadows is the Ladies Man , the radio DJ love talk man and his goal , to please every woman he meets . And to also try and give us all a laugh.O.k . I got ta say it , unfortunately the Ladies Man is n't one of Meadows ' strongest SNL characters . In all honesty , when I saw this movie in the theaters , I basically thought that it was going to be like Austin Powers but instead it was weak character with no Action and reused and recycled sexual humor that got boring after a while.That and the musical number to fund and beat the Ladies Man to death really cheapened the already played out in 10 minutes movie . By doing the little musical number , the movie just strung itself along until the end credits.I really would n't suggest this movie because it 's not as funny as some of the other SNL spin off characters . Molly Shannon 's SUPERSTAR , Will Ferrel and Chris Kattan 's NIGHT AT THE ROXBURY and who could forget Mike Myers and Dana Carvey in WAYNE 'S WORLD ? Those are 3 more preferrable SNL movies . Normally I love the work Tim Meadows does but this was just not a good movie for him . I gave it an extra star for a reason , it ended .
 This movie STINKS . The Ladies Man is such a horrible waste of talent , it literally embarrassses the pants off comic geniuses Tim Meadows and Lee Evans . On the other hand , for this Mens Lady there IS one good thing about The Ladies Man
 I find Tim Meadows on SNL usually involved in very funny skits , however , his character is a complete loser and I found myself very annoyed while waiting for something funny to happen . It was so bad I had to start using the fast forward button on the DVD player . Corny , outdated , annoying characters , and just not funny .
 Tim Meadows -LRB- Mean Girls -RRB- stars at The Ladies Man , Leon Phelps , a radio love doctor who goes around seducing young fine ladies who have husbands . Meadows gets fired from a couple of radio jobs and soon he gets a letter from a woman who he cant remember her name but remembers the funkidelic sex that they had in the laundromat . So , Meadows goes back to the women he sexed it up with trying to figure out who this woman is . Meanwhile , the husbands of the wives Meadows sexed it up with formed a group so that they can track down Meadows and do harm to him . The group is lead by none other then Will Ferrell -LRB- Old School , Anchorman -RRB- , who liked wrestling around with guys a lot ... and I mean a lot . The husbands do a song and dance number that is so annoying , they burn Meadows love boat and try to track him down . In the end , its safe to say that this shouldnt of been made ... there are some funny moments and Meadows is really funny and perfect for the role , but this needed to be left as a skit , not a feature length movie ... this and Superstar . Also starring Billy Dee Williams -LRB- Empire Strikes Back , Batman -RRB- , John Witherspoon -LRB- The Friday Trilogy -RRB- , Kevin McDonald -LRB- Kids in the Hall -RRB- , Mark McKinney -LRB- Kids in the Hall -RRB- , Karyn Parsons -LRB- Major Payne -RRB- , Jimmy Fallon -LRB- Taxi , Fever Pitch -RRB- , Eugene Levy -LRB- Best in Show , A Mighty Wind -RRB- , Tiffani Amber Thiessen -LRB- Beverly Hills 90210 , Fast Lane -RRB- , Lee Evans -LRB- Fifth Element , Mouse Hunt , Ken Hudson Campbell -LRB- Down Periscope , Armegeddon -RRB- and Julianne Moore -LRB- The Forgotten , Hannibal -RRB- .
 I tried to stick with this movie , but it was just too bad . Who are these people giving this 5 stars ? Tim Meadows , is that you ? Lorne Michaels?Really , by the time it was almost over , I was so disgusted with myself for watching as much as I did that I left . Do n't waste your time ! Life is short , choose good things .
 I am SO glad I rented this an did n't buy it . I wanted this movie to be funny , but the only thing that even remotely made me chuckle was Billy Dee Williams and his role as narrator .
 ... major waste of film . `` The Ladies Man '' is one of the most generic comedies ever . A GREAT BIG NOTHING !! 1 STAR never said so much .
 i love Tim Meadows and liked the ladies mans short skitson SNL , but this movie is just bad ... The truth is that thismovie has its moments , but for the most part is morelewd and boring then funny.If you have never seen this movie then I say `` rentfirst '' before you buy ...
 I had seen this once before and liked the silly humor but seeing it again I wondered how I missed all the crude and rude all over the story and jokes . Yes , I should have realized that is what this film is all about but I hold hope that there are films that are funny without offensive jokes and gags .
 Great film . However I liked it better when it was called DEUCE BIGALOW
 The DVD is completely in Spanish ... that is a plus . `` Vamos a Cantar '' which means `` Let 's sing '' and that it is what the DVD is all about . The DVD is song after song after song . To me most of the songs are not even catchy to kids . If your kids want a Plaza Sesamo music video DVD this is what you are looking for .
 I bought this DVD as a present for my granddaughter . It arrived promptly , but I did not open it until her birthday which was just a few days ago.Big disappointment because the DVD was damaged and unusable.A piece of the case broke and scratched the surface of the DVD.I just contacted the seller about a replacement.I 'll let you know if the DVD is worthwhile when and if I get a replacement .
 Theres no doubth Sesame street is the best show for kids and toodlers but this particular item is SOOOO BORING !!! My one year old even cant see more than 3 minutes , I hardly can feel amuse by this , Dont waste your money
 This video is boring . It 's like watching sesame street on t.v nothing special.Waste of moneyPlaza Sesamo
 Bought this for my 17 month old -LRB- teaching her SPanish -RRB- . She was not impressed . It is filled with song after song , but no skits , no real content . It gets tired , fast . You 're better off getting `` Me gusta ser yo '' and `` bienvenida la primavera '' .
 Our bilingual toddlers -LRB- Caribbean Spanish -RRB- are bored and unengaged by this . The songs are hard for adults and kids to learn or follow . Just plain odd . Me Gusta Ser Yo is much more fun . Even though there are few quality choices in Spanish DVDs , skip this one .
 This movie is bland and dry and I read Idiot 's guide to the modern middle east instead -LRB- and it is much better -RRB- The graphics are okay and the narrator is poor .
 This movie does SOMEWHAT follow the story line of Leroux 's novel but the animation is horrible .
 This movie is very close to the original novel and rather entertaining . The animation and sound , however , is really something to laugh at . Still , it 's fun to watch if you 're bored .
 This was a x-mas gift for my son and it was not working . He was very disappointed since he is a big fan of the Phantom of the Opera . How can I return this product ? People should not be allowed to sell damaged goods . It broke my boys heart !
 I 'm sad ! My grandson loves Thomas and when these DVD 's arrived , the cases were all cracked and 1 of the disc 's kept freezing ! Needless to say , I wo n't be buying anything from this seller ever again !
 My son loves Thomas . He can operate the DVD player just fine . However , on these Thomas DVDs , there are 2-3 minutes of advertizing -LRB- Spam -RRB- for other DVDs before you can get to see the content . They ca n't be skipped although some players let you fast forward through them . This totally sucks . It 's hard to explain to a small child that he 'll have to wait . Although cheap for 3 dvds -LRB- ~ $ 25 at the time of writing -RRB- , since this set only contains about 30 minutes of `` actual content '' on each disc , I find that I have paid in full and should n't be forced to sit through the spam . Again , the content is fine - it 's just unbelievably rude that they do n't let you skip the ads .
 So Cynthia Rothrick stars as a psychologist and comes home to find her sister and brother -LRB- I think -RRB- murdered . The robbers are still there so she fights with them and ends up hiting her head on a tree during her 200 foot drop . Instead of like going into a coma after hitting her head , she is now a psychic . Seriously . All of this happens in the first 5 minutes of the movie . Now this flick really has trouble deciding what it wants to be . There are actually a few pretty good ideas though they should have picked just 1 or 2 of them . Now of course I could not be too dissapointed in the amount of action . There was at least 4 major fights , too bad they were all godawful.It is hard to say this as a huge fighting movie fan but I thought the cameos by actors Mako and Brad Dourif were the shining moments of the movie.Now I made it all the way through the movie but I could not make it all the way through the behind the scenes . They just talk about how great the movie was . Well , sorry , but I just did n't see it.The movie is full screened with pretty good picture quality and has an awesome cast and crew bio menu .
 `` Tales From the Darkside '' was aCreepshow-inspired horror anthology show from the 1980s . It was a good series with a blend of horror , humor , irony and camp , and it ran for four seasons with ninety episodes . The episodes are a lot like a twist between `` The Twilight Zone '' and `` Tales From the Crypt , '' although not as good as either of those two shows . This VHS tape includes five of these half-hour episodes . They are `` Seasons of Belief , '' `` Word Processor of the Gods , '' `` Everybody Needs a Little Love , '' `` Do Not Open This Box , '' and `` Distant Signals . '' `` Seasons of Belief '' This might be the best episode ever . Two morbid parents try to cure their children 's boredom during Christmastime by telling them a scary story about an unspeakable monster known as the Grither . This is a well-made episode with good amounts of suspense , creepiness and satire . `` Word Processor of the Gods '' This story features a struggling and discouraged writer finding a new lease on life when his word processor gives him godlike abilities . Can he really delete anything for real by deleting it on the word processor ? Based on a Stephen King short story , this story is fairly interesting but more quirky than brilliant or scary at all . `` Everybody Needs a Little Love '' A barfly is under suspicion when his friend 's romantic life apparently leads to murder . The twist is that his friend had an obsession not with a real life woman , but a mannequin that appears to be able to move . This is a decent episode brought to life by Jerry Orbach . `` Do Not Open This Box '' This story is about a hapless , elderly inventor accidentally comes across a box that appears to magically grant any wish . This milquetoast man is honest and does not wish to open it , but his greedy and petty wife -LRB- played by Eileen Heckart -RRB- wants to take advantage of this situation . Directed by Jodie Foster , this is a great Twilight Zone-esque episode . `` Distant Signals '' A washed up , alcoholic actor -LRB- Darren McGavin -RRB- who once starred in a TV series that became a cult classic is called upon an oddball fan with deep pockets to film the episodes to complete the final episodes of the show . This episode begins with an intriguing premise but has a weak ending.If it were not for the release of DVD collections of `` Tales from the Darkside , '' I would recommend this . You are better off buyingTales From the Darkside
 I had to make my reply about this ... I too would love to see this as a DVD set . I too remember watching this and it was not too scary and I was child . . I remember some even being funny . One that still come to mind is about a women that was trying to lose weight ... she mailed ordered these `` special glasses '' and her food was talking to her ... some thing like that ... ca n't quite remember . . as it was a long time ago ... but it was funny . . I hope they do consider putting these out on DVD . . I got on here checking for that reason . . hoping to buy them .
 I 've been waiting for a special edition of House on Haunted Hill for awhile now . The special features are listed as `` 90 minutes long '' and include the following :1 . less than 5 minutes of a fan talking about Carol Ohmart -LRB- 1 minute of it is with Jack Hill -RRB- . Waste of time .2 . less than 5 minutes of the same fan talking about very well known facts about the house in the movie . Waste of time .3 . over 80 minutes of trailers and a terrible quality willian castle tv spot . Waste of time.The only reason to buy this is for the cool dvd art . Nothing else.Maybe one day we 'll see a special edition dvd worth buying . Until then , do n't double dip on this one .
 The actual movie is wonderful fun . A crazy , zany , hokey and totally entertaining movie with the ultimate horror host - Vincent Price - giving us one of his many , many great performances . I love this movie!But this particular 50th Anniversay Special Edition is NOT special in the least . It is a rip-off . And your host for this DVD is Johnny Legend who is NO `` legend '' in my book , as far as his absurd participation in this release is concerned.The extras are as flimsy as the plausability of the movie 's plotline . But wherein the film 's plot-holes are forgiveable fun , the Extras on this DVD are an embarassment . They sound like they 'd be great - but they are not . `` Return to the House '' features a few silent contemporary shots of the Frank Loyld Wright house as it looks today and then Legend talking about the house in front of a chain-link fence . He could be in front of any chain-link fence ... for we do n't even see the famous house behind him ! We never learn who owns the house now or what it is currently used for . We never get on the grounds with the camera and take a closer look at the house . `` Surprise William Castle TV Spot '' shows the lead-in to a game show created by Castle - but just when I thought we 'd get to see the whole show -LRB- which had a most interesting premise and panelists including Groucho Marx -RRB- ... just when I think we 'll see the mystery-themed game show , the featurette ends!The `` Carole Ohmart Profile '' talks more about her role in `` Spider Baby '' then in `` House '' and ends without us ever finding out what happened to her ultimately . What could have been a bit more of her performance in `` The Spectre of Edgar Allan Poe '' is , instead , just a two second clip of the older actress turning her head , not even speaking a line from that movie.The Vincent Price extras are fun to see
 This is such an antiquated movie , I adore most of Vincent Price 's movies . But this was a dud . Not an enjoyable experience , fell asleep , did n't bother to watch again .
 Frederick Loren -LRB- Vincent Price -RRB- invites five strangers to spend the night in a haunted house ... if they can . However , all is not as it seems . Price , as always , is wonderful and adds some much needed class to this substandard outing , which basically consists of the cast wandering from room to room , delivering bad dialogue and reacting hysterically to tired haunted house cliches . Lovers of campy grade-B 50s horror films may feel charitable toward it .
 I was very disappointed that this DVD did not include a widescreen version -LRB- in either color or BW -RRB- as WB did in its DVD release -LRB- they had included both FS and WS versions -RRB- . While it was interesting to see what the movie looked like in color -LRB- the colorization was not bad -RRB- , I did not think that it added anything to the film.The restored BW version included on the DVD was very nice , just wish that it was done in WideScreen.I do n't know about all this `` pre 1960 1:85 vs 1:33 , and the 1:33 Fullscreen really has more info in it than the 1:85 widescreen ' etc. , stuff that the other reviewers are talking about.All I know is that viewing `` House on Haunted Hill '' in the widescreen format that was included in the WB DVD release has much more of a visual impact watching it on my Widescreen TV than watching the Fullscreen versions -LRB- either color or the restored BW -RRB- included on this DVD.Bottom line , if you are curious about the color , get this DVD , otherwise stick with your current WB FS/WS DVD edition .
 Movie rating
 Whatever you DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM ! Nothing about it is enhanced . The picture quality is horrible and the packaging sucks ! This is a rip off . If you want this movie on dvd buy the one released by Warner Bros. . This dvd is horrible . The label is uneven because someone printed it from a printer and dvd is home made . The whole thing is homemade . I was very disappointed .
 I have to rate this as a horror film . I think it was actually ment to be a black comedy , and viewed in that since , it 's great .
 Purchased this item a few weeks ago , opened the disc case but when I tried to play the movie nothing happened . I removed the disc from my unit turned it off and tried several more times but the disc just does not play , all I get is a blank screen on my television .
 This movie had a good set up , creepy house , weird couple , a parnoid guy and even the goodlooking ladies ' man but aside from the acid pit in the cellar , the film is really not that good . The plot line is predictable to the intellegent viewer , and the scares seem rather out of date . Also , it seems to progress far too slowly . I would even have to go as far to say that the remake was scarier . Now , I would have to say that the original was a BETTER movie , but if you are looking for scary , this is not the movie to see . One thing that I have to give to the movie 's credit is that one woman in the movie has the most amazing scream . She must have been cast for that sole talent ! One thing though , that I read somewhere is that in the original theater showings of this movie -LRB- when it first came out -RRB- in the middle of the film , a rigged skeleten would come swooping down towards the audience . -LRB- A note
 Dispite the presence of the fantastic Vicent Price ... this movie looks like a high school play ... People stuck in a so called Haunted House and yet go wandering off by themselves and putting themselves in danger . . I can see the script for Carolyn Craig ... `` lighty scream '' ` BIG SCREAM ' ` light scream ' ` unfinished scream ' ... It is so bad , it would a great film to rent for a party and just sit and make fun of it ...
 This is an awful movie . There is only one good jolt in the whole thing , but other than that this is n't scary at all . Just a long boring piece of cinema . The re-make was better , and the re-make was awful as well . Do n't see it alone in the dark , because you 'll need someone to wake you up !
 Sorry , but this movie just is n't very good . This may have scared people back in it 's day -LRB- now I respect that and like many old scary movies that are today considered tame -RRB- but it 's predictable and dumb . I 'm sorry to offend any `` Classic ! '' criers out there but it 's true . There is a good premise here , and yes it was well filmed , lighted and edited . Acting was good on the parts of principle charecters . But overall this movie really lacks . For as much as a ghost movie that people claim this too be , it really is n't . And I almost kicked my Television when I saw a charecter at the end proclaim `` Now there are more ghosts to join the other seven . '' Puh-Leeze ! As if those other seven even made a cameo appearence ! The remake is bad too , but at least it 's one up on this movie by offering one or two eerie shots and scenes.Bottom line , not worth the price or even the almost hour and half it takes to watch it ... wait a tick ! There is another hard to find good point for this film ... it 's SHORT !
 Bad acting . Bad effects . Characters doing dumb things nobody would ever do . Stilted dialogue . Cheesy , dreary and embarrasing .
 In one of their most recent videos , the VeggieTales crew addressed the theme of listening to your parents . Junior Asparagus takes on the role of Pistachio , a boy carved out of wood who has a hard time listening to his father , Gelato , a wood carver who had no children of his own -LRB- played by Larry the Cucumber -RRB- . My favorite character is the return of Khalil the Caterpillar who plays Cricket , a caterpillar who is n't a cricket -LRB- I thought it was funny -RRB- . From the picture and little bit of the setting , you are correct to assume that this is a retelling of the Disney classic Pinnochio with a VeggieTales twist.For those of you who have been fans of VeggieTales from the very beginning -LRB- Where 's God When I 'm Scared -RRB- , you will immediately notice something different ... they remixed the introduction ! The song , itself , has n't changed ; it 's just a bit different . In addition to changing up the theme song , the VeggieTales set gets an update courtesy of a Veggie version of Extreme Makeover . Not only that ... Qwerty has been updated to ! Qwerty can talk and receive video emails!It was a bit of a shock to see all the changes , but overall , I think that these are positive changes . One thing that would be really neat is for the video emails to be real ones that VeggieTales receives through one of the many social media outlets like Facebook or a blog or something like that.As for the story in this video , I found it a bit simplistic and overly moralizing . They did clearly make the point that it is important to listen to parents even though I think it was overdone . I do give VeggieTales kudos , though , for trying to go beyond the `` obvious '' theme of truth-telling when it comes to the story of Pinnochio . Children will still enjoy this video . I also found it fun to see throwbacks from the Jonah movie like Khalil , the whale , and even some deja vu of being inside the belly of a whale .
 If you liked any of the past ones it has no correlation to this and the only comedy was destroyed by an extreme overkill .
 This is the title of the European version of Corman 's TV pilot `` Georgia Peaches . '' The story is about a moonshiner -LRB- Dirk Benedict -RRB- driving a hot Trans-Am being able to out run the local cops and roadblocks in a town where everybody knows everybody and they all go to the dentist regularly to have their teeth whitened . He is aided by two girls , one of which is an auto mechanic and the other is her sister Tanya Tucker . Together they sing as the Honeysuckle Sisters.Vivian Stark is a competitor in the moonshine business who is also running cigarettes . The Feds enlist the help of out trio to go after Vivian.Gross southern stereotypes . Overdone accents . Corny phrases . Shorts and tight pants . If you like to listen to Tanya Tucker and watch a younger version of her in tight pants , by all means .
 So Cynthia Rothrick stars as a psychologist and comes home to find her sister and brother -LRB- I think -RRB- murdered . The robbers are still there so she fights with them and ends up hiting her head on a tree during her 200 foot drop . Instead of like going into a coma after hitting her head , she is now a psychic . Seriously . All of this happens in the first 5 minutes of the movie . Now this flick really has trouble deciding what it wants to be . There are actually a few pretty good ideas though they should have picked just 1 or 2 of them . Now of course I could not be too dissapointed in the amount of action . There was at least 4 major fights , too bad they were all godawful.It is hard to say this as a huge fighting movie fan but I thought the cameos by actors Mako and Brad Dourif were the shining moments of the movie.Now I made it all the way through the movie but I could not make it all the way through the behind the scenes . They just talk about how great the movie was . Well , sorry , but I just did n't see it.The movie is full screened with pretty good picture quality and has an awesome cast and crew bio menu .
 I own -LRB- now -RRB- all 4 of the Bring it on movies and I have to say that this one is the worst one of them all !!!! I 'm lucky I won it free on a website instead of wasting my money buying it .
 In the movie they basicly tried to put West Side Story into a cheer version . It went wrong.Oh , so wrong .
 Okay , so many of you who are going to see this movie will have no idea that it is a ripoff of a far superior movie musical , `` West Side Story . '' Yes , the Jets and the Sharks , which are rival gangs in West Side Story , are now rival cheerleading teams . And there is even a romantic triangle between the Jets and the Sharks . But , this is as close to a good movie as the fourth `` Bring it on '' movie gets . The dialogue in this series of movies has gone from bad to awful . And then , there 's the rivalry between the two cheerleading teams . You would think that the finale of the movie would involve the Jets and Sharks fighting for a cheerleading title . But , no ... instead , well ... you be the judge whether the ending was a good idea . Having an antagonist at the end of the movie who you rarely see until that point kind of made the ending anti-climactic . Now , the bits about the curse of the cheer stick were at times funny , all the characters are nice to look at , but the film was all fluff , no substance . Skip this one !
 This `` Queen of the Nile '' is in fact the English-language dubed version of the 1961 Italian `` Nefertiti , regina del Nilo '' , one of those somewhat megalomaniac Italian productions that feed on an American or English actor/actress to lend it some weight . In this case , the only really well known actor is Vincent Price , who carries his role well . Of course , when the heard word travels a different course from the lip movement of the actors , one does n't quite know whether to laugh or cry . The plot is quite different from the historic version of egyptologists , introducing love triangles that the `` official '' archeological data and speculation laugh at ; that drowns the plot into the liquid of far-fetched bad fiction . Both sound and image on the dvd are of very poor quality , making some of the lines very difficult to understand . I gave it two stars given my personal interest in films related to Ancient Egypt , which are very few , especially when some historic accuracy is seeked , othewise a 1-star classification would be quite adequate given very poor sound and image as well as a poor , far-fetched plot .
 This might have been a cool movie , but I could n't tell from this DVD . Although obviously shot in widescreen , the image here is cropped to a boxy square and looks faded and beat up . It was so bad I did n't even bother to finish watching the movie . My advice would be to wait for a proper DVD release .
 Super low quality ! From cover to dvd . Sinister cinima is not a place I will ever do business with . I felt ripped off.I would not be so upset if I had only paid a dollar . There should be a quality rating on items .
 As anything , good , bad or indifferent on Ancient Egypt interests me , this was my reason for purchasing this product . Beautiful as she was , Jeanne Crain is hardly anybody 's idea of a queen of the Nile . Resemblence to actual history was purely accidental , but I was entertained and what better reason for watching a sword and sandal epic ?
 Frankly , I am always interested in seeing old films -LRB- the Kitchier the better -RRB- . But I also like quality . Sinister has claimed to be the directors and to have the rights to these films , but they do no justice to them with the poor quality of the reproduction . Also , they do not represent themselves in a straight forward manner . They should state in the description of the film who they are , what they do , what rights they have and then give a synopsis of the film itself . That way , no one can mistake the film they order to be a direct release from the studio . I believe they are acting in an underhanded way .
 In one word , the image quality is : PATHETICNot allowed to give ZERO stars .
 Again this video has very very poor video quality and not made to fit your screen
 I am a classic movie buff and enjoy watching any film to do with ancient Egypt . But I was not quite enthralled by this version of Queen Nefertiti . Both Jean Crain and Edmund Pardom 's acting was quite wooden at times , with the worst from Vincent Price who was completely miscat in the role of a priest . The dialogue was not brilliant either . I found , on the whole , entertaining in that it was about ancient Egypt , but for those who are not quite so enthusiastic , then I would definitely give this film a miss .
 this whole thing is stupid . bad movie , bad picture , bad sound . i waisted money on this one .
 not a good movie - only redeemable asset is vincent price - woul not recommend .
 After watching Thor and Capt. America with my grandchildren , I asked them where was Capt. Marvel and they did not know who he was . How sad he is lost . The serial was a lot different that the comic books I remember , as little Billy was a crippled seller of newspapers on the street then who used Shazam to become Capt. Marvel . The story line itself was interesting since the ` Scorpion ' was a cheezy villian . It was great fun to watch and brought back the days , when for a dime you could see a feature picture , a b picture , a cartoon , newsreel and a serical . Popcorn was a nickel . In Spiro , OK the theater was segregated , but I loved to sit in the balcony anyway . Glad those days are gone .
 This dvd , the Adventures of Captain Marvel , was ordered on Aug. 31 , but has NOT yet been delivered to me . This is the first and only opportunity I 've been afforded to contact you about this . Please cancel my order.-Trevor Von Eeden/thv2101@columbia.edu-
 If you are looking to watch a truly awful and completely pointless kung-fu film , then I can highly recommend the film `` Rage of the Master '' -LRB- which I believe was previously entitled `` Hero '' or `` Rage of the Tiger '' -RRB- , starring Jimmy Wang Yu and directed by Wang Hung Chang . Originating in Hong Kong circa 1976 , the film begins at a kung-fu school that is attacked -LRB- for unknown reasons -RRB- by a gang of superior kung-fu fighters wearing red hot pants . The daughter & son of the school 's headmaster escape and seek assistance -LRB- eventually -RRB- from a man called Tiger -LRB- Jimmy Wang Yu -RRB- , who only goes after the gang in a rage of vengeance after the gang attacks his home and his mother . The gang , which consists primarily of anywhere between 30 to 50 individuals who mostly wear unbuttoned , long-sleeved white shirts -LRB- or red hot pants -RRB- , works for a group of evil casino owners . From the very poorly dubbed dialog , it is never clear why the gang attacked the kung-fu school to begin with . Instead , the film focuses more on numerous kung-fu fights usually involving multiple people , including both men and women and usually using long knives . This includes a lengthy and rather pointless kung-fu wrestling match that involves members of the gang fighting audience volunteers . Though the various fights are supposed to appear very realistic , serious and gory , it 's difficult not to laugh when someone gets stabbed or when one of the main characters gets killed . One annoying aspect of the film was the frequent close-ups of a sign written in Chinese in Tiger 's home . At no time during the film is the sign ever translated into English.Overall , for very poor cinematography , bad dialog , pointless plot , laughable fight scenes and terrible acting , I can only rate `` Rage of the Master '' with 1 star . The only reason why I watched the film was because I was at a friend 's birthday and he likes to watch really stupid films sometimes . Memorable aspects of the film include the presence of a gang member seen only at the beginning of the film sporting a long hair style reminiscent of Sonny Bono , another gang member seen frequently throughout the film that has a giant mole on his left cheek with a long thick hair sticking out of it and when one of the main characters unknowingly walks backwards off of a cliff . Other actors who performed in this forgettable epic include Chiao Chiao , Yu Yang Kun and Yu Wang . Though the film was produced long before the existance of the first video game , it very much has the feel of one .
 I LOVE JIMMY WANG YU , that 's why it was so hard to watch this . The only part I felt any emotion at all during this was the final fight between Lung Fei and Jimmy , and the final final fight between guy in pnk shorts vs. Jimmy . I love Lung Fei , but he sucks in this one and is almost as bad as the guy in pink . And by the way the one emotion I felt was laughter . Pure laughter . Now the pink shorts are one of the best things about this movie , I love the campiness of Wang yu 's fimls , and the pink shorts did hit the spot . Other than that , I just got this really bad stomach ache while watching this , but when you press stop it goes away , so for health reasons , do not watch this . If you wan na see a good Jimmy Wang Yu movie , go and get the Original One-armed boxer where he loses his arm , now that is a GOOD movie , not great , but rates like a 7/10 , now this movie is a 0.5 / 10 , so if you like to evaluate how bad movies are , you will be takingn a lot of notes during this one .
 I thought this movie was a little too predictable , but still has a good Christian message . Worth watching , but maybe not worth owning ...
 My disabled mother has always wanted this movie and after quite a search I found it here . To her dismay this movie was blank , and was blank in other dvd players as well . Amazon does not make it eay to return product if u do not have a printer to print the label , shipping order or an adress .
 Please !!! will somebody , please put out a REAL movie on these beloved series by a Canadian author !!!! I and my daughters all loved the books . When we found there was movies made , we rented them with anticipation , only to be very dissapointed !!! I really hope that someday , someone will put out a real movie with the real events of the stories written by Janette Oke !!! They are wonderful stories , and need to be made into beautiful movies.If I was Janette Oke I would be so very disappointed with these movies that do n't come close to the books she wrote.It was just so dissapointing .
 I do n't understand why moviemakers pick out a book with a fantastic story and loyal following to make a movie from and then completely invent their own story . I am a huge Janette Oke fan . I own all her books and have read the Love Comes Softly series until I 've about memorized the books . I was so excited that they were being made into movies . Love Comes Softly movie was n't too bad . Love 's Enduring Promise , however , was a huge disappointment . It was nothing like the book at all . The books are supposed to be about Clark and Marty and Marty had hardly any role in this one at all . The acting seemed weak except where Clark needed his leg cleaned and bandaged after a logging accident and then everyone over-acted . I wondered if they were going to amputate his leg -LRB- a scene from a later book , following an extremely serious cave-in -RRB- . The sets were not at all real looking . I hope the little plot of land being plowed was just one of many fields , because that was not big enough to sustain a family of five . The plot seemed to jump around and not make sense . Missy teaches school , but there 's only one small school scene . She has two younger brothers -- Aaron -LRB- Marty 's son from her first marriage -RRB- and Arnie -LRB- Clark and Marty 's together -RRB- , yet they were hard to tell apart and had very little purpose in the movie . While Clark is healing , a young man is hired to take over his chores . Once Clark figures out who the young man is , the whole movie is diverted to talk about his story . There were n't really any peripheral characters in the movie -- they did n't run into people in town , go to church , have visitors over for tea . It was like they were the only people in town . When Missie and Willie headed west , I hope they were n't going far . That wagon was tiny -LRB- the prairie schooners used by pioneers were pretty large -RRB- and hardly had anything in the back of it . I do n't think they were prepared to spend up to a year living out of it . Missie 's explanation of the phrase `` love 's enduring promise '' was way out in left field . The book 's title refers to Marty saying that Missie and Willie 's `` love had promise , enduring promise . ''
 I have n't even seen this movie and I wo n't because I have read all the books and what the heck happened to Willie LaHaye ? Why do they feel the need to rewrite the story?Missie falls in love with Willie LaHaye and goes West with him . Willie is her neighbor and the school bully . Janet Oke 's stories are SO GOOD , there is no need to alter them in any way . What is WITH this love triangle they 've got Missie in ??? Never happened . She saw Lou Graham for a while and some of the other neighbor boys but is in love with WILLIE.Furthermore , I was dissapointed in Love Comes Softly -LRB- which I did see . -RRB- Although a lot closer to the original , they changed Missie 's age -LRB- in the book she was only about a year old when Marty came to live with them -RRB- and they changed Marty 's husband 's name -LRB- Clem -RRB- for unknown reasons . They also made Marty more educated than she was and without an accent -LRB- as if she were from the East or something -RRB- And I hate to break it to the director , but no one but bar girls had bobs in the pioneer days . Also , during the snowstorm , Marty was the one shooting the gun for Clark to hear so he could get back -LRB- although I do n't think she needed to use it -RRB- He had taken the dog with him so he found his way back . The only scenes that happened the way it did in the book was the funeral and Clark 's proposal , and the fried chicken incident . It 's too bad . There were so many other great events in the book.So , just reading the story line of Love 's Enduring Promise makes me so angry ! Why do they do this to good literature ? WHY ? When a book has a following , if you mess with the story , we get MAD.I wo n't be watching Love 's Enduring Promise and I recommend you skip it too and get the book instead .
 I started reading this series when I was a teenager and loved them . I was thrilled when I saw the advertisements for the movies . I was pleased with Love Comes Softly . I thought the characters they picked for Marty and Clarke -LRB- especially Clarke -RRB- were just about perfect for the parts . I understood why Landon chose to cast an older Missy , and was okay with other changes they made to the book . I was so excited to see the sequel . What a bummer !! I thought the sequel was HORRIBLE !! Did it even come from the same book ? Where were Marty and Clarke ? They were very present in the book . We were n't even introduced to the rest of the family ! I just do n't understand why this movie is getting such high reviews . Maybe if I had n't read any of the original books I might have enjoyed it more .
 Whoever said that they finally let Jones speak does n't know anything about decent acting . Jones absolutely ruined every scene that she was in . She shows a complete lack of emotion and was completely unbelievable . She has never been able to act her way out of a wet paper bag and never will . I was really looking forward to this movie after seeing Love Comes Softly and was horribly disappointed after seeing this one . I will say that Logan Bartholomew and of course Katharine Heigl were amazing . It 's too bad that the movie had to be ruined by Jones . Completely surprised to see that they cast Jones in this wholesome part after her basically topless picture showing up in a European magazine and on the internet .
 I was a huge fan of the books growing up , and a lover of the period and Jannette Oke 's books . I had greatly enjoyed the first movie and was eagerly looking forward to watching the next in the series . Well , I just finished -- and could hardly stop from yawning while I watched!The movie started out well enough . Wonderful filming , great costuming , glorious rolling hills and large trees transport you back in time . No , the faults definitely do not lie with the production of the movie.The scriptwriting and acting seemed to have gone down a notch . I remembered the tomboyish Missie from the last film and could n't wait to see her older . The actress portraying the older Missie just did not do her justice ! While she was pretty , she read most of her lines flat , with little emotion . The worst was the very ending , which was supposed to have been a heart-breaking moment between father and daughter , instead fell completely flat . In fact , most of the scenes with Missie had me checking to see how much time the movie had left.I think there were several attempts to portray Missie as spirited -LRB- like her chasing the chicken in the restaurant -RRB- , but to me they just felt out of place from the new placid Missie we were continually seeing.Apart from that , the rest of the cast was average , with a few star moments here and there . I ca n't remember the book very well to check for accuracy , but the story was so-so as well -- melodrama only reared its head in a few places.Only if you want to keep up-to-date with the series , I would recommend this . Otherwise , I 'm glad they replaced Missie 's actress for the next film . Perhaps we 'll get to see a more energetic performance .
 I really liked the first movie , and I thought I would enjoy a second one . No way - from the very beginning when I saw older Missy , I knew something was wrong . At first I thought it was a bad acting , but as movie progressed , I realized , that it was so heavily soaked with religious dogma , that it was unnatural - it has nothing in common with a first movie or real life . How can lively creative Missy become such a boring boneless person ? Seems to me as a total miss . People behave and talk like marionettes.The only other movie , that was that unnatural I saw was Therese -LRB- 2006 . -RRB-
 This is like a soft-core Deliverance , except it does n't deliver on the skin and the backwoods stuff gets soooooo boring .
 This is a neat TV christmas special from the 1990s . The problem is that -LRB- I guess for music licensing reasons -RRB- bad music is dubbed over many scenes.In other words , you see Barbara Eden on you screen but you can barely hear her because there is generic christmas music dubbed over her audio -LRB- I assume to cover up some background music . -RRB- Plus the dubbed tunes are just awful . They sound like old cell phone ring tones .
 I was a bit under the weather for a few days this past Holiday Season , so I curled up with some Christmassy videos that I had never quite gotten around to watching . Most were charming , in a cheesy sort of way . This one , however , was the absolute worst . I do n't even think I 'd put it in a yard sale . I love Mel Torme 's vocals , but while he 's the ostensible host , he does n't really get all that much screen time . And even he 's not at his absolute best . Other performers include Barbara Eden , Crystal Gayle and Paul Sorvino . The acoustics are atrocious , so it 's hard to know whether the Sorvino -- who is certainly an appealing actor -- can actually sing as well , but what 's presented here is not promising . Eden and Gayle keep in low key , and their modest efforts work , for the most part . In between musical numbers , guest hosts provide intros that are completely drowned out by awful holiday music played on a Wurlitzer or something . Someone below suggested licensing problems , which may well be the case . But it is just so ludicrous to see a somewhat distinguished presence like Patrick Macnee or a charming performer like actress Lee Purcell mouth words that you can not begin hear . And that 's ALL they do . If they were in skits or something as well , then their presence might make some sense . As it is , their bits look preposterously stupid and should have been edited out , if they could not be used legally for whatever reason . A completely unenjoyable experience .
 I love 80 's Italian horror films especially those have gone `` lost '' throughout the years ... except this one.I 've heard of it for years and was excited to get it on blu-ray of all things but was severely disappointed . The first 45 minutes are so boring and once the gore starts after what has got to be the longest most irrelevant panning shot in film history it 's really not worth it . If you 're expecting something like ALIEN CONTAMINATION this film certainly is n't it . There is nothing clever about it and it 's not even fun to laugh at.The soundtrack is pretty cool but you do have to sit through this film to experience it . The transfer and quality is incredibly good . It would be great to see other Italian horror and rare htf films released this way.Like the title of my review , it 's for true die hard collectors only . My copy will be going on ebay soon.I certainly hope MIDNIGHT LEGACY begins releasing more hard to find films since their previous company had amazing titles that they really knew about while releasing the best cuts and quality available -LRB- CROSS OF THE SEVEN JEWELS please !!! -RRB- This one just does n't do it for me.BTW the extra features are NOT presented in HD quality as a previous reviewer stated . The effects reel is pretty boring and if you watch the Dutch trailer you 've seen everything you need to see in this film .
 Jesus christ !!! i am used to soo bad it 's soo bad when you can laughing about it but please gim me a break , this film should be re title the boring cave expedition in 1080p this film is soo slow and it 's truly an exercise in endurance ! geez if this film could be slower this would be a photograph nothing happen did i mention nothing happen ??? Watching ALIEN 2 is a lot like talking to my grandmother . At first she seems to makes sense , but as she keeps talking you start to realize she has no idea what it is she is talking about or where the conversation is going . They are also both mind numbingly slow . ALIEN 2
 ... if I had been able to stay awake for the whole thing . I watched this movie while it was raining and I was too sick to do much else , and I tried to watch it twice , but the first time I fell asleep , and the second time I got bored and read a book instead . The visual special effects were well done , but the screenplay was so poorly written , I do n't think there was much that could have saved this movie . Once the written work is badly botched , it 's hard to say if the directing or acting or cinematography was poor , but it 's probably a safe bet . On the other hand , you might like Marky Mark in this unbelievably miscast role . I for one am not too upset about missing the last few minutes of the film .
 I liked the score and I do n't think there is anything wrong with this movie -- except that they made it . Everybody 's brave ; everybody 's stoic ; everybody dies . If you wan na be depressed -- really depressed -- this is for you .
 it turn out the perfect storm isnt so perfect . This movie doesnt have a whole lot of character build up so its kinda hard to care about the characters . george cloony gives a dissapointing performance at best . Although this movie does go through alot of bad spots , the movie picks up towards the late middle and and finishing scenes of the movie , plus some good special effects . my advice though i would only rent this video .
 This is my opionion
 If you bought the mini-collector set to get both the wide-screen and full-screen version , do n't count on it . The set I received included only the wide-screen . Amazon has agreed to take it back , but either the collection I received was a fluke , or the advertisement is just flat wrong .
 This movie was a total disapointment . It is a sad story , but the film does a poor job of getting us to care about the characters . The dialouge is poor , and overall the story is pretty weak . Save this one for a rental .
 Snore ! I was excited to see this film for the special effects and expected to put up with the usual cliches - but my god ! The entire first hour is dedicated to developing the fact that the fishermen have wives and children at home who love and miss them . The actual effects are great , all 20 minutes of them , but skip the rest of the movie .
 This movie had to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . There is no plot . There is no character development . This movie is riddled with some of the worst acting I 've ever seen . Do n't waste your money . Visual effects are okay , but do not make up for lack of plot and lack of acting . There is no story . A storm comes along and kills people . That 's it . A complete waste of film .
 Issue # 1 cost about $ 3 to $ 4 for 2 day rental , which is fine cause this movie is available on netflix . But therevis no caption , which is absurd my dad who has hearing issue and better to understand the film because English is a second language to him.Issue # 2 living now in a very diverse culture it is incredible how slowly the development to have at least captions but also have more common language audio selection such as Spanish or French . This is also an issue with netflix , though there is more progress there than in amazon by at least have caption on most of their movies and tv shows and Spanish audio for 5 films out of their many selection . About 77.43 DVDs and blu rays have caption and second language audio , why ca n't digital streaming .
 I was n't one of the cynics . I wanted to see this film . I was optimistic . Heck , I even live in Rockport , the next town over from Gloucester.But this movie , except for the special effects , was awful . If you were to strip away all of the digital imagery , the alluring ocean storm , and okay acting , you would be left with a half-baked story that does not establish any basis whatsoever for respecting the protagonist -LRB- s -RRB- . I , for one , was not moved by Clooney 's `` powerful '' Act 2 climax declaration of `` I always find the fish ! '' It was almost laughable . They were going for Scarlet 's `` I will never go hungry again , '' and they got something much , much less to put it kindly . The problem was that they were unable to mask - despite a * valiant * effort - what really happened here . A group of men made bad decision after bad decision , with money and greed as their motive , ignoring their loved one 's advice , and they got themselves killed . When you strip away all the rhetoric , that 's what you get.And I was literally embarrassed for Diane Lane . You know when you go to a talent show and the performer is so bad that you actually feel embarrassed for her ? That 's how it was with Lane . Not only the accent - I mean please - but the acting . They had her going for the Oscar in every scene , and when I was supposed to feel bad for her , I was literally chuckling and shaking my head . I have never seen such overacting in any movie , ever . Ever.And what about the `` Perfect '' storm ? Why was it perfect ? What was so amazing about it ? There is almost * nothing * in the movie about the dynamics of the storm system that led to these events . Other than telling you that 3 systems are colliding , there is nothing else mentioned about the uniqueness of this situation.Had it not been for the special effects I would have given it one star . The ocean was magnificent . I 'm not even going to talk about the ridiculously unrealistic events that occurred , because you expect that sort of thing in this kind of movie . But I also expected a few other things
 Its all very well basing a film on a true-life event , but that event has to be interesting enough to be dramatised . This event was n't . Yes , there was tension as a group of impovorished fisherman travel further than they would normally to find some fish to continue earning a livelihood . yes there was drama as on the way back from their fishing , their boat is caught up in the middle of a terrifying storm . But the storm is not as terrifiying as it could have been , and completely drowns out any intelligent conversation . Having said that , the first hour of the film deals with the introductions to the characters , and the conversations then are not particularly intelligent . The film fundementally falls down , becuase the events it portrays are so ordinary . Only the storm is special , everything else is run-of-the-mill . Its like you or me going out for the day , and getting caught up in a snow-storm , crashing the car , and getting killed . The crash would be the focal point in the film , the rest of it would just be boring . The acting does not help the cause ; George Clooney does n't come across as a rugged fisherman type , neither does Mark Walhberg - the ability to sport a beard is not the only qualification in playing someone from the great outdoors . In particular however , the love interests in the poor lives of these fishermen were portrayed terribly . The best -LRB- or worst -RRB- example of this was the large woman who met one of the fishermen in the pub during the film 's opening , and basically told him where to go . At the end of the film when the deaths of our brave heroes are announced and the funnerals take place , you see the same woman unconvincingly weeping uncontrollably . Unneccesary and laughable emotion , but deemed worthy to try and boost the film . It did n't work , and neither did the film .
 Yeah , Yeah , Yeah , I know that you 're not supposed to expect a movie to be as good as the book its based on , but THIS is an absolute travesty that cheapens the memory of the real people who died . Has Hollywood no shame ? There are so many factual inacuracies and utter implausibilities that they ca n't all be listed here . And the cheesy background music destroys whatever excitment the well done visual effects might generate . The only positive thing that can be said is at least George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg LOOK right for their perspective parts . But they are given lines of dialog so unbelievably hokey and cliched that you almost feel sorry for them as actors.Bottom line is if you loved the book , stay far FAR away from this totally disrespectful farce .
 The `` A Perfect Storm Movie '' is about the sad story of poor fishermen who can not seem to catch enough fish to get by . When their captian finds a large group of fish , the crew sets off on a dangerous journey . While they are returning home , a massive storm forms . They stupidly decide to continue home even though it means battling huge waves.While watching this movie , I found myself bored out of my mind . The character-developing section is unnessisarily long . You will begin to grow restless waiting for the wave scenes . Then as wave after wave tossel the ship around , you will wonder why you purchased this movie . Why buy this movie when you can just wait for a hurricane to be televised on the news . As the movie draws to an end , one question enters your mind , ` Why did I waste all that time watching this ? '
 This was among the dumbest movies I 've ever seen . The plot lacks any point , and , aside from the special effects , has nothing remotely interesting about it . It is basically about a group of the stupidest fishermen in the whole eastern seaboard who realize they do n't have any money , so , decide to go on a fishing expedition even though they get 1000 's of hints that sailing their course would be suicide . But being truly idiotic , they go right to the place where the 4 largest hurricanes on record are about to collide in search of more fish . -LRB- Even the fish they seek would be more clever than these stooges and the twits who directed this film . -RRB- The only part of this movie that 's truly sad is the fact that it takes itself perfectly seriously .
 I went into this movie with a pessimistic attitude to begin with . I was hoping to be pleasantly surprised . I was n't . Junger didnt write about men laughing and hamming it up crashing headlong into certain death . He wrote of fear and heroism and the partnership of all those involved . And what was with the wishy-washy ending ? Marky Mark Wahlberg bobbing up spewing out lines of his endless love ? George Clooney portraying Billy Tyne as the typical captain who goes down with the ship ? Oh yeah , when that happens , why is the water so calm where he is ? I could understand if the people Gloucester , Mass. think this is a mockery of the memory of the boys who went down with the Andrea Gail . The saving points of this film are few
 Where do I begin ? This is the worst movie ever . The cast did a horrible job , and the script was so corny i had to leave the theater . The DVD -LRB- a friend showed me , I did n't buy it -RRB- is just as bad , with the same horrible movie , and a bunch of features that are the same as on any other DVD . There is just some lousy behind-the-scenes stuff that you would see on any other DVD , like the cameras rolling across a cart following the cast or something , and nothing major about how the wave effects were made.As for that , the movie itself is just bad . 6 fishermen set out from a port in Maine , and go very far out to sea looking for the big catch . When they finally get it , they start back , only to find out a huge hurricane is in their path . They go anyway , and it turns out that the ending sucks almost as badly as the movie itself . This is really just a sappy love story involving fish . If another movie like this ever comes out I 'll go paranoid . I 'll just put it the simple way
 To like this movie is to completely admit you know nothing about film , art , or anything of quality in the world . A script full of cheap cliches , George Clooney 's monochromatic acting , idiotic dialog , and mawkish score do not add up to a good movie . This movie makes no attempt at sublety as it tries to move your emotions . The result is multiple cringing for any half-way intelligent person .
 I read the book and thoroughly enjoyed it . I thought the movie was GRINDINGLY boring . I think it was made in bathtub with trick shots . The characters were just to too contrivedly politically correct . Spare us ! Oh the groping ... Oh the four letter words . I wish Karen Allen had found a better movie to semi-star in . She was great in Raiders . This movie is a COMPLEAT waste of time . Enough said . Thanks for letting me vent . I had to pay for this is a hotel room . They gave me my money back . Blynn
 ... movies -LRB- the best as well as the worst -RRB- were made by people -LRB- actors & actresses , writers and directors -RRB- , and used special effects to enhance the show . Nowadays , ` Special Effects ' are the show , the story is written by accountants -LRB- whose creativity in accounting should not be extended out of this domain , since their concern is not about moviegoers , but shareholders -RRB- , and , if actors are not yet out of work , it 's only because their sex life can be used in tabloids to promote the release of the movie . But , of course , for those who think McDo is the most enjoyable culinary experience , they should not be disappointed .
 So yeah Wolfgang does the epic Troy , with CGI all over , and save Pitt 's hilarious and wooden portrayal of the greatest warrior ever , it kinda rocked -LRB- well because of Brian Cox -RRB- , and then let 's take a book about a big egotistical idiot , who asks other idiots to come together to go to sea , and all of a sudden , in what a day or two , there 's a hurricane and then a super storm . What moron captain would take a crew out in the Atlantic , knowing a hurricane is barreling up the coast . Even despite that , despite it being minimal at first , Hollywood takes the book , does an adaptation of said book and paints a bunch of now dead goons as hero 's because they were lost at sea , and then have a brilliant director do them even more of an injustice as idiots , by making a horrific , and I do mean BRUTALLY bad film adaptation about the said idiots , and then add insult to injury by having Clooney in it . Like Chris McCandless going ` Into the Wild ' of Alaska , because his mommy and daddy were n't nice to him , and people labeled him as a hero too . Movie
 The only thing I have to say about this movie is ... I gave it one star only because Mark Wahlberg appears in it !!!!!!!!! This has to be one of the most boring boring movies I 've ever seen . You wonder if it will ever end . True , it 's a sad story but ... come on !!!!!!!! For anyone who wants to see a bunch of men on a fishing boat bobbing up and down in the water for what seems to be forever , then this movie is for you . Otherwise , this movie is just plain BLAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I once got stuck with nothing to watch in the middle of a mindless job . So I made the mistake of putting this in . -LRB- Thank God , I at least was n't dumb enough to sit down and waist my time in watching it . -RRB- Anyway , the movie was a whole bunch of water sloshing around for two hours . Next time I want to do that , I 'll get in a hot bath tub and have a slosh fest . The movie could have been summed up like this ; the guys went out in boats -LRB- cause that 's what they do -RRB- ; they got caught in a storm -LRB- cause that 's what happens in the movies -RRB- ; ... I definitely prefer sloshing in my bath tub because I do n't even have to drown at the end of the slosh .
 Why would anyone make a movie or write a story of a bunch of guys who think to themselves ` this storm is really bad and we 'll probably die if we go and try and catch fish in this storm but heck , let 's try anyway ' ... then they all die ... end of movie .
 To his credit Wolfgang Petersen should be applauded for depicting the Coast Guard and Air Force PJ 's as the courageous professionals they truly are -LRB- it 's the only good thing about the move -RRB- but I can not understand why he felt the need to reduce the crew of the Andrea Gail into a bunch of whooping idiot hicks ! The original story in the book has enough suspense without Petersen having to throw in a fake villain in the form of Michael Ironsides ' character and other ridiculous cliche plot devices which actually make this movie worse . Gee , every movie needs a villain , so I 'll just throw one in there ! While we 're at it , why doe n't we have a lovesick loser try to score before his final voyage !! Looks like the $ $ signs made Petersen blind to the absurdity of the script.Petersen has dishonored the memory of the crew of the Andrea Gail and thrown the dignity of Gloucester into the Hollywood meatgrinder to be chewed up and spit out in the name of profits . Hey Wolfgang , it IS possible to have a hit movie that does n't insult people 's intelligence . Thanks for nothing .
 This film is dedicated to all the fishermen who have died at sea since the 17th century . Out in the Atlantic Ocean , three hurricanes have merged together and created `` The Perfect Storm '' . Everybody away from dry land is plunged into a struggle for survival.At the beginning of the film , we are briefly introduced to the crew of the `` Andrea Gale '' . Putting aside the drinking and tongue-kisses , we learn that one man is divorced with a young son ; that another man is having trouble finding a home for him and his girlfriend ; and finally , we discover that the old seawise captain of the Andrea Gale is played by the hunky George Clooney - who could just as easily be Dr. Ross from `` ER '' . After thinking of every perfectly good reason for not going out and risking their lives at sea , the crew of the Andrea Gale set off for their `` biggest catch yet '' . After an hour of clich&eacute;s , they catch their fish , but hit a problem . The `` perfect storm '' is between them and home . They have a choice
 After watching this movie , with it 's awkward , stumbling dialogue and its pedestrian cinematics , I could n't help but feel sorry for the masses of movie viewers who were packing themselves into theatres all over the United States to watch this overly formulaic piece of manufactured emotion.There is absolutely no saving grace to Perfect Storm . The dialogue is outright laughable and the characters , which were created through a five minute diatribe of impotent conflict and rhetorical nonsense , are hardly incarnations of the actual heroes . The story , which is an outright rape of Junger 's novel , revolves around a group of sword fisherman who 's voyage to the flemmish cap is wrought with peril . After much useless , unrealistic dialogue and a few gratuitous tears , the movie ends and the audience leaves , most of them completely captivated by the movie 's manufactured emotional content.If you do n't like to think and are easily entertained by low-brow story-telling , buy this movie . If not , try something else .
 This `` HD DVD '' is in a low definition format . Every other HD DVD I 've seen is actually in a High Definition format . The horizontal resolution of this turkey is 960 pixels or less and the aliasing artifacts are noticeable and annoying in the extreme . Wonder if the Blu-ray version is any better.The movie itself is quite good .
