 This movie has got to been one of the best horror movies I have seen in years . This movie made me so scared , when we saw it in the movie theater , I screamed out `` Oh , my god ! '' at one scene of the movie ! This movie is a thriller .
 This was a great movie.It was beutifly made . It will scare you bad . Its cast fits the parts like pieces to a puzzle . Catherine Zeta Jones , Liam nesson , Liv Taylor , and Owen Wilson are great . Four people go to a haunted house not knowing it was haunted.Boy , are they in for a scare .
 Many people have seen this movie , many did n't like it . I , on the other hand , thought it was alright . One complaint I 've heard for this film like many remakes is that `` it was n't like the original . '' Hmm ... do you think maybe that 's because IT 'S NOT THE ORIGINAL ? In order to truly like a remake , you have to look past the fact that it is probably not gon na be even close to the original . However , it seems anytime Disney remakes something like Hercules and Mighty Joe Young , they get praised for it even though they take remakes way out of the original context . This movie was n't too bad . It was n't scary , but still not too bad . I found it more of a story than horror film .
 The Haunting is not for everyone . Basically if you like a castle setting with an abundance of special effects involving statues coming to life , unexplainable creeps and howls throughout the night and a storyline that centers around children , murders and a group of unsuspecting people having to persevere a night of both mental and physical pain and suffering , you 'll eat this stuff alive . Me ? I have a weakness for these kind of movies . For 1999 , they really took the horror genre to unimaginable heights . This movie holds up and looks very impressive.Of course you ca n't have the good without the bad ! This would explain the several less than enthusiastic reviews here on amazon . While I truly do n't think it 'd be fair to give the movie a 1-star rating , the obvious low point is unquestionably the acting . Some of is borders on horrendous . I wo n't spoil the ending but come on , Lili Taylor 's a fantastic actress -LRB- and by the way she 's the one who receives the most attention since the story focuses on her character so be prepared for that -RRB- but some of her reactions to the dangers and unknowns is really awful and questionable -LRB- the ending in particular -RRB- . Of course what helps the Haunting tremendously are the several big name actors and actresses that star in it . Catherine Zeta Jones -LRB- who 's once again , hotter than a picnic in Sydney -RRB- , Liam Neeson who 's recently gotten even more popular thanks to his successful Taken series , and Owen Wilson who plays a dorky and out of place guy wrapped up in a haunted house dilemma . Basically all these characters come together for the purpose of research because they have their own personal demons that need straightened out . Yes it 's weird they 'd come to a haunted house of all places but uh ... the storyline should explain why -LRB- but maybe not convincingly or clearly , hehe -RRB- . Overall the Haunting is a pretty cool movie . It does several things amazingly well . Atmosphere , scares , a mysterious story , suspense ... but the one problem is easily the lack of interesting acting all around . Anyone that likes this film would probably love Silent Hill -LRB- both the movie and video game -RRB- . I sense a strong similarity between the two films .
 This is a great horror chiller with excellent and scary special effects . The scariest scene is the one where a sentence is written in blood on the walls , but the whole thing has a chilling feel.People are saying that this is useless , not scary and nothing like the old version . Well duh , the old version is an entirely different movie . They had to change it , otherwise we 'd have seen it all before , would n't we.Should be a 15 rather than a 12 , but that does n't alter the movie . Rent it NOW !
 The Haunting has to be one of the best movies . I diagree with the people that gave it one star . This movie may not be very scary , but they picked good acters and actresess . Lili Taylor and Katherine Zeta-Jones did a great job . I have to admit they went a little overboard with the special effects .
 The picture of the old man gives me the creeps , it looks like a werewolf ! This is a wicked , wild and funny movie ! 4 THUMBS UP ! A great action , horror , suspense film that keeps you on the edge of your seat !
 I do n't know about the rest of you , but I thought that this movie was scary . You know why ? Because it is so different from the bloody horror pictures we see today . It is so intriguingly odd that it sends a chill down your back . The acting , scenery and directing are superb . It has some very strange moments that will make you think twice before going to sleep at night . Let 's start with the house . The mere fact that someone would build a house that huge and so scary-looking on purpose is strange . It had hundreds of rooms for children , that ended up dead , and even a carosel to entertain them . It reminds you of a haunted fun house . The acting , directing and ornate scenery were superb . All hail to Lili Taylor for her fantastic performance of Nell , the MAIN character . Jan deBont once again fascinates with his creative , odd and frighteningly entertaining revival of this Shirley Jackson classic novel . The story is somewhat different , odd , and freaky . That fact that it is just so strange is what makes it scary . And the scenery is the icing on the cake . While some may think that the magnificent house was overdone , I found it beautiful , haunting , and a lot of fun to search through . So , for those of you who want a good mystery to watch with your kids , buy THE HAUNTING . It is suitable for childrens eyes because of it 's Fun House qualities . But it can freak you out . It haunts you as you watch it , but it really is a fun movie . The noises scare you as the ghosts of the children have a little bit of fun with you . You 'll love it !
 A MUST SEE TERROR WITH AN UNEXPECTED TWIST . ONE TO BUY TO WATCH AGAIN AND AGAIN .
 I thought this was a great movie . Fine , so the story was average , but the fantastic effects and even better sound more than made up for it . I would recommend this film to anyone with a dolby digital setup , just sit back and feel the room shake !
 While it may not be the scariest movie , The Haunting does maintain its `` Thriller '' status . Ghosts , skeletons , and live statues jump out at you just when you 're not paying attention . What makes the moving all the , ore enticing is that the ghosts are children . The music is especially creative as it pulls you into the story further . An outlandish storyline provides an entertaining trip through an old `` haunted house '' . This movie is mild enough to be viewed by children , as it maintains the amusement park `` fun house '' type of theme . Taylor delivers a stellar performance while Zeta-Jones could have done better . The special effects will amaze you as this movie attempts not to horrify you , but just to have a little fun with your mind .
 I guess there 's nothing like expecting the worst from a movie - so often it winds up being so much better than expected and this is truly the case with THE HAUNTING . I know the original is a classic but as big a fan as I am of classic horror movies , I have never been fond of the original Robert Wise film . I found this remake to be better in so many ways ... the characters -LRB- while not as interesting as the originals -RRB- are a much nicer bunch to be around ; the effects are wonderful ; the house itself is magnificent and Lili Taylor is terrific . Movie purists will probably hate me for this but I loved the ending which made much more sense to me than the first one . The DVD is exquisite by the way ... the sound effects are incredible and never drown out the dialogue . This HAUNTING is a fun-house version of Shirley Jackson 's novel - a couple of jolts along the way , scary sounds , things that go bump in the night sort of stuff - no real terror but a fun 2 hours in a haunted house . And Catherine Zeta-Jones looks so good throughout , that alone would be worth the price of the movie !
 I gave this 5 stars because that is what this site makes the highest rate . I actually give 100 stars . Anybody who reviewed this as a dumb movie are nothing but dumb themselves . This movie is a classic . The 1963 version sucked big time . This remake is nothing less than a classic . The special effects are unbelievably incredible.Lily Taylor is in the role of ELEANOR `` NELL '' VANCE . I though did a great job playing the part . You sort of felt sad for her.Catherine Zeta-Jones is in the role of THEO . The role was definitely for her . She was excellent in this role . She has to be the most beautiful actress I 've ever seen.Owen Wilson is in the role of LUKE SANDERSON . This guy gets under my skin badly , but I did like him in this . He did a good job playing this role.Liam Neeson is in the role of DR. DAVID MARROW . I do n't think he 's that much of a good actor . He was okay in this role . I wish that would have gotten somebody better do this role.This is movie that should be watched carefully before criticisms are made . A lot of people say this movie was dumb . They do n't know how to watch movies carefully . Nobody should miss this movie .
 Okay . You have two movies here that many critics and customers want to compare . We have the original `` The Haunting , '' impeccably filmed in 1963 in black and white by the talented director Robert Wise . The stars were Julie Harris , Claire Bloom , Richard Johnson and Russ Tamblyn . One can not help but admit that this version is superior to the remake on a psychological level . Also you ca n't do better than Ms. Harris or Ms. Bloom . It was a frightening movie and one I remember from my childhood days.Now , on the other hand , here in the 21st Century , we have Jan DeBont 's remake of `` The Haunting . '' Would people have wanted DeBont to do what they did with the remake of `` Psycho ? '' Filmed it exactly ? We know how `` Psycho '' fared , do n't we ? Anyway , I found the special effects , scenic design , and sound effects mind-boggling and fun . Sure , we see MORE in this film , but is that wrong ? If you do n't compare the remake to the original , you may have a better time . I was disappointed in Liam Neeson 's lifeless performance , and Lili Taylor is no Julie Harris . Owen Wilson was rather annoying in his role , but Catherine Zeta-Jones was the surprise star . Sure , they updated her and made her look like a tart . But what a tasty tart . And along with her incredible beauty , she brings a lot of life and vitality to the spooky surroundings . And were n't Bruce Dern and Marian Seldes a hoot as the creepy caretakers?So , the plot is much different than original , and the ending lacks the psychological/emotional impact of the 1963 version . But I had a good time throughout the movie , and do n't think it 's fair to compare such different movies . Apples and oranges . But , if you have an open mind a good bowl of popcorn , I think you 'll have fun .
 The story here is centered around Eleanor , a young woman who 's led a repressed life and wants to start a new one . When a mysterious person calls and offers her the chance to be part of an experiment for insomniacs , she readily agrees and goes to Hill house , where the experiment will take place . Hill House is an extraordinary mansion with huge halls , gothic statues , and dark paintings . It is there she meets the other two insomniacs
 I was baby-sitting at someone 's house the other day and decided to watch Cable TV -LRB- since I do n't have it at home -RRB- . I was flipping through the channels and found HBO , which was playing this film , THE HAUNTING . I missed like , the first half of it . But from what I saw , I thought this was excellent and I ca n't wait to rent it so I can watch the whole movie . I felt as though THE HAUNTING was a very underrated film , because it really was pretty amazing . I 'm a fan of horror movies , and even though I rarely ever get scared , I still thought this was a good movie and other people out there might get freaked out by it.It 's about four people who are asked to come to this old mansion to do experiments with the supernatural . If you did n't like this movie , you should at least give credit for the special effects and the settings , which were absolutely stunning and breath-taking . The acting from the entire cast , I gave an A + . This film stars Liam Neeson -LRB- STAR WARS - EPISODE I
 Great movie for the home theater system.Make sure you get the DTS version!Highly recommended !
 Not so much scary as it is interesting , however some decent performances keep you involved . The story is a little drug out , as this could have been much better at 90 min . as opposed to its 115 min . run time worth seeing never the less .
 This is an excellent movie . I really enjoyed it . -LRB- ... -RRB- If you have n't seen this movie , see it . The best time to watch this is alone at night ; better yet with a friend . `` THE HAUNTING '' delivers lots of thrills and a very good , but sad ending . `` THE HAUNTING '' is about Hill House , a mansion that hides a dark and terrible secret . Dr. Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , fascinated by the house 's history , decides to lure three unsuspecting subjects -- Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- , Nell -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- , and Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- -- to the mansion for a what-appears-to-be harmless experiment that goes completely haywire .
 THE EERIE whispers surrounding you -LSB- DTS or Dolby Surround version -RSB- once the `` children '' come out to play is something you can not experience in the theatre . It 's a spectacular effect and causes an instant kneejerk , especially when viewing this alone , lights out , and maybe just a small glow in your fireplace . I 'm not going to pinpoint this for you , but you ca n't miss it - so there ! -LSB- Yes , there is a SHAMELESS flaunting with Special Effects and CGI present in this one , and it works ! -RSB- Jan de Bont 's version is a seat puckering roller-coaster ride though this never-never land for the adult kid ! Strange though , the macabre , wedding-cake of a house is real , but looks fake ! Eugenio Zanetti 's sets , fake though they are , come to life ominously , especially the wonderful things in the green house - it 's very much like a good , video game.Performances ? LILI TAYLOR , so underrated , and still purposefully avoiding commercial traps
 This movie was one of the first movies I watched on DVD and I did not read the novel `` The Haunting of Hill House '' . That said , I found the movie interesting in the beginning , slow in the middle and action packed at the end.The setting was beautiful and the house had a great gothic look to it , but maybe the house overshadowed the characters some ? The movie centered around one nervous character finding out who she really is and then defeating the bad guy at the end . The other actors were just innocent by-standers through most of the movie which hurt the film.I gave it four stars because of Zeta-Jones and the setting itself . This is not a terrible movie , but it could have been so much more .
 I went to a sneak preview of this movie when itcame out last July and I loved it ! I read the book before I went to have a background of what to expect , but the book and the movie are not really that similiar . I loved this movie because I love haunting movies , scary stuff that makes the audience scream . This one does it , though at the end it is a little far fetched I have to admit , but overall I thouroughly enjoyed this movie . The acting leaves something to be desired on many occasions , however , but a movie like this you do n't go to see because of the acting . Four Out Of Five .
 This is a great ` B ' movie.There is no real comparison with the first one -LRB- 1963 -RRB- . That one was an intellectual haunted house story . This one is just juvenile.The idea that the Dudleys , man and wife caretakers , could take care of a forty acre lawn as well as a monstrous castle by themselves struck me as hilarious . `` No one from the town will come here '' she says.After the catastrophic damage in the house , I really felt for the Dudleys.The picture was just fun .
 It is about this haunted house that these people go and stay a
 This movie consists of a great cast/crew and is of top-notch quality . The music is great , the story is great , acting , effects , etc. ... It is n't horror , but it makes you think and it is entertaining.And when I grow up , I think I want to buy `` The Gates of Hell ''
 I first rented THE HAUNTING after its release in 1999 and was extremely impressed with the state of the art special effects . It managed to capture the essence of the original movie released in 1963 based on Shirley Jackson 's novel , THE HAUNTING ON HILL HOUSE . I recently purchased it and somehow was not impressed as the first time -LRB- somewhat like a roller coaster ride , it 's always the best the first time around -RRB- , it seemed somewhat dated and lost in translation but still retained many other fine qualities . Lili Taylor did a believable job as the neurotic , insecure , and hypersensitive Nell but let 's face it , no one could ever compare to the superb performance of Julie Harris . As the saying goes `` it was an evil house from the beginning , a house that was born bad '' . Dr. Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- conducts a number of experiments involving the supernatural by using 3 subjects , Nell -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- , Theo -LRB- Cathrine Zeta Jones -RRB- , the condescending , superficial fashion plate who 's clairvoyant , and Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- , the boy nextdoor who 's in it for the ride -LRB- a spooky one -RRB- . Nell is particularly drawn to the house , summoned by the very spirits who inhabit the house . She holds the key which will unlock the mysteries to Hill House , forbidden to the outside world . This adaptation could never compare to the original movie which has more atmosphere . There is something about black and white and low tech movies that captures the essence , the marrow itself . Hill House is alive , breathing , morphing , you can feel its very blood flowing through the walls , the pipes , its very foundation , the uncontrollable evil that thrives on good . So prepare yourself , be scared , you 've been warned .
 I did n't see the original 1963 version , or read the original book so I did n't have a pre conceived notion of what this movie was supposed to be and I really enjoyed it alot . The house is spectacular , the story is brilliant and I thought it was great fun to watch , and was fully entertained , and thats why I watch movies : -RRB-
 Man I really liked this movie mainly because of the set designand the big budget special effects . It is based on the Shirley jacksonnovel which i am in the process of reading . I rented the original Haunting from 1963 it was ok the first hour was really good but the second hour it was kinda boring . But this came out and had to see it.The cast is first rate including , Liam Neeson , Lilly Taylor , Owen Wilson and Cathrine Zeta-Jones . All of which do there best but really the characters are underdeveloped which is a shame because if it had a better developed characters and still the same special effects it would probably gone over with critics alot better . But what we have fills the bill but it nedds some improvments .
 I seen this movie too many times to get scared . But I enjoy it each time . I also enjoy watching the special features . The house that they filmed this movie in was really haunted . The movie crew kept seeing , feeling , and hearing things . They also talked about different haunted places in the special features . If you are into haunted movie 's you do n't want to pass this movie up .
 I feel that the remake of The Haunting is especially underated by dedicated fans of the original film . There is no question that this film has been updated and is overwhelmed by special effects , computer graphics and elaborate sets . I believe they really made an effort to put on a good show and had their hearts in the right place . I also think they succeded in creating a good film with an updated and plausible plot as well as lots of all the right atmosphere.I also felt that the cast put on a very good performance which lived up to the quality of the original film . Lili Taylor , Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta-Jones , and Owen Wilson are all fine actors . Lili Taylor was a great Nell , Catherin Zeta-Jones was beautiful as always -LRB- lucky Michael Douglass -RRB- and Owen Wilson was a good stand-in for Luke . I especially enjoyed Liam Neeson 's performance and felt he added some class to the film -LRB- our old Jedi Master -RRB- . Let 's try to remember that movie standards have changed since the 60 's and enjoy this well intentioned and well budgeted movie for all it is worth .
 A film that is absolutely recommended for the entrepeneur of parapsychology . Herein , is described actual manifestations of spechtral activity , brought to life to be actualized in a past story bent from the 60 's , in a classic remake of this wonderful film based upon several visitors to this old house in order to determine whether or not it is haunted . However , in this presentation , modern effects are used to accentuate those scenes which were left to the imagination before - although it is questionable whether or not these were a positive inclusion or a negative . Personally , I would side with the original , in keeping with the perceptions of the originator of the horror genre , as it is ultimately more mystical or `` creepy '' , if the various ghostly manifestations were left to the imagination . Still , it must be expressed that the effects created for this film are up to CGI callibre . I would side with the original Myself , in that the scenes are left to be personally experienced for the deeper experience of a haunting . Actually , I believe actual parapsychologists were consulted for the manifestation of the details of ghostly apparitions . And it is well done.Dr . Marrow is assigned to caretake over several participants in an experiment in sleep deprivation , which hold various personality traits which serve to ultimately accentuate the atmosphere . There is a sensitive personality , who has been sheltered all her life while taking care of her mother , who eventually becomes an avatar of the forces in the house ; another who is an adventurous sort , a brunette bisexual lovely ; & others who fill the other various traits such as the jock -LCB- who resembles ` Flash Gordon ' -RCB- ; & the doctor who initially summoned them all forth . Interestingly , two of the entrants dissappeared from the movie completely , never to be seen again.They all eventually discover that the house to be haunted , by a deranged former owner whose spirit has possessed the house so thuroughly that his essence permeates the property completely , to the point where his very essence , or `` soul '' manifests in the very beams , the ceiling , the furniture , & the furnishings thereof , which by & by shows itself in various manners , to the horror of the inhabitants .
 An awesome movie ! It keeps you guessing and on the edge of your seat ... Scary but realistic and ending was well worth watching the whole movie .
 I understand that this was based on the classic book by Shirley Jackson 's '' The Haunting of Hill House '' which is an excellent book . May I suggest that those who love ghost stories read Shirley 's Book . The original Movie titled `` The Haunting '' that was released in the early ' 60 's , stared Julie Harris and Claire Bloom . It was done in black and white and was very effective for it 's time in moving it 's audience . I highly recommend seeing this version also . Now , this new updated version has hit the screen with great effects , great scenery and vivid color for the modern era . Yes , it to stands alone and is very effective for it 's time . I do n't feel any of the three medias should be compared . They all stand alone on their own and all should be enjoyed . So I highly recommend that if one enjoys chills up one 's spine , they should go out and rent or buy all three versions and enjoy one wonderful experience after another .
 This was such a good movie . The sets were beautiful , the actors were very real . Lili Taylor was phenonemal in this ! It did not deserve the beating it got from critics AT ALL !
 I went to the theater to see this movie & I thought it was great . I really liked the special effects . Now the chemistry between the actors/actresses could 've been better . I reaally liked the set too . I just thought everything about the movie was great . I ca n't believe that people whom have seen it are giving it bad reviews .
 I thought the movie was excelent , the grafics and visual effects were outstanding , And talk about a dream house , if any body has any concept of archetechtrial design , this house would make lynnette jennings mouth water . I would love to own this house , ghosts or no ghosts i would live there . it 's a must own movie ... clev.oh
 I admire three people there in this film , Lili Taylor , Catherine Zeta Jones , Liam Neeson who have done great jobs with their actings . Catherine 's performance was not overpowering and she is really beautiful , Lili is pretty and sexy in certain circumstances . We can have all these good three people in this movie , what can we ask more ! Buy this DVD movie , the best is to play it with Dolby 5.1 which will bring you an EXCITING haunting feeling !
 THIS MOVIE WAS AWESOME ALOT OF THE ACTORS ARE YOUNG , I LOVED THE EFFECTS , FOR A OLDER MOVIE IT HAD SOME AWESOME UPGRADES . I AM SO GLAD I OWN IT .
 I must say I 've always enjoyed this movie , but I 've also heard how it in no way measures up to the original 1960 's version ; all I can say is I prefer this version!Since so many people seem to trash this movie in favor of the original , I decided to rent the original and was unimpressed . My mother left half way through the movie due to boredom and I ended up fast-forwarding through the second half for the same reason . When you start off with a totally unstable `` Eleanor '' -LRB- and the actress was way over the top from the get-go -RRB- there is nowhere for the performance to go . But Taylor 's `` Eleanor '' in this update started off fragile and just gradually broke down.The effects are good throughout and I actually find this version creepier than the original . The set pieces are huge and gorgeous , and the little wooden cherubs throughout Eleanor 's bedroom just kind of freak me out . I like the interaction between the actors . Wilson plays his normal cocky character and Zeta-Jones is a little over the top , but fun . The caretakers are a kick . The ending really makes no sense , and plot holes abound , but I just find this a fun movie.Is it a great movie ... no . Is it fun every once in a while ... yes .
 On the surface , this movie has everything it needs to place it in the horror section of any video store , and admittedly , it is not scary at all . But something made me wonder if it was really meant to be scary or was it just a story with a few classic horror elements included to support the storyline . This had all the feel of an old Scooby Doo cartoon , and I love it for that . It never even really felt like the intent was to scare us . This is just a fun movie . I loved all the characters , least of which -LRB- although I liked her somewhat -RRB- was Theo . A little too bouncy and bubbly for her age , but she is CZJ , so she is forgiven . A few jump scares and they even managed to formulate a PG-13 decap . The CGI was a bit -LRB- a bit ??? -RRB- over the top . But I loved the story . Enough to forgive a little too much CGI and a few cheesey lines . It wo n't make you piss yourself , but if you are a fan of the actors - and I am - it 's a great movie to own .
 I personally love this movie but , the very odd thing is . It wo n'tplay in my DVD player . Both the disc and the player were bought in the us , and it says that it is incompatible with my player !!! I was just wondering if anyone had any problems with Dreamworks Films , the movie Gothika and RCA Single Disc DVD players ! Thanks !!!
 I do n't know why everyone is so hard on this movie . I did n't find it terribly scary either , but it does have an intriguing story and great special effects . I have n't read the book and to be quite honest I do n't care if the movie follows the book or not .
 Eleanor Lance is called to meet at Hill House for Dr. Marrow 's sleeping disorder studies , along with three other people . The owners of the house tell them that no one will be around and that they wo n't be able to hear them . The first night they all sit around and talk . Eleanor tells them that her sleeping disorder is different because she can sleep it is just that she wakes up because she thinks her dead mom is still living with her . Well that is n't the case now because she is woken one night in the Hill House bedroom by talking childrens voices asking her for her help . At first scared by the voice , she learns to avoid them . Later , the group finds out that Dr. Marrow is not using them for sleeping disorders but a test in fear . The fear is first thought to be fake but eventually turns real when loud noises are heard and objects start to move . Now they must try an escape the house before they are all killed . I enjoyed it . The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump .
 The Film
 if you want to give your new home theatre setup with the new subwoofera great workout , then this is one of the dvd 's to get , preferably DTS5 .1 if you can , the plot as it is pretty ordinary , the acting even more so , the soundtrack , great , 4 stars for the soundtrack ,
 I love this movies . The next thunder storm put this DVD in and tell me that you do n't get the willys ...
 First of all , I might mention that I think Catherine Zeta-Jones is one of the most beautiful women in the world , if not the most beautiful . That might be part of my great experience . . : -RRB- I found this movie to be very eerie and it really got to me . Some of the scenes were just fantastic , and the special effects were excellent . Not even the people who put this movie down can argue with that . Part of the creepiness is the fact that you can hear these childrens voices all the time . VERY creepy in fact ! The movie is n't gory in any way , and if you like mayhem you might not like this movie , but if you like chills -LRB- like me -RRB- ... It 's a given success !
 This movie reminds me of when me and my dad used to watch it together its not that scary but I love this movie the story line is cool too
 I purchased this film because I saw it listed online as one of the top ten scariest movies over the last twenty years but I could n't find it in any of the stores . My teenage daughter was impressed by the effects concidering the age of the movie and enjoyed the storyline . She said it reminded her of Stephen Kings `` Rose Red '' . I would recomend this film to eerie ghost movie watchers everywhere .
 This movie is just a fun spooky time . Special effects r sometimes laughable but is forgiven easily with a strong storyline . Owen Wilson does lighten up the movie with a few if his quirky lines . It makes u lose ur head ... lol overall great movie u can watch over and over again .
 I enjoy hauting movies with a good story line . This provided both . It was not scary though and it was not gruesome in comparison to others . The ending proved somewhat vague .
 I think that this was the best movie ever made . I have seen it countless time and it still gives me the chills . Is n't that what horror movies are all about ?
 This DVD has superior picture than the video version . Its a good film of effects and the audio is far superior on DVD . I thought it sounded smooth and clear and dialog is easily heard . Hugh Crane haunted the house with spookier sounds that were unnoticed on video or in most theaters . I love films , but I am not that picky on the tech spects , but if you want to own this film , get DVD . It rules , and its easy to use for anyone who likes movies .
 Catherine Zeta Jones and Owen Wilson star in this creepy thriller ! This is one scary story of a haunted house that wont rest ! Its not like House on Haunted Hill where the house locks you in , this one is just trying to scare you to death while you reside in it ! Watch this movie !
 If you like super-natural mysteries , then you 'd like this film . It is technically a horror film , but it 's really not that frightening -LRB- though there is a scene in the movie that made my mother jump about three feet -RRB- , and as a result , is not for people that watch horror films for the fright . As a mystery , however , it is really quite good , and deserves to be watched over and over , just so you can find all the hidden clues for the answer at the end .
 This is , of course , not much like the orginal -LRB- which I still think is better -RRB- , but has some good effects and a decent story . I have it , but I bought the original first . This is a Hollywood story . The original is more believable . Watch them both .
 With the deluge of blood and guts that struts across our screens this movie was a refreshing treat . One particular scene made us jump out of our seats and then laugh at eachother for several minutes . The casting for this movie was great . The storyline development was great . The set was extrordinary . Perhaps a little too much computer annimation , hence the 4 stars .
 It 's a pretty good movie ! It 's more a kids movie , a kids horror movie , those children who Eleanor must save . My 9 year old sister watched it either and she likes the movie either . The ending whas a little weak but overall it 's great . Rating
 I bought the DVD version of this movie and watched it yesterday . It really is quite a good film but I had the volume up very loud and almost blew the windows out . The L > F > E track is very deep bass and is guaranteed to scare you out of your wits . Hill House is creepy and beautiful and the cast was excellent . Watch on a rainy night in the dark for the best experience !!!
 Either way you 're having a good time watching this movie . I was more entertained than haunted watching this movie , which is hard to do either way . Two simple facts that know you 're making a right choice for this movie . # 1
 I 'll be one of the few people who will say that I preferred the remake over the original version . I 've seen the original version of `` The Haunting '' on TCM . I was n't too impressed by what I saw . I absolutely adore the '90s remake . Too bad this movie did not do as well as `` The Blair Witch Project '' back in ' 99 . Personally I liked both movies but as for overall fun , `` The Haunting '' was better while `` The Blair Witch Project '' was better at suspense but a bit too predictable at the end of the movie for my taste.Normally I do n't dig over-the-top special effects like what I saw in this movie but I did . I thoroughly loved the scenes involving Lili Taylor 's character Nell being tormented by the spirit of the deceased owner of the house , especially the scenes in her bedroom . Another favorite scene involved Liam Neeson when he was alone in that garden room with that water fountain and the statue comes alive and tries to drown Liam 's character . Without giving too much away , I thought it was a bit too predictable the way Owen Wilson 's character bought the farm but that scene made me cringe in my seat , and still does to this day . I will always love this movie . It is one of the few movies that thoroughly entertains me to this very day .
 Dr. Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- went to the haunted `` Hill House '' together with three other People , included Eleanor -LRB- Lilly Taylor -RRB- , a bisexual Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta Jones -RRB- and Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- . Everything seemes harmless ... at the beginning of course . But it is n't ! Strange things happening to the Guests of the `` Hill House '' ! Children are talking to them , Statues are moving and bloody footprint are leading them to mysterious places ! All this is happening most of all to Eleanor . She is seeing things . Things that nobody else cans see ... This is a hillerious Ghost-Story with breathtaking Special Effects and a just perfect `` Hill House '' !!! Buy this DVD but beware
 The Haunting was a good movie . It has plenty of really great effects that you will find amazing . Directing and acting was not very good with only a few exceptions and maybe the rating I am giving it is too high but I think it deserves more than two and a half stars . It is going to scary some people , although it 's not so scary for horror movies fans . The original version of ` The Haunting ' is also very good and I totally recommend it .
 I think that : the haunting was not such a bad film to take less than four.I am a big fun of horror films and i think that this film was impressive for his effects and of course his scenario ... -LRB- We must consider this element also !! Not just blood and blood ... -RRB-
 Finaly a good remake , its not as good as the original but still a must see with some breathtalking special-effects ! Lilly Taylor in one of her best roles yet and a well acting Catherine make this picture an unbelievable one ! It doesn fright you as much as the `` old Haunting '' because you see `` animated '' ghosts in the remake ! In the original you dont see ghosts at all and thats much scarier ! Its an intertaining movie which I saw about 12 times and I never get enough of it ! A must see for every fan of the ghosthouse-stories ! With some good Special Features !!! And an ugly , frog-looking-like ghost called `` Hugh Craine ''
 This movie had the most potential of any movie I 've ever seen , however , somewhere , someone messed up . I like this movie , however . It offers a creepy escape on a Friday night.Final verdict
 As most of the other titles in my DVD-collection , this is a horror movie and such films wo n't win that many Oscars . This is n't a complicated or `` deep '' movie , if you want something like that you should look elsewhere . This is more of a scary , `` cuddle-up-together-with-your-sweetheart-movie '' - and as such it 's great . `` The Haunting '' is a film that should be watched late at night with the lights turned down low and the sound turned up a bit and if your setup lacks Dolby Digital , it just is n't the same -LRB- this is the movie that made me buy a Pioneer DTS/DD surround system - it actually gets kind of corny without surround.As I mentioned earlier , this movie is n't very deep when it comes to the plot , but a movie that really takes advantage of the DVD-system - the picture is crisp and clear with great detail while the sound knocks you out -LRB- mainly with the massage you 'll get from the subwoofer -RRB- and scares the socks of you -LRB- I got goosebumps at the Dreamworks logo before the movie even had started -RRB- with all the ambient sounds , loud sudden cracks , sounds of lost souls etc.Even if you 're not the greatest fan of scary movies , this is a great product to use when you 're showing of your home entertainment system - it clearly shows the advantages of separate surround channels .
 I thought this movie was very good . Granted it is PG-13 , but it had much more tense situations than that rating would bely . I loved the special effects . They were similar to ` The Mummy ' . The fluid effects on the curtains and the face in the dust are astounding . I felt this movie did suffer from a lack-luster script but the effects increased its appeal . This was a good movie and is not one for your youngins . It is filled with scary moments .
 I saw the original and this movie is just as good . That is really rare . Most re-made versions arent as good . I liked the actors and the special effects are great . I will be first on-line to buy this movie when it comes out . Dont hesitate to see this movie , as well as the original of course .
 this is the only scary movie that I have ever liked . the characters are well played . you cant stop watching it . . keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time . .
 This is a good movie with a star packed cast . With many twists and turns you never know what is going to happen next . Love It
 An all-star cast makes this suspenseful thriller fun to watch . It is not a ` realistic ' thriller by any means , but it 's a fun story with plenty of eye candy .
 This is one movie I would watch over and over again . The story is great . the suspense is great without alot of blood and guts . As it says in the movie &#34; makes a great bedtime story &#34; .
 `` The Haunting '' is one of the lamest attempts at creating a horror story I 've ever seen , but in terms of funhouse style and visual effects , Jan de Bont has created a haunted house with style , elegance , and even some terror . The sequence of events never really takes hold as it should , and like de Bont 's previous film , `` Twister , '' it 's merely an outlet for the visual effects . But that does n't mean one ca n't have fun with the film.The central story centers around a psychiatrist , Dr. David Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , inviting three unsuspecting strangers to a haunted house under the guise that they are participating in an experiment on insomnia . There 's Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- , a typical guy who starts running after the charms of Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- , the bisexual jetsetter who has a unique zest for life . And then there 's timid little Eleanor -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- , whose fragile feelings will become the centrifuge for the many bizarre occurrences during their stay.Once in the house , things begin to go bump in the night . Their first night in the house provides a very chilling atmosphere , as strange and inexplicable poundings on walls and bedroom doors begin waking Nell and Theo from sleep . This is quite an experience for any audience who enjoys a good theater jolt
 I truly enjoyed this movie . I 'd seen the original at least a decade ago , but I did n't remember it too well so while watching this newest version , I did n't find myself comparing it to the older and was able to enjoy it . The story was well written and easy to follow . The actors were enjoyable to watch , but I was most surprised to find Lily Taylor in the lead role . I 'm so used to seeing her in independant films , I almost had a a pang of disappoint that she was in a mainstreams hollywood film . But she did do a great job!What I most enjoyed about the film was the breathtaking scenery . The sets were absolutly amazing ! So much care was taken into detail and craftsmanship . Sometimes as I watch the movie I find myself focusing on the sets rather than the movie . Although this movie is labeled a `` horror '' film , it did n't terrify me , but it did scare me . I appreciate this film because of the amazing special effects and the set design .
 Public warning
 This movie was visually stunning , due to the large amounts of special effects . The special effects make the movie fun to watch . The character development was OK , maybe a B - , the plot was a C , but the effects were an A . It averages out to a B , which is the perfect rating for this movie . Even though this movie kept me on the edge of my seat when I first watched it , I would definately watch the original over this -LRB- not saying this on was bad at all -RRB- .
 This movie was great ! Though not very scary , the director , Jan de Bont did a bang-up job on it . The film has hardly any bloopers in it , and the special effects are fantastic . The plot is great and creepy , the actors/actresses give a knock-out performance and the movie is above all , GOOD ! Not to mention , along with the constant cold temperature felt by the characters , and the swaying drapes , and the scary noises heard by Huge Crane -LRB- bad guy -RRB- the movie is actually if watched in the dark for the very first time ... SCARY ! The part where the skeleton lurches out of the fireplace made me jump . The slamming doors , the moaning echoes , the brilliant score conducted by Jerry Goldsmith , all give this movie the perfect touch to be allowed in the horror section .
 I liked this movie , it had some realy good special effects and a good story line , it is mildly scary but not nearly as scary as i thought it would be , and some parts were predictable . I think it could have been made a little better , but its entertaining and definatley worth seeing .
 This film is not ONE BLOODY FOURTH as bad as all these reviews say so !! It had an excellant,well-thought out plot , and SUPERB visual effects , and wonderfully gothic location.To say this film includes no scares is a LIE.Especially towards the beggining , and half-way through.The film is n't exactly terrifying , but it 's enough to give you the chills.The speacial effects are extremely well-imagined . Towards the beggining , it is very ominous , but towards the end , i 'd say it 's more of supernaturl action-movie . A superbly acted classic.p.s-The ending , in my opinion , was more satisfying than the 1963 version .
 This is a good horror flick . It 's classic because just of the essence of it . It 's modern because of the acting and the actors . This is a good one to watch . No sticking knives in people , no satanic stuff . The part was freaky was at the end . I wo n't tell ya !! I do n't wan na ruin it . You will just have to see it for yourself ! buy it . . I did !!
 I think this was a great movie ! One heck of a great ghost story . Spooky without all the gore . The actors played their parts well and the set was quite creepy . Only a couple of things I felt they should have done without in the movie , which is why I do n't give it a full 5 stars . I still HIGHLY recommend it !
 I thought this was a very good movie and am quite surprised to see so many negative reviews of it . I am a horror fan and a Shirley Jackson fan , so I am not judging this movie in an intellectual vacuum . It really does not bother me that the makers of this flick took Jackson 's basic premise and went in a completely new direction with it . It would be all but impossible to dramatize Jackson 's original novel theatrically because the bulk of the story lies in the emotions , thoughts , and fears of the characters , especially Eleanor . I felt that the film did a very good job of portraying the sad isolation and fragile emotions of Eleanor , and I liked the portrayal of the other characters . Catherine Zeta Jones is wonderful as the complex Theo . With the exception of one short scene , Lili Taylor was a more than adequate Eleanor . The special effects , with the exception of a short hair-brushing scene , are excellent and well done ; they do not , in my opinion , take precedence over the story but richly add to the atmosphere of the house . The ghostly manifestations are appropriately creepy , tastefully restrained , and wonderfully subtle in detail . The only flaws I found in the movie are probably the result of time constraints ; more time was needed in order to adequately explain Eleanor 's growing obsession with the house and her acceptance of the impressions coming from the spirits of the children `` trapped '' in the house . The turning point , where Eleanor comes to understand the evils Hugh Crain committed in the house and magically discovers the existence of a second Crain wife , does not make adequate sense based on the facts shown to the viewer and thus cries out for further elucidation . The ending of the film is slightly unsatisfying yet somehow seems right and appropriate . While this movie is not really scary and does not reflect the much richer storyline of Jackson 's original novel , it nonetheless strikes me as a surprisingly good , enjoyable movie , head and shoulders above most other films in the horror/suspense genre .
 This movie is filled with great special effects and a storyline to put it all together , although the acting is a somewhat bad at points in the movie ; I found The Haunting to an intriguing , and exciting movie .
 If you like very low sound , I really mean low , with a subwoofer , then buy this one . You can impress your friends by seeing this movie at midnight . This DVD is so real you do n't want to sleep after watching .
 In the years of slasher and person-gone-psycho films , with slit throats and sliced up bodies , this movie was a relief . I felt like running up to director Jan de Bont and giving him a great big hug for giving us a film that delivers to us a psychological storyline instead of nothing but blood and guts . Who really needs it ? The most blood and guts I 've ever seen in a movie is Braveheart , and that was acceptable to me because it was historic . This movie is very commendable for its special effects , its high-talent acting , and top-notch crew . The DVD version is very well-crafted , with two theatrical trailers , bios , and a making-of featurette . The Dolby soundtracks are stock-piled with scary sounds and crystal clear booms and shatters . The images are sharp and bursting with color . If you need a break from blood , then get this one - it 's a winner .
 The Haunting brings to the screen the story of a scientist who decides to carry out an experiment on Fear in an old and rather scary 19th Century mansion . The participants , however , believe that they are taking part in a study on Insomnia . Things become a bit more complicated when the residence turns out to be crawling with restless ghosts , who seem to recognize one of the visitors ... The film does a GREAT job of conveying the eerie feeling one looks for in a thriller.Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta-Jones , Owen Wilson , Lili Taylor , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least . All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows -LRB- the chemistry is AMAZING -RRB- ! The plot , the setting , the dialogues , the special effects , and the music are all EXCELLENT!In conclusion , The Haunting is a movie guaranteed to provide an evening 's entertainment and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!It is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it 's over .
 A group of adults locked up in a house haunted by the most evil ghost makes for a superb thriller .
 I loved the Haunting because it was just the kind of movie that gave me goosebumps before it got to any scary parts . You can just TELL when there is a pop out action part , or a very sad thing is going to happen and surprise you!It is just the kind of movie that freaks you out and puts you into tears at the same time!I love it and you will to !
 The `` Haunting '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- was an outstanding combination of editing , cinematography , special effects , and sound effects wrapped into one film . The directors clearly kept the viewer in suspense for the entire film , creating a thrilling suspense story revolving around Nell -LRB- Taylor -RRB- This is definately a film I will add to my collection .
 I do n't care what all those other people say , this movie ROCKS !! I have not read the book , but even if I had , I would still say this rocks . It has so much suspence and horrific scenes that scare you stupid you 'll be curled up in a little ball by the end of it . A doctor interested in the effects of fear and it 's symptoms calls apon a group of people , telling them that he wants to help them with their sleeping disorders . But instead , they find out that he is actually studing fear , which is going to be perfect for the horror which is soon to take over them within Hill House .
 Which is why I bought it . It is a cute movie with some cute noises .
 I bought this to replace the VHS version I had that had seen better days . This movie wo n't win any awards but as horror movies go it was n't bad . It has a talented cast and I enjoy watching it from time to time .
 I really enjoyed the remake of this movie . I thought it was well directed with great effects in it . It was more intense then the original . I think if you are a scary movie buff and enjoy a good ol fashion ghost storie this movie is a must see .
 This was a very good , lavishly entertaining with special effects , making it extroadinary . This is a special effects extravaganza , and I ca n't wait till July 23 to buy this DVD . It is one of the best special effects films of the 1990s , besides The Matrix and The Mummy .
 Not as scary as it could have been , but I do n't think this version was meant to be . Lili plays Nell , the main character and is the best actor in this film . The house comes alive with ghostly images and draws you in as if you were one of the guests . Well done ! Do n't listen to the critics . See this one and judge for yourself .
 This movie is very cool ! DVD is the perfect format to view this movie fully with all his special effect 's and teriffic sound in Dolby Digital EX .
 I saw this movie twice in the theaters . It is a very good popcorn movie and is fun to watch . It is n't scary but the acting is good and the special effects only make it better .
 This was so good . Okay , I give all of The Haunting haters that it WAS N'T scary . But still ! The house was beautiful , the actors/actresses were very good in it ... Lili Taylor was the best one , as usual . She gave a believable performence as Nell , a reclusive shut-in . This movie did NOT deserve the beating it got from critics and viewers alike . So go rent it and you 'll see what I 'm talking about !
 Being a huge fan of the original , I was just waiting to hate this film ... however I must admit that the atmosphere of the orginal has been reproduced by some great effect and some superb camera work . The actors perform quite well , however they do tend to play second fiddle to the effects - and more importantly the house itself -LRB- which is breath-taking -RRB- . As the film progresses the feeling of dread builds to a good climax , which is slighly more upbeat than that of the original ! Nevertheless this film does not deserve the slagging it got in the press and does well to keep up with the black & white version .
 Okay , the story is n't very logical all the time , and there 's not much suspense either , but the amazing dolby 5.1 soundtrack blows you away ! Add to this the fantastic special effects and a few perfectly timed shock-moments - `` The Haunting '' is filmed like a classic horror movie , but it uses state of the art technics to give it a modern look . Not my favorite movie of the year , but definately not the worst one either - give it a chance .
 In this sorry excuse for a Horror movie we see Liam Neelson who lures a group of insomniacs to a Gothic Mansion in the pretext that he will be assessing their various Sleep Disorders . Catherine Zeta Jones is beautiful as always but her character is a bisexual barbituate swallowing fashion victim who thinks that one of life 's necessities is ` sex '' . Poor Catherine states ' Do you ever feel that you are the only one at the party ? '' . Stephen King once stated that ' CHARACTERIZATION is all important in a Horror book or movie . If the viewer likes the characters then he or she will have some empathy with their fate . Sadly none of these people are very likeable and as a result you do n't care about what happens to them . The special effects are -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- very funny . Wood carvings of cherubs seem to come to life . This reminds me of my wild reckless youth where after consuming too much Jim Beam things started to shift and move too . I give this movie 5 stars because Catherine looks so good in it .
 Now I liked the story , but thought it was a bit weak , and I did n't like the ending very well . BUT ... THAT HOUSE !!!! O MY GOD THAT GORGEOUS-GARGANTUAN-GOTHIC HOUSE !!!!!! For any Gothic/Castle/Mansion Lover , YOU MUST CHECK OUT THIS HOUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO LIVE IN ONE LIKE THIS !!!!!!!!! Words can not do this house justice enough !!!!
 This movie was excellant . It was one of the few movies I have ever seen that was truely riviting , and scary . I have seen the old version directed by Robert Wise and there is no comparison . The new movie is great , while the old one is n't worth watching . Do n't believe the editorial reviews . This movie is great . I highly recommend it . The acting is top notch , the effects are gret , the set was awesome , and I have watched it six times already on video and will watch it again as soon as I get my DVD player .
 This was a great movie , I do n't know why so many people hated it . This movie was scary , exciting and always had me on the edge of my seat ! If you did n't like it , I have no idea why . You missed out on a great film . Some people are just to hard to please . Go see this movie . I 'm telling you , you wo n't regret it !
 I can remember watching this movie over and over in high school . It 's not scary to me but the story line is pretty good -LRB- a little cheesy for today 's standard but great in it 's own way -RRB- . More of a thriller than horror movie . All in all I would definitely recommend this movie !
 I 've been reading a lot of the reviews for this movie and most of them are bad . Personally , I really like this movie . It may not be the scariest movie out there but it 's a good movie nonetheless ! I love Lili Taylor and Catherine Zeta-Jones ! I recommend it !
 This is a very old-fashioned haunted house tale given the overblown budget treatment that does n't enhance the story as much as Hollywood would have us think . It 's a fun movie , but it does n't scare or jolt you like it should or could . While I was disappointed with that , I still enjoyed the film for the creepy house which is beautifully designed , and the cast of wonderful actors who are all capable of better work , except for Owen Wilson who just annoys me with his presence . His surfer-dude schtick just grates on you after awhile . Lili Taylor makes this movie all hers inspite of the impressive cast.The film is rather tame in that their is no nudity or sex , and little in the way of gore or violence . I like a spooky film that I can watch with my entire family . I have my daughter , 10 , close her eyes for the one violent scene in the film . Others be warned that one might not want younger kids to see the one death scene at the end , a decapitation , but even that scene is swiftly edited and lacks any real gore or bloodshed , but it is probably how this overall tame film got its `` R '' rating as the rest of the film is purely PG -LRB- not even PG-13 -RRB- . With even better editing , that death scene could have been more suggested than visual and that is the biggest problem with this film
 It was terrifying . I loved it , and thought it had a great story , and wonderful graphics . It 's a cool movie . Rated PG-13 for violence , very , very brief language .
 the graphics were amazing , the actors were well chosing , and i love the end making of the movie . But one thing still bug 's me what happend to that women who 's eye was almost takin off and the guy who went with her .
 The Haunting is a fun and very creative movie . Using the latest technology for sound and visual effects , this movie delivers ! The story is very good , along with the actors , that played their parts very well . I am looking forward to this DVD , especially because of its DTS-ES soundtrack.Thank you
 I understand why there are a lot of people who say that this movie is not very scary . I think that the movie is too slow for that . Because Jan de Bont takes his time before the actual nightmare begins . And I 'm glad he did , because you ca n't start with some gory killings right away . It just would n't be believable . So you have to be patient with this movie . But in the main time , the movie is still very interesting because of the beautiful and scary lookin ' house and the stories they tell about it . Inside the house , everything looks great and big which also gives you the creeps.But there are still some pretty suspenseful scenes which keeps the movie interresting and sometimes you even jump off your chair -LRB- if you have the sound a bit loud , that is -RRB- . `` The Haunting '' also contains some very cool looking effects and sounds which realy makes the house living ! I especialy loved the wooden children who start to live!The performances of Liam Neeson , Lili Taylor , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Owen Wilson are also great and all this makes `` The Haunting '' a movie wihch you just have to see if you have a bit patient and like not very gory horror movies , because this movie hardly has any violent scenes !
 I recently purchased and watched The Haunting on DVD . It was the type of movie which keeps you in suspense , not in horror.Shirley Jackson 's original Novel THE HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE , is brought to life in this rollercoaster of suspense . I was amazed at how hard The Haunting strived , and suceeded to follow the original novel , one of my favorite books . The storyline , which is already difficult to bring to the screen , was done so , with the upmost elegance.The Hauntings special effects were very well done , and thankfully not overblown . The director chose to drive the story based on characters , not based on effects , and that is what always makes a movie .
 When I watched The Haunting I fell in love with it . I fell in love with the plot , the characters , the fact that it made you think , and that it made you sit on the edge of your seat . The casting was WONDERFUL , I 've never seen a better cast . They all played there parts perfectly , like they really were the characters , that 's one of the main reasons why I loved it so much . The fact that they could play there roles so well made it happen for the movie . The story line made you think . In order to understand the movie you HAD to listen and get into it . It made you watch it and pay close attention to the film . It was also scary , very scary and ver suspensful . I love that in a movie . It 's what makes you want to see it again . I could never get enough of it . However even though the story line was wonderful I think it was a little too confussing . You have to see it twice to really understand it . Other than that it was a well made , well acted , well written movie . I would and do highly recommend this to anyone who loves suspense , thrill , mystery , and suspense .
 Very scary and exciting . Probably the best movie of the century
 THIS IS A PERFECT MOVIE TO SEE IF YOU 'RE INTO THE SUPERNATURAL OR SPIRITUAL!DEFINITELY GET THIS!YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU DID!I WATCH THIS OFTEN.THIS IS A VERY TOUCHING STORY.THE CHILDRENS SPIRIT NEEDS TO BE RELEASED.THE ONLY PERSON WHO CAN HELP THEM IS A FAMILY NOW ALIVE FROM A LONG LINE OF DESCENT.THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL STORY!SPIRITS OF THE DEAD CONTACTING A LIVING PERSON OF IMPORTANCE TO THEM BECAUSE THEY KNOW THIS PERSON CAN HELP THEM.THIS STORY REALLY TOUCHED ME.I REALLY BELIEVE THAT CAN HAPPEN.THE MANSION 'S BEAUTIFUL!THIS MOVIE REALLY MAKES YOU WANT TO BE THERE , AND TO HELP THOSE CHILDREN .
 Do n't form an opinion against it merely because Hollywood tells you that you should n't like it . At least in this remake , there 's a believable reason for the house to be haunted instead of `` just because '' as it was with the original . This was scary when I first watched it and there was enough suspense without gore . Granted , it is n't as scary the second time around , but I 've enjoyed it enough to watch it again and again .
 I 'll keep it short -LRB- review of the DTS version -RRB- The DTS 6.1 channel discrete sound contained on this dvd is one of the most impressive sound mixes i have ever heard , it enhances the the effectiveness of the film tremendously.You 'll need a 6.1 DTS receiver and a subwoofer to take advantage of it though.Perfection.The video is the cleanest i have seen in quite some time , the color saturation is striking , flesh tones are accurate , and the scenes at night are genuinely creepy as a result of the dark tint prevailent throughout.I liked it better than the original , the story made more sense , the acting -LRB- especially LT was above average -RRB- , and the pace of the film was just about perfect.Yes the original was great in it 's time , but this one takes it to another level with awesome sound , terrific fx , a solid story , excellent cinematography , and very good acting .
 I 've heard about this movie and it seems creepy . To me is sounds like a good popcorn/friday night movie , not too scary not too dull , just right for the desperate viewer .
 WOW ! Is all I can say . I can honestly say that I agree with every comment that has already been said about this . This * IS * in fact one of the worst movies ever made , * BUT * you have * NEVER * heard one like this before . If you are going to rent or buy it , do n't waste your time with the Dolby Digital version . Get the DTS version . It has SOOOOOOOOOOOO much bass , you need 4 subs , just to do it justice ! The chapters that come to mind are 16 & 17 , there is so much bass in those , you could easily destroy any sub that is not equiped to handle it . It may be the worst movie of all time , but it is certainly worth buying , just for the sound !
 This movie is great ! The story is interesting , and I love the superb acting and special effects . This flick was truly watchable and enjoyable . It will have you glued to your screen ! If you love scary movies , do n't pass up this one !
 I have n't read Shirley Jackson 's novel , but I 've seen the old movie and this one . Compared to the 1963-movie , this one is quite different , at least the story . But I like it . I like the characters , they 're quite similar to those in the original movie . The insecure , nervous Nell -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- , self confident Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- and Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- . The actors are good -LRB- I forgot to mention Liam Neeson as Dr Marrow -RRB- , also the supporting actors , for example Marian Seldes as the creepy Mrs. Dudley.The special effects are impressing and the music is also very good . One thing that feels unnecessary is that the filmmakers seem to have tried to give the movie a creepy , ` haunting ' , feeling too early , even in the end of the first scene , in Nell 's bedroom.I like this movie and I think it 's quite underrated . It has a number of good scenes . The scene with the photo album with the pictures of Hugh and Carolyn Crain is a favorite ... It 's nice to see a good new haunted house movie .
 Most people think that this movie would be a dumb old one . But this was actually a very good one . It starts out with the one woman 's mother dying . Then she goes to this really old house for therapy . There is only onething . This house is cursed bythe soul of a man that has a deadly secret . For it 's pg13 rating , i think that it could of been a regular pg , forit was n't really scary . I hope that this review helps you in any way . I rate this movie a 9/10 .
 This movie is a very good watch and has some very good surprizes in it . If you want a movie that will scare you out of your wits then do n`t get this but if you want a fun horror film then this is the one to get . The special effects were really special and there were one or two frights in it , so overall I liked the movie and recommend it to anyone .
 Personally i loved this movie , it was good because it really made you think about it to understand it and it did n't scare me stiff . I do n't like really scary movies like scream , and this movie is more thrilling then chilling , i love that about it ! also , it has very good special effects , they almost look real!Any way , I very highly recomend this movie !!!
 The entire family had a wonderful evening wathing `` The Haunting '' tonight . The scarriest part about it is that it is so realistic . You feel like you know the people and that you are there in the house with them ! One of the best parts is the Special `` Behind the Scenes '' portion on the DVD . We really enjoyed this part of `` The Mummy '' but this was even better . A movie in itself ! A good movie for a cold winter night -LRB- the kids will certainly join you on the couch ! -RRB-
 What 's with all the bad reviews ? I thought this was a very good movie . Great special effects , exciting , suspenseful , sort of scary , and last but certainly not least , Catherine Zeta Jones . She 's worth 5 stars no matter what ! Lately , a lot of movies have n't impressed me , but this one did . This was one of the better movies of the year .
 Not a typical horror film , it is scary , has some gore , an incredible plot , good characters , and a remarkable ending .
 I thought this one was okay , up to a point . But if there were a couple of glitches than it would be with the person that they got to play Eleanore in the movie since they got the other three characters spot on , but with Nell it became a total pain after a while especially when they thought that she was losing it . I have to say that the special FX were really good as well and you can almost see for yourself where the trouble is going to lead after she figures out what happened in the house and her connection to it . As if that 's not enough , the characters are also dealing with their own fears like claustraphobia and acraphobia and to top it off it also pulls out some poultergeist encounters what with the moving statues , and objects , strange noises , temperature changes and being pulled into things . My personal favorite was the conversation in the music room and the way Neesons ` character gave the history of the house followed by the jolt of nerves from the fireplace when the something in it exploded and he finished telling the story . So it gives off an eerie feel to it to the point where you 're sitting on the edge of your seat . For any who have seen the first movie and poultergeist this gives off a bit of both and still has a bit of humor in it . After seeing this as an adult , I say give it a shot , you wo n't be disappointed .
 movie plays , it arrive on time and just as described . I love how I did n't have to deal with exchanges or returns
 VERY GOOD CLASSIC , THOUGHT I HAD SEEN IT.BUT HAD NOT.ENJOY VERY MUCH WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND.JUST LOVE LIAM NEESON , GOOD ACTING FOR ALL
 This movie was very hard to find and I appreciate the fast service and being able to find a new copy .
 This movie is one of my favorites . It 's like a more modern version of Hell House . It 's graphics are great just like movies made today . Suspenseful .
 I have always loved this movie and I just watched it with my girlfriend . Most of the scenes are creepy and there is n't another movie like this . When I was younger about 9 years old the movie gave me nightmares but as I 'm older I understand the story line and obviously not as afraid . But overall all great movie will always be one of favorite horror movies ...
 I have liked this movie from the first time I saw it . The cast is great and the situation is just spooky enough .
 I got this movie for my stepmom because she asked for it . I remember watching in years ago and enjoying it so I got it for her . Quite spooky but some the the scary is ruined when I think of how much fun they made of this movie in Scary Movie 2
 The plot of this movie is very well written and produced . It takes place mostly is a huge haunted mansion ... wow , what a setting ! It has been filmed with a great cast featuring Catherine Zeta Jones , Liam Neeson and Owen Wilson . Special effects are superb !!!
 The DVD was in excellent condition and played perfectly . The delivery time was extremely fast . And I would recommend the product . If you want to know about the movie , go to IMDB . But I bet you would like it if you gave it a try !
 This is definitely better than HOHH but it was panned severely by critics because of the extreme overdose of CGI and the camp-gothic sets . Like HOHH , it is a remake of the original of the same name . The original Haunting was quite good for it 's day . But let 's be honest ... it 's not it 's day anymore.But what annoyed ME most about this movie was Lillie Taylor 's character . I just did n't like how she whispered every word and was a bit of a weirdo . The ending 's a little corny but some decent frights throughout make up for that.The sound design in the cinema was incredible . It was very scary and you really did feel like there were ghosts behind you and from every other direction . Most impressive indeed.HOHH tried to be quick and frenetic . In doing so it lost character and dialogue . But The Haunting takes a little bit of time to build and in some places is almost a psychological horror . For these ambitions alone , it is better than House on Haunted Hill .
 The Movie was awsome , I liked the Effects , the Loud sounds and the Location of the Movie which was filmed in the Harlaxton Manor in England . the story was good and the environment of the film was the best . a must see . dont ' t axpect to see super hero 's or people with guns and action or the Matrix , cause its just a haunted house story of supernatural . Kind of like Stephen Kings - -LRB- the Shining -RRB- . the next movie ive got ta see , is -LRB- The Haunting on Hill House -RRB- .
 I loved this movie ! I could watch it over and over ! My friend and I watched it I just I love it . IT 's something you should definately watch it 's creepy though .
 I ca n't tell you how many times I 've watched this movie . Spooky , but not at all gory . Suspenseful with a good story , good acting , and lots and lots of eye candy ! :-D I wish there were more movies like this .
 Before I saw this movie I did n't expect much.It looked like another cheesy horror flick , and I have never enjoyed watching cheesy horror flicks -LRB- excepting JAWS , which I think is a triumph-did I say that out loud ? -RRB- But anyway , my older brother started to rave about THE HAUNTING so I agreed to watch the copy my Mum had rented . From the word go I was hooked.The superb acting really struck me , the fear that those actors portrayed was splendid.The special effects had much to be desired , unfortunately , but the gripping storyline made my day.In fact , I was close to tears at the end when Nell and Luke died.The movie provoked so much thought and emotion in me that I had to watch it again , and when I did it was even more clear that THE HAUNTING was an exceptional film .
 People have booed and hissed this second adaption of Shirley Jackson 's truly terrifying novel THE HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE until they 're blue in the face . Stop comparing to the book and the masterwork 1963 adaption and look at this film . Lili Taylor , Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta-Jones , and the guy that played Luke all bring in wonderful performances , even if they lack the character developement that shined in the original movie . The Hill House set creates a substantial amount of suspense and fear , and the script is great , even if it has almost nothing to do with its source material . This is a very suspensful , fluid horror movie that is never boring , always exciting , and moderately scary . The standout is Lili Taylor , who brings a lot to Eleanor and the hysteria that she endures as Hill House tries to claim her . Mrs. Dudley the housekeeper sets the mood nicely , and the computer generated ending is actually not as stupid as the one in the HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL remake , which I heartily recommend . So do n't compare this film to other movies , and enjoy a wonderful treatment of a horror movie from Hollywood . Great score by legendary composer Jerry Goldsmith .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST SPECIAL EFFECT MOVIES EVER AND WITH A GREAT STORY
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST SPEACIAL EFFECT MOVIES EVER AND WITH A GREAT STORIE .
 The `` Haunting '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- was a thrilling masterpiece . It combined editing pace , lighting , incredible sound & cinematography to create a thrilling suspense film . The viewer can not help being drawn into the story of Nell , played by Taylor . While the script is weak in places , the directors make up for it with computer-generated effects and incredible sound effects that leave the viewer wondering what 's around the next corner . The setting -LRB- the castle -RRB- provides an excellent adventure for all . As a kid , I used to wander through abandoned houses at night and get spooked . This brings the fantasy of wandering through an old castle to life . In my opinion , this is a MUST HAVE for any video/DVD library .
 Here it is boys , the haunted house for the insomniacs has opened its doors to your tv set . I , as a horror and fantasy critic , I have found this film quite interesting . The story of a woman who was being called over by the house itself , pretty interesting . The special effects are astoundingly unbelievable and if you have a good surround sound system , then you really must buy this film , it is crazy . All the noises sound so deep and freaky , very cool . The soundtrack itself is , once again composed by my all time favourite composer Jerry Goldsmith and it really makes you believe in ghosts . The house itself is so wonderful and huge , it is not a house , it is a castle . I would probably buy this house if I had 2 billions or so .
 I want to see that movie because i like so much the chicological thrillers.I whould like so much to see that film in my country and with my friends .
 This was an awesome movie ! The cg graphics was excellent and the story was cool !! This has made a super movie for the halloween holiday !!
 I LOVE this movie !! I saw it in the theater at least three times and now own it on DVD . It may not have the pure psychological chills of the original B&W ; version , but it is plenty scary -- far scarier than , say , the pathetic joke that was `` The Blair Witch Project '' , which was released at the same time.If you like a bunch of gratuitous gore , look elsewhere . This movie has real class , and an excellent cast . Bruce Dern and Marian Seldes brief performances set up the piece perfectly . One of my favorite early scenes is where Eleanor -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- echoes Mrs. Dudley 's warnings about no one coming near the house after dark -LRB- when Mrs. Dudley is creepily explaining the situation to Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- . The other characters are excellent as well
 I think this is the type of movie that you have to watch at night in order to be scared . I would n't call it a horror film , but I would n't call it a thriller either . It 's just one of those films that scares you . I thought Liam Neeson was great in this movie , the way he cared for Nell . I thought Owen Wilson did pretty good , Catherine Zeta jones character was a little strange , but still a good character to put in . But Nell played by Lili Taylor was great ! She had a stunning performace ! Now the mansion was simply amazing . I know it was probably just sets but it looked very awesome ! Every room was extremely awesome ! The sets were the best part of the movie!Acting
 I found this movie to be a good scary movie to watch , and im sure all will enjoy the suspence and horror of this movie , it is worth watching and I hope all have fun with it ...
 Perhaps , this video is the best film -LRB- or gift -RRB- for those who like playing computer games and , particularly , computer quests . Visual effects and decor are so real that you can forget you are at home in your favourite armchair . Acting is perfect -LRB- and casting is well thought-out -RRB- ; music is very nice - the whole video demonstrates it is an organic whole . A very good job of professionals in every field . And I do n't agree with those who think it is too slow - otherwise , you would n't be ready to understand and feel the idea and course of action . It is not an ordinary scary movie or thriller - definitely , it is more ... Try it and I think you wo n't be disappointed at all .
 I bought this movie after hearing how creepy it was . I was very surprised how good this movie really was . I really liked the parts with the children calling Elanore to help save them . I am very happy with this movie . Catherine Zeta-Jones is the hottest actor I 've ever seen star in a horror movie ! This DVD is well worth your movie ! : -RRB-
 The genre should have been comedy . This movie was neither scary , nor mysterious or thrilling.The scariest part to me was probably when Liam Neeson got the class stuck in his hand and had to pull it out . I found myself wondering why good actors such as this would actually agree to take part in this sorry excuse for a horror film.The movie has next to no plot , none of the stuff that happened was explained , and the stuff that was supposed to be scary was n't . Oh My God it 's a statue ... let me scream in fear and trip over myself while I 'm trying to run away!Skip this tripe .
 I like haunted house movies and this film is no exception . Yes , it is a `` reimaging '' of the original film and the plot differs a bit from that film . So what ? That is what reimaging is all about.I 'm also interested in paranormal phenomena and how they are depicted in films . The original film was scary because of the sound effects . There are also sound effects in this version AND now we get to see the spirits of the children and the evil Hugh Crane . CGI makes this possible as we see ghostly children outlined in curtains , weird morphed reflections , and a Hill House that literally comes alive and undergoes threatening distortions.I 've watched this film several times since it arrived and have not been bored by it . Liam Nielsen portrays the deceptive scientist well and Catherine Zeta Jones is perfect in the part originally played by Claire Bloom.If you like spook house films , you will not be disappointed by this effort .
 My daughter has been a asking for this DVD from her family for months , and they just always forgot . Of course this movie is very hard to find in stores , so of course I go to the source `` Amazon '' , and you have never failed to supply what I needed . She loves the DVD . So thank you again for being there to help find merchandise that is hard to locate.Carol
 I was very surprised at just how good this movie was . Since , it was made many years ago , I was expecting some less than good special effects . So , I was very pleasantly surprised at just how good the special effects were . The story line is good and the actors all did an excellent job in their roles . I will definitely watch this movie many times .
 I picked this movie up to give my Yamaha 1400 a work out and I was not disappointed . The 6.1 sound is exceptional , including the .1 usage of the sub-woofer . The rear speakers are utilized effectively , and compliment the 5.1 sound . The special effects viewed on a 50 inch widescreen LCD , tied together with a top end sound system make this movie a fantastic viewing experience.While watching , I could sense the taste of the older genre Poe based movies staring Vincent Price ; produced/directed by Roger Corman , with updated special effects -LRB- some reminiscent of Poltergeist -RRB- . Bottom line , if you can suspend your belief in reality and capture the realm of the supernatural , this movie will be unquestionably entertaining to you .
 Wow ! Excellent cast , especially Lili Taylor who gives an outstanding performance . A good `` new-fashioned '' scary movie , good for a lot of goosebumps ! The special effects are great , and all in all the movie really held my attention . I highly recommend it !
 I 'm not really going to compare this to the older version-doing that just makes comparisons , and that makes for a less enjoyable viewing experience if you have pre-envisioned ideas . See this on its own merits . You 'll be happier , trust me.The story is about Dr. Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , a scientist who wishes to conduct a psychological experiment about fear , so he lures three subjects to an old house with the pretense of staging a sleeping-disorder experiment . This is a fairly hollow excuse to have the house be haunted , but it is an excuse , and it does work , so who cares?As far as acting goes , Neeson is in the ` good ' range . He 's not great , but he does pull off his role fairly well . He has to be fairly sympathetic and genial , which he pulls off very well . He also needs to be sinister enough to confuse the audience . This is where Neeson stumbles a little bit . Now , the three ` subjects ' are played by Lilli Taylor , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Owen Wilson . Taylor does a respectable and competent job fleshing out her sensitive , put-upon character Eleanor . At times she seems silly , but usually manages to pull off her character 's melodrama . Zeta-Jones is equally capable as the openly bi-sexual , extroverted Theo . She manages to pull her character off slightly better than Taylor at points . The real stand-out is Owen Wilson , as the cynical joker Luke . His role is a supporting one , but he does a great job.The special effects are very good
 I think that The Haunting is a good scary movie -LRB- as opposed to movies like `` Scream '' -RRB- . Instead of dealing with pyscho people running around in masks , it actually deals with the supernatural which is always fascinating . The movie was cast very well and the special effects are incredible . The ending however , twisted the movie into a theme of bliss , contentment , and nurturing . A good scary movie should leave you with a sense of `` what will happen next ? '' . On the other hand , it would be hard to have a nightmare about it ! All in all , it is a good movie that really screams the theme `` good vs evil '' .
 This movie was actually pretty good . It keeps me entertained , and it is one that I will definitely buy when it comes out on DVD . I especially loved the effects .
 This is a great dvd if you like acoustic blues . The camera work is great and the tunes are classic .
 This DVD is the only one of its kind ! I had failed to find a really great how-to video on spearfishing untill I found this . Its very indepth and has a better look than the other spearfishing videos out there . It is more educational on the sport than just watching professional spearfishers do their stuff and figuring out how to do it by yourself , which would be very dangerious . Thanks for making this video my whole family watched it with me and this was the first one that they actually enjoyed as well . Thanks again !
 This has to be the first instructional DVD that is actually pretty cool to watch . Its like learning how to spearfish from a hip young perspective . I highly recommend it to anyone new to the sport .
 This collection of 5 DVDs contains 20 episodes from the 1954-1955 TV series . I personally like this TV series . Ronald Howard is more personable than most others who have played Sherlock Holmes - more human - but still quirky and particular . In this series , he seems to enjoy being smarter than the other characters , but he does it with more of a sense of humor , rather then being obnoxious about it . Like any TV series , some episodes are better than others , but I found them all enjoyable . The episodes contained in this collection are : Disk 1-Laughing Mummy-Texas Cowgirl-Perfect Husband-Reluctant CarpenterDisk 2-Shoeless Engineer-Singing Violin-Royal Murder-Shy BallerinaDisk 3-Tyrant 's Daughter-Thistle Killer-Pennsylvania Gun-Baker Street BachelorsDisk 4-Neurotic Detective-Red-Headed League-Vanished Detective-Night Train RiddleDisk 5-Eiffel Tower-Jolly Hangman-Cunningham Heritage-Diamond ToothThe last 10 episodes of this collection -LRB- as listed above -RRB- were previously released by Madacy in a 2-disk set -LRB- ASIN B00006FDAB -RRB- .
 These episodes could certainly use restoration . I did n't give this set five stars for the condition of the episodes . It 's too bad they do n't look and sound better . This series also does n't strictly follow Doyle 's stories , but I must admit that I absolutely loved watching this . It 's fun ! I had a blast!I very much enjoyed the performances of the key actors who played Holmes , Watson , and Lestrade . It 's really a delightful little show . I had a wonderful time viewing these episodes and wish they would release the entire series .
 Ronald Howard was one of the more-as-Doyle-wrote-it portrayals of Holmes there was -LRB- appearance-wise , that is ; in the canon , he was a superb violin player , but the TV series indicated that he was lousy - a weak attempt at humour ? But that 's the writer 's fault . -RRB- It was nice seeing a Watson of the appropriate age -LRB- 30s rather than a fat blob in his 50s or thereabouts -RRB- . The plots were relatively simple -LRB- what can you do in a half-hour show -RRB- but entertaining .
 `` The Case of the Cunningham Heritage '' is the ONLY time the legendary first meeting of Holmes and Watson has been put on film , and `` The Red-Headed League '' , `` Shoeless Engineer '' -LRB- `` Engineer 's Thumb '' made less gory -RRB- and `` The Pennsylvania Gun '' -LRB- `` Valley of Fear '' without the boring flashback -RRB- are ALL based on Doyle . So was n't `` The French Interpreter '' but that 's not in this set . Ronald Howard played Holmes in a likeable way , while H. Marion Crawford was an excellent Watson , and both are closer to the ages Holmes and Watson really were when they first met . The prints could be cleaner , but they 're better than what 's turned up on local TV stations and come in a nice package . Let 's hope they put out the remaining episodes to complete the series . Watch for Michael Gough in `` The Perfect Husband '' and Natalie Shafer in `` The Shy Ballerina '' .
 As a yoga video junkie , I 've seen my share of routines , and this one is definitely up there with the best . I loved YFS I , so it was natural to check out YFS II , and I was happy to see that Peggy Hall once again did an exceptional job ! Her teaching is clear and inspirational . She shows how yoga is about more than just flexibility -- it 's about really making the most of each moment and living your dreams . And YFS II really helps you do that.At about 45 minutes , the program can be done at one time , or I prefer to do the three main sections at different times . The first part , `` Spinal warm-up '' is great to do in the morning to get energized . Then the `` vinyasa flow '' is more rigorous and helps build coordination and quick reflexes . That aspect has really helped my surfing . Then the `` balance and relaxation '' is good for the evenings . Peggy 's relaxation sequences are so good -- soothing and just the right blend of imagery and visualization.The music is just perfect -- not the usual bland stuff of most yoga videos , but really engaging and uplifting . And the settings are gorgeous and the surfing is so inspiring.I have never seen an exercise video made with such high quality . Every detail is in place . I highly recommend it , and look forward to seeing more from Peggy Hall .
 This is another wonderful DVD by Peggy Hall . The scenery is beautiful and music is lively . Even for non-surfers this is a great practice to connection with the earth , ocean , and air . I am not a burn and sweat `` Power Yoga '' lover , but I liked this practice , as it was not too fast.Peggy starts out with a spinal warm-up rather than `` powering '' right into the vinyasa flow . The vinyasa flow is very presented beautifully and with just enough instruction . With each cycle she add on one additional pose . The only thing I would like different is that she does n't give enough time between each cycle at mountain pose to make the mind/body connection.My favorite part of the practice is the balancing session . She includes a nice challenging balance flow . Then a final relaxation with stretches and twists ends the practice . She walks you through a visualization of sitting on the beach that is beautifully presented and energizing.As a bonus you get an Increase Lung Capacity practice that includes mudras/meditation and is explained clearly and pleasantly . She includes some Kundalini Yoga in this DVD with Breath of Fire and other breathing exercises and practice.I have the Director 's Cut DVD , which costs a little more . I 'm not sure the difference between this 2002 release verses the 2004 release . Mine includes some blooper clips , which are fun , fun , fun . Also , this yoga practice does n't end dramatically with advertising or load obnoxious music like many DVDs ; it ends with beautiful music where you can continue your mediation .
 I have been surfing for almost 5 years now but this is the first time I have ever tried yoga and I love it ! It has made me more fluid in my water and improved my balance . It 's a great yoga dvd for starters . It 's at a good level that is challenging but it is still somewhat basic . It makes you feel and much more flexible afterwards and is good for morning and afternoon workouts .
 This DVD is even better than the first one ! The program can be done in one session -LRB- 45 minutes , which I think is the perfect length for a do-at-home yoga practice -RRB- or it can be done in three parts
 This is my first yoga video and I find the pace very comfortable yet challenging . I read the negative reviews and the repetitiveness they find boring is exactly what I -LRB- as a beginner -RRB- find great.Going through the same flow of movements and adding one on each time really gives me the chance to get the basics right . Peggy Hall gives you the opportunity to practice and perfect the simple movements . Its like any sport - get the basics right and you 'll do much better when the harder stuff comes along.I can see how expert yogi 's would find this boring ... this dvd does n't twist you into extreme pretzel poses ... but that 's not the intent . As a surfer , it 's just enough to keep my shoulders flexible and lets me work on balance and focus .
 I like the way this DVD builds more poses through each cycle . I especially like the challenging balancing poses . Unfortunately , I find some of the poses are too rushed . Just as you get set up in `` down dog '' you are moving into `` plank '' and so on . It is called fluid , power yoga , however , sometimes it moves so quickly it seems to lose effect for me . I surf , swim and work out 4 times a week and consider myself in good condition . I ca n't really say this video has improved my surfing or flexibility , however , it is fun , the music works well with it is well organized . I just think some of the vinyasa flow poses should be held just a little bit longer . With the four count inhale , exhale breathing , this can not be maintained with the quickly changing poses . Overall I still enjoy doing the video a couple times a week . I am going to try and compliment this video with a hatha style yoga for more extended poses and stretching . Nothing better than cross training .
 I first got this dvd at the public library and had to purchase it for myself . It is a lot of fun , and you will feel it , but it allows for progression , and you can still do it if you are not a pro . I highly recommend this to anyone looking to get an excellent yoga workout at home , and anyone looking to feel healthy and relaxed .
 As Peggy Hall takes you through each exercise , you feel energized and at the same time more at peace with yourself . I have her other DVD 's and really enjoy the pace of this one , especially if you want a bit of a challenge . Beautiful scenery too !
 I love doing this workout , and sometimes the breathing portion at the end is all I do , as it leaves me feeling great . I would rate if 5 stars if it had any headstand prep work .
 This DVD was well done , both in content and in quality . I think it to be a real bargain . A real plus were the surf clips . They rock ! My only criticism was that I think the tape moved faster than a beginner would be able to handle . I just memorized the sequences and do them at my own pace . All around I would heartily recommend this to my friends .
 I 've been doing this -LRB- 2 -RRB- times a week , along with swimming a 1/2 mile at the public pool for the past 3 weeks and feel so good . This video really works your body in all the ways you need for strength and flexibility in surfing . I ca n't wait to get back in the ocean soon , when it gets a little warmer ! And take the power and flow of this yoga , to help me improve my surfing . Instead of working so hard to catch a wave and paddle out , at my age of 57 : -RRB-
 Quicker and a little more intense than Yoga f s 2 . Great for the soul . Really good for the body !
 I have only done Yoga For Surfers 1 and 2 . Vol 1 is more of a stretching routine , it is great if you only have 15 minutes and need to stretch out or want a good warm-up for any sport -LRB- surfing , snowboarding , running , etc -RRB- . Vol 2 is a great workout . I do n't think you burn a ton of calories , but you do stretch a lot which is very helpful if you have backpain . I use the DVD 's as a supplement to working out if I do not have time or feel like adding something extra to the day 's workout plan . It only takes about 45 minutes , of which 25 is more workout based and the rest is stretching . I noticed a review that said she is a `` poser '' , call the videos whatever you want , BOTTOM LINE - THEY WORK , that 's all you need to know . Well worth the money .
 This is the best power fluid yoga DVD i 've ever found , ever !!!! and I 've tried a lot . It hits all of my favorite poses and makes me sweat a little.I even bought it in vhs years ago and just replaced it with a dvd because i have n't found anything that equals it , except for mtv 's version of power yoga with that blonde girl , and if i ca n't decided which one to do i always do the surfers II dvd.That pretty much sums up my review .
 Dwarfsploitation at it 's most vile ! Evil does indeed come in all shapes in sizes.The Sinful Dwarf is a pretty straight foward heroine-smuggling/slavery ring flick from the 70 's . It comes equipped with extended soft core sex scenes and other totally bizarre elements that will keep you off balance.But what really makes this film unbelievably creepy is the explosive acting from the undersized Danish actor , Torben Billie . Not only does he have an uncanny resemblance to the goofy Jack Black , he plays this particular role with unsettling precision . Sheesh ! I 'm sure he was actually a very nice guy , but damn he 's a scary little dude here.His name is Olaf , and he helps his wicked mother run their London boarding house . Often times gorgeous women check in , but they do n't check out . He also lures the naive beauties back to the hotel with cute little toys . Yep , oldest trick in the book.I ca n't think of many things more alarming than seeing someone with a child-like appearance doing some of the most unspeakable atrocities to his beautiful female slaves . Mercy , little man!With a title like The Sinful Dwarf , you oughtta have some idea what to expect.Only recommended to the most sinfully warped and depraved of viewers . You know who you are .
 The Sinful Dwarf is an exploitation/horror film from 1973 . The fact is , if you 're looking for a masterpiece of cinema ... You 're looking in the wrong place . The review on the cover says it all ; `` The mother of all dwarfsploitation films ! Over the top with nudity , sex , and disturbing images . It just does n't get any sleazier , folks . '' This is a perfect example of truth in advertising , because The Sinful Dwarf is a sleazy movie-going experience ... But if you do n't mind the experience of watching a film about a psychotic dwarf and his even crazier mother , then you could do worse than this.Torben Bille plays the dwarf , Olaf who assists his mother Lila Lashe with running their rooming house . In the opening scene , we see Olaf lead a girl to the attic of this house before knocking her unconscious . The room in the attic holds several girls , all naked and addicted to heroin , who Lila sells as sex slaves to various people . A young writer named Peter moves into a room with his beautiful wife Mary -LRB- Anna Sparrow -RRB- , who grows suspicious about what exactly is going on in the attic.But , enough about the plot ... This film is 90 minutes long and as can be expected from an exploitation film , it has prolonged , gratuitous sex scenes and lots of nudity . As I said , there are girls locked in the attic that are naked . There 's no shortage of anything sexual here.I 'm no aficionado on exploitation films , but I did n't expect much from this film . I watched it more out of morbid curiosity than anything else . The fact is The Sinful Dwarf is a fascinating little exercise in the exploitation genre . It 's campy , a little bit creepy , and entertaining in its own strange way . This is a film that not only has two antagonist 's , one a dwarf and another a deranged woman prone to prolonged dancing sequences ... But , there 's an overweight heroin dealer who sports an afro and goes by the name Santa Claus . It does n't stop there ; there 's a scene where a girl is whipped where we never see the whip making contact with skin and after cutting back to the girl we see poorly applied red makeup to her body . The film 's score sounds like a mix between horror film and porn music . The sets and overall look of the film had the potential to be creepy , but everything else is pure camp ... And that 's fine.As for Olaf , he bares a passing resemblance to Jack Black and he is creepy , just never in a scary way . And there 's plenty of him here to satisfy those ` dwarfsploitation ' fans . If you do n't like The Sinful Dwarf , I doubt you knew what you were getting into beforehand . If you 're curious about this movie , I recommend it ... If it looks like something you 'd enjoy , you likely will . It 's an amusing , campy exploitation flick that is surprisingly better than you 'd expect.GRADE
 this movie has got to be the most creeptified sinister movie out there . if you want to see a a creepy little dwarf exploit , peep , drug , enslave , and defile young women then this movie is going to be your picasso . not for everyone but definatly one for the collection . the triple xxx is the way to go . torbin , you should be ashamed of your self ...
 I ca n't believe they made this movie ! Everything screams `` sleeze '' , from the tacky apartment house that looks like it was painted by a pre-schooler , to the hilarious owner who dresses in old costumes and belts out old show tunes . But the dwarf tops everything ! Who could ever dream this stuff up ! I wish I could have seen this when it was playing the drive-ins . Get this now !
 not as crazy or explicit or sleazy as i expected , but still found The Sinful Dwarf quite enjoyable . definitely not for everyone , but those of us who want something strange and tasteless in this genre , you could do a lot worse than buying / watching this vintage gem of questionable clarity.i would rather put Bloodsucking Freaks in my DVD player , but The Sinful Dwarf is probably the next best thing.Venger As ` Nas SatanisCult of Cthulhu High Priest
 This is very interesting . Learned some stuff about the Matt and Jeff Hardy that I did not know before .
 These videos are interesting but I do n't know if I will let my son watch them till he gets older because of the language . Thanks for the quick delivery I have enjoyed watching them .
 This is not a sequel to `` Jean de Florette '' , but the concluding part of the same story , `` Water of the Hills '' by the French master story-teller , Marcel Pagnol.Basically , it is an epic played out in that typically French way of drama-making
 MANON OF THE SPRING completes the story that began in JEAN DE FLORETTE . It is not a sequel ; it is the second half of a single tale . Although the first film can be watched independently of the first , neither really stands completely on its own.The second film takes place several years after the first , and centers on two of the characters from the first film -- Le Papet played by Yves Montand and Ugolin played by Daniel Auteuil -- as well as a young girl who is now living on the land upon which Jean de Florette lived in the first . The girl named Manon and played by the exquisitely beautiful Emmanuelle B&eacute;art , turns out to be the daughter of Jean de Florette . Ugolin , observing her , falls hopelessly in love with us , yearning for her in a manner so desperate and passionate that you sense immediately the impossibility of its being fulfilled . The film deals with her resolve to wreck her revenge on those responsible for the death of her father.What she does n't realize is the possibility of an even more potent revenge that lies beyond her control , but which arises near the end of the film . The two films are great without the last half hour of the film , but it is the last half hour that makes the two-film sequence a truly magnificent masterpiece . We find near the end revelations that make the story that the two films tell almost impossibly tragic . I can say no more than this without giving away key elements of the plot.The two films are both quite superb in the picture they paint of rural France . The idyllic beauty of the countryside belies the hidden blackness in the hearts of many of the characters . Yves Montand 's character , especially , displays the karma attaching to a petty , mean-spirited viciousness . If the first film belonged to G&eacute;rard Depardieu , the second one , and as it were retrospectively both films , to Yves Montand . Although Montand made a few more films before his death , this was far and away the greatest thing he did in his last years , and in a way stands as the last great achievement in a grand career . I 'm not certain he was ever better than in the last half hour of this great film.I can not urge strongly enough for anyone who loves movies to see these two films . Even those who do not normally enjoy foreign films with love these . The story told is too grand , and the performances too stellar , not to adore them .
 Manon of the Spring is the continuation of Jean de Florette is an excellent saga of love and betrayal . It has an array of emotions that only the French can achieve . Once you get involved in the movie you want to know the ending .
 This second chapter in the story that began in `` Jean de Florette '' , is such an extraordinary tale of love , hate , pain , revenge and tragedy that even the events which transpired in the previous film can not prepare you for the tragic events of this film . Like a greek tragedy , the events slowly but surely unfold , and even the characters who we have come to despise become tragic and sympathetic by the film 's conclusion . Rarely can there be found a film of this dramatic power . Easily one of the best French films of the 1980 's !
 I chanced on this movie completely by accident . It was in the wrong box . It opened with some goats and French subtitles . I thought , oh boy , this will put me to sleep . Yet the movie works on many levels
 Set in the picturesque countryside of France , Manon , the daughter of Jean de Floret , remains behind being cared for by a neighbor while her mother goes to the city to find work . The death of her father keeps her from leaving the countryside to seek vengeance on Ugolin and his uncle Cesar , both of whom are responsible for his death.Manon tends to the land keeping to herself . Captured by her beauty is Ugolin . To keep the family line from fading , he seeks out the young woman picking up the ribbon she has left behind sewing it to his heart.When she discovers that both Ugolin and his uncle are responsible for the death of her father , she commits the perfect act that not only ruins both uncle and nephew , but wakes up the townspeople who have allowed themselves to be manipulated and controlled by Cesar.The rural landscape of `` Manon of the Spring '' is a sigh of relief from the bustle of the city but it does explore the attitudes of the people that inhabit the place and their appreciation for the land and culture .
 It does n't have car chases , or explosions , or sickening violence like most present day American movies , what it does have is a great story and ideas . Kind of like American films used to be in the 30 's and 40 's . Some of my favorite movies over the last ten years have been French , and this is one of them .
 In this marvelous sequel to `` Jean de Florette , '' director Claude Berri builds on his previous feature with its well-observed portrayal of Provenal village life . Infusing his tale with a Greek sense of tragedy , `` Manon '' tackles themes of desire , fate , and justice . Boasting spectacular performances by Auteuil , Montand , and the bewitching young Beart , `` Manon '' is a perfect choice for a rainy day , but be sure to watch predecessor `` Jean '' first .
 This film finishes the story that was begun in `` Jean de Florette . '' Ten years ago , Cesar -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- and his nephew Ugolin plugged up the spring on Jean 's farm , causing him to lose his crops and die in a tragic accident . They then bought his land , reopened the spring , and became successful flower growers.Manon was just a child when her father died , and is now a beautiful young woman , living alone in the hills with her goats . Ugolin falls hopelessly in love with Manon on first sight , and Cesar , desperate for his family name to go on , encourages his nephew to court her . She , however , despises them both after learning they inadvertently caused her father 's death . She takes her revenge , Ugolin takes a pitiful step , and , too late , Cesar learns a heartbreaking secret.This very moving story has been compared to a Greek tragedy ; it shows the pain of unrequited love , the power of vengeance , and the irony of fate . Yves Montand is wonderful as the greedy , clever , and lonely Cesar . I recommend seeing `` Jean de Florette '' first , and then you can enjoy the story 's surprising and touching resolution.Kona
 We had to watch this in French class and I thought it would be a really boring movie , but it was n't . This is a wonderful movie for students studying french and anyone who likes the language . Jean de Florette is the movie before this one and it is also awesome .
 I saw this French film and decided to get it only to be totally surprised that it was so fabulous . I never knew about the movie that preceeded this so I stumbled into this with completely fresh eyes only to discover a film that knocked my socks off.I do n't want to give too much away in this review because being able to view this film as is helps in the newness and discovery of . This storyline takes on so many turns that I found myself sitting glued to the screen.I am a huge fan of French films and this one totally stole my heart . A must have .
 While I loved both movies , Jean de Florette and the sequel Manon of the Spring , I would rate the first of the pair to to have an edge over the second . They are both masterfully done , and you really ca n't watch just one of them , as they are an inseparable pair , the first movie forming the background for the second , and the second providing the resolution for the first . Without giving up too much of the story , these movies tell a story of greed , `` accidental '' murder , and resolution with the likes of Greek tragedy -- critically and tenderly revealing the mysterious nature of the human heart . Two of the best set of movies ever in my lifetime . My only criticism of the 2nd movie is the weak portrayal of the young woman , which came down to either poor direction or perhaps a poor casting decision . Overall , this flaw can be overlooked , as these two movies will stand as classics for many years to come .
 Loved this film , but should be seen after `` Jean de Florette '' which is the first in the series to fully undertand the plot.Wonderful story , beautiful scenery and interesting French culture .
 Great Story , good movie . Glad to get an Import at a reasonable price instead of paying $ 100.00 for the MGM version . Regarding the other customer 's review and the 2 SECOND censored scene , that DOES NOT take away from the story at all !!!!! The picture and sound are very good on this Korean Import and I was just happy to finally be able to own this great movie .
 When the french do something well , they do it very very well . This is one of the most moving films I have ever seen , the story of a troubled young woman who struggles to overcome the impact of a terrible crime on her family . Beart , who became a major star due to this film , has never been better or more beautiful . Also , the impact of the crime on the perpetrators is equally profound , a study on guilt and sanity , with Auteuil and Montand acting with equal excellence to Beart . It is a pity that so few films like this are made.Get it .
 This was the movie that made me fall in love with French movies . Also , Emmanuelle Beart 's beauty captured my attention -LRB- her talent was totally wasted in Mission Impossible -RRB- . Together with the first movie they are classics .
 Certainly , one simply MUST NOT view Manon of the Spring without first watching Jean de Florette ... they are a pair that have to be viewed in tandem . The first episode sculpts the background and unveils all the social mor&eacute;s that round out rural France between the wars . Although Jean de Florette may seem rather inocuous at times , the deep interplay of the characters is a must to absorb . Humanity at its very worst is blatantly reinforced with seemingly no devil to pay for even the most dire of moral transgressions.Part two , however , sees the most evil of deeds repaid in spades . No film encompasses the play of emotions as do these two films . If you ever want to see an utter villain get well more than he deserves ... and actually feel heartfelt sorrow for him ... this is the movie to see .
 Manon , the daughter of Jean de Florette returns to Provence and lives in a small cottage on the property of her father . In the previous film , her father had died trying to make the farm work but discovered without a source of water , it was impossible . The farmhouse and certain lands were sold at decreased value to the neighbor Cesar Soubeyran . He finds a mysterious supply source for water which had eluded her father.Soubeyran 's nephew , Ugolin Gallette secretly falls in love with Manon as she wanders the hillsides Provence tending her flock of goats . Manon however pays little attention to him while she keeps a keen distant eye on a newcomer , the teacher in the town who walks among the hills , examines the soil and takes a high interest in local developments . A mysterious chemistry develops between them . Meanwhile Ugolin becomes uncharacteristically ill and after being prodded he confesses to being in love . Cesar gives him advice on how to impress his heart 's desire but Ugolin botches the attempts.After Manon tries to save a goat which falls from the hillside to the rocks below , she discovers a cave and cavern , which are the original source of the spring . She develops suspicions about the cause of her father 's death . She deliberately stops up the water supply which eventually affects the whole town . At a townhall meeting set up specifically to meet the farmers ' need for water , a government official manages to add further insult to injury . The official produces survey records which indicate there is no spring on the land . Meanwhile , the local priest was apprised of the true cause of Jean de Florette 's death . In his sermon the priest admonishes the community that G-d may be punishing them for their sins . Accusations fly of who and what caused the spring to dry up . Religious devotees partake in a ceremony after which the water supply is restored . In effect , a miracle has occurred ! Cesar Soubeyran suffers a sad , unexpected devastating blow associated with his nephew . During a visit to the cemetery , Cesar reminisces about his past with a blind woman sitting next to him on a bench . She supplies him with crucial details which become the final nail in his emotional coffin . The details become an unanticiapted revenge , one from beyond the grave . This film is deeply satisfying in its portrayal of local culture , greed , outstanding characters and the ultimate surprise ending . Erika Borsos -LSB- pepper flower -RSB-
 Please see this film in conjunction with Jean de Florette , which pictures the tragedy of Manon 's father unjustly stripped of his inherited farm by a covetous poor farmer who wishes to take it and grow chrysanthemums upon it , and so stops up the hidden spring with a rock.The nude scene mentions comes after this vile character steals the land for nothing when it is abandoned due to driness , when he releases the spring , and Manon , now grown sneaks back onto her former family property to bathe in the previously unknown spring . THen the vile character covets her as well.This story of the first film , Jean de Florette , runs as inevitable Grecian tragedy building on the prideful ignorance of Jean , the main character . He does not know of the spring which was blocked and concealed by the neighbor who desires not only his land to grow chrysthanthemums upon , but one day when she blooms , his daughter Manon . With the conspiracy of friends , this covetous neighbor blocks the spring which would bring life and fertility to the farm . Jean tries everything including tragically dynamite to bring the waters to flow with abundant life.When all is too late we discover unknown family ties which would have made Jean not a rejected outsider intruding upon and rejected by this enclosed and impoverished mountain farming community but embraced as a lost son . The inevitable development and tragedy of these two films together is as stately as as horrifying as a trilogy of ancient Greek plays , as profound and as universal . Watch them carefully and rivers of understanding will wash you with renewed humanity .
 Manon des Sources -LRB- 1986 -RRB- is the screen rendition of Part 2 of Marcel Pagnol 's exquisite novel , L'eau des Collines -LRB- 1963 -RRB- . It is the continuation of the story of Jean de Florette , concerning two competing projects , one carried-out by the city-dweller Jean Cadoret , and the other by the peasant Ugolin , set in the rustic and picturesque environment of Provence in the 1920sManon des Sources owes its success to Pagnol 's particularly intelligent scenario . Taken verbatim from his novel of the same name , it was flawlessly adapted by Claude Berry and Gerard Brach , whose work consisted mainly in translating into images this impeccable scenario.As stated in my review of Jean de Florette , a good story must have a plot , a compelling conflict , and characters that we care about who change as a result of their experiences . This particular story qualifies unquestionably as a good one , on all these points.In Manon des Sources , the second chapter of his novel , Marcel Pagnol uses the same approach in his story that he did in Jean de Florette , posing questions and providing answers in a more or less convoluted , drawn-out way , the better to keep the viewer 's suspense high.The first and most important question in this chapter concerns the soothing of our bad conscience following the less than satisfying conclusion of the preceding film . We feel perturbed for having resigned ourselves to accepting the outcome , the success of Ugolin 's project , which we never totally rejected , at the expense of Jean 's project , which we by now wish had succeeded . How will Pagnol liberate us from this disturbing feeling ? We already know that he is not interested in introducing a Deus ex machina to discharge our anxiety . He will again proceed objectively , relying on the psychology of the different characters involved.The second question concerns the two new characters appearing on the scene
 I had seen the movie years ago - now , I can see it anytime I want !
 I have loved this movie for a long time . I was hesitant to buy the DVD because of comments I had seen about the low quality of the transfer , but was pleasantly surprised ... it looks very good to me , I 'd say better than half of the DVDs I own . It 's just too bad there are n't some extras along with it . But the movie by itself is enough , really
 just ... mmmmm ... stunning ... i listen to it when i want to BE french , to be in love and feel my heart break , to transport myself somewhere else in time . gorgoise !!!!
 I am one who loves to travel . Like many , I flock to Europe when I can , but cash flow often prevents me from going when I want . What do I do when I 'm tired of life on this side of the pond and need to get away ? I wait for a rainy day and pop these films into my VCR . I sit back , relax , and allow the beautiful French scenery and symphonic melody of the French language swallow me whole . I almost feel like I 'm running through the hills of southern France and drinking wine with those who really have a sense of community . Watch these films , unplug the phone , and get away from it all for a few hours !
 Released within a year of each other , `` Jean de Florette '' and `` Manon des Sources '' -LRB- aka `` Manon of the Spring '' -RRB- are often viewed and reviewed separately , but the truth is that they 're integral parts of a single story which needs to be seen in sequence for its full impact to be revealed.Set in the 1920 's , both explore the stark realities of the tough existence and myopic intrigue that was an integral part of life in the Luberon 's stunningly pretty countryside & villages before the march of time transformed them into `` must see '' tourist destinations . Beautifully filmed and meticulously crafted , their brilliantly effective evocation of the realities of this now lost and very different world elevates each into the category of truly outstanding cinema - visual feasts that re-create what life was really like , good and bad , in what we now see as an `` idyllic '' time.And , as entertainment ? Well , `` Jean de Florette '' wins in terms of having the stronger and most obvious `` plot '' , enhanced by Gerard Depardieu 's tremendous performance as a man seeking to realise his vision in the face of insurmountable odds . But that is , as `` Manon des Sources '' reveals , only half the story , for beneath the tragedy of `` Jean de Florette '' is a much more tragic sequence of events . Slower , more reflective and , in the end , deeply moving , `` Manon des Sources '' is not simply a `` follow-up '' but the key to understanding the full story on offer.Individually each `` works '' and , as such , stands in its own right as an excellent film , but it is only when seen together that their true power is revealed . You really do need to see both ...
 bien aim&eacute; ses deux films et aimerais les achet&eacute; si vous pouvi&eacute; me les faires parvenire . Jean de Florette et Manon des sources en dvd . merci a vous.attend une r&eacute;ponse de vous .
 Originally titled `` Manon des sources '' , this movie is the conclusion to the store `` Jean de Florette '' . It is done in French dialogue & English subtitles.The camera captures the beauty of the French countryside in all its splendour in this movie.Jeans ' daughter Manon , has grown up and taken over the family farm , following the tragedy which occurs in the first installment.She seeks to extract revenge on those who have harmed her family.There are some amazing revelations in the movie , which will leave you shocked.A truly wonderful movie , well acted , directed and filmed.It is important to watch the first installment -LRB- JdF -RRB- , before viewing this movie .
 By far this has been one of the best movies I have seen , but to understand it you definately have to see Jean de Florette , also a great movie . Never before have I seen a movie that has kept me watching , you wo n't want to stop watching it . I garantee you 'll love this movie .
 This is the second film in a set , following Jean de Florette . I actually prefered this to the first film . However , not being a native french speaker , I found one or two of the characters quite difficult to understand . Over all a thoroughly enjoyable film . Not especially deep or important but rather fun .
 This film is the continuation of Jean De Florette and deals with the grown daughter 's -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- revenge on the unsuspecting farmers who deceived her father . This continuation develops the original plot further . The deceitful farmers played by Yves Montand and Daniel Auteuil soon realize that they 've deceived themselves as much as the innocent Jean de Florette . The theme is a complex study of human nature and is somewhat akin to Caine 's dilemma , ` Am I not my brother 's keeper ? ` The cinematography and script are excellent but I was rather disappointed in Emmanuelle Beart 's performance . She 's the weakest actor in this film and , because she 's unfortunately also the central character , her inept skills have a significant impact on the film altogether . Her acting is forced and the emotions she attempts to express do n't leave a very strong impression . Other than that , the story is great with an impeccable supporting cast .
 I love this film . Emmanuelle Beart made her debut in this film and she is breathtakingly beautiful . Her husband Daniel Auteuil also starred in the film . I do n't know if they met on the set or not but it was certainly made at the beginning of their careers in film.The story of Manon -LRB- Beart -RRB- continues in this film . In JEAN DE FLORETTE she was a little girl , who accompanied her parents to Provence where her father took up the cultivation of Carnations on the old family farm . Uncle -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- and cousin -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- next door objected as there was only enough water to supply one farm . The result was a water war.In MANON , the young Manon has grown into a young woman . She lives a relatively wild life on the old homestead , raising goats who follow her everywhere like children . Cousin -LRB- Auteuil -RRB- realizes one day that he is in love with her . But a dark secret hangs over his head and if Manon knew the secret she might hate him -LRB- has to do with water -RRB- . The rest of the plot consists of the resolution of problems , tensions , difficulties set up in JEAN DE FLORETTE . I ca n't imagine anyone buying one film and not the other . I am buying both DVDs . They are a set . The cinematography is wonderful , the actors are superb . If you love Provence you will want to own these DVDs so you can watch them on those cold rainy days when you are n't in France .
 As sad and tragic as `` Jean de Florette '' -LRB- which should be seen first -RRB- was , this is a delight , and one of Claude Berri 's very best films . Emmanuelle Beart , looking like a wood nymph , is beautiful as Jean 's daughter , bent on revenge , and Daniel Auteuil as the lovesick man who 's past comes back to haunt him is terrific.Yves Montand is magnificent . This is one of his greatest performances , and should n't be missed . His scene with the blind woman is so memorable . I think about that scene often , and of how easy it is to make life changing mistakes by misunderstanding circumstances.The soundtrack by Jean-Claude Petit is lovely , using a theme from Verdi 's `` La Forza del Destino '' as its main melody , and the cinematography superb . Best of all , the ending is perfection . Satisfying . A work of art completed .
 If you happen to plan to view Manon of the Spring , do yourself a favor and seeJean De Florettefirst . It is the beginning of this family saga of greed , destruction , evil , hope , deceit . Claude Berri is a writer , producer , actor and director . His best work is the two films in part one and part two.Jean de Florette is the story of a hunchback man who has inherited land with a home for his wife and daughter . Unbeknownst to him , a greedy landowner and his nephew have engineered a plan to block access to the water for his farming . Tormented by the two , Florette is driven to devastating consequences.Manon of the Spring continues 10 years later landowner Soubeyran has asked his only relative Ugolin to find a wife in that Soubeyran can leave his inheritance . Ugolin has his eye on Florette the hunchback 's beautiful daughter Manon , a sheepherder . But her mission is to seek revenge against Ugolin and his uncle Soubeyran for the torment that lead to demise of her father 's farm with devastating consequences . In turn , she cuts of the water supply to the entire village which leads to very angry townspeople . The two men are publicly accused and also , Ugolin ca n't bear Manon 's rejection.This film is with beautiful mountainous scenery , brilliant acting , period costumes , and moves at an even pace . It is engrossing with an important revelation nearing the end . The double films have won numerous awards . This is a wonderful saga and you can view the DVDs separately or togetherJean De Florette / Manon of the Spring -LRB- MGM World Films -RRB- ! ... Rizzo .
 This is the second part of a two part series , and picks up where Jean de Florette leaves off . If you do not see Jean de Florette , then you will be missing much of the background of this movie , and the context is important . For example , without viewing the first movie , the viewer will not know Manons background , what happened to her father , and their farm . The viewer will also not know the full relationship she has with the Soubeyran clan.Most people believe Manon is superior to Jean De Florette , but I disagree . I believe the first film is truly great , and this second one is very good . Together they tell an great story , one that is captivating.The quality of the DVD picture is avarage . The picture is fairly clean and clear . This DVD will make a good addition to anyone 's collection .
 American friends , I am agree with you about Manon of the spring -LRB- `` Manon des sources '' in french -RRB- so I can only add one thing.Because the action of the film is set in the south-east of France , the actors speak with the lovely accent of this part of the country.That contribute to `` add sun '' in the film .
 This film is the sequel to Jean de Florette . `` Sequel '' is a poor description of the film though because this film is more of a continuation and conclusion -LRB- think Lord of the Rings series -RRB- to the story . The story is beautifully filmed and compellingly told . It contains a tragic sense with a strong almost Dantesque sense of justice . -LRB- In the Inferno , those who suffer , suffer in accordance with the `` sins '' that brought them to hell . For instance , Count Ugolino 's story of his starvation and the starvation of his children at the hands of Ruggieri . Ugolino gnaws perpetually on the nape of Ruggieri 's neck
 Well done , a bit of a fairy tale ending whereby all the loose ends seem to be tied up , not as poetic as the first part , `` Jean de Florette '' , but the surprises and the lessons about what makes life really worthwhile are still very powerful !
 A magnificent story of revenge , irony , and ultimately hope , Manon of the Spring explores the relation and strife of two families in a French village . The acting is superb ; the cinematography captivating . It is simply lovely with a perfect balance of bitter and sweet . This film MUST be seen after Jean de Florette to be fully appreciated .
 This continuation of Jean de Florette is an amazing film , even better than it 's prequel . Director Yves Montand does an excellent job of completing the story ; the irony of the plot leaves your mouth hanging open . Absolutely nothing could be improved
 `` Manon of the Spring , '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , a French drama , is a sequel of sorts , and a tale of revenge . It 's also a mouth-watering , award-winning color film , set apparently , in the early 20th century , in Provence , in the gorgeous , fertile south of France . With its prequel , Jean De Florette , -- well , actually , it 's not so much a prequel and sequel , it 's more just a direct continuation of the story -- it tells a bittersweet tale of life among the peasantry of the time . It is based on a novel , with which I am not familiar , by Marcel Pagnol , with whose work , I regret , I am also not familiar , tho I believe he was a screenwriter of note ; was adapted for the screen and directed by Claude Berri.You can watch `` Manon '' without seeing `` Jean de Florette '' first , but I do n't know why you 'd want to . At any rate , the movie picks up the story of the locally-prominent Soubeyran family , who have been scheming for their own advancement , with little consideration for others . Cesar Soubeyran , known as `` Le Papet '' locally , is the wealthy , almost last survivor of a dynasty of hard-working , successful peasants , and treated with great respect in his village . As played by the magnetic , older Yves Montand , -LRB- The Wages Of Fear - -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- ; Diabolique -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- Spine # 35 -RRB- -RRB- , he is as hard a man as his long life has made him . Then , his possibly not all there nephew Ugolin , played by Daniel Auteil , always so successful at playing not particularly bright characters -LRB- The Closet -RRB- had come home from his stint in the army . The older man is anxious to see his nephew married , with children , settled locally , and making a living before his illnesses end his life . Accordingly , Cesar has his eye on a plot of land that adjoins his holdings , and several healthy looking girls in the village.But the land the Soubeyran family covets had been inherited by an outsider , a tax collector civil servant ; a luckless hunchback played by the magnificent Gerard Depardieu , -LRB- Green Card -RRB- , who had come to the village bearing some regulation outsiders ' French name , a wife and young daughter . However , if Jean had been called by the name he should have been in the village , had they known who he really was , he would have been known locally as Jean de Florette , the title character of the first installment . At any rate , the Soubeyrans , Cesar and Ugolin , pretended to befriend and help the naive and generous hunchback , who was inexperienced in farming , but had many ambitious plans , some entirely unsuited for the location . Nevertheless , the Soubeyrons secretly worked against the would-be farmer , most importantly by depriving him of water.Greedy , cruel behavior to be sure , with tragic consequences . We begin `` Manon '' with a glimpse of the title character , the daughter of Jean de Florette. , in the person of the beautiful Emmanuelle Beart -LRB- Nathalie -RRB- . After the death of her father , which she believes was caused by the Soubeyrans , she has grown up largely on her own , as her mother has had to seek work elsewhere . Manon is rather an uneducated wild child as a result
 I had purchased the movie Jean de Florette at a garage sale not knowing that there was a second part and by searching the internet I found out it was available at Amazon.com . I ordered it and had the movie within 3 days . I am a very happy customer .
 This is what I wrote for the companion movie , Jean de Florette : Both of my movie purchases , Jean de Florette and Manon of the Spring , arrived in excellent condition , and way ahead of their promised date.This has been one of my all-time favorite movies for decades.Jean de Florette is seen together with Manon of the Spring . Both Jean de Florette and Manon of the Spring are beautifully written , beautifully filmed , and beautifully directed . Each of the principal actors in the cast does an outstanding job interpreting his or her role . These actors are Yves Montand , G&eacute;rard Depardieu , Daniel Auteuil , Ernestine Mazurowna , Emmanuelle B&eacute;art , and Yvonne Gamy.I give each of these movies 5 stars .
 Passion should be felt , revenge observed with detached honesty , as within this exceptional film -LRB- directed by Claude Berri -RRB- . Watched Manon of the Spring -LRB- Manon des sources -RRB- while reading Ovid 's Art of Love -LRB- Ars Amatoria -RRB- . My first question was
 This is a good sequel to `` Jean de Florette '' which was made earlier in the year this was made . Both movies should be seen back-to-back to make this story complete and comprehensible . Actually , this really could be called `` Jean de Florette
 Manon of the Spring is the sequel to Jean de Florette . Manon is the movie that ties both movies together perfectly . In this film , Manon , the hunchback 's daughter , exacts her revenge by stopping the spring which feeds the local village . It is also in this film that the old blind woman reveals the heart breaking and utterly tragic truth to the one man who has hurt Manon the most . In the end , this greedy , wretched man loses everything -- literally -- and Manon gains everything.Manon of the Spring is an exquisite movie . The cinematography is incredible , the storytelling is brilliant . The acting is unforgettable .
 In the first part of this sequel , Jean de Florette , there has been a murder . So remeber Emerson statement
 This is the second part of a two part series , and picks up where Jean de Florette leaves off . If you do not see Jean de Florette , then you will be missing much of the background of this movie , and the context is important . For example , without viewing the first movie , the viewer will not know Manons background , what happened to her father , and their farm . The viewer will also not know the full relationship she has with the Soubeyran clan.The quality of the DVD picture is avarage . The picture is fairly clean and clear .
 Now a young beauty , Manon sets her self into a quest for revenge against those ones that killed his beloved and charming father , Jean Cadoret . Alone and proud , Manon is a shepherdess running free in the countryside , surviving and avoiding anyone and everyone that dismissed her father for no other sin than just being a foreigner . And so , in one hot summer day , Ugolin falls in love at first sight with the naked beauty of Manon . Chance will turn into the girl 's path , to reveal the truth about his father 's death , she vows anger and silence into her intentions , and again , chance will provide Manon with the exact and necessary means to revenge her unbearable loss . The whole town will be set into despair , and Papet and Ugolin will find each other in the terrible and cruel ways of the destiny they themselves forge , Cesar will face the dead of his name , and Ugolin , the sadness of a love not meant to be , at the end , they will beg for a miracle , and Manon will find true love inside her quest . Arise.Claude Berri re-prices the landscapes , atmospheres and people from Marcel Pagnol 's regarded novel -LRB- The Water of the Hill -RRB- , into a sequel very much worthy of it 's predecessor -LRB- Jean De Florette -RRB- , an achievement in it 's own right . Bravo.Captivating and honest , Manon of the Spring is pure and true simple revenge , a classical tale of redemption through vengeance , compelling the simplicity and much worth braveness of one single and justified deed , from there to peace of mind . This time Claude Berri paints with the same brush , different emotions in the same protagonist , the slow breaking point of not knowing what else can you do to save yourself , down on your knees , she will only give pardon because of his love , indeed , destiny has the last laugh.Again , the cast enters a passionate and intricate work . Ives Montand , portraits Papet with the same accurate eye , only this time , sadness and sorrow are added to the spectrum , and Papet is revealed in his human ways . The amazing Daniel Auteuil gives despair and tragic sense to Ugolin , the result stands in a emotive evolution of the character . Now , we get to see the little girl that was Manon in Jean De Florette , grown up to be breathtaking beauty , French actress Emmanuelle Beart , portraits the young shepherdess with dedicated understanding of such a bucolic soul , a keen and grooving performance , like a wood nymph -LRB- her nude dance scene is an absolute delicatessen -RRB- , the supporting cast stands firm . The comparison with Jean De Florette hurts a little in Manon 's script and in some parts of the direction . The screenplay is actually a fine piece of work , but there are some scenes where the development of important events are carried with some easiness along with a pace that does n't quite fits the rhythm of the story . This little problem could have been emended in the DVD edition with extra footage , but it seems Claude Berri is quite happy with the original Cut , anyway Manon of the Spring succeeds by an exquisite continuation of a simple but humanly complex story , resulting into a piece of inner strength . Jean Claude-Petit limited himself to re-arrange the same music motifs that appeared in Jean De Florette , nothing more or new.This DVD version has the same audio and visual transferring of Jean De Florette -LRB- Widescreen Letterbox Edition 2:35.1 , with Dolby Digital 2.0 -RRB- , a good edition of its feature , again , a new and improved version can do more justice to this beautiful film , but the DVD is good enough to see it without any real problems.So , this is the final chapter of The Water of the Hill story , a portrayal of intolerance and love is what the whole story is about , and little in Cinema History , such topics had been shown with so much conviction , you recollect what you harvested in your own past , and laments have come to late to make a change .
 One of the all time `` perfect '' movies in so many respects . It ties in all the unresolved issues of Jean de Florette . It portrays humanity in a near all-encompassing microcosm . Evil , good , grey , and all gradations in between in a simple provincial village in France circa who knows when ? It 's universal . We do n't have to trouble ourselves about dates . It could be yesterday . It could have happened a century hence . Consummate film making in every aspect . Cinematography , sweeping . Acting , uniformly brilliant . Direction ? Masterful . Script ? Not many better . Buy this classic and it 's predecessor and prepare to be swept away.BEK
 Oh this is a beautiful film , shot in Provence , with the absolutely lovely Emmanuelle Beart playing Manon of the title role , and her husband Daniel Auteuil playing the opposing lead . Manon de Florette is the grown daughter of JEAN DE FLORETTE . To follow the storyline and understand Manon 's actions , you must see part one of this two-part story.In part two , Manon has become a `` shepardess '' who lives with her goats on the hillsides in Provence . When we first see her , she garbed in a quaint shepherdess costume Marie Antoinette would have envied , and tinkling through the brushes with her herd . Auteuil , the young cousin of Jean de Florette sees her and realizes he has fallen in love with the adult Manon whom he first met in JEAN DE FLORETTE.One day , owing to someting Manon does , a handsome stranger comes to the village . Auteuil 's chances with the beautiful Manon are dimmed by the arrival of this handsome young man who also falls in love with Manon . Beart is so beautiful it 's hard to imagine why all the young men in the village are n't in love with her.However , other obstacles exist for Auteuil . I can not say much more without giving away the storyline , but it has to do with an unresolved issue set up in the first part of the story told in the film JEAN DE FLORETTE . Let 's just say it has to do with water , thus the title , MANON OF THE SPRING.JEAN DE FLORETTE and MANON are wonderful films , and although the latter film is the better one , you can not understand the latter without the former.Storyline aside , if you love Provence , then these films will appeal to you . It is hard not to feel the sunlight on your cheeks and smell the wild Thyme , Fennel , Rosmary and other herbs growing on the hillsides where Manon and her goats wander .
 This is just as good or even better that it predecessor , Jean de Florette -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . It is amazing how well thought out the story is . Like a Greek tragedy , everything falls into place , everything is accounted for as fate conspires with character to bring about retribution for those who did wrong . We feel sad and sorry for Papet and Ugolin , whose weaknesses and `` crimes '' are so like our own.Daniel Auteuil , who plays Ugolin , is a actor with great range and sensitivity . He is unforgettable here as a not-too-bright peasant who suffers an excruciating and hopeless case of unrequited love . And Yves Montand , who plays his uncle is flawless , like an Olivier , as he experiences a very cruel turn of fate . Emmanuelle B&eacute;art , who plays Manon , is very beautiful , but she is also strange enough to be believable in an unlikely role as a solitary shepherdess of the hills of Provence.Claude Berri 's direction is so perfectly paced , so full of attention to detail and so unobtrusive and natural that the film just seems to happen without effort . Nothing fancy , just show what needs to be seen , no more . Use no more words than necessary , but all that are necessary . It 's almost like magic , how easy it looks . The scene near the end when the blind woman reveals the cruel turn of fate to Papet is exquisite in its simplicity and its effectiveness.In a sense this movie is a throw back an earlier era in cinema when careful attention to the construction of a character-driven story was the essence of the art .
 Both Manon of the Spring 113 minutes running and the first video Jean de Florette 122 minutes should be seen the same day as they are basically Part 1 and Part 2 of a story . Ten years have passed and Manon a beautiful young woman is being wooed from a distance by a frustrated Ugolin . The young woman is seeking revenge for the death of her father . Both takes revolve around stolen water used to raise flowers and . Both movies must be watched without leaving the room because just as you do a piece of the puzzle will be exposed . Emmanuelle Beart is so lush and sensual and fiesty . She holds her own against legendary Yves Montand and Gerard Depardieu . The scenery and passion is something the French do so well . The movie won major international awards . It is subtitled but if you know some French you will soon find yourself not needing to read the subtitles as the words seem to come thru just by the awesome acting . In fact you almost forget you are watching a movie but are actually there.Now if I could just locate Babette 's Feast before I wear the copy I have out I will be truly blessed .
 Manon of the Spring is an exquisitely told story that grabs your heart and does n't let go until the movie ends . To truly appreciate it , you must see the first part , Jean De Florette . In that movie , two greedy neighbors trick and cheat Manon 's father , who is a kind and generous man , in order to gain his property , but the cost is even higher than they planned , since the deception also leads to his death . In this sequel , his now-grown daughter learns of the plot which caused the loss of her father , and takes revenge on them . Although you depise those greedy neighbors for what they did to that family , they are not portrayed completely as evildoers , rather as humans with their own flaws and failings . So when Manon 's revenge results in more tragic consequences , it really makes you think about the cycle of pain and revenge that people perpetrate against one another . The greedy neighbors suffer harshly for their deeds , and although to a certain extent they deserved it , it is also very sad . There is a message here that `` what goes around , comes around '' , and `` you reap what you sow '' , and that those consequences happen naturally in time , and do n't need human intervention to make them happen . This is a movie that will make a permanent impression .
 Within my top five favourite films at this point , Manon of the Spring is a conventional , brilliantly acted story of lost romantic longing , revenge , redemption , and forgiveness.Daniel Auteuil shines as the physically unattractive Ugolin , smitten with hopeless desire for the wild shepherdess Manon -LRB- the heavenly Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- , daughter of the deceased Jean -LRB- from Jean de Florette -RRB- . Their interaction in this pastoral countryside is priceless , especially if you know the back story , the complicated character dynamic between Manon and Ugolin . Manon 's subsequent revenge on the entire town has a tragic air to it , because though you know she 's justified in her actions , the townsfolk are portrayed in such intimate detail that you will find yourself drawn to them , sympathizing . Much like the peasants of Seven Samurai , you see their folly , but feel for their distress.Director Claude Berri has the good sense to let the very intense dramatic situations in this story play out in a naturalistic , restrained manner . Instead of bursting out into the proclamatory Jacobean mode , Manon of the Spring lets the tragic moments and points of emotional outburst breathe , instead of drowning them out in tirades of sentimental outburst . The results are simply stunning.I saw this film before I saw its predecessor , Jean de Florette , and the result was a wonderfully different experience . I recommend trying it out as an experiment -- Manon of the Spring stands on its own as an autonomous piece of superb storytelling , but its reverberations change once you 've seen Jean de Florette .
 Been looking for this DVD for years ! I 'm glad I finally found one at an affordable price !! I had read that in the Korean Edition , there was a scene in the movie that was blurred , when Manon is bathing , and wondered how important that would be to the movie , or my response to the story , and IT IS NOT . The scene where Manon is bathing is like 2 seconds , or less ! Now , I have seen both versions and let me tell you that in the unedited version -LRB- US Edition -RRB- you still dont see much more so why pay 70 dollars for something that is not crucial and you can barely see when you can own the Korean version DVD for half the price ? ... So my advise is get the Korean DVD , save your money and get yourself another movie instead ! Enjoy .
 Manon , the daughter of Jean de Florette returns to Provence and lives in a small cottage on the property of her father . In the previous film , her father had died trying to make the farm work but without a source of water , it was impossible . The farmhouse and certain lands were sold at decreased value because of the lack of water . The neighbor Cesar Soubeyran bought the farm and unblocked the spring ... Soubeyran 's nephew , Ugolin Gallette , who was part of the conspiracy to drive Jean de Florette from the land falls in love with Manon as he watchers her tend her flock of goats and while she wanders the hillsides of Provence , setting traps for birds that she sells in the market . Manon keeps a distant eye on a newcomer , the teacher in the town who walks among the hills , examines the soil and takes a general interest in his new home . The teacher loses his knife which Manon finds ... they meet and she returns the knife which he insists she keep with all its fancy gadgets . A mysterious chemistry develops between them ... Meanwhile Ugolin behaves uncharacteristically claiming to be ill . His Uncle prods and eventually discovers he is in love . Ugolin finally admits with whom . Cesar gives him advice , dress like a hunter , impress Manon , talk to her nicely ... Ugolin botches it up as he stammers out his declaration of love.When a small goat drops from the hillside among the rocks below ... Manon strives to save it . She discovers a cave and cavern which is the source of the water supply for the spring . She works hard to block it up which eventually dries up the water source not only for Ugolin and his precious carnations -LRB- cash crop -RRB- but for the whole town . It causes an uproar to the point of a government official visiting who promises a large supply of bottled water to solve the needs of the people . It upsets some farmers who want more done stating the spring supply needs to be restored so they can continue to farm and save their crops . The official checks the records and proves there is no spring on the survey maps ... Meanwhile , someone may have confessed to the local priest about the unusual circumstances regarding the death of Jean de Florette associated with the blocked up spring in the past . In his sermon the priest admonishes the community that G-d may be punishing them for their sins ... One farmer accuses Cesar Soubeyran of having caused the problems claiming he saw them block up the spring and heard the discussion with his nephew . Cesar denies it and adamantly claims Jean died of an accident ... After the community prays and the devote partake in a religious ceremony , Manon unblocks the spring with the help of the school teacher . In effect , they brought about the miracle which the religious people had prayed for ... Cesar Soubeyran suffers a sad but not unexpected devasting event involving his nephew . During a visit to the cemetery , a local blind woman sits next to him on a bench and reminicses about the past , particularly his youth when he fell in love with Florette , who left the village and married a blacksmith in another town . Cesar receives information which brings the final and eternal blow to his life ... It is a phenomenal surprise ending which finalizes the unanticiapted revenge , one from beyond the grave . This is a superb film with much depth , mystery , and unexpected twists , a totally satisfying and excellent viewing experience . Erika Borsos -LSB- pepper flower -RSB-
 This gorgeous film is the concluding story of Jean de Florette . That the two films are n't boxed together is ridiculous , because although they stand alone , taken together they become an unforgettable film experience and a devastating masterpiece.In this film , the little daughter of Jean de Florette , who knows what was done to her father and by whom , has grown to become a stunningly beautiful young woman -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- . She is a free spirit , a shephardess , and so achingly gorgeous that one of the participants in her father 's tragic downfall -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- ca n't help but fall hopelessly in love with her -LRB- no mystery there ! -RRB- . That his love is hopeless and will ruin him is just the begining of the reverberations from the sins commited in the first film that will befall the sinners in this concluding second film.The other is what happens to the character played by Yves Montand . I will not spoil it for you , but what comes back on this cruelly calculating old man is something to behold . Montand capped a wonderful career with his brilliant and nuanced portrayal of this man . The role , which spans both films , is a beautifully deep performance , and you will be surprised by your different emotions about this character . It is a full-range performance , and should n't be missed by anyone who loves great acting.Although each film is complete unto itself , it is together that the full artistry and power of the story is experienced . So if you get one , by all means get the other.Directed with care and photographed beautifully in the countryside of Provence , this is a visual and emotional treat . A terrific story of human passions , each is a 4 star film , together they are a 5 star masterpiece .
 Excellent music , end titles are a masterpiece . Nice vocal bits as well . Drawback
 Jean De Florette and its sequel Manon of the Spring deserve all of the accolades and heart-felt praises you read here and elsewhere . I loved them as a 17-year old after stumbling across a special broadcast on PBS , and I love them today as a 29-year old recapturing the magic on DVD.It does n't get any better than this , folks . These films are simply bursting at the seams with poignant lessons on humanity . One which I admire the most is the tax collector-turned farmer 's -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- single-minded perseverance to realize his dream . One might argue that he selfishly ignored the well being of his wife and child in pursuing his dream . But I contend that he would not have chosen this path had he thought for one second that his family did not share the same passion . In fact , we observe nothing but unwavering love and support from his wife and child.For you travel lovers out there , is there a better way to immerse yourself in life in a quaint French village without leaving the comfort of your living room ? This is one of the reasons I love well-made foreign films . They transport you ever so eloquently to another land and time.Watch these films . I hope you enjoy them as much as I do .
 Needless to say , I love this movie -LRB- and Jean de Florette . -RRB- I would just like to say that if anyone has bought the rights to it -LRB- Criterion ? -RRB- , kindly release it already , since these movies have been out of print for years now . Available used from $ 90 . Get outta here .
 The gorgeous Emmanuelle B&eacute;art plays Manon of the Spring in this sequel to `` Jean de Florette . '' She is Jean 's daughter who comes to realize who destroyed her father by concealing the spring of water in their property . Their neighbor played by Yves Montand took the land for himself after destroying her father with the cooperation of the man who is now in love with her . Manon thus finds herself being able to avenge the wrong that these men did to her family . This is as universal a theme and plot , featuring deceit , greed , and revenge and the costs they entail , as could possibly be embraced and it is brought as flawlessly and seamlessly to the screen as its predecessor . Even if the movie were n't worth watching , and it is , Beart herself is a feast for the eyes . Both films showcase French filmmaking at its best .
 Been looking for this DVD for years ! I 'm glad I finally found one at an affordable price !! I had read that in the Korean Edition , there was a scene in the movie that was blurred , when Manon is bathing , and wondered how important that would be to the movie , or my response to the story , and IT IS NOT . The scene where Manon is bathing is like 2 seconds , or less ! Now , I have seen both versions and let me tell you that in the unedited version -LRB- US Edition -RRB- you still dont see much more so why pay 70 dollars for something that is not crucial and you can barely see when you can own the Korean version DVD for half the price ? ... So my advise is get the Korean DVD , save your money and get yourself another movie instead ! Enjoy .
 The actors are superbe and they imitate the accent of the region to enhance its authenticity . The visual and musical background help catapault Marcel Pagnol 's written work into one of the best film series -LRB- Jean de Florette/Manon des Sources -RRB- of French cinema . Whether one is a fan of foriegn films or not , these films are fantastic and the musical scores are beautiful . Parts of the movie 's score are based on a Vivaldi piece . The rest is also magical . The films are tragic but at the same time , anyone can appreciate their beauty and quality .
 For one who likes a lovely but exciting type of story < I recommend tis video . It is in sub title but is very easy to follow . You do need to buy Jean Florette also . This is really a two volume movie . Strongly recommended for the romantics
 Two part film , that was 1st released as two separate features . Terrific telling of a complex story of intertwined farming families in rural France in the early part of the 20th century.The acting is mostly of the highest order . Yves Montand , one of the most suave men in history is completely believable as a rough hewn , self-centered farmer , Gerard Depardieu , also cast against type , as a gentle , educated city born man trying to make it as a farmer also is astounding . Almost as good is Daniel Auteuil as Montand 's not-very-bright son.Only Emmanuelle Beart , gorgeous though she may be , does n't quite convince me as the wild woman of the fields . Some of it is performance , some of it is how perfect she looks.The story is wonderful in a Dickensian sort of way , with clues and character elements showing up early , only to pay off three hours later . I love the first part even more , somehow it feels more truly tragic and dense , the 2nd part just a bit too neat by the end . But still a grand , intelligent , great looking entertainment .
 La passion devrait tre sentie , la vengeance a observ&eacute; avec l'honntet &eacute; d&eacute;tach&eacute;e , comme dans ce film exceptionnel -LRB- a dirig&eacute; par Claude Berri -RRB- . Manon regard&eacute; du Printemps -LRB- Manon des sources -RRB- en lisant l'Art d'Ovid d'Amour -LRB- Ars Amatoria -RRB- . Ma premi&egrave;re question &eacute;tait
 This movie is the sequel to JEAN DE FLORETTE , which really should be seen before viewing this one . It 's 10 years later , and the little girl Manon -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- , who knows the secret of the spring , is grown up now . Ugolin -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- has fallen madly in love with her , but she repels him and then reveals the secret . He commits suicide . Then it 's revealed , though it 's no surprise , that Mannon 's father was actually the son of Ugolin 's uncle Le Papet -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- . We could figure this out from he beginning of JEAN DE FLORETTE.Again , though , this is a folktale expressed on film and surprises are not important , only the telling is - and that is done excellently . The portent of magic is even introduced when the town 's well dries up in a drought ; a `` ceremony '' is conducted and the water flows again . The characters are simple and direct and do only what they have to do to further the story . There is evil committed and evil avenged . Hans Christian Andersen or the Grimm Brothers would be proud of this movie . It 's a beauty to watch . Definitely worth checking out .
 I was shocked to see that at the end of the movie this freedom-loving woman is pregnant , dressed in a decent ladylike outfit , in a church . Is that the fate of all wild shepherdesses ? What a disappointing ending . I was hoping that Manon would remain free for a few more years instead of plunging into traditional domesticity . That ending undermines the whole movie .
 This 1992 La Traviata depicts a truly classic era of performances of this heart-rending opera so beloved by millions . It 's filmed in the Gran Teatro La Fenice , Venice , where La Traviata was premiered on March 6 , 1853 . -LRB- This original opera house was destroyed by fire in 1996 and rebuilt . -RRB- In this performance , Edita Gruberova is every inch ... La Dame aux camelias ... the Grande Dame of the Camellias . Her voice is impeccable and her portrayal of Violetta is that of a passive heroine submitting ladylike to her fate . Just when she has regained her reason to live in the arms of her beloved Alfredo , her life is snuffed out like a candle.No stranger to chronic illness myself , I prefer a more vibrant portrayal of Violetta Valery more like that of Anna Netrebko in the 2005 Salzburg Festival production on DVD . This Violetta lives unstoppably each day and defies fate to strike her down right up to her very last moments.I 've always believed that Neil Shicoff was vocally destined for the role of Alfredo Germont . I 've seen him portray Alfredo live with more more fire than he shows here . I was struck by how Hoffmann-like this Alfredo is , as though , Shicoff is combining La Traviata with Les Contes d'Hoffmann , in an Alfredo inebriated now just with love but love for yet another woman soon to be lost to him.In a newspaper interview with Neil Shicoff which was published in 1986 , I wrote that Neil Shicoff `` has an innate sense of drama and a voice that angels might envy . '' This is very evident here.La Traviata is very dear to my heart as Giuseppe Verdi 's finest opera .
 Nothing about this La Traviata was bad . Many things were even quite good -LRB- I was particularly pleased that they kept Alfredo 's father 's second aria , which is usually cut out ! -RRB- , but there were more that were simply unremarkable.If this was the only video of La Traviata available I would be well pleased with it . It is satisfactory and , on stage , it was probably excellent . The only thing about it that really bothered me was that Alfredo , his father , and Violetta all looked about the same age and that would not , I think , have been apparent from the audience.However , there are several versions that are considerably better . This version is well worth seeing if you are interested in multiple interpretations of this opera , but if you wish to see only one , let it be a different one . There are three that I think are equally good
 The popular Verdi opera returns to his theater debut.La traviata is one of the most popular operas of Giuseppe Verdi . His live music and graceful charms the public since the nineteenth century . Your BDS is recognized even by those who are not in the business . Recorded by the greatest sopranos of the last century , either in audio or video , creates a stigma in today 's singers . How to write an opera that has been performed by Bidu Sayao with grace , with dramatic Callas , Tebaldi by gently and skillfully Sutherland . Workhorses of famous singers , La Traviata and intimidating defies all current singer.Edita Gruberova seems not to fear the ghosts of passado.Sua Violet turns into a woman of dubious reputation in the beginning , that is gaining maturity . The watershed in Traviata are the arias , is strano ! It strano ! , Ah , fors ' &egrave; lui che l'anima , Follie ! Follie ! Delirium vano &egrave; questo e Semper Libera . Transpose those parts masterfully reveals the grandeur of a singer , on the other hand , singing badly indicates that the rest of the opera will be long and painful for the audience . Gruberova past this part with great skill , his mature voice , treble coloraturas easy and perfect fit the requirements of the score . Regular theatrical performance , but the whole work is not even cold . Can the beautiful voice overcome the lack of action thrilling spectator . Reserve the best for last , his Addio , del past is poignant , sad , nostalgic , recalling happier days with the beloved , and showing all the pain of knowing that the end is near.The recording is from 1992 , so we saw the evolution of this singer . His video of Manon in 1983 with the Staatsoper until this Traviata shows that the years have been beneficial to his voice . Other singers come in vocal decline with age , it improves . The brightness is not the same youth , but the technique is superb . We have newer versions , such as Lucia di Lammermoor in Tokyo in 1996 and Beatrice di Tenda in 2001 recorded in Zurich , evidence that by this time the singer was still in excellent Czech vocal form.Alfredo Germont is the love interest with Violet . Passionate and naive will live with a loved one without worrying about costs and consequences of taking a relationship . Spoiled kid gets angry with his beloved to let him , thinking that she had returned to partying . Neil Schicoff has the task of representing this guy good life . With scenic reasonable performance and excellent voice he can do the trick . Tenor good treble , clear voice that is characterized as lyrical . We saw better sing , your Hoffman in Scala di Milano in 1998 is impeccable , unfortunately his Alfredo is not the same level.Giorgio Zancanaro is the role of Giorgio Germont . This does not accept the marriage of her son Alfredo with Violet . When static and build your character seriously hard and sensitive . Baritone voice clear and short length , struggling to reach the lower notes . Can you sing well his main aria , `` Di Provenza , il mar , but not enough to be an unforgettable presentation . Other baritones sing this role brilliantly , like Renato Bruson.The governing Carlo Rizzi follows the score with fidelity , and a correct time Italian musicality are your strengths . The orchestra of La Fenice is experienced in Verdi , with good strings and wood.The production of the dvd chose to show the opening the Venice canals leading to the La Fenice theater , ingenious solution that avoids the traditional . Always displays the maestro conducting . The economic scenarios leave the stage clean , do not fall into the trap of the extreme load hall Violet . The period costumes are consistent with the production , beautiful and representative . The leadership void and creativity shown conservative and no innovations . Highlight positive for the second scene of Act II , the chorus and ballet represented well the festive mood of the house of Flora.The sound of the dvd are in good level , but how are the analog matrix are not good enough for the recording of digital matrix . The direction of shooting misses keep the cameras almost always static , failing to show the feature of the singers in the crucial moments.The curiosity of this video is La traviata have its premiere at La Fenice , the site of recording of this DVD . Failure at the premiere and future success . Dvd recommended for those who like the traditional version of opera , without innovations , good voices and performances scenic medians.A popular &oacute;pera de Verdi volta ao seu teatro de estr&eacute;ia.La traviata &eacute; uma das mais populares &oacute;peras de Giuseppe Verdi . Sua m&uacute;sica viva e graciosa encanta o p&uacute;blico desde o s&eacute;culo XIX . Seu Brindisi &eacute; reconhecido at&eacute; por quem no &eacute; do ramo . Gravada pelos maiores sopranos do s&eacute;culo passado , seja em &aacute;udio ou em v&iacute;deo , gera um estigma nas cantoras atuais . Como gravar uma &oacute;pera que j&aacute; foi cantada por Bidu Sayo com graa , por Callas com dramaticidade , por Tebaldi com delicadeza e por Sutherland com maestria . Cavalo de batalha de cantoras c&eacute;lebres , La Traviata intimida e desafia toda cantora atual.Edita Gruberova parece no temer os fantasmas do passado.Sua Violeta se transforma em uma mulher de reputao duvidosa no in&iacute;cio , que vai ganhando maturidade . O divisor de &aacute;guas na Traviata so as &aacute;rias , &Eacute; strano ! &Eacute; strano ! , Ah , fors ' &egrave; lui Che l'anima , Follie ! Follie ! Del&iacute;rio vano &egrave; questo e Sempre Libera . Transpor esses trechos com maestria revela a grandiosidade de uma cantora , por outro lado , cantar mal indica que o restante da &oacute;pera ser&aacute; longo e doloroso para a plat&eacute;ia . Gruberova passa por essa parte com maestria , sua voz madura , de agudos f&aacute;ceis e coloraturas perfeitas se adapta as exigncias da partitura . Atuao cnica regular , mas o conjunto da obra no chega a ser frio . Consegue com a bela voz suplantar a falta de atuao emocionando o espectador . Reserva o melhor para o final , seu Addio , del passado &eacute; comovente , triste , nost&aacute;lgico , recordando os dias felizes com o amado e , mostrando toda a dor de saber que o fim est&aacute; pr&oacute;ximo.A gravao &eacute; de 1992 , vimos assim a evoluo dessa cantora . Sua Manon em v&iacute;deo de 1983 com a Staatsoper at&eacute; essa Traviata mostra que os anos foram ben&eacute;ficos para sua voz . Outras cantoras entram em decadncia vocal com a idade , ela aprimora . O brilho no &eacute; o mesmo da juventude , mas a t&eacute;cnica &eacute; soberba . Temos verses mais recentes , como a Lucia di Lammermoor de T&oacute;quio em 1996 ou a Beatrice di Tenda de 2001 gravada em Zurich , provas que at&eacute; essa data a cantora Tcheca continuava em excelente forma vocal.Alfredo Germont faz o par romntico com Violeta . Apaixonado e ingnuo vai morar com a amada sem se preocupar com despesas e as conseq&uuml;ncias de assumir um relacionamento . Garoto mimado se irrita com a amada por deix&aacute; - lo , pensando que ela voltara a farra . Neil Schicoff tem a incumbncia de representar esse rapaz boa vida . Com atuao cnica razo&aacute;vel e voz excelente ele consegue dar conta do recado . Tenor de bons agudos , voz clara que o caracteriza como l&iacute;rico . J&aacute; o vimos cantar melhor , seu Hoffman no Scala di Milano em 1998 &eacute; impec&aacute;vel , infelizmente seu Alfredo no se encontra no mesmo n&iacute;vel.Giorgio Zancanaro faz o personagem de Giorgio Germont . Esse no aceita a unio de seu filho Alfredo com Violeta . Sempre est&aacute;tico e s&eacute;rio constr&oacute;i seu personagem duro e sens&iacute;vel . Bar&iacute;tono de voz clara e de curta extenso , sofre para atingir as notas mais graves . Consegue cantar bem sua principal &aacute;ria , Di Provenza , il mar , mas no chega a ser uma apresentao inesquec&iacute;vel . Outros bar&iacute;tonos cantam esse papel de maneira brilhante , como Renato Bruson.A regncia de Carlo Rizzi segue a partitura com fidelidade , tempos corretos e uma musicalidade italiana so seus pontos fortes . A orquestra do La Fenice &eacute; experiente em Verdi , com boas cordas e madeiras . A produo do dvd optou por mostrar na abertura os canais de Veneza que levam ao teatro La Fenice , soluo engenhosa que foge do tradicional . Sempre se exibe o maestro regendo . Os cen&aacute;rios econmicos deixam o palco limpo , no caem no erro de carregar ao extremo o salo de Violeta . Os figurinos de &eacute;poca condizem com a produo , bonitos e representativos . A direo nula e sem criatividade se mostra conservadora e sem inovaes . Destaque positivo para a segunda cena do segundo ato , o coro e o bal&eacute; representaram bem o clima festivo da casa de Flora.A imagem e o som do dvd esto em bom n&iacute;vel , mas como so se matriz anal&oacute;gica deixam a desejar para as gravaes de matriz digital . A direo de filmagem peca em manter as cmeras quase sempre est&aacute;ticas , deixando de mostrar a feio dos cantores nos momentos cruciais.A curiosidade desse v&iacute;deo &eacute; La traviata ter sua estr&eacute;ia no La Fenice , local da gravao desse dvd . Fracasso na estr&eacute;ia e sucesso no futuro . Dvd recomendado para quem gosta de verso tradicional de &oacute;pera , sem inovaes , boas vozes e atuaes cnicas medianas.Ali Hassan Ayache
 Vdery touching performance by several very talented opera singers ... much credit can be given to the acting abilities of the principal singers .
 Gruberova is inspired in this traditionally staged and beautifully sung Traviata . From the very beginning you know this is going to be something very special
 Verdi 's creative genius must have been running white hot when he composed this lovely poignant masterpiece and not surprisingly it has remained one of the world 's favourite operas ever since . However , it requires a sympathetic sensitive approach for any production to do its treasures full justice . This recording of a live performance , in the venue where the opera originally received its premier , certainly meets the challenge ! Indeed I found the entire production quite exceptional.Central to this success is Edita Gruberov&aacute; 's outstanding performance . Whether being enchanting and beautiful at her soir&eacute;e in Act 1 , or distraught and appealing in Act 2 , through to the difficulties of the ending in Act 3 , musically , vocally and dramatically she is absolutely superb . Her lovely bright soprano takes on wonderful subtle shades of tone and her controlled pianissimo is at times unbelievable . Hers is no mere role , she is Violetta.Her fellow principles are scarcely less admirable . Arguably Verdi gives the elder Germont some of the best arias in the opera and Giorgio Zancanaro makes the most of these . A commanding presence on stage , his powerful rich baritone provides the perfect foil for the diva , matching her for artistry and depth of feeling . Together in scene one of Act 2 , they produce , what is perhaps the highlight of the opera for me . I find myself replaying it time and again , yet still finding some new subtle nuance previously overlooked.Neil Schicoff as Alfredo is also in fine voice , but vocally he may lack a little of the finesse constantly exhibited by his fellow principles . Also , to be really nit picky , I found his tendency to sweat under the lights a tad distracting . That being said , his acting is up there on the same exalted plain as the others.Conductor Carlo Rizzi draws splendid playing from the resident orchestra in nice balance with the vocal lines . He is spacious in the lyrical passages , whilst making the most of Verdi 's exciting rhythms to drive the more dramatic passages.Verdi 's choruses are always an integral part of his attraction and in this production they will surely not disappoint . Oh yes , and there is a little makeweight in the form of a delightful cameo ballet appearance by Gabrielle Brown in Act 2 , scene 2 . The atmosphere created by the Teatro la Fenice , together with the simple but well designed sets and colourful costumes are all part of the production 's overall charm . As with all such recordings one catches a few extraneous sounds and audience noise , but this never becomes too intrusive ; neither is the spontaneous applause after some of the major arias . Indeed one feels like joining in.I am aware that there are several versions of this opera available , but I am not in a position to make comparisons as this is the only one I have experienced . However , I feel it would take the harshest possible critic to find too much at fault with this one . Personally I am really enthusiastic about this DVD . In fact I absolutely love it and if I could award it more than five stars I would not hesitate to do so .
 I do n't remember being this moved by a production of La Traviata in a long time . Are you interested in FEELING the opera in addition to seeing and hearing it ? Climb aboard.The three leads are in gorgeous voice , devastatingly dramatic in their respective roles . It took me a little while to warm up to Edita Gruberova 's Violetta , but by opera 's end I was sold . Her Addio del passato -LRB- performed uncut -RRB- ranks with the best I 've heard , and her physical performance improves over the course of the opera , culminating in a flawless rendition of the character 's deterioration , redemption , death , etc. . Neil Shicoff might not look the part of Alfredo -LRB- he 's rather bookish for the ardent loverboy -RRB- , but his voice is lovely and resounding , and one gets the feeling that if the tenor were blessed with the smoldering looks of a Placido Domingo , he would be much more well known and appreciated . Giorgio Zancanaro is perfect as the elder Germont , making the character more sympathetic than -LRB- perhaps -RRB- he has a right to be . The final scene is shattering , with both men huddled together , impotently watching Violetta fade out , coming to the realization that they have just been playing roles imposed on them by the society they live in while Violetta is the only real person among them , the only character in the drama who has truly lived , and one gets the impression that these two sad and regretful men feel unworthy to be in the same room with such a soaring free spirit . It 's a magnificent bit of acting on the parts of Shicoff and Zancanaro . The fact that Gruberova 's Violetta does n't bear any grudges only reinforces her superiority , and her death is exultant , both vocally and dramatically.The sets are beautiful , somewhat dark , less detailed and opulent than in some productions but no less effective . Carlo Rizzi 's conducting is slower than the norm but rarely to the point of being plodding or distracting . There are a couple of cuts in the score , but unfortunately that 's a common practice with Traviata unless the conductor is Solti or Levine . In this case , the excisions are n't damaging to the overall performance , just a little annoying.I own two DVDs of La Traviata , this one and the Solti/Gheorghiu production . I 'm not going to pick one over the other because both are wonderful . My advice
 This the best La Traviata I 've ever seen/heard on DVD . Gruberova sounds like a blend of the best of Sutherland and Caballe . She sings the most difficult coloratura as if it 's childsplay . The timbre of her voice is gorgeous ! This is vastly better than Zeffirelli 's -LRB- sp ? -RRB- latest version that features a listless Violetta and a cramped staging . My only critique is that Shicoff -LRB- Alfredo -RRB- looks rather goofy and unattractive . His voice if fine - just not the kind of man women dream about ... Gruberova makes Sills and Angela G. pale by comparison . Her gowns look like something Garbo would have worn . The sets and ambience -LRB- the world 's most gorgeous opera house -RRB- add a special magic to this fantasy version of one of Verdi 's masterpieces .
 Gruberova is wonderful in this performance , with luscious changes of texture and amplitude , especially in her upper register , showing tremendous control combined with artistic sense at every breath and glance . Shicoff may take a few minutes to get used to , but soon I felt his romantic attachment and admired his beautiful singing , as well . I actually prefer him to almost all other Alfredos , albeit his voice is not quite as strong as some , but he , like Gruberova , showed artistry and did not throw away a note and maintained phrasing . I love this recording . There is certainly no `` definitive '' Traviata , but this is certainly in my short list !
 This is an outstanding Traviata . Gruberova ' outstanding control of her voice and her exquisite emoting make this the best Traviata I have seen . Every note from her is just pure gold . Traviata is not an easy role but it does not pose any problems for Gruberova . She is Traviata . I bet this is Gruberova at her very very best . Schicoff and Zancanaro are both very good . Schicoff 's voice is kind of an acquired taste . I have followed his career for many years and this Traviata is a good representation of his artistry . His singing becomes more intense as the opera preceeds . His voice is not the most flexible but his sincerity is never in doubt . If you are looking for only one Traviata DVD in your collection , look no further .
 I just recently bought this DVD based on the rave reviews it recieved here at amazon . And I was not dissapointed . I watched it with my family and at the end we were all in tears ! I have n't been so moved by a recording since I heard the Tosca with Callas and di Stefano . Thank you Edita Gruberova for a historic performance !
 Yes of course Mme Gruberova is fabulous ; that 's how she exists.I direct your attention to Mr. Shicoff . I have been listening to and watching performances of La Traviata for approximately 50 years . I 'm used to it . But I was amazed at Mr. Shicoff 's acting in Act I , and blown away in Act II , Scene 1 -LRB- when I had to ask someone to bring on the Kleenex -RRB- and , at the end of Scene 2 found myself sobbing.Mr . Shicoff is the ONLY tenor of my 50 years listening who shows any acquaintance whatsoever with the writings of Dumas Pere et Fils . He 's not pretty to look at , he does n't try to eclipse everyone within miles of his stardome - he just recreates Alfredo . And breaks one 's heart , for Dumas Fils was a gentleman to his fingertips and had a heart that could break.The only critique I have of this DVD is that Mr. Shicoff 's Act II Scene 1 cavatina was cut . With an actor like him , we could have used it . Savored it . If there were more tenors around like him , but there are n't and never will be , this opera could be performed as `` ALFREDO '' . Mr. Shicoff is the tenor who should have shared Traviata with Mme Callas .
 The conducting is lively and enlightening ; the sets/costumes traditional but also colorful and engaging . The singing is uniformly excellent . Gruberova may be a slightly old looking Violetta , and Shicoff also a little old and earnest . Zancanaro is simply wonderful ; together these singers can easily bring tears to your eyes . A highly recommended rendition of this great score .
 Perfect ! Gruberova sings her precious heart out with control and conviction . Her agility is astounding . Shicoff is a sweatheat and I fell in love with him as Alfredo . His pain and joys are clearly felt and alomst unbearable . He is strong yet senstive . Their acting is superb , every jesture is meaningfull and beautiful . This DVD haunts me in the best possible way !
 A perfect visual companion to the capital Guilini EMI recording . First-rate performances all around , singing and acting , staging and directing ; not a sour note in the piece . I generally prefer filmed performances before live audiences but this production has the feel of a live performance -LRB- and not the feel of those Hollywood productions -- `` Carmen , '' `` Traviata '' -RRB- . I had n't heard of Petri , but he plays the title role with power , guile and charm . His paean to `` liberta '' is convincing . Bruscantini is brilliant as Leporello -LRB- I did n't think Taddei could be rivalled -RRB- . Gencer and Stich-Randall play Elvira and Anna with dignity . As in the Guilini EMI recording , Alva is masterful in his two difficult Ottavio arias and Sciuti is utterly enchanting in her Zerlina arias . Cesari plays the cuckolded Masetto with dignity.Molinari-Pradelli conducts at a proper pace . Actually , the performance sounds as clear as a CD . I did n't notice any cuts . The only drawback -- not too annoying -- might be the synchronization between voice and lips in some moments , but this film was made in 1960 .
 Though there are many performances of Don Giovanni on DVD nowadays , this one stands in a league by itself . It will not be to everyone 's taste ; it is filmed in black and white , and has monaural sound . However , unlike most other film versions , there are no gimmicks or Eurotrash or alterations of the plot or meaning ; the settings and costumes are all tasteful , realistic and in their proper period . By today 's standards , some of the acting is rather foursquare -LRB- particularly by Gencer and Stich-Randall -RRB- or hammy -LRB- Bruscantini , a wonderfully comic presence in some other filmed operas -RRB- -- not that most filmed operas offer anything better . But what counts above all is the singing , and that is on an exalted plane that few other performances have equaled and virtually none surpassed . Mario Petri , little known outside of Italy , is a superlative Don -- suitably handsome , debonair , and seductive in appearance , with a handsome , mellifluous voice as smooth as silk and perfectly produced in all its registers . His finely nuanced interpretation that brings out every aspect of the protagonist 's multi-faceted character -- its charm , roguishness , cruelty , and narcissism . Sesto Bruscantini was the premier basso buffo of his day , and unlike the often crude Fernando Corena he lavishes true parlando singing on his turn as a rather hapless Leporello . Luigi Alva was a first-class artist saddled with a second-class voice , but his Don Ottavio here is one of his best achievements on disc , and outshines many rivals . The little-know Renato Cesari is an excellent Masetto , who once again takes care to sing his part rather than engage in bluster , but without slighting characterization . Graziella Sciutti practically owned the role of Zerlina , and employs her bright but sweet soubrette soprano to excellent effect , supplemented by acting that is alternately perky and demure . Teresa Stich-Randall is perhaps a bit of an acquired taste ; her voice was one of aristocratic pureness and total technical security , but a bit lacking in warmth and passion ; while she dispatches the role of Donna Anna with a vocal accuracy seldom matched by others , her temperament was better suited to roles such as the Countess in Figaro and Eurydice in Gluck 's Orfeo . Surprisingly , Leyla Gencer is less of a spitfire Donna Elvira that one would have supposed from her other assumptions of bel canto and Verdi heroines , but her singing is always most able and expressive . The only letdown vocally is the Commendatore of the totally obscure Heinz Borst ; his voice is too light in timbre and rather hollow and wobbly in production . Francesco Molinari-Pradelli outscore many putatively more qualified Mozart conductors in leading a performance that is brisk , fluid , and transparent , and yet weighty at key dramatic moments when needed . Overall , one could argue that this should receive only four stars rather than five , due to some of the minor flaws and limitations mentioned here ; but I give it five because of how it totally outshines the competition . This set can go alongside the classic 1954 Wilhelm Furtwaengler performance from Salzburg as a historical treasure of an immortal operatic performance .
 Yes , technology has progressed in leaps and bounds since 1960 and the production itself is old-fashioned but why any Mozart or opera lover would n't want to own this DVD is beyond me . This is one opera I never get tired of and it 's wonderful that these old RAI treasures are available , what a treat for historians and fans alike . I 'd never heard of Petri but he is certainly up to the title role ; in fact the cast was excellent all around singing-wise . I actually liked Bruscantini 's mugging as Leporello , it livened up a pretty static staging -LRB- Alva walks very stiffly but handles Ottavio 's music perfectly , Gencer constantly puts her hand up as if to shield her eyes -RRB- . Stich-Randall and Gencer may be lacking dramatically but both sounded great . And my God , Alva is about the handsomest Ottavio I 've ever seen !
 That Don Giovanni is Mozart 's greatest work has not been disputed . In fact , some even claim that this is the greatest opera ever composed.This great work has been widely performed and prolificly documented either in sound or in sound and visual . I personally own more than half a dozen DVDs and a dozen of sound recordings of this opera.This 1960 film conducted by Molinari-Pradelli boosts of a well-nigh perfect cast
 Day of Vengeance is a nasty little film that does n't pretend to be anything that it 's not . A robbery gone bad , and betrayals born of mishap and greed , are the catalysts that set the clock ticking on this pastoral passion play.The passage of time in an idyllic agrarian valley , where harvest festivals and bosom-heavy country girls attract the usual run of B-movie troglodytes and biblical Midway struggles , is as much a character in this tone poem as are the various and tawdry characters who come and go . A general store , a motel , a bar , a storage facility , the deceptive calm of the noon sun on sleepy shade trees , lend a sense of normalcy that beckons human depravity to do its best to dig up the dirt and sow havoc.There 's a morally ambiguous sheriff in town , and a couple of deputies whose genes lie somewhere on the genetic map between Tonto and Barney Fife , and a Prodigal Son with no purpose in life other than the pursuit of a storied stash of filthy lucre and a possible hook-up with a milk-fed buxom barkeep who can shoot the balls off a steer without her halter betraying a sweat.Day of Vengeance is Greek myth , a tour of the underworld in the light of day . A river runs through it , Charon collects secrets and storage , Cerberus is wandering the countryside like the rabid dog he is , Romulus and Remus do a vicious cameo , Psyche bides her time and teases Eros into motel reverie , Pan is loose on the set , Zeus and Ida Lupino are looking down from Olympus , and the ultimate conflagration is a spaghetti crescendo worthy of a Leone opera.If there 's a Drive-In screen still casting images over a cracked tarmac off your dusty interstate , drop the title in the suggestion box . This movie was made for your second date.P.S . Day of Vengeance -LRB- aka Blood Loss -RRB- won Best Action Feature at the 2009 Staten Island Film Festival . The new LifeSize Entertainment DVD release includes an entertaining commentary track with the director , screenwriter , and cinematographer , and an excellent featurette on the making of the film and its effect on a small town in Mendocino County , California .
 This is a very good action movie with excellent character development and an interesting setting . With lots of gun play and a good script , it delivers on many levels . Also , the bonus interviews with the people from the town where it was filmed is worth a look and provides some insight into the charm the film exhibits . Recommended .
 Fortunate enough to see an early screening of Day of Vengeance , my buddies and I savored it.Director Isaac Pingree offers the Town of Covelo , California as a rich , dusty , seedy backdrop -- analogous to the Wadi Rum desert in `` Lawrence of Arabia '' in that it serves as a compelling character unto itself.Against that backdrop , Pingree paints scenes like a schizophrenic cinematographic master . At times , he is Monet -- offering deliberate , subtle strokes giving a surficial impression , slowly urging the viewer to connect the dots himself and speculate about what lies beneath . Then , without warning , Pingree is Pollack -- violently splashing scenes upon the screen in what initially seems a haphazard manner , until the pace slows briefly , allowing Pingree 's rich and penetrating tale and message to coalesce.Watch it . Closely . Appreciate . `` Day of Vengeance '' is what indie film should be .
 I absolutely love this show ! My only wish is that I could buy the other seasons as well ! ** fingers crossed **
 I finally caved and bought the DVD set because I could n't find season 1 anywhere online . Package arrived fairly quickly and I 'm current enjoying the 6th episode !! : D
 I never missed an episode of Strong Medicine ever ! When the series was cancelled , I was devastated . When I found Season 1 on Amazon , I had to buy it . As soon as it arrived , I watched the entire season -LRB- I was up for a while -RRB- . I wish the other seasons were available so I can purchase those , too.My favorite character is Lu because she 's no nonsense and does n't let anyone intimidate her . Lana and Peter are also favorites . At first , Dana comes across as snobbish and stuffy but , as the show progresses , she warms up a lot . If the other seasons ever become available , I 'll definitely buy them.I recommend this series to anyone who enjoys medical dramas about women 's issues .
 I love this series . This was the perfect price for this awesome set of DVDs . If you loved this show you can spend endless hours watching these shows . You will love this show if you are fan of medical shows .
 Strong medicine is a great show . It my be old if you watch one episode you will went to see happen next . I love that it about women it talk lot about what women my go through in there life . It talk about real issue that women will alwys face in there life time . So still amzing it stuff that happen today so even it an older show people can still relate to it .
 I was so excited to unwrap this on Christmas morning ! The show is addicting . I remember watching it for hours when it used to appear on Lifetime . I really wish they would release more besides Season One but oh well , I 'm happy with this for now . Another good thing about this show is that the episodes are an hour long so do n't feel just because it lists 21 episodes you are n't getting a lot because you really are ! Plus it includes a pilot that I for one , had never seen before . I really enjoy watching these episodes and I recommend this DVD set to any fan of the show .
 I became a fan of Strong Medicine later in their run , so I am very grateful to be able to go back and start from the beginning . I ca n't wait until the Second Season comes out ! This series respectfully and intelligently explores a wide variety of issues women face - medically and interpersonally . Race , class , sexual orientation , and interpersonal violence are just some of the social issues addressed within the story lines .
 Strong Medicine is an excellent TV series . It shows to dedication and concern of two doctors to the patients of them . However I can attend manytimes in the DVD player .
 There has to be a way to get the producers to release all the seasons of Strong Medicine to DVD ... I realize Season one is out there but why leave us hanging ? This is crazy ... I love this show . Maybe they leave us hanging because not enough people have written in ... maybe they want to see if there is truly a desire ... on the other hand ... ya know how some items are pulled off the shelf once the manufacturer finds out they work ? Hopefully they are not doing the same here . Blockbuster told me they thought Amazon had a petition going ... I wonder if this is what is being considered the petition or if there is any truth in that statement . If any one finds anything out about the release or hopeful release , I would love any information you might have .
 I love this show ! Iwas so grateful when I found it online . It was well worth the price , which I found to be fairly cheap . I watch it ALL of the time and I 'm in love with it . It shipped very fast and was EXACTLY what I asked for !
 I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOW WHEN THEY HAD IT ON LIFE TIME CHANNEL . I AM SO HAPPY THAT I FOUND IT ON AMAZON.COM TO PURCHASE IT . I LOVE IT .
 I love this series , have seen every episode when it was on Lifetime , and wish that more seasons would come out . One complaint is that there are no subtitles in English .
 Loved the show have not gotten to watch the dvds yet but I know they will be just as good as the show : -RRB-
 I did like this show a lot when it was on the air , and it 's not the most amazing show ever , but it 's good and I 'd really like to be able to buy more than just season one -- especially because season 2 is really good ! Why would they stop after only one season when there are so many left ?
 Amazon completely understands how complicated it is to find a collection that other stores are not selling anymore . If you are looking for anything that was 10 , 15 , or a few decades ago , Amazon has it all . Old with the new , and new with the old .
 This product was purchased for a Xmas gift for my Grandaughter and the product worked well , the packageing was good and it arrived on time . Thank you AMAZON for your usual good service.A long time customer of AMAZON . Mari
 This DVD came super quick and was in excellent condition . If I had n't know it was used I would have thought it was new .
 I have seen a lot of the episodes of ` Strong Medicine ' on Lifetime , and I feel that it is one of the most underrated TV shows being show today . It is a great show that portrays hope , life , relationships , and emotions in each episode . I am glad that this show is finally releasing on DVD , as we can get to watch the series from the beginning.The story mainly revolves around Dr. Lu Delgado and Dr. Dana Stowe , two women who have nothing in common with each other , except for their passions in the field of work . They work in the Rittenhouse Women 's Health Clinic , where they face new challenges , and solve new problems from performing plastic surgery to treating HIV positive patients . This DVD set contains the first 22 episodes of Season 1 , which are :01 . Pilot02 . Preexisting Conditions03 . Misconceptions04 . Second Look05 . Performance Anxiety06 . Drug Interactions07 . Do No Harm08 . Miracle Cure09 . Dependency10 . BRCA111 . BRCA212 . Brainchild13 . Second Opinion14 . Side Effects15 . Blessed Events16 . Fix17 . Maternity18 . Complications19 . Childcare20 . Drugstore Cowgirl21 . Wednesday Night Fever22 . MortalityNot only is this show moving , but you also learn something in each episode . Developed by Whoopi Goldberg and created by Tammy Ader , ` Strong Medicine ' has won numerous awards . Rosa Blasi -LRB- who plays Dr. Lu Delgado -RRB- won an Imagen Award for Best Actress in a Drama series . I doubt this DVD set will contain any special features , except for the standard ones like languages , and subtitles , but nevertheless , it is worth buying this DVD just to see the episodes.Being sweet and sour at times , ` Strong Medicine ' is a wonderful drama that will definitely make you feel better .
 This is one of the most inspiring series that I 've ever seen . I have seen in the online message boards how many young girls have written to the actresses , talking about how this show has inspired them to become doctors . Many women are out there without good medical care or the means to provide for themselves . This show inspires us women who have nothing to become something . It is also a really cool drama that will open your eyes to diseases and other health related issues in a way that ER will not . ER is more focused on the relationships between the actors , where this show is focused on the health issues and their impacts on the people 's lives . A very , very good show . I 've gone as far as calling Sony directly , asking them to publish the rest of the seasons !
 It 's no surprise that Stong Medicine , has lasted so long on Lifetime , from episode one it was evident that this show was not just another medical show . Strong Medicine has strength and courage of the female kind . It 's not very often we see a show so full of passion , conviction , and focus to educate women as well as men of the importance of womens health , physically and emotionally . Rosa Blasi character of `` Dr Luisa Delgado '' , is so moving . It 's performances like Rosa Blasi , Jenifer Lewis , and Joshua Cox that keep me on the edge of my seat . I love the show and I ca n't wait for the rest of the seasons to be available on DVD ... It 's great and I ca n't wait .
 When Strong Medicine first came out , I indicated to to my girl-friend that she might like it . Strong Medicine quickly became her favorite series . While I normally avoid spending time in front of the television , I made a point of sitting with my future wife on Sunday evenings to end the week with a provocative episode of Srong Medicine . We always seemed to have an inteligent and lively discussion on the issues presented . When the first year of episodes came out , I was pleased to order a copy for Valentine 's day . My wife was thrilled and we both are looking forward to the release of the second season .
 During Strong Medicine 's airing It gave up to the minute stories of real medical problems faced not only by women but problems faced by all of the family.The acting was top notch . You tended to belive Rosa Blasi really was a Doctor . The rest of the cast was just as good in their roles . I am so glad the first season is out now on DVD.It is -LRB- was -RRB- the best show on TV . Every woman should see this show and any one who loves her .
 Strong medicine is one of the best shows Lifetime has ever produced . It is the ultimate show being that it showcases womens talents in the medical field . It deals with issues ranging from rape to murder to abortion . This is one buy you wo n't regret !
 I love this show !! I am VERY DISAPOINTED that the other seasons are not for sale . Shouldnt they be by now ? I would buy all of them and be proud to add them to my movie collection .
 this dvd offers a chance to see the series in chronological order . i have not been so interested in a t.v.series in years . i can not sleep once i hear the intro music , with the dvd i can watch it at my whim . i will buy each season as they come out !! i would hate to see this show disappear into the t.v. void and not have the dvd 's on hand . thank you whoopi g.
 The best show ever ! I just hope the seasons continue to be released .
 I watched Strong Medicine when it first started on Lifetime and have ALWAYS wanted the DVD . I had hope they would make DVDS on the seasons and looks like they are starting ! Finally !
 Good drama , good sense of humor . It has serious topics but does n't get too preachy or stuffy . Down to earth characters that are real and very likable . I wish it was still going , House can be a little too cold sometimes .
 but who do i have to yell at to get the rest of it ? it has been too long since they released the first season and i would like to get the rest before i die . i wasnt able to see the entire series but the seasons that i did watch i loved , and i would really love to see how things turned out in the last two seasons .
 This was a really great show . I hope they hurry up and release more seasons . They got better with every season and the final episode was awesome . I want to own the entire collection !!! Please release them soon .
 This is such a good show for women . I do n't know why they do n't put out more seasons on DVD . Every episode is compelling ... it holds your attention . I love love love it !
 okay , really when are the other seasons going to come out , i would buy the entire collection ... best show ever !!!
 Cutting edge - pun intended . Think you 're sure how you feel about sensitive or moral issues ? You may not agree , but there is much in this series to ponder . Why had n't I heard of this series before ?
 This is an interesting series for someone who likes watching medical dramas and it has a great cast as well .
 The package came and the item was just as described , new in the shrink wrap . Plays perfectly . Two thumbs up !
 I love watching medical shows . This is great ! I 've watched it before when it was on tv . I wanted this for my library .
 I saw this movie , one episode and I loved it ever since I one hundred percent would recommend this to a friend
 I absoultely love this show ! i bought the first season almost a year ago and have been waiting ever since to buy the second season . I have not been able to find any information on it and was wondering if they were going to release a second season at all . the lifetime movie network states that this has been a very popular show with many viewers . so i do n't understand why such the long wait to release the 2nd season . the 1st episode of the second season blew me away when i watched it on tv . can any body tell me anything about any more releases of this show ? I think that the fans have waited long enough !!!!!
 This series is great because it sends a positive message to woman of different ages and nationalities . Unlike other medical dramas , it manages to keep a good balance between the cases and the characters ' personal lives . All the cases feels very real and the solutions very plausible.I bought this DVD for my best friend who has loved Strong Medicine for years . She is very happy with her DVD set and was so excited that she watched the entire season in two days . The only bad thing is that there are no more seasons on DVD . We can only wish that they will release more in the neat future .
 strong medicine is one of my favorites i use to watch it every week till they took it off.the show deals with real life struggles and what we all go through everyday i 'm looking forward to buying all the seasons of this wonderful tv show
 This is one of my favorite shows . I have contacted Sony for a release date , but I ca n't seem to get a difinitive answer . This has been out for almost 2 years . Please post a response if anyone knows what to do or who to contact to request the other seasons be released . I 'll sign a petition if that will help !!! L.W.
 While the Strong Medicine series was coming to a close forever , I was wondering how I was going to get my weekly `` fix '' of Strong Medicine . I have been a faithful watcher since its inception , 6 years ago . I even sent an email to Lifetime Network to encourage them to have Strong Medicine available on DVD . Lo and Behold , they have started ! This is absolutely the best show ever . Each character is written very well , and the story lines are unique and genuine . It 's a shame that the show has ended for good , but at least I 'll have my DVD 's !
 This show is absolutely amazing , excellent , wonderful ! ... filled with drama , hope , life issues , romance , humor ... this show has it all ! It 's about time that it comes out on DVD ... I 've been dying for this show to be released on DVD ! It 's my number 1 favorite show , and I 'm so excited for its release ! This is one DVD series that will definitely be worth every cent of your money ! Do n't miss out on this great buy ! : -RRB-
 I just want people to know that Strong Medicine is afabulous buy for people who enjoy medical dramas . Itrates a 5 on my scale.Linda McCollum
 I love Strong Medicine ! As soon as someone knows please tell me when season 2 is coming out . My e-mail address is chantells@hotmail.com . I love it how lu and Dana become friends , in spite of their differences . I also like it how Lu , can be annoying at times , but you still ca n't help but to like her ! Terrific show !
 I watched this show on Lifetime when it was on and when I saw it for a good price on Amazon I decided to purchase it and I am so glad I did . Every single one of the episodes were a pleasure to watch . Too bad none of the other seasons are available to buy what a great show !
 My daughter really enjoyed this show . She was very disappointed when it came to an end , but now they are releasing this great show onto dvd and she ca n't wait to get all the seasons.Does anyone know when season 2 will be released ?
 This movie is excellent on its own , but absolutely extraordinary when paired with its sequel , Manon of the Spring . I highly reccomend the two as a pair to anyone considering either .
 Greed as a long term investment . For the short term version talk to Enron executive .
 I like Gerard Depardieu , but JEAN DE FLORETTE is not one of my favorite films . As one New York critic put it , you get to watch Depardieu haul water in various containers for most of the movie . So , why see it or buy it ? Because it is necessary to see this film to appreciate the second part of the story MANON OF THE SPRING.Jean de Florette returns to his home in Provence leaving his life in Paris behind . His wife , an opera singer -LRB- who warbles a few convincing notes from time to time -RRB- and his young daughter Manon accompany him . Manon is named for the operatic ` Manon ' -- but of course . De Florette wishes to resume farming on his old family homestead -- growing carnations for the Paris flower market . His land adjoins that of his Uncle -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- and cousin -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- . But there is a problem . The water available for farming will not support the crops on both farms . So , the inevitable struggle for water begins.I believe the screenplay and direction are by Pagnol , he of MY MOTHER 'S HOUSE and MY FATHER 'S CASTLE fame . The photography is wonderful , and the shots of De Florette in his garden surrounded by red carnations is beautiful . I bought the DVD because I want the matched pair , and I love MANON OF THE SPRING .
 In this movie that i 've seen many time ago Daniel Auteil was becoming a real good tragedian before he has played very much comicals movies but there , he has changed of register ! And when an actor is able to understand an other concept of the cinema , he become a man with multiples faces and can at this moment play every roles , every personages ! For Mister G&eacute;rard Depardieu this movie was a very good godsend because he could be play an other man which was an humbacked who 's bound to fight for his wife and his daughter and evidently also for his life ! the story is strong and animated with a marvellous scenario which has a follow-up which is a revenge for the daughter become woman and many disasters for the poors GRAND FATHER and UNCLE YVES MONTAND was a good actor with many talents !
 After the death of a family member , Gerard Depardieu , who plays a hunchback , father , and all around good guy , moves his family out of the city and to the country . His plan is to live happily in the peacefulness of nature . Unfortunatly , his neighbors plan is to destroy that peacefulness and anything that gets in their way . Unknown to the hunchback , the land that he owns is worth much , due to a natural spring that runs through it . The spring , however , has been blocked up so the land has gone to waste . The neighbors , having found the source of the spring , and realizing the worth of the land , continually divise new methods to try and obtain it . Whether by legaly buying the property or stealing it , they will make sure that the hunchback and his family 's life is miserable until they have it . Being the first movie in a two part set , I recommend buying both and watching them back 2 back as they will be most affective that way .
 This is movie is deep and poignant . However , it is not a feel-good movie . You will not glory in the human spirit -- you will feel digusted with it . The acting is wonderful , as is the scenery and the filmmaking , though , so if you are in the mood and you want something to really make you think , this is the movie for you .
 If you love France , or want to know it better , watch this beautiful film . More pointedly , this is an intimate look at Provence . The acting is wonderful , and the scenery , interior and exterior , is a beautiful eye-full . Starring some of the best French film actors ever , and written by one of the most renowned 20th century French screenplay writers -LRB- and authors -RRB- . It 's pretty much a guaranteed excellent 2 hours .
 Two part film , that was 1st released as two separate features . Terrific telling of a complex story of intertwined farming families in rural France in the early part of the 20th century.The acting is mostly of the highest order . Yves Montand , one of the most suave men in history is completely believable as a rough hewn , self-centered farmer , Gerard Depardieu , also cast against type , as a gentle , educated city born man trying to make it as a farmer also is astounding . Almost as good is Daniel Auteuil as Montand 's not-very-bright son.Only Emmanuelle Beart , gorgeous though she may be , does n't quite convince me as the wild woman of the fields . Some of it is performance , some of it is how perfect she looks.The story is wonderful in a Dickensian sort of way , with clues and character elements showing up early , only to pay off three hours later . I love the first part even more , somehow it feels more truly tragic and dense , the 2nd part just a bit too neat by the end . But still a grand , intelligent , great looking entertainment .
 The reason that I love this film is that the plot is simple and universal , and the film is actually ahead of it 's time -LRB- the topic of the film , a struggle for water , something very real today -RRB- . But mainly , the characters are so interesting and the plot reversal so surprising that you watch in amazement . Also , there 's great sympathy for the both of the main characters and how thing go so differently from what they expect . Depardieu and Auteuil are stunning .
 Item arrived on time and in good order . Loved the movie . Especially the ability to have french sub titles . I 'm learning french and having the titles in french instead of English helped .
 `` Jean de Florette , '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , a French drama , is a mouth-watering , award-winning color film , set apparently , in the early 20th century , in Provence , in the gorgeous , fertile south of France . With its sequel , Manon of the Spring -LRB- Manon Des Sources -RRB- -LSB- DVD -RSB- , it tells a bittersweet tale of life among the peasantry of the time . It is based on a novel , with which I am not familiar , by Marcel Pagnol , with whose work , I regret , I am also not familiar , tho I believe he was a screenwriter of note . It was adapted for the screen and directed by Claude Berri . The original score was written , and performed by Jean-Claude Petit and his orchestra ; there are musical snatches throughout of the operaVerdi
 Both of my movie purchases , Jean de Florette and Manon of the Spring , arrived in excellent condition , and way ahead of their promised date.This has been one of my all-time favorite movies for decades.Jean de Florette is seen together with Manon of the Spring . Both Jean de Florette and Manon of the Spring are beautifully written , beautifully filmed , and beautifully directed . Each of the principal actors in the cast does an outstanding job interpreting his or her role . These actors are Yves Montand , G&eacute;rard Depardieu , Daniel Auteuil , Ernestine Mazurowna , Emmanuelle B&eacute;art , and Yvonne Gamy.I give each of these movies 5 stars .
 Jean de Florette is a moving and poignant story of a city tax collector who recently inherits land and a home for his wife and daughter . He loves nature , has farming knowledge , follows a plan , and exudes a desire to become successful and profitable . What he is unaware is that he is up against an evil landowner Cesar Soubeyran and his nephew , Ugolin , who with greed , scheme and plot to take the land away.The soil is rich , but the supply for water has been plugged by Soubeyran and Ugolin . As Ugolin , the middleman sets up the evil deeds , he watches with interest how de Florette 's farming techniques prove successful . He provides assistance , loaning his mule and water to Florette . Impressed , Ugolin tends to show a little more heart than his uncle Soubeyran . Every step is a challenge as Florette manages his plan , addresses struggles , loses the land 's water , and yet he still prays for rain . He is driven to the ultimate torment with devastating consequences.The acting by the main actors , Montand , Depardieu and Auteil brings a greater depth to the story of good versus evil . The acting by the three leads is excellent , the costumes perfected to the period , and the scenery is beautiful mountainous countryside . French actors Depardieu and Auteil have starred in comedies , AuteilThe Closetand Depardieu was lead actor in an 80s American film , Green Cardand 1998The Man in the Iron Mask.Based on a novel by Marcel Pagnol , the film was made in 1986 and takes place in France after World War in the village of Providence . The film has won numerous awards . It is followed up by the continuing saga , Manon of the Spring , where 10 years later , de Florette 's beautiful daughter is the interest of the man involved in the scheme to destory her father . See this one only after watching Jean de Florette . ... Rizzo
 The acting -- pick any of the three stars , Yves Montand , Gerard Depardieu , Daniel Auteuil -- is superb , and the supporting cast excellent . But what makes this and its sequel , Manon des Sources -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , jewels of the French cinema is the story and the characterizations , which go hand in hand.There is genius in how naturally and almost inevitably the story unfolds . Although I have n't read the novel by Marcel Pagnol , I 'm sure he 's the genius . And this is not to slight Claude Berri 's direction which is invisible and at the same time in total control , so that the film is simply a work of art . The characters are true to themselves , and what they do seems natural because of who they are . Jean Florette -LRB- Depardieu -RRB- fails because he puts too much faith in science , knowledge and the good will and fairness of his fellow man . -LRB- He should have listened to his suspicious wife ! -RRB- Ugolin -LRB- Auteuil -RRB- , whose selfishness and little guy envy lead him to do the harm that he does , is not a despicable character . We do not hate him the way Manon understandably does . He is a man of weakness who gave into greed . Papet -LRB- Montand -RRB- , believes in the lineage of man , in property , money-all the standard burgher values . He is led to do his dirty deeds because of who he is.What is so , so superior in `` Florette '' compared to most movies is the lack of propaganda , the lack of adherence to some political or philosophic preconception . What shines forth is people living their lives and falling into some very human traps . I am reminded of Balzac and Guy De Maupassant in the depiction of the petit bourgeois life of the French peasantry and attendant psychology .
 This is the first half of a two-part movie , the second half being MANON OF THE SPRING . One of the things I love about this movie is that you do n't really realize what it is about until the very end of the second film . When you reach that point , and all secrets have been revealed , the story that the film tells is seen to be both extraordinarily beautiful and horrifically tragic.The first film is a story of pure rapacious greed that stoops to subterfuge and cruelty to obtain its desires . Yves Montand , in the last great achievement in a remarkable career , plays a grower who covets the water on an adjoining property , and with the help of his subservient relative Daniel Auteuil , they plot to frustrate the attempts of the land 's new tenant , a middle-class hunchback named Jean de Florette , played by G&eacute;rard Depardieu , to work the property . Jean , who is goodhearted , generous , and kind , is a firm believer in scientific principles , and hopes to make a success by applying the most up-to-date methods in his efforts . Unbeknownst to him , the spring that was to provide him with most of his water is blocked by his neighbors , and his experiment is doomed to failure , with tragic consequences.The plot of the two films is one of the best I know of in the past several decades , but unfortunately to relate it would be unfair to those who have not seen the film . I 'll content myself with saying that the film contains several major surprises , but surprises that are not there simply for the sake of shocking , but fulfill the potential of the story as a whole , and give the film a rich and deep significance.G&eacute;rard Depardieu is extraordinary as the unhappy Jean de Florette , and Yves Montand despicable as Le Papet , the neighbor . Although throughout most of his career known as a sophisticated , debonair , and charismatic leading man , in this film Montand plays completely against type . He is thoroughly convincing as a covetous , petty , and vicious rustic.This film can definitely be seen on its own , apart from MANON OF THE SPRING , but one must remember that doing so will leave many hidden aspects unexplored and resolved . Together , these two movies represent one of the great cinematic experiences of the past couple of decades .
 Jean De Florette and its sequel Manon of the Spring deserve all of the accolades and heart-felt praises you read here and elsewhere . I loved them as a 17-year old after stumbling across a special broadcast on PBS , and I love them today as a 29-year old recapturing the magic on DVD.It does n't get any better than this , folks . These films are simply bursting at the seams with poignant lessons on humanity . One which I admire the most is the tax collector-turned farmer 's -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- single-minded perseverance to realize his dream . One might argue that he selfishly ignored the well being of his wife and child in pursuing his dream . But I contend that he would not have chosen this path had he thought for one second that his family did not share the same passion . In fact , we observe nothing but unwavering love and support from his wife and child.For you travel lovers out there , is there a better way to immerse yourself in life in a quaint French village without leaving the comfort of your living room ? This is one of the reasons I love well-made foreign films . They transport you ever so eloquently to another land and time.Watch these films . I hope you enjoy them as much as I do .
 IN ANSWER TO THE FIRST REVIEW ABOUT THIS MOVIE , MOST PEOPLE -LRB- IN THE UNITED STATES -RRB- ARE REALLY IGNORANT OF WHAT GOOD FILMS ARE ALL ABOUT . THEY ARE BLINDED BY TODAY 'S `` HOLLYWOOD '' INDUSTRY WHICH IS LESS THAN PERFECT , TO SAY THE LEAST ... EVERYONE ...
 Gerard Depardieu is superb in this film , as are all of the characters . It is one of the most beautiful films I have seen ; however , it is imperative that Manon of the Spring -LRB- part II of this movie -RRB- be watched immediately afterward to obtain the full splendor of its telling . The scenery is gorgeous , and the acting splendid . It is a simple tale with simple people , and you have to be willing to get comfortable and spend the time it takes to watch the whole story without getting impatient . It will be worth the wait . It is the tale of French provincial farmers , their mentality . and the intrusion of a city fellow -LRB- Depardieu -RRB- who has inherited a farm and come to join their ranks . He wants to succeed and has a wonderfully positive outlook about his prospects . They just want to drive him out and have a negative attitude . They get their come-uppance through his daughter in the second film , Manon of the Spring , and the tale comes all the way around . It is one of the top five favorite films that I have ever seen . An exquisite little gem . If you like the Hollywood style , stay away from it - you 'll be bored to death . If you have the time to sit back and appreciate what 's in front of you , you will love it .
 Claude Berri 's `` Jean de Florette '' is a simple but sobering film depicting the evils of human nature . The story revolves around a hunchbacked tax collector named Jean de Florette -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- who travels to a piece of property he has just inherited . He brings along his wife and young daughter to the countryside and sees endless potential in the long-abandoned farm land that he now owns . Jean dreams of reaping endless profits from the vegetables and rabbits he will raise but all of his plans hinge on finding a fresh water spring that a map indicates is on his land . However , two neighboring farmers -LRB- Yves Montand and Daniel Auteuil -RRB- plot against him and plug the spring to guarantee Jean 's ruin . They want him to fail as this will force him to sell the land cheap to them . Time passes and Jean becomes more and more desperate when a drought ravages his crops and kills off his rabbits . He makes one last futile attempt to find the hidden water source that he knows is nearby but tragically meets his doom in the process . American audiences who are familiar with Depardieu only through his comedic work will be surprised at how well he handles himself in a dramatic role . He passionately brings to life his tragic farmer . Montand and Auteuil are equally memorable as the scheming villians who epitomize the less desirable traits of man . They provide the perfect contrast to Depardieu 's naive but noble character . However , the one image that will linger in your mind after the film is finished is that of actress Ernestine Mazurowna who plays Manon Cadoret , Jean 's daughter . Her performance toward the end of the film when she shifts from being traumatized to developing a revenge-fueled resolve raises the emotional level of the film to a crescendo . Powerful stuff . Do n't be scared off by the subtitles - watch this film if you get the opportunity .
 Jean de Florette '' et '' Manon du printemps '' &eacute;taient &agrave; un point un seul la production , mais a fendu dans un plus maniable en premier et deuxi&egrave;me vid&eacute;o les actes . Vainqueurs de plusieurs r&eacute;compenses du film majeures , ces deux films disent le histoire touchante d'un bossu expuls&eacute; , Jean -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- , qui possession des enregistrements d'un morceau de terre dans un village en France dans ordre fait un cultivez la vie pour sa femme et fille des labeurs de la ville loin . Le caract&egrave;re de Yves Montand , Cesar Soubeyran , ne peut pas porter voir le sien l'automne de la terre de famille dans les mains du Jean estropi&eacute; , donc lui et le sien le neveu , Ugolin , conspire pour boucher en haut la source seule d'eau sur le la terre . Le r&eacute;sultat est un coeur-tirer violemment sur la trag&eacute;die . Des profondeurs de d&eacute;sespoir dans '' Jean de Florette '' vient '' Manon du Le printemps '' . Ce film suit Jean maintenant-fille du grand , Manon -LRB- le Emanuelle B&eacute;art radiant -RRB- , comme elle vient se rendre compte comme le village complot&eacute; contre sa famille . Sa vengeance , pendant que sucr&eacute; , expos&eacute;s un cach&eacute; trag&eacute;die que profond&eacute;ment l'affecte victime ultime dans un chemin qui il n'aurait jamais imagin&eacute; . Ces deux films doivent tre envisag&eacute;s ensemble . '' Jean de fins Florette '' am&egrave;rement , n&eacute;cessiter une parution qui peut tre trouv&eacute;e dans '' Manon '' seulement . Le l'art de conter est rendu complet dans ce chemin . La direction dou&eacute;e de Claude Berri fait les deux filme le standout quand compar&eacute; avec le schlock Hollywood d'aujourd ` hui . Le d&eacute;veloppement du aux caract&egrave;res sont permis de d&eacute;plier patiemment et affectueusement , et dans une mani&egrave;re logique avec les vrais gens , pas coupe-circuit du carton et st&eacute;r&eacute;otypes . Vous sentez la douleur , la col&egrave;re , la trahison dans une mani&egrave;re logique avec notre tous les jours existence . Les deux films sont en franais avec les sous-titres . Pour ceux qui attendent le typique la fin franaise '' pendante '' , vous serez surprises &agrave; comme soigneusement toute l'intrigue les ficelles sont attach&eacute;es . Ces deux films sont un choix excellent pour ceux qui a tiqu&eacute; loin de films &eacute;trangers et eux les deux obtiennent ma plus haute estimation . Voyez-les bientt !
 This is a very good and moving film and , with it 's sequel `` Manon des Sources '' is truely excellent . It is not necessary to watch the sequel to appreciate Jean de Florette , but you will have to watch this first to make any sense of the the characters ' motivations in Manon.I just wanted to comment on the review that suggested that the film-maker 's motivation in splitting the two parts was financial . Look closely - the sequel takes place some 10 years later and uses the same cast . The story had to be broken up to allow everyone - especially the child Manon - to age sufficiently to continue.These are a couple of amazing films .
 I must say that this was one of the most touching , tragic and beautiful film/book I 've ever seen/read . I love this story so much because it is so absolutely realistic and that it is human nature to do what a lot of the characters in the film did . There were so many human flaws , which I love it so much . It was n't one of those movies where one character was absolutely perfect while the other one was downright horrible , but the flaws were evenly placed like real humans . We all have flaws , only different . We 're all different.Once again , I love the film , although I loved the book so much more . It was so much more touching than the film had been , although the movie was great ! The letters in the book were a lot more touching in the movie , maybe because I can actually see the spelling mistakes Ugolin and Papet makes . I wonder if they have spelling mistakes in the letters on the English version of the book ? -LRB- I read the French version -RRB- .
 It 's difficult to be a big movie fan in America because most of the movies that get spoon fed to us through the media are American movies , and the vast majority of those -- even those that come with good reviews -- are predictable , unbelievable , and dull.It is such a great pleasure , therefore , to stumble across a film like this , which is smartly told , wonderful to look at , original , and unpredictable . Needless to say , it is not an American film.The first joy of this film is the cinematography . It takes place in Provence , in the rural , farming area of this region . Between the rolling hills and the flowers and the trees and the ancient-looking farmhouses , it is just lovely to look at . It is a place which seems to draw you in , like a beautiful dream . You find yourself wishing you could be there , to live there , to grow carnations or raise rabbits there , as the characters do . The soundtrack conveys this as well , with the always and ever present sound of bees and crickets and songbirds in the air . It is very evocative , and truly plays a part in the events of the plot as well.For the plot has to do with a man , a city-dweller , who inherits a farm in this area , and with his wife and young daughter , decides to make a go of it . He is , however , frustrated by his neighbor , who secretly covets the farm because of the spring on it he wishes to have for himself . The neighbor blocks up this spring before the city man arrives , in the hopes that he can drive him out for lack of water . This is the story . We watch as the city man relentlessly attempts to survive in this place with its neverending short supply of water , and knowing that the solution to his problems is on his own property . It is a sad , beautiful , heart-breaking tragedy.The acting all around is superb , but that of Depardieu , the city man , is magnificent . His indefatigable , cheerful optimism in the face of adversity is uplifting and infectious , enveloping his wife and child and ultimately ourselves . He refuses to give up
 Jean de Florette is a beautifully made motion picture . This poignant tale is set in Provence in southern France . The beautiful scenery is truly breathtaking . Heard throughout , the haunting score will stay in your mind for days after viewing the film . Yves Montand is superb as the aging , greedy Cesar Soubeyran . Gerard Depardieu is never better than in the title role as the hopeful and yet tragic hunchback hero . The English sub-titles in no way detract from this cinematographical delight .
 *** This comment may contain spoilers *** I 'm not quite sure what the appeal is to this movie , but it 's definitely there . I 've watched this several times in the past 15 years and always got involved with it ... and it 's companion piece , `` Manon of the Spring . '' If given a choice , I prefer the latter movie , only perhaps because this is a frustrating story , seeing a good man get ruined simply for greed.Both stories are well-done . This tragic tale of two greedy people driving a nice man and his family off their land is not only frustrating but sad , especially since their is no happy ending , with the man dying while trying to salvage his property . The second film is years later when the daughter , now grown up , gets revenge.Gerald Depardieu is the nice guy here , the one we all root for while Yves Montand and Daniel Auteuil are the greedy jerks . These three are famous French actors who always give their audiences good performances.A big plus in this film is the very nice cinematography , which is why I bought this when it first came out on DVD . This is a fine visual movie , not just good storytelling .
 This customer was very pleasently surprized that I could find this movie ! It arrived sooner than expected and in good condition .
 Adapted from Marcel Pagnol 's two-volume novel , Claude Berri 's magnificent `` Jean de Florette '' -LRB- and its sequel , `` Manon of the Spring '' -RRB- , center on the bounty we owe to water , comprising two parts of one rich story . The great Yves Montand delivers a memorable , nuanced portrayal of the scheming `` Le Papet , '' while the equally brilliant Depardieu tugs at the heartstrings as determined hunchback Cadoret , who struggles against impossible odds to make his farm a success . Stunningly picturesque , `` Jean '' reaches a high watermark for period drama .
 What can we add about that glorious movie ? Wonderful script , powerful message , exceptional landscapes , superb cast . In fact , Depardieu gives one of his finest goals -LRB- at the level of Danton , Cyrano , Vatel or Novecento -RRB- . This film also threw to the sand to Daniel Auteil and Montand might have given the best achievement of his career as the greedy father.The story is quite simple . Depardieu tries to find a new life in a farm on the hills of a village , whose people do n't see him very well due his hauntchback.The epic spirit he arouses and all the crowd of situations make this story and this film a must reference when you consider the best Eighties French movies.Watch this film and please , do n't forget Manon the second part .
 This movie starts out slow . A man comes back to his farm village and he wishes to grow flowers , but there is an inadequate supply of water . The uncle wishes to purchase his neighbors land , which has a spring , but the neighbor is unwilling to sell . What happens next , I do not want to give away.The DVD is not that bad , but I had the feeling I was watching something which might have been a VHS tape . The lighting in the movie was at times a bit dark . But do not let this stop you from purchasing the DVD , just do not expect a showing with rich bright colors.I give the movie 5 stars , and the DVD 3 stars , so I avarage it out to 4 . If I could , I would give the movie more stars , and highly reccomend the follow up `` Manon of the Spring '' . The movie stands up to multiple viewings , and in some ways is even better the second time around .
 Bonne intrigue , Bien fait et bien jou&eacute;.La preuve que les effets sp&eacute;ciaux et les gadgets ne sont pasn&eacute;cessaires pour obtenir un excellent film .
 This DVD should settle the argument over wide screen vs. full screen format . The director fills every inch of the screen with beauty . It would be a shame to lose any of it . And for those with regular 4:3 TVs , the subtitles are mostly in the black area . I can not exceed the praise written below for this film and wo n't try .
 Jean de Florette captures something eternal in the story about the struggle to secure a property and source of water for the garden that Jean plants . The cycle of frustration , greed and vengeance -- which is the history of mankind -- is completed in Manon des sources . So get that one too ! The film itself is magical in the way we are carried away completly into the small world of a century ago in the hills of Provence , almost like being there . If you are learning French , here is something for which the language is really worth learning .
 Great performances . Terrific script . Get it with Manon of the Spring -LRB- the sequel -RRB- .
 Released within a year of each other , `` Jean de Florette '' and `` Manon des Sources '' -LRB- aka `` Manon of the Spring '' -RRB- are often viewed and reviewed separately , but the truth is that they 're integral parts of a single story which needs to be seen in sequence for its full impact to be revealed.Set in the 1920 's , both explore the stark realities of the tough existence and myopic intrigue that was an integral part of life in the Luberon 's stunningly pretty countryside & villages before the march of time transformed them into `` must see '' tourist destinations . Beautifully filmed and meticulously crafted , their brilliantly effective evocation of the realities of this now lost and very different world elevates each into the category of truly outstanding cinema - visual feasts that re-create what life was really like , good and bad , in what we now see as an `` idyllic '' time.And , as entertainment ? Well , `` Jean de Florette '' wins in terms of having the stronger and most obvious `` plot '' , enhanced by Gerard Depardieu 's tremendous performance as a man seeking to realise his vision in the face of insurmountable odds . But that is , as `` Manon des Sources '' reveals , only half the story , for beneath the tragedy of `` Jean de Florette '' is a much more tragic sequence of events . Slower , more reflective and , in the end , deeply moving , `` Manon des Sources '' is not simply a `` follow-up '' but the key to understanding the full story on offer.Individually each `` works '' and , as such , stands in its own right as an excellent film , but it is only when seen together that their true power is revealed . You really do need to see both ...
 ... and not a star!This one , together with `` The Return of Martin Guerre '' , `` Cyrano de Bergerac '' and `` Tout les Matins du Monde '' made him what he is today . Unfortunately , he seems to have forgotten.Granted , it is a foreign movie , a French one at that , but the humanity contained in it , prevails over mountains and oceans.A story of greed , love , hate , passion , jealousy and everything that comes with life.A simple and yet complex story , which could easily be transposed anywhere and yet , in its French setting it seems more poetic.Its beautiful music , adapted from Verdi 's `` La Forza del Destino '' , will make you hum it without end.But , if you are truly interested in the full story , you will also have to buy `` Manon of the Spring '' . Without it you may still love this movie , but will never understand its ending.Yves Montand , Daniel Auteuil and Emanuelle Beart -LRB- in `` Manon '' -RRB- perform admirably and catch you with strong performances.Such movies are rare to come by and this one is really a must for every good movie lover .
 Jean De Florette takes you into a bucolic environment of hypocrisy and superficial envious interests towards dismissed ones , among green French landscapes of farmer 's adversity against any foreigner , an Stigma that means both loneliness and passive psychological aggression , greedy and unwelcoming , micro cells of rejection and unfair judgment . Jean Cadoret comes to take on the land he inherits from his late mother Florette , along with his wife -LRB- Aimee Cadoret -RRB- and daughter -LRB- Manon -RRB- , Jean initiates a utopia of peace and beauty , contemplation and inner state of grace . Little does he knows the faithful tragedy this countryside means , every effort to overcome is a step closer to despair , poor Manon , such an unnecessary faith , the Hunchback is finally aside their mean intentions.After doing his time in the army , Ugolin comes back to meet his only alive relative , Cesar Soubeyran -LRB- Le Papet -RRB- , with a little red torn plan to become rich , and it is in this moment when Papet sets Ugolin to carry on his will for the sake and perdurability of the Soubeyran strong and respected name , only one obstacle stands in , the necessary land , and most important , an spring overwhelming enough to drank the flowers towards their red adult state , this is Florette 's land , now in the hands of his son , the Hunchback , known here as Jean De Florette . And so , Ugolin fakes a friendship with Jean , only to systematically destroy this man 's fair dream , Jean Cadoret will die ignoring the existence of the spring that could have turned on his despair into a bliss . Revenge will be at Manon 's hands.Directed by the audacious Claude Berri -LRB- his directorial credits includes , A Man and a Woman 1966 , and Germinal 1993 -RRB- , the film narrates the perils and sorrows of a man and his determination to confront adversity within hope and emotion , cruelty is the other side of an envy worthy of any cold hearted patriarch , and Papet represents the director 's composure of the survival instinct . Rhythm and straight sense conveys the images into a poem of loss , Magnificent . A greening accurate scenery , along with an amazing and light photography , makes justice to every countryside frame , it is both exquisite and delicate , perfectly blended into images , a little shining jewel enhanced by an smooth and classical music score by Jean-Claude Petit -LRB- including the overture of Giuseppe Verdi 's Opera
 One , if not the , most outstanding films -LRB- and books -RRB- ever ! The two films are not a film and its sequel . They are one story too long to relate onto the screen in one film . I saw it in 1986 when I was 19 and I cried buckets ! At 37 I am still bawling . Beautiful and clear in its depiction of human frailties and strengths .
 The performance of all actors , especially Gerard Depardieu is top-notch . The story has a sad ending , but thought provoking . The excitement , energy and the fierce determination of Jean de Florette is inspiring . This city dweller is so determined to succeed as a farmer that he will give up under no circumstance . Beware that the French spoken in this movie is not the Parisian French , the Provence accent makes it very hard to understand , in case you are a student of French . -LRB- There are French subtitles too , besides English , so that helps a lot -RRB- .
 Jean de Florette is filled with several twist and turns . It 's full with emotions and greed . It shows what people are capable to do when they are filled with selfishness . The performance of Gerard Depardieu is excellent . Foreign films are the best because they do n't revolve around comedy all the time but focus on events that happen in real life .
 Although new to French Cimema , this film has introduced me to some wonderful acting and cinematography . The set is impressive and the music is memorable.Having watched Jean de Florette first , I believe it warrants five stars of it 's own accord . Manon des Sources is far superior , but there are n't many films that hold a candle to Manon , foreign language or otherwise.I certainly agree that this has to be seen to appreciate Manon . With these two films being one of the rarities in film making , where the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
 Jean de Florette -LRB- 1986 -RRB- is the screen adaptation of Part 1 of Marcel Pagnol 's superb novel , L'eau des Collines -LRB- The Water from the Hills , 1963 -RRB- . It is the story of two competing projects , one carried out by the city-dweller Jean Cadoret , and the other by the peasants Ugolin and Cesar Soubeyran , set in the rustic and picturesque environment of Provence in the 1920s . Since I assume that by now everyone is familiar with Pagnol 's story , let us briefly examine what makes this story so compelling.A good story must have a plot , a compelling conflict , and characters that we care about who change as a result of their experiences . This particular story qualifies unquestionably as a good one , on all the points . One of the main reasons for its success is the fact that the viewer is kept in suspense , continuously questioning the outcome of the story . We can see that a large part of the scriptwriter 's role is to ask questions , and then provide the right answers at the right time . These answers can be partial , ambiguous , even contradictory , in order to reinforce the viewer 's suspense and questioning.The first question posed in Jean de Florette concerns the success of Ugolin and Cesar in their `` carnation project . '' Will they succeed in getting the critical water necessary for the cultivation of these flowers ? This question interests us because these two characters have been introduced as somewhat likable , worthy of our support . Later on in the film , we have second thoughts about the integrity of Ugolin and Cesar , who now appear to us as violent and deeply unprincipled . However , the positive , first impression made by the two Soubeyrans still persists within us.A second question rises with the arrival of Jean Cadoret . Will his project of raising rabbits , a project directly in conflict with Ugolin 's , succeed ? Although we may have considered at first Jean as an intruder who comes and upsets Ugolin 's plan , we also realize that the dice are loaded in Ugolin 's favor , and our sympathy slowly shifts toward Jean . But we still keep a somewhat favorable image of Ugolin and Cesar , still hoping for positive answers to the first two questions that are raised.Pagnol now determines that the progress of the drama toward its conclusion , that is to say the answers to these two questions , will depend on subjective , internal factors , such as the personalities or the stubbornness of the characters , and not on external or providential circumstances.Thus , the new questions now being posed are about the nature of the characters . Can Ugolin carry out his duplicitous game to its conclusion ? Will he make a mistake and be discovered , or will he be overcome by a sense of guilt and help Jean by revealing the presence of the spring at `` les Romarins ? '' The viewer hopes that in the end Ugolin will give in to his positive instincts . As for Cesar , the spectator knows that he will never abandon Ugolin 's project . Yet the viewer has detected something peculiar concerning Cesar 's reaction when Florette 's departure from the village is mentioned . We therefore suspect that somehow Florette 's past relationship with Cesar could bring about a positive change in his behavior . Independently , Jean 's character will also dominate the outcome of the story . We wonder if his enthusiasm , boundless optimism , and his erudition will somehow contribute to his failureWe are torn between the two conflicting wishes for the success of two conflicting projects . This is the originality of Jean de Florette and what distinguishes this story from the usual , vulgar Manichaean novels or films.The themes are the city versus the country , modern versus traditional , good versus bad , and memory versus oblivion.Jean , returning to the country to cultivate the `` othentic , '' is an idealist , more or less in the Jean-Jacques Rousseau tradition . He has abandoned the city life to return to his country roots . His knowledge has all been acquired in books . He speaks in the idiom of the bureaucrat that he was . He constantly quotes statistics to guide his project and to convince himself and his listeners how Nature should and will behave . He tackles his project with a definitively modern , scientific approach , having made the proper calculations for his project . Nothing is left to chance
 `` Jean de Florette '' is a classic French film about the tragic consequences of greed and envy . Jean -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- leaves his job in the city and brings his wife and little daughter , Manon , to live on the farm he has just inherited . He does not know that there is an excellent spring on his land , but his neighbor Cesar -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- and his nephew Ugolin know , and they want it for themselves . They plug up the spring , planning to force Jean to sell the property -LRB- to them -RRB- . Jean is an idealist and joyously begins raising rabbits and planting vegetables with the help of his trusty manuals , but there is no rain and the crops will die if something is not done.The story unfolds at a leisurely pace , allowing plenty of time to get to know loving Jean , unscrupulous Cesar , and simple Ugolin . The pace of village life is slow and the land is hard ; the scheme to drive Jean away gradually gets more sinister . The three lead actors are all excellent and so convincing you 'll be mesmerized . The photography is quite lovely . The ending may come as a surprise if you do n't know that this is part one of two films ; the second , `` Manon of the Spring , '' continues the story.Kona
 I am an avid movie fan , preferably American movies from the late 30 's and 40 's . I was introduced to Jean de Florette by my brother in New Orleans . I was mesmerized . This is truly the way movies should be made . It has a very simple theme , minimal dialogue , wonderful casting , and most importantly , incredible cinematography.I learned more about rural France and its people from this movie than I ever have from any other source . This movie actually transported me to a different place , simply through its quiet strength and extrordinary beauty . This movie plays like Hemingway -LRB- at his best -RRB- read ; fundamental brilliance . Please see it .
 I have a general rule when it comes to Gerard Depardieu , if he 's playing sexy then pass but if he 's playing a character then keep.Depardieu is the title character in Jean de Florette . Jean has inherited his mother 's family farm . He is bringing his wife and young daughter Magnon . Jean did not grow up in the area so even though it is his family farm , he is an outsider.To further complicate things , he has a slight hunchback , which the villagers take as a curse.Caesar -LRB- Yves Montand -RRB- , the farmer next door and his nephew -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- would like to buy the land and expand their holdings.But Jean looks at this as a chance to build a new life and refuses . Therefore Caesar plots to force Jean out , including stopping up his spring.Jean 's new life is hard but he makes it work . That is until there is a drought . Jean eventually works himself to death . His widow sales the farm to Caesar . The final scene is Caesar and his nephew unplugging the spring but unknown to them , little Magnon sees this.Claude Beri is on of the great French directors . He has captured the flavor the rural France at the turn of the century . This is Depardieu 's finest performance and is the first film that brought future French superstar Daniel Auteuil to the American filmgoer . And it is nice to see Yves Montand again.This is part one of two films call Pagnol 's Water Stories . The second is the even better , Magnon of the Springs . But both films stand alone and you do not need to see both - but it is recommended.DVD EXTRAS
 One of my personal favorites . . along with Manon of the Spring . I ca n't recommend this film highly enough . The personal drama captures one immediately .
 Jean de Florette , along with Manon of the Spring are among the best movies ever made . A rich , poignant morality tale in the South of France touches on the basic issues of life
 I saw this film in french class a few years ago . It was a brilliant movie and so thought of doing it for my final french exam
 This is undoubtedly one of the best films ever to come from France ... The film takes place in Province , & tells the story of a Hunchback -LRB- jean De Florette -RRB- , who inherits an old farm from his late uncle . He has previously worked in the city as a tax inspecter & decides to bring his wife & daughter to the farm to start a new life , raising rabbits to support the family . -LRB- Not Carnations -RRB- . His neighbours block up the only water source that the farmland has , so his job is made virtually imposible , hence the scenes of carrying water to the farm ... The neighbours want to buy the land from him to grow carnations , so that they can sell them themselves ... The tale of hardship & deceit that unfolds is very touching , & the story is truly one of the classics in French literature . The film closely follows the original story by Marcel Pagnol , & the photography in this film is truly stunning ... this is what Province really looks like ... Buy it ! ... The film `` Manon des sources '' is the concluding part of this powerful story .
 this is really a very very touching video , my first time viewing this video lead me to think about the evil side of human being . I have viewed this video several times still with the same impression . why people are so greedy even in a beautiful village ? I have recommended this video to all my friends and colleagues that love films . Anyone who see this film would have to view `` Manon of the Spring '' also which ends the story .
 Worth the Subtitles by far . Worth watching all 6 hours at once .
 This story stands on its own write as inevitable Grecian tragedy building on the prideful ignorance of Jean , the main character . He does not know of the spring which was blocked and concealed by the neighbor who desires not only his land to grow chrysthanthemums upon , but one day when she blooms , his daughter Manon . With the conspiracy of friends , this covetous neighbor blocks the spring which would bring life and fertility to the farm . Jean tries everything including tragically dynamite to bring the waters to flow with abundant life.When all is too late we discover unknown family ties which would have made Jean not a rejected outsider intruding upon and rejected by this enclosed and impoverished mountain farming community but embraced as a lost son . At that point the characters can only stand back and lament their realization come far too late . The inevitable development and tragedy of these two films together is as stately as as horrifying as a trilogy of ancient Greek plays , as profound and as universal . Watch them carefully and rivers of understanding will wash you with renewed humanity .
 In my opinion , the best French movie ever made . Together with the sequel -LRB- Manon des sources -RRB- it displays a thrilling drama . It is n't till the end of the second movie , you begin to understand how dramatic the events really are .
 Claude Berri directs this adaptation of Marcel Pagnol 's epic tragedy set in rural France during the 1920s . In addition to the beautiful scenery of the southern French coutryside , the direction and acting create a most touching drama on the human condition.Jean de Florette -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- is a city man whose inheritance of a small tract in rural France encourages him to abandon his urban life and become a farmer . Confident that the land holds a spring to quench the parched earth , Jean becomes obsessed with applying his newly learned agricultural skills . Although Jean understands the science of agriculture , he 's innocent as to the mindset of farmers such as his neighbors played by Yves Montand and Daniel Auteuil . His idealistic notion of pastoral life deceives him into thinking that his neighbors are welcoming and honest folk who wish to help him in his pursuits
 This is one of my all-time favourite films , and I do n't normally watch many foreign films . If you want to pick a foreign film to get a taste of what might be on offer than the usual English/American style , this is a good place to start . It 's deeply French , deeply meaningful , and deeply haunting and beautiful . It 's themes of renewal , hope , betrayal and fate are as old as the quaint French limestone hills upon which it is based.The style may be slow for some , but the depth of the characters , the realism of the story , and the tragic unfolding of the narrative will undoubtedly inspire more thoughtful viewers.The film is only the first part of an unfolding story , which concludes in Manon de Sources -LRB- Manon of the Spring -RRB- . As a whole the story is well rounded , true to life and deeply fulfilling . The writer Pagnol , is widely recognised as a genuis , the director and the actors/actresses reputations preceed them . This film does them justice . Be prepared for a moving and well-written experience , and do n't miss the astonishing unfolding of revenge and hope in the sequel.A truly inspiring work , well adapted to film . The book also is a great read-The Water of the Hills .
 As I sat and watched this movie I first thought of having first seen Manon of the Spring but it did n't take long for me to get entirely wrapped up in the storyline of the haunchback and all of his misfortunes wrought at the hands of his wicked , jealous neighbors.When you watch this movie you 'll spot people in your own life who play the part of the covetous next door neighbors . You may even see stories in your own life play out concurrently while you watch this story.The French certainly do know how to tell a story . I like how they take their time to let the details of the story unfold and do n't rush too much or skip entirely over interesting details . This movie is a must have for any foreign film buffs .
 I had to watch this movie for my college French class . The scenery is beautiful , if a little rugged . I enjoyed the talents of the cast immensely , especially those of the young Ernestine Marzurowna , who played Manon Cadoret . It 's interesting that although she does n't have very many speaking parts , her body language expresses her character 's feelings very well . I also enjoyed G&eacute;rard Depardieu 's performance as Jean Cadoret . The viewer really gets a sense of Jean 's nave , but optimistic attitude toward farming . This is a classic story of the dichtomy between greed -LRB- on the part of Ugolin and C&eacute;sar Soubyeran -RRB- and survival -LRB- on the part of Jean and his family -RRB- in difficult times . I ca n't wait to see the sequel , `` Manon of the Spring '' !
 This is one of the best films . It of course must be seen with Manon of The Spring . Seen together the story is complete . It is the best story put to film I have seen to date . If you do not speek French and do not like reading subtitled films this is one that will change your mind .
 This beautifully filmed and acted masterpiece must be seen with its companion film and conclusion of the story , Manon of the Springs , to be fully appreciated . Although each film stands on its own , it is the full story that they , combined , tell that makes the experience of the film so profound . It is a crime that they are not offered together.The story of greed and deception , of cruel avarice leading to tragic consequences , is further enhanced in the terrible irony and effect of mistakes and devastating secrets revealed in the second film . However , this film is complete in telling the first part of the story as we watch a kind and humane man , albeit naive , the Jean of the title -LRB- Depardieu -RRB- undone by two neighbors -LRB- Montand & Autielle -RRB- who covet his farmland . Jean 's desperation and anguish as he struggles to keep his dream alive is achingly conveyed by Depardieu in a brilliant performance.The two films also gave that old master , Yves Montand , one last magnificent role to cap his career . He is simply wonderful as a shrewd and coldly calculating patriarch , his lazily sly eyes bitterly amused by his manuevers , setting in motion events that will reverberate and return to him in ways he could not possibly fathom . It is so rich and full a performance , that spans both films , that you will be surprised by your different emotions about this man . Montand 's work here should not be missed by anyone who loves great acting . He is ably matched by Daniel Autielle as his torn , sad , and conflicted nephew.Directed with great care and beautifully filmed in the countryside of southern France , Jean de Florette is a fine film by itself . But , when seen with Manon of the Springs , the two together make a masterpiece of the consequences of cruelty and greed.Let 's hope they get Manon on DVD and box them together . 4 stars each , 5 together .
 Not to be missed . This is one of those sub-titled movies that you watch and do n't even realize it 's sub-titled -- kind of like The Red Violin , another of my all-time favorites.I cried buckets while watching this movie .
 Truly , this is one of my all-time favorite movies . It is a realistic story that has made it possible for me to see how one thinks and how one acts in life , and how everything has its reason in the end . Highly recommended movie , Cheers , Branko Miros
 This movie has the simple feel of a provincial or pastoral folktale . A farmer , Le Papet -LRB- played by Yves Montand -RRB- and his nephew , Ugolin -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- scheme against the city inheritor , Jean Cadoret -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- of a neighboring farm , keeping secret from him the whereabouts of a hidden spring . Ugolin wants the land to grow flowers on ; Jean has plans for breeding rabbits and growing vegetables . Jean comes with his books and statistics about crops and the weather ; he has faith in his knowledge , but believes in God 's providence , too . He is a hunchback as well , which only adds to our sympathies . A drought comes and sure enough the lack of water ruins him and the farm is sold to Ugolin . But Jean 's little daughter learns of the spring just before they leave , which sets up the action for the sequel
 I had seen the movie years ago - now , I can see it anytime I want !
 Jean de Florette and the sequel Manon of the Spring are two of the best films I have ever seen ! The story is so powerful and beautifully depicted by the actors involved ! The basic emotion of greed drives Yves Montand to do things that ultimately end in tragedy -- in more ways than one ! Watch both movies ! You will not regret it !
 This is one of those films that continues to haunt the imagination years after you see it . The conflict is so classic
 ... because the depth of this film will want it to soar away . The story in itself gives an incredible foresight on the human spirit and the perserverance one endures when presented against incredible obstacles . It also shows how one person 's act of evil can mean no more than the changing of one 's shoes , while to the victim it is a challenge of the will to survive , the struggle to believe that there is a reason for everything and all the while maintain a deep faith in God and His acts . A must ! -LRB- and to be followed with `` Manon of the Spring '' -RRB-
 This film beautifully and gracefully brings the most universal topic of all , human nature , to the screen version of Pagnol 's celebrated novel . Yves Montand 's character greedily wants Gerard Depardiu 's character 's adjacent farm so he deviously plots against him yet lures him into thinking that he is his good , trusted friend . This is not played on a grand scale but on a human and intimate scale . There is also no motive besides outright greed . The French location shooting is gorgeous and adds much to the film 's impact . This was a huge art house hit in the 1980s upon its release in the USA .
 As a movie animal that saw everything that came out -LRB- well , before we had kids , anyway . . -RRB- this movie and its sequel comprise my favorite film -LRB- s -RRB- of all time . It tells its tale of greed with humor , anger , irony -- absolutely unforgettable ! I 'm truly a better person for having seen it . I 'm SOOO glad to see it out on DVD , now that my VHS copy is getting old .
 Jean de Florette is a creative portrayal of life in southern France , many years ago . The plot revolves around two men in search of water for their farm . Alas , they have none on their property ; the nearest spring is on the neighbor 's land . Thus , the two connive to get the owner to sell the property , but it does n't work . This is the story of their struggle - and their neighbors . Great acting , and surprising plot . One must see the sequel , it completes the story and adds to the over-all effect .
 A masterpiece especially after watching its equally wonderful and surprising sequel , Manon of the Spring . The realism and attention to detail not to mention the scenery make the difference . The story starts as a city man moves his family to the countryside of Provence to start a new life . His enthusiasm for this venture is contagious but eventually is not enough . Auteuil , Depardieu , Montand are marvelous in their roles .
 The story takes place in Provence where the landscape is both barren and bountiful . The characters reflect these attributes as one seeks self-sufficiency while his neighbor plots to drive him off . If you ca n't visit Provence in the spring , this is the next best thing .
 Jean de Florette and Manon the Spring have very special place in my movie collection . These are very long , French movies . Often some people just hate French movies , because they are so pecked with meaning and philosophy , and they are so lengthy and slow . Although , I can not say that this movie is too different from the typical european cinema stereotype , Jean de Florette is very moving and powerful movie . These two movies , together , bring to us the historical picture of the late 19th century , France . I thought the movie had a great theme
 I 've been a fan for Lee Evans for a while and his Live in Scotland DVD is one of his best , not the best just one of . Not too long and not too short , Lee Evans punches out hilarious jokes and sketches with perfect timing and comedic ease . Lee Evans delivers tear jerking laughter while using everyday occurences and impersonations of unknown common people as his subject matter . This DVD is a perfect example of what kind of comedian Evans is . Using physical comedy mixed with voice acting and clever stories , Lee 's performance will but a smile on anyones face.A highly recommended comedy DVD from one of Britains most successful and treasured comedians .
 Piper was great in this movie , I love the bar scenes . The music done by Piper was great . And Adam was great as well . However , the supportive dad role was realistic , more or less . That was the part played by John Goodman . Overall I think this is a great movie , despite the one flaw -LRB- which was n't really that bad -RRB- .
 Movie Summary
 My Name is Steve by the way , i love this movie about a small town girl named Violet , who wants to be a song writer . Piper perabo stars , and i hope she got a award for this movie or something . Cause she did wonderful . She moves to New York for her dream to become a songwriter , she s depserate and broke so get s job in A Coyote ugly bar as a barmaid in a hot nightclub in town . Its wild !! its fun !! , its great !! outrageous , Dancing girls , Music , even the song from Defleppard , pour some sugar on me . if you r looking for a fun movie its highly recommend it ! very good , so get it now !
 Jerry Bruckheimer is a wonderful director . He continues to display his talents in this entertaining film with a good cast.The plot is fairly simple , but it works for this movie . A young songwriter from New Jersey , who has a severe case of stagefright , moves to New York to hopefully `` make it . '' Stuggling financially , she takes a job as a bartender/waitress at a wild bar named `` Coyote Ugly . '' Here , the `` eye-candy '' female bartenders partake in wild stage acts to enhance the bar 's nightlife image . While working at this bar ann befriending several other workers , the young songwriter , Violet , hopes to break into the entertainment industry.Rising star , Piper Perabo , plays the perfect Violet , and John Goodman is an excellent compliment to her as her father . Besides , Goodman practically steals the whole movie in the very last scene , but you 'll have to buy the film to see what I mean . Maria Bello , who plays the owner of the bar , also adds in a steller performance , not to forget , Adam Garcia , who plays Violet 's love interest quite nicely , although his character develops late in the film . Add in supermodel , Tyra Banks , in a cameo role , and the movie just grows on you.On the whole , this was a pretty good movie . It was fairly fast-paced , and the storyline , although simplistic , was well-defined . The actresses were very pleasing to the eye , and they all acted well together , providing an overall nice cohesive film . It is a good , solid effort .
 For those of you who watched the previews and think Coyote Ugly is a substitute for a soft-core porn movie , you 'd be wrong . It 's basically a `` chick-flick '' film where the heroine overcomes adversity -LRB- in Violet 's case , shyness -RRB- to reach eventual success as a songwriter . The beautiful bartenders are thrown in there only to entice some of the male audience to come watch the film -LRB- they really are nice to look at -RRB- . There 's no skin shown , though there is quite a lot of `` exotic dancing '' in the movie . It 's a rather cliche theme and you know how the movie will end half-way through watching it , but amazingly , you 'll still find yourself enjoying the ending . Violet 's adorably innocent face makes you care how she ends up , and the love scenes are touchingly sappy . Find yourself smiling after watching it .
 I completely loved this movie . It has great music hott gurls that work in a bar , and then the future of a girl . I dont wan na spoil any of the movie but I just wan na say that it was aswome so you should buy it .
 This is one of our favorite movies . I had one and somewhere it got lost . Now we can watch it again . Thanks
 `` Coyote Ugly '' has to be the best romantic dramedy this year , even though this year has had it 's share of bad romances-Autumn in New York , Down to You and The Next Best Thing just to name a few . The bar dancing scenes are incredible accompanied by a fantastic soundtrack including one of my favorites , `` Pour Some Sugar on Me '' . Plus there are two new great songs from LeAnn Rimes , who is also in the movie , but I 'm not reviewing the soundtrack so I 'll skip this . And that 's just the stuff you see in the previews . What you do n't see on the surface through the previews are the great performances from newcomer Piper Perabo , Adam Garcia and the always great John Goodman . the story is mainly about Piper Perabo 's character , nicknamed Jersey , who goes into the big city trying to get someone to perform her well written songs . She runs into several problems with a new boyfriend , some disagreements with her father , and many crazy encounters at the bar `` Coyote Ugly '' . The title is explained in the movie to mean when you go home with a one night stand after a night of big drinking and you wake up with someone so ugly that you would rather chew your arm off than wake them up to know you 're leaving . Believe me , you 're not going to feel that way leaving this one ! BUY THIS MOVIE !!!
 I went into this film with not one clue as to what it was about . I had heard Jessica Simpson was up for a role at one stage and assumed it was to be your typical teen-flick for young , annoying girls - I was dead-wrong . As a huge movie fan , and one who enjoys strong stories like Seven and American History X , I can assure you that it takes a lot to impress me . I 'm not saying this is an original story , or that it packs a punch like those two films , but it certainly is an enjoyable film with strong characters that you really come to like very quickly . Maria Bello is fantastic as the straight-talking owner of Coyote Ugly , and Adam Garcia plays a sweet and noble comic collector to perfection . Do n't trust the reviews that say this is crap - the story is solid , the cast is flawless and the music will have you out to buy the soundtrack in no time .
 This `` Coyote '' ai n't `` Ugly '' ! Actually the thing that you may mainly be fooled by is the trailer - `` Is this a plotless , PG-13 version of `` Showgirls '' ? '' Actually it 's not . The people that actually decided to see it -LRB- which was no small amount - $ 60 million worth -RRB- found that it was about a young female songwriter , played exceptionally well by rising star Piper Perabo , who moves into the big city trying to sell her music and finds herself working and the craziest bar since the Ti -- y Twister in `` From Dusk Till Dawn '' . Of course the men will be more than entertained by the hot , dancing barmaids which make some great `` action '' scenes for the film , but what for the women ? The women actually get more out of it than the men . A great plot-the storyline mentioned earlier plus getting rid of stage fright , setting things straight with her father , finding how far a true love would go . Great overall movie , good characters , good acting , good setting . Truely a good movie for everyone . Just go see it ! Deserves at least a rental but my DVD collection would n't be perfect without it ! `` Coyote Ugly '' !!
 Coyote Ugly is a fantastic movie that not only incorporates that typical ... guy finds girl , loses girl , gets girl back ... chick flick storyline , but also a whole lot of fun and excitement . It was in my opinion , one of the cutest and funnest movies of 2000 . Piper -LRB- Violet-leading actress -RRB- played the right role for the part . She has an innocent face that 's hard not to fall in love with . As for the leading actor , he too shines in his part , with his down to earth personality that depicts the hard-working population of society . I highly recommend this movie , not only for the so called , `` hot babes , '' -LRB- as many males would describe it -RRB- but for the countless breathtaking moments of desire for sweet love . If you 're a romantic , you 'll surely LOVE this movie , because I know I did . Leann Rimes really fit in great in the picture also . Her songs worked magic upon the atmosphere of the movie . I even have the soundtrack ! Anyhow , I hope all of you watch this movie because I 'm sure both guys and girls will enjoy it , and maybe you 'll appreciate your significant other afterwards ... or strive to reach your career .
 Coyote Ugly is a nice movie , and although it may not be apparent from the trailer or the pictures from the movie , there is a fine story included , to add to the pleasure of seeing beautiful ladies dancing to great songs on the top of a bar.It is the story of a young lady , Violet , who leaves South Amboy N.J. and goes to New York to become a famous songwriter.There is one slight problem though , she has stagefright and it is not easy to make people hear your songs if you can not sing them.On top of that , her house gets robbed and she runs out of money.At that point , she learns about the bar named Coyote Ugly -LRB- why would a bar be named like that ? -RRB- and gets a chance to work there.In the meantime , she also meets Kevin O'Donnel , a young Australian and a love interest starts between them.The rest is the funny adaptation of Violet to the crazy and wild environment of Coyote Ugly and her struggle to overcome her stagefright to finally make it to the bigtime.The songs are definitely worth mentioning , both because they are important to the story of Violet and because they are really beautiful.Leanne Rimes is the voice of Violet singing and she does a great job altering her voice to make us believe that it is really Violet singing.The DVD includes a lot of extras , and also some deleted scenes which for me are the most important element of any dvd 's bonus features.Just do n't bother with how cheesy the storyline is , and how much this movie looks like a lot of movies we have seen before.Then I guarantee you will have fun watching Coyote Ugly .
 Classic genre - underdog trying to make her dreams come true . . A sexy story that surprising ends well . . Violet moves to the big city in the hopes of taking her writing career to the next level . . Reality check has her desperate for work in a city where no one ever listens . . Coyote Ugly - possibly the sexiest club man has ever seen -LRB- a modern day Moulin Rouge -RRB- - Enter the young - innocent - inexperienced Violet . . Will she fit into the world of the `` Coyotes '' ?? . . Cameo appearence by country singing sensation LeAnn Rimes - Little unknown fact - LeAnn provided all the vocals performances for Violet . . Piper apparently ca n't sing - but boy can she act ! 5 Stars . . :D . . An Excellent Sexy movie . . : D
 This movie is a pretty touching story that focuses on one persons struggle to reach her dream . A small town girl wants to be a songwritter so she sets her sights on the big city of NY to try and make it big . problem is in NY its who you know and she knows no one . After her low rent apartment is robbed she stays determined and gets the only job she thinks she can get which is the hot bar called Coyote Ugly . The bar is the complete opposite of her as instead of her being shy , she has to act spontanious and wild . wo n't get all in the details but pretty much leads to her finding the perfect guy , accepted by her father to live her dreams , and well , find her dreams . A movie to definately check out since it has the tenderness for the women and the girls dancing naughty for the guys .
 This was pretty good . I only watched it because someone else recommended it . When I saw the trailers when it first came out , I thought it would be sleazy -- kinda like a cross between `` Cocktail '' and `` Showgirls '' . Turns out , it is not like that . Yes , it does take place in a bar where girls dance , but you do not see any flesh -LRB- at least not more than you see on the nightly news , but nothing bared -RRB- . It is a good story about a girl fighting for her dreams against the odds , the ups and downs and it ends formulaicly happy , but that is what most of us want anyhow . A good date movie , a good family movie -LRB- teens -RRB- , kinda mellow , good music .
 This movie is about a shy girl , Violet , who moves away from home in New Jersey and goes to live in New York . She makes the move to help further her music writing career . In the process she takes a job at a bar , Coyote Ugly , and sheds her shyness as she sings and dances at the bar . She meets a boy , Kevin , who helps her to get over her fear of singing in front of others . The music by Lee Ann Rhimes adds great taste to the movie . I think it is a great movie because of the characters and excellent plot . It is definately a movie to watch over and over .
 Ok I really like this movie I mean the story line was awesome . I watched it so many times at a friends house then borrowed it to take home . My mom watched it and hated it . She did not like the way the girls danced ... . i dunno I thought it was great ...
 Yes , one can say that the story is a little lame ... however , Piper transforms it into a great movie
 I thought that Coyote Ugly was an awesome movie . Piper Perabo has great talent and should be given or sought out for more roles . This movie is a definite must see , as well as , a must have . The music for the movie was right on , although I would have loved to hear Piper 's voice on more of the songs . She is definite STAR material ... : - -RRB-
 Coyote Ugly is a fun look at a girl trying to make it to the top . While looking for a part-time job she encounters the ` Coyotes ' that run a bar called ` Coyote Ugly ' . And the fun begins . This film makes me wish that there is a place called Coyote Ugly . All the Actresses acted beautifuly and sensual to everything they do in the film ! The Soundtrack of the film is also very interesting with a mix of pop , rock and country . This is one of the many movies that I would definetly want to get on DVD !!!
 If your into the ` chick flick ' type movies , then you have to see this movie . Its awesome . It shows real girl power . Girls can have a great time running a bar , too ! Its a great movie if your having a girls night in or whatever . Its about a girl whos trying to get a career in writing songs for singers . She moves to New York to try and pursway her career . While shes there , she looks for a job and becomes a Coyote . If you wan na know how the movie ends , you 'll have to but it yourself . :-RRB- I highly recommend it .
 Coyote Ugly is a sexy `` feel good '' movie . We get a nice introduction to Piper Perabu , who may well be the next Alicia Silverstone or Cameron Diaz . It is basically a story of a naive girl from New Jersey who comes to New York to persue her dream as a singer/songwriter . When she realizes that she is n't going to be an instant success , she takes a job in club with the title name . Her dancing skills improve and her fear of perfoming in front of crowds starts to diminish . She incidentally meets a nice young man whom she starts seeing , and though there are troubles , her move to the top is going strong by the end of the movie.The plot is very predictable , but the acting is well above average . It was nice to see of movie of this genre with relatively little foul language . I do n't believe the `` F '' word was used at all . All in all , a nice and enjoyable movie that is suitable for most members of the family . I recommend it .
 This movie should have been called `` 4 Teasers Working In A Bar '' . The sole purpose of these female bartenders is to try to encourage their patrons to drink a lot . They do this by dancing on top of the bar.These girls do n't even swallow when you buy them a drink !!! This movie is redeemed by the presence of Maria Belllo who has since gone on to better things and no doubt does not include this movie on her Film Resume . There is also an apearance by the very talented LeAnn Rimes . This movie is like having a date with the Prom Queen who wo n't give you any satisfaction .
 Coyote Ugly is the best film i have ever seen . You wo n't be disapointed if you see it . The actors and actress ' are wicked!i give it 2 Thumbs up
 I saw this movie four times and I 'll wait to buy on DVD when it is released . `` Coyote Ugly '' is a great movie with a magnificient actors
 This is the best most uplifting movie and I love it ! Have seen it about five times !! If you have n't seen this movie by all means order one !
 My DVD arrived right on time in great condition!I now go to Amazon first when I am looking for anything !
 TERRIFIC MOVIE , A1 FILM , SHIPPING VERY WELL DONE .5 STARS FOR SELLER .
 The show was very cute , loved the music , the story line wasvery good ... . Thanks
 Coyote Ugly is a good to watch . I liked from the first time I saw the movie .
 This is one of the best movies on the classic theme
 hunks with accents , girls with short shorts , music to rock to and a love story too . what more do u want from a movie ?
 My niece specifically requested this movie for her birthday . She loves the movie ! It was exactly what she wanted -LRB- of course , she asked for it , duh ! -RRB-
 I love this movie , but then I 'm a sucker for anything with a happy ending . And I love getting a bargin , and this CD was wonderful . It arrived very fast and was in prestine condition for being used .
 Watching any teen movie these days is kind of like having to sit through a gruesome torture . This meaning that the one 's that are any good really do make you sit up and pay attention . That does n't mean to say that this film is n't full of the usual clich&eacute;s - cute virginal girl lost in the big city finds her own sexuality and individuality among others.Still , it 's fun . For one , it 's quite blatant without being in the least bit taboo . Our heroine finds work in a bar , finding that travelling to New York to sell songs is n't all it 's cracked up to be . Initial clumsiness turns to refined solidarity with the other girls that work there and she finds a nice boy who understands her plight.With the cringe-making story you may think that there 's nothing good here . You 'd be wrong . There are some great performances from John Goodman and Melanie Lynskey -LRB- of ` Heavenly Creatures ' fame - give her more roles ! -RRB- and great characters like the sassy owner of the bar . There 's some nice throwaway comedy lines and the songs that the girl writes are good but believably unrefined - most are sung solo by her on her keyboard . The nice thing about it is that it 's sweet without ever ramming it down your throat and you can sit back and relax knowing that everything 's going to work out right in the end . Plus there 's the piece de resistance where LeAnn Rimes struts her stuff across the bar singing the fantastic ` Ca n't Fight The Moonlight ' .
 The story line for this movie was different - something new - which I believe we all need in this day!The dancing & music was great - I have the sound track and I have the movie in DVD and watch it alot . It 's just great and Piper is wonderful.I 'd love to see a sequel ...
 Coyote Ugly is about a girl from jersey who want sto be a song writer , so she moves to the big city to try and make her dreams come true . Of course things happen and she has to get a job and ends up working at the bar `` Coyote Ugly '' . Where she meets friends , a guy , and well maybe a nice happy ending .
 I think this is a really good movie.All the actresses do a great job and John Goodman is perfect.This movie makes you wan na get up and dance and sing along.If you 're looking for something light weight and fun , watch it !
 We always hope that our dreams will come true . Some are simply born lucky ... they excel in everything they get involved in . But most of us are trapped in a struggle to find that perfect place , time & job.This story is about a songwriter 's dream who tried her luck in the big city . Just like her , we find ourselves wondering when will we ever succeed . But the main thing we have to remember is that no matter what , we should never lose hope & should keep on going.Life is not a bed of roses nor success served on a silver platter . We should do something to realize those dreams starting right now ! -LRB- Actually , I would rate this film 41/2 stars -RRB-
 Hey I do n't know how is your night life over there but what I saw in this movie is something I would be very willing to experience . I decided to include this movie in my list of films which , in a way or another , changed me or changed my way of seeing life . To be honest , till now it just added up another beautiful dream in my head . And now I am sharing this dream with my best friend . Hey Barb , we 'll do it one day . And you out there are all invited when we open up our bar . Guess how we 'll call it?Apart from that , I highly recommend this movie to whoever needs a little more of hope in order to keep believing in good times , in friendship , and why not , also in love .
 I thought `` Coyote Ugly '' was a really good movie . I had never seen Piper Perabo before and was really impressed . My favorite parts of the movie were the music and dance . The choreography was amazing .
 Well , at the beginning of the movie I thought what is going to be so good about girls on top of the bar dancing , which I might add is one of the reasons I did n't go and see it with my boyfriend . But as I started watching it I loved it I just wanted to get up and dance along with Jersey and all of the other girls . Kevin was a hottie and I felt so bad when we found out that he did n't have a home and had to be moving around every 2 yrs . The music was great and after the second time watching it I felt that I knew all the words.I loved it and am looking foward to getting the soundtrack when I get my money from working . Well Thanks so much for listening and I hope to see a sequil . Sincerely
 While it is true that Coyote Ugly may seem like the female version of Cocktail , it 's refreshing that Bruckheimer decides to come down from the action packed flicks he is so used to making . Here , we see newcomer Adam Piper Perabo who plays Violet -LRB- Jersey -RRB- . She is new to the city life from a small place and is quickly taken into the nightlife of the famous NYC bar , `` Coyote Ugly '' . It 's all entertainment and fun from there on . Aussie Adam Garcia also joins the cast as her love interest with a very nice character buildup . All in all , it 's great to watch with one kick-butt soundtrack to go with it . Way to go Girls ! The one downfall was the over promotion of the model , yra Banks who is only in the movie for 15 minutes .
 This film deals with two different plots
 Do n't know why but ca n't stop watching this movie . Love the story and the setting of the film
 At first glance it did n't look promising , thinking it would be some dumb , sleazy PG-13 `` Showgirls '' , but when I actually saw it I was very pleased and happy.Its about a young girl named Violet Sanford -LRB- played by the adorable Piper Perabo -RRB- who decides to move to New York City to become a sucessful songwriter.Unforturnatly , she ca n't get a break , she has massive stage fright , and loses her money.Desparete , she find out that a trio of beautiful young women -LRB- the Coyotes -RRB- make up to $ 300 at some bar.I wo n't spoil most of of the rest , but I can tell that this is the most fun , sexy and entertaining movie in the otherwise dissapointing 2000 summer movie season.Unless you 're some tired , crabby movie critic who only likes boring artsy-fartsy mush , this is a must-see . PS : I 'm in love with Piper Perabo !
 This is the the best movie i saw in the last 3 weeks ! . Its just great cuse it has romance comedy and action.Its a wonderfull story about a girl named vi that wants to be a song whriter , she goes to New York to try her luck , at firs she does n't have luck but then she finds a bar named `` Coyote Ugly '' she dance and sings there for about 3 days and then some thing happen to her like
 I can understand why some people did n't like this movie , especially with such a wide variety of tastes in music . If you like ; a simple story with characters you can get attached to , good pop music , and a movie that can get its point across without sex , blood , and violence , then this movie is for you . All of the characters are very likeable and the introduction of Leann Rimes ' newest pop songs made this movie very appealing.If you 're looking for a skin flick , do n't bother . But to say that this movie would only appeal to teenage girls is pushing it way out of proportion . The absence of hot steamy sex scenes does n't mean it is any less appealing , except for those of you who are only turned on by things of that nature .
 This movie is such a fun and hip movie it will have you dancing in the aisle ! , the movie never fails on any level witha great cast that are fun and young -LRB- very HOT -RRB- ! , and a great soundtrack to go wid tha movie ! If you want a fun , happy movie that will leave you with a good feeling in your stomach and that will have you feeling like you spent your money wisely , then coyote ugly is the movie for you :-RRB- ! ... check it out !
 All around nice story line . We love music , so it was enjoyable even if it would be considered cheesy by some .
 Great Movie I have watched in many times A + A + A + A + A + A +
 Replaced old vhs tape with this dvd , plays well and seems to be of good quality.Would recommend this product to others .
 I enjoy the music and dancing . The storyline is funny , dramatic and I just LOVE a happy ending . Bought it for my daughter a few years ago and am glad to have it for my collection .
 I seen this movie before and the name was not familiar so I rented it and glad I did enjoyed the story
 I like this movie . I think it is entertaining . I wanted to have this movie in dvd and add it to my collection .
 This is an excellent movie with an amazing story and an ultra fantastic soundtrack!Violet followed her dreams and never gave up trying to acheive her goal as a songwriter!This movie shows you that you should go for your dreams no matter what anyone tells you ... beleive in yourself ... that 's all you need!Everyone should see this movie because it makes you feel good : - -RRB-
 I liked it and would watch it again . John Goodman was great in this movie . Kind of predictable though , but overall good movie .
 This movie was really good . I had not seen it and my wife insisted I was really missing out . : -RRB-
 I bought this dvd because I just love the movie . I have been looking for this movie for a couple of years and finally looked here . Should have looked here earlier !
 I will admit , I wanted to see this movie when it first came out . Not just because of the attractive women , which one would think is the only pull the movie has . But it seemed like a lot of fun . Anyways , my wife and I just rented the DVD the other night , and we both thought it was a superb movie.It is not just a bunch of totally hot women dancing and grinding on a bar -LRB- which that would have been fine -RRB- , but there is a very well developed , `` coming into your own '' story followind Violet , the movies lead . She moves to NYC to fulfill her dreams of becoming a songwriter . She meets a handsome Aussie , whom she is under the impression is a big music mogel . However , she finds out he is only a cooks in a restaurant , plus about 3 other jobs . -LRB- the man does n't sleep -RRB- . Anyway , the plot moves along nicely , a few areas that you can tell the edit left out . Which is always a shame.Anyway , this is something to watch and own . I was very impressed with the outcome of the movie , though very typical for this type of film . Check out John Goodmans strip tease at the end ... 10 out of 10
 - This is just a brilliant movie which combines o lot of aspects in youth problemacy . . ! - I really love this movie ... !
 This is just a brilliant movie which combines a lot of aspects in thought of youth problemacy ... !! - I really love this movie ...
 Coyote Ugly was one of the best movies of the year !!! It has everything a good movie should ! Like bar fights and a love story and of course the main charactor has to overcome some sort of fear ! With the help of friends and family ! Those are basicly the what we women want in movies but if your a guy i 'm pretty sure you 'll enjoy all the girls dancing on the bar !
 ok , Well!This movie rules it adds dreams and a pinch of reality.It tells the basic `` Love Story '' , but also a little bit of luck.I ` d recommend this book to younger people like 13 yr . olds and little older people.Not very old because they really would not understand all they think of is reality not dream.Dreams can come true with a little bit of efford and talent in which you do.Ok well some might but not do.I think this movie is excellant hope you see it !!!
 This movie was seen , through commercials flashing women in revealing clothing , as one starring a bunch of women stripping . This image is truly deceiving , as the movie has an actual plot away from some sexy women dancing on countertops ; and even though there are such women , you grow to love them throughout the movie . This movie is fun and romantic , and makes you want to get up and dance . A must see .
 This movie has an awesome soundtrack and dance sequences ! I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes music .
 O.K , It 's not `` Saving Private Ryan '' but was anyone really expecting it to be ? The great thing about movies is that sometimes it 's fun just to sit back , put your mind in neutral and just enjoy . Coyoye Ugly Fits that bill perfectly . The movie moves at a pretty snappy pace , the music is great and the scenery is nice to look at . The movie trailers I 'd seen for Coyote Ugly left me with a `` less than enthusiastic '' impression of this movie . Because of my endless search for great movies that slide under the radar , I gave it a whirl anyway . I was pleasantly surprised . If your looking for a movie that 's light and a lot of fun , pick this one up , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this movie , we had it on VHS and then our VHS player died so had to replace it with this . Works great .
 We all truly enjoyed this movie ! The picture quality was beautiful and I know I will watch it again ! Awesome !
 good movie for some mindless entertainment ... not a serious movie , just a fun movie , cute story line ... crazy dancing on the bar !
 there are so many young new beautiful young ladies who dance real spankin ' well ! girl power ! girl talent ! guys will love it , too ! it 's not just a chick movie ! do we serve water ? nooooooooooooo !
 We 've watched this movie three times . It 's very entertaining and will keep you interested . It 's probably more for younger or middle age people with an open mind . We are in our 60 's and really liked it . I do n't think it 's for kids under 10 years of age .
 my husband loves this movie , so I bought it for him as a christmas present to add to his dvd collection
 We love watching this movie at home . It never gets old and I ca n't wait to watch it over and over again .
 I love this movie ... had on VHS but it got ruined in a move ... so I m glad I was able 2 find it on DVD ...
 I think that this movie was one of the best ones I have watched in a long time . The story about the girl from a small town trying to make it big is the story of many people in real life and can really touch their hearts because it is possible to make it big . Adam Garcia and Piper Perabo play their parts extremely well .
 this is definitely more of a chick flick than a guy movie ! in all honesty though , its a GREAT movie . although geared more towards younger girls , i 'm sure anyone could enjoy this movie ! its just an all out great movie and i 'd recommend it to anyone !
 This film is amazing ! I have seen it twice now because I watched it twice in 12 hours it was so amazing ! If you havent seen it you definitely should ! Its all about a songwriter called Violet . She moved to New York to try and persue her career . To get some extra money she becomes a coyote . -LRB- A bar maid in a bar called coyote ugly -RRB- . The coyotes dance on the bar and entertain the crowd . Violet wants to get her songs sung by famous artists but people have to hear them first . She is ok at singing other peoples songs in public but she gets scared when she has to sing her own songs . Her boyfriend tries to help her to overcome her fear . WATCH THIS FILM !!
 I loved this movie . I rented it and watched it 3 times in 2 days , it is my favorite movie . It has the best music , the coolest cast , and cutest guy ever ! I loved it so much ! I want to get the soundtrack . When Violet moves to the big city to find someone to perform her songs , she finds a lot of interesting things on her way to the top . Does she make it ? & iquest ; Well , you 'll have to see the movie . It is really good and very fun to watch . It has groove and a beat . It totally rox ! I recomend this to everyone that likes to get down ! If you like music , this soundtrack rox , and you like to dance , you like a good cast and you like to have fun , just watch this movie . Rent it tonight !
 WHen I first saw the Priviews for this movie I admit it I rolled my eyes a bit . It looked just like a bunch of women table dacing in a bar . And that did n't intrest me at all so I never saw it at the theaters . But when it came out on video all my friends where telling me what a great moive it was and I was shocked . It WAS good . It was a about a girl named Violet who traveled to the city to start a song writign carrer . But the problem is she was onyl getting snubbed . So in an attempt to make some quick cash she becomes a bar tender at a bar called cyote ugly . A place where women call all the shots and looking hot and being gwilling to do pretty much anything is a must . It takes her a while to get used to it but soon she learns that her voice is a powerful tool that could keep her this job , and maybe get her futher . If she could just get rid of her stage fright.THis movie was a great drama and romatic comedy -LRB- even though I did n't mention a guy in my summary -RRB- . I reccomend it to anyone . Do n't be fooled by the previews . There is a plot to this movie . ANd it 's a good one .
 A great movie that tells you not to give up on your dreams and go for what you 're good at . Has hott guys and is a fun movie to watch when you 're in a good mood and wan na watch something fun . The music is great and makes you wan na get up and sing and dance along with the bartenders . A great Soundtrack that LeAnn Rimes makes great . A definite must see a great movie !
 Coyote Ugly '' is one the best dance , hip hop films I 've ever seen and I 've seen a lot . Performances are superb and beyond telling . Piper is astounding and does her job great . Music is fabulous and DTS audio track makes you feel like you are in the crowd in the bar even though you are in your living room.The additional features make this a worthwhile purchase for the price ... The movie itself is phenomenal , along with the fact that it sounds better in my home than it did in the theater ! I recommend this one to both males and females alike . The music is pretty good , the dancing is steamy , and the ladies ... they are not ugly . .
 This is a great movie , one of the best i have seen in a while . It is full of ambition , a young girl who finds a job at the Bar Coyote Ugly , and it is not just a bar job , but her boss if living out her dream and gives her the courage to fullfil her own dreams . Full of laughts with a great ending .
 Piper Perabo as an exhibitionist with stage fright ? Okay , so you ca n't just suspend your disbelief with this movie , you have to hang it up in the back closet and forget it even exists for two hours . But the beer flows freely , there 's lots of T&A for the guys and nipples-and-ripples for the ladies , and there 's a highly improbable but very satisfying cameo by LeAnn Rimes belting out `` Ca n't Fight the Moonlight , '' a song that , come to think of it , is as slight yet satisfying as this movie is.I wo n't go into the plot . Not that there 's anything to give away , really , and it 's secondary to the bar scenes and the music . But if you do n't go into this movie expecting acting and an actual story , and just accept it for the on-screen party that it is , it can be a pretty enjoyable time and a great movie for getting down and dirty with your date .
 My girlfriend told me I had to see this movie , that I would love the `` eye candy '' . She was right ; I could spend much more time watching these girls dance around . But in addition to all that , it ends up being a very entertaining movie - fun characters , fun story , fun music .
 Coyote Ugly sucks you in right away with the beautiful and talented Piper Perabo as Violet . As she starts her journey in the big city , devoted to fulfilling her dream , one ca n't help but feel for her . This movie 's unique look into the bar life of New York City keeps one entertained and curious throughout . However , all the wild dancing and fast paced action in the bar starts to get old as the movie progresses . Violet 's romance will also leave you scratching your head . It is easy to start believing that all the movie 's hype is from the gorgeous bartenders and their dancing . Just as one begins to question the movie , it rears back for the stretch run . The last half-hour was great ! The mid-movie doubts are quickly erased as it concludes . The use of John Goodman , Violet 's father , was a nice touch . A powerful ending leaves you feeling great about this movie.The storyline was good and the acting was excellent . The movie was done with a lot class as it could have easily been turned into an R-rated film . There is a great story behind this beautiful woman that all types of people will enjoy . In all I highly recommend that you see it . You 'll be glad you did !
 This is a really good cheesy movie that girls and guys will both like . However if your boyfriend does n't like these types of movies then put in the `` unrated version . '' In the regular version the kissing/sex scene does n't show anything but the unrated version shows lots of skin and is pretty steamy . It 's definitely a cutesy movie , but the eye candy and bar scenes will keep the guys watching . Piper Perabo and the rest of the girls wo n't disappoint I promise !
 I bought this to replace my DVD copy that was stolen . I liked that fact that it was on Blu-Ray so I could play it on my PS3 and get the most out of the movie . Overall there were not a lot of additional scenes to the Blu-Ray than the DVD editon . Some scenes are longer on this edition than on the DVD . There is a nude scene which has to be a body-double of Piper . I do n't want to spoil this edition of Coyote Ugly for anybody because in my opinion the extended scenes are worth it . Enjoy .
 My girls love the movie . The movie is the good girl makes good doing bad but not to bad stuff story . Not a must have but still a good buy . Maybe not for every family but my girls are old enough to see this stuff . No nudity .
 Although panned by critics , `` Coyote Ugly '' was geared toward the young female audience who could identify with a young woman trying to make it in New York City . Violet -LRB- Piper Perabo -RRB- heads to New York City to make it as a singer , but finds the road to success is tougher than anticipated . Violet gets a job as a waitress in the real life bar the Coyote Ugly and it is there that she makes new friends , while showing the world how great a singer she is . LeAnn Rimes did the actual singing of the Violet character as Perabo 's vocals were dubbed . Rimes also makes a special guest appearance in the movie.The film was a modest success at the boxoffice , but more importantly , the soundtrack became huge , going 4X Platinum in 2008 . Rimes breakout pop hit `` Ca n't Fight The Moonlight '' would go all the way to # 11 on the Billboard Pop Singles Chart.The DVD is filled with bonuses including a LeAnn Rimes music video , commentaries , extra scenes , trailer , and more . The film was also directed by big-time Hollywood director Jerry Bruckheimer.In all a fun film , with great music , and characters the audience can enjoy .
 Graced with a velvet voice , 21-year-old Violet Sanforn heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her `` day '' job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly . A new nightclub with a twist , Coyote Ugly is the hottest spot in town , featuring a team of sexy , enterprising young women . Lil is the savvy and tough proprietor with an autocratic reign over her girls , including the ever-flitarious Cammie , headstrong and antagonistic Rachel and top tip earner Zoe . Coyote Ugly . It is a very fun and exciting movie . There is also extremely good music in the movie , and also has a great soundtrack . This is a very good movie .
 I bought this movie because of the unbeatable price for my psp . My husband and I both own the device -LRB- psp -RRB- and use it quite often while traveling . Coyote Ugly is a great `` girlie '' movie you can watch over and over again .
 At first I thought this movie was for the men , not so , this is a definite chic flick -LRB- Although the men will enjoy it too , for obvious reasons -RRB- . I really enjoyed the story line . This is one of those movies that I will gladly watch over and over .
 Despite what I 've been reading on some of the review , I think this movie was amazingly done , with awesome choreography , beautiful girls for the guys , and a hot guy with a cute accent for the girls . Piper Perabo plays Violet , a girl who 's dream is to move to New York to become a Song writer . While she 's trying to get people to listen to her demos , she meets a charming fellow named Kevin O'Donnell -LRB- Adam Garcia -RRB- . Lacking cash , Violet gets a job at a bar called Coyote Ugly , where the girls dress sexy and dance on the bar for the entertainment of the bar goers . There are so many different stories weaved into this movie , that it would take forever to describe them all . That and the fact that I do n't want to be a spoiler for those who have n't seen the movie . But let me say this ... like any teeny bopper flick , it goes along the story line . Girl meets guy , they fall in love , they break up , but in the end they end up back together . However , I would n't limit this movie only to teeny boppers . When I went to the theater , I saw people of all ages sitting and enjoying the movie . Personally , I loved it so much that after watching it twice in the theater , I ran out and bought the soundtrack -LRB- which is incredible -RRB- and waited , anticipating the release of this really great movie . When it was released , I found out that it was only coming out on DVD , which is a real shame , because not everyone has a DVD player , but since I am a devoted fan , I will anticipate the release of this video on VHS . One more comment , if you 're a guy and you 're not sure you want to see this becuase it seems like a `` chick flick '' ... one picture ... Tyra Banks dancing on the bar .
 i loved `` COYOTE UGLY '' it had good music , good girls , good performances , good twists , good everything , i just loved it !!! i can see it as many times as i can , it 's a really nice movie , and i LOVE Pipper Perabo
 Just a warning that the unrated version includes nudity and a sex scene not shown on the rated release . So do n't buy it for a kid who loves the music and dancing . The adults , on the other hand , will be happy .
 I think this movie is sooo good . It probably should n't be watched by children under 10 because the girl works at a bar and does dirty dancing , there also is a sex like scene .
 This movie was awesome !! Go see it ... you 'll love it !
 Entertaining comedy with Piper Perabo and Adam Garcia . The bashful Violet comes from the province to the turbulent New York , in order to realize , despite her terrible stage fright , her dream of a song writer . She finds support in the charming Kevin . She works in Coyote Ugly '' , the most hip club in town . After lots of obstacles she faces her first performance .
 Coyote Ugly is the best movie ever ! It is a great movie ! It is my favorite movie of all times ! THIS MOVIE IS AWESOME !!!!!!!
 This is one of my favorite movies ever ! It is a good story , a story that tell us to follow our dreams ... I just say 1 thing to all the people that had -LSB- not -RSB- seen the movie ... SEE IT !! It is just fabulous .
 This is your basic romance movie , with wonderful twists . Violet Sanford -LRB- Perabo -RRB- goes to New York to make it big as a songwriter . Well , at first she doesnt , and is in desperate need of funds . Then she meets the sexy , sassy Coyotes , who work at the bar Coyote Ugly , -LRB- what a name ! -RRB- . There she meets Lil , -LRB- Bello -RRB- the '' russian tease '' Cammie -LRB- Miko -RRB- and the `` New York -LSB- woman -RSB- Rachel -LRB- Moynaham -RRB- . Then Violet meets Kevin O'Donnell -LRB- Garcia -RRB- . This movie is funny , sassy , and sexy . All the actors and actresses give great prformances !
 It seems like every time I mention how wonderful this movie is to a woman , I get the same reaction `` Typical Guy Movie !!! '' . Although there are several scenes which fall into that category , the movie is an overall love story . There are definitely some heartfelt moments and strong female charaters that will make any female fall in love with this movie .
 I have done many exercise videos over the years including
 if god laughs , this is what makes him hurt . we ask if he exists , he asks if coyote ugly exists .
 Violet is a small town girl who just wants somebody big to sing her songs . She moves to New York , finds a job as a bar tender but there 's more to it then just serving drinks , there 's bar dancing , singing , fighting , auctions of hot guys . There is no explicit sex , or cursing . This is the ONE movie for the whole family ... . enjoy the show .
 I love this film ! It had me smiling all through the movie ! It turned out to be better than I expected ! You must watch this film and the soundtrack is great too !
 Wow.This video was incredible . I had seen the previews , and thought that it may be a good movie , but it exceeded my expectations . You all know what it is like when you anticipate viewing a video so much that when you see it it is a dissappointment , but not this one . The casting director did a marvelous job picking the actors . Piper is a fresh face that fits the part . I loved how she had this assertiveness to her , and that cute Aussie guy ... . can we say stacked ? The movie is not only realistic , but has some great bar dancing coreography . It was a great movie and is definately worth buying , or at least go to the video store and rent it .
 Yes , you can say that the story is not the best ... however , I must confess that I really loved the way Piper plays its role . I just saw this movie for 3 times now , and I would still like to see it once again.In my opinion it 's funny and has some romance on it -LRB- despite being a simple movie -RRB- . I 'm still trying to understand why , but the fact is that I really enjoyed the movie ... just watch it!As I said in the title , Piper is great . Just hope that she gets the chance to play with some really talented actors like Robert De Niro or Al Pacino . That would really make her a super-star -LRB- in my opinion , she 's already a star :-RRB- -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this movie and I bought the soundtrack and the dvd . It is a great movie that I would be glad to compliment on .
 Coyote Ugly may not be the ideal family movie but it is excellent . it tells the story of young female musician whose only dream is to have someone like Whitney Houston or Mariah Carey sing her songs . After moving to New York on her own she is forced to find work in order to remain living in her apartment . She meets up with the Coyotes and finally finds her dreams through them . Excellent movie with a great cast .
 I dont really want to tell too much about the movie . Lets just say that its for all type of audiences . Guys love it cuz of the girls -LRB- who dont get naked but totally flaunt what they have -RRB- , and women love it cuz it has a great storyline . Its awesome , cuz the women in it , are portrayed as sex objects , except their personalities shine . In conclusion I totally loved this movie , the soundtrack was great also !
 When you saw the previews for this movie , you probably did think it was a bunch of pretty woman dancing on a bar . It 's NOT . It 's a sweet story about a girl trying to seek her dream of being a songwriter . She needs to move to a new place to try to have her songs be heard , and ends up working as a coyote . Also with this tale is lots of fun and enjoyment . At the end , you ca n't forget when LeAnn Rimes comes in as a country music sensation -LRB- herself -RRB- and performs Violet 's song she recorded . I highly suggest anyone should by this , and do n't forget to pick up the soundtrack too !
 This product is really great for my trip . It also came in early and I am enjoying the movie .
 I have watched this movie with my daughter about a million times over the last 5 years , and I can honestly say that it never gets old ! The acting is top-notch , and I do believe that this is defintely John Goodman 's finest performance . The movie will leave you feeling warm at heart over and over again . The soundtrack for the movie is also of high quality and most of it is integrated into the movie at the right time . A few people have been giving negative reviews on here about this film , and I can just say that I do n't agree . On the contrary , what more could you want from a film that doesnt try to be too much , and is mainly just a down to earth story about a small-town girl trying to make something of her life in a big city . There is nothing in the movie that has a WOW factor to it , but that doesnt retract anything from the story to me . If you have n't seen it , you could do a lot LOT worse than to buy this movie .
 I Have Seen The Original Coyote Ugly And Rate It Four And a Half Stars!Wonder How FUNKY This Is Gon na Be?It Is Probably Gon na Have Boobs , Butts , Nakedness , And LOTs More!So Definately Not Reccomended For Ages 1-9 !
 COYOTE UGLY is the story of a small town young lady trying to make her way in the world , and see her dreams come true . Violet is a young woman who is an aspiring songwriter . She has a fear of stage and would rather be in the dark , writing songs for other people . Upon moving to New York and leaving her father and best friend behind , she meets Kevin , who she is led to believe is in charge of music at this bar she visits . She gives him her demo tape , and realizes she was shammed . She also realizes the tough competition surrounding the music industry . Many doors get slammed in her face and her optomism fades . She finds a job at a bar called Coyote Ugly , where women dance on the counter and its a fierce environment she must adjust to well . The movie follows her dreams , and a romance with Kevin . It 's overall really touching movie many people will love , and all I can say is if you have n't seen it yet , buy or rent it ASAP , it 's a wonderful movie .
 This film is about a young woman , Violet Sanford -LRB- Piper Perabo -RRB- , who moves to NY to make it big as a song writer . In order to make some extra money after she is robbed , she works at a bar called `` Coyote Ugly '' . Before she started working at the bar , she had very bad stage fright . However , with the combination of working in the bar and a boyfriend to boost her confidence , Violet overcomes her stage fright . This movie was pretty entertaining and I really like Piper Perabo . I reccomend this to any Perabo fan .
 very cool and touching movie . Not at all what you wouldthink from the title . I loved it . Buying it so we canwatch it again and again . It is one of my favoritemovies along with Matrix and the first part ofBlade . Go figure that one out if you dare.Try it . I think you will love it . We did . My wifeand I both thought this move was very cool . Good mixof dance , singing , drama and love with some comedythrown in too . And a few surprises along the way .
 Is Coyote Ugly a movie masterpiece ... no ... of course not ... but it is a film that will make you laugh and maybe even get you up on the table dancing . Well that last one is a long shot but you will have fun watching this film . Filled with a kick butt soundtrack and likeable performances from the relatively unknown cast . It 's the classic Cinderella story that offers few surprises but it should n't matter . It 's very well done and Piper Perabo is very impressive and has the makings of a star !
 As an aspiring singer , I found this film to be closely related to the struggles that musicians go through . Unlike Violet , I do n't have stage fright , as a matter of fact , I love being on stage . However , taking ` odd ' jobs is something that I 'm very relatible to . Even tho I 've never taken a job at a bar quite like Coyote Ugly , it shows that when you are trying to achieve a dream , you do whatever possible . So far when it comes to dancing on a bar , I 've only ever done it for fun , but it just goes to prove that we do n't have an easy time of it trying to make it in the music business , and this type of scenerio is incredibly possible because when you 're desperate , you do whatever it takes , even if it means sacrificing a little bit of dignity ... even tho you can still have a hell of a lot of fun doing it . Over all this film is easily a 4 because it 's not just about girls shaking it on a bar , it 's about getting what you want .
 I 'm pretty sure for all of us guys whose seen the trailer for the first time thought this movie was targeted for the male audience . But guess what , producer Jerry Bruckheimer fooled us ! It 's a. . . chick flick ! But it 's a. . . good chick flick ! Not only is Piper Perabo 's character is infectiously loveable , but the other Coyotes are hot and sexy as well . The plot is n't extra-ordinary , but it 's fun to watch with the help of the great soundtrack and funny moments . The DVD features a behind-the-scenes look at the movie , cool graphics , and a music video with LeAnn Rimes .
 I read some of the other reviews and just words of advice `` DONT LISTEN TO THEM '' . I am a guy who like hardcore action and adventure movies . I bought this just mainly so i can see the girls dancing on the bar but i got seriously hooked into it . The songs are nice , the dancing is awesome , little bit of humor in it , and all around good movie . I bought it 3 days ago and have watched it 4 times . This movie is a born classic .
 I think this movie is inspiring to songwriters and singers . If you work hard to acheive what your dreams are and then they just might come true . Even through the bad times and good go for your goal . Watch this movie it is awsome !!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen ... and i do not care what you other people say about it !! A young song writer goes into the big NYC to sell her music and struggles without much money till she finds out about a bar needing some work ... COYOTE UGLY ! ... finally she is making money and falling in love with an Australian Hottie ... the rest is for you to see ... i loved the story line of this movie ... it makes anyone want to go out and reach their goals and dreams ! ... TWO THUMBS UP !
 I liked this movie , and also the girls in this were quite , cute . Piper Perabo was in `` Rocky & Bullwinkle '' she did a good job in both movies . The DVD is good , the Deleted Sences were good worth watching .
 When I began to see commercials for this film , I could n't help but question the integrity of its creators . My immediate thoughts were that it was just about a few women dancing on top of a bar in front of guys , which is both insulting to my intelligence and overall just a waste of my time . I laughed at the thought of seeing it until one day when I noticed it was on Digital Cable . I figured I would amuse myself by taking a peak at acting at it 's worst ... I was wrong . I found myself to actually be enjoying it . I immediately watched it the next time it was on so that I could catch the movie in its entirety and I really enjoyed all aspects of the movie , so when I purchased a DVD Player recently , I knew that this was a `` must buy '' for me . The DVD is awesome and I recommend it to everyone who is looking to sit back and enjoy a fun and loveable movie.I would without a doubt give the movie 5 Stars
 Acting , plot , and script were absolutely superb . Better than Basic Instinct or Saving Private Ryan . Should have won dozens of Oscars . A must own for everyone .
 This movie seems a bit deceptive at the begining , but once you finally see the whole thing , i guaruntee youll fall in love with it ... before i watched the whole thing i thought it was about girls who dance on a bar ... but its much more than that . . i wouldve given it 100000000000000000 * s , but that just wasnt possible . I also reccomend the sound track too
 Coyote Ugly is the most awesome movie I have ever seen ! It is so cool . Coyote Ugly is about a girl , Violet , who gets out of highschool and moves to New York to be a songwriter . She has a great voice but she is too shy to sing her own songs.She falls in Love when she meets this guy . She gets an apartment and comes home one night to find that her apartment is trashed and she has been robbed . She needs to get a job and she hears about Coyote Ugly , the bar . She goes and tries to get the job and she gets it . One night the bar gets alittle bit rowdy and people start fighting . To save the night she has to sing . Finally she gets offered to come sing at a talent finder . She was going to leave the stage because she got scared but her man turns all the lights out and she realizes he did it and starts to sing . He turns on the lights again and Lehan Rhimes publishes her songs .
 I LOVED this movie !! It was so sweet and sexy at the same time . The music and the moves were great ! I especially loved Piper Perabo for this part !
 Violent Sanford -LRB- the HOT Piper Perabo -RRB- , is a songwriter destined to make it big in the Big Apple . Leaving behind her father -LRB- John Goodman -RRB- , she sets out to NYC to try her hand at music and to follow in the footsteps of her deceased mother -LRB- also an aspiring singer/songwriter -RRB- . Once in the city , Violet , will realize it is not so easy to break into the music business , no matter how talented you are . With no money , and the determination to make it , she takes a job at Coyote Ugly , a trendy New York bar , where the bar maids are wilder than the drunken patrons . `` Coyote Ugly '' is your typical `` girl has dreams , girl finds boy , girl loses boy , girls must deal with family issues , girl must discover herself , girls gets boy back story '' but it works here . This is a really entertaining movie , that will please men as well as women . See the movie , and then check out the real bar in Manhattan.Nick Gonnella
 i was just reading some of the outlandish reviews about this movie and am absolutely shocked . if you wanted oscar-caliber go see a foreign and impossible to find in a local theater flick . i am an avid movie watcher and am heavily involved in cinema/film making . so i knew going into this movie that it was not going to be difficult to watch . i went into it thinking it would be a cute romantic comedy with sexy chicks dancing on a bar and virtually no plot . and it was . but that is why i wanted to see it . it was a very light-hearted , FUN , fanciful movie . some of these reviewers are treating it as if it should have been nc-17 b/c it involved a bar in new york and sexy women that dance in it . i commend the movie for being able to be sexy with out having to be rated R !! bravo . or they had this misconception that it would be a brain teasing flick with major story boards and 5 oscar noms . sorry to disappoint you people , but i ca n't believe you would waste 1,000 words just to gripe about it.look , for the newcomers , the movie is FUN not to mention easy on the eyes and the brains . so for a good time , rent or buy this movie , if your expectations are n't too high , it wo n't disappoint you .
 I liked the movie I cant say it was better in HD but it was the first movie I saw on my ROKU player and was impressed .
 One of my all time favorite movies . Quality of viewing was very poor , but Amazon was extremely helpful and refunded my price . Would try to rent again !
 I had seen the movie years before , always knew it was interesting !! I see at least one of the actors in a current show , just a look at the past !!
 When I first saw the trailer for Coyote Ugly I did n't expect it to be so innocent . I guess you can say I expected it to be like Striptease or even Showgirls but instead Coyote Ugly is sort of a light and pleasant movie . It 's mostly about following your dreams , so if you 're a parent that 's worried about your teenager seeing this film , I would n't worry much . It 's surprisingly cute and is n't made as a source of T&A like you 'd expect .
 I thought this was an excellent movie ! It 's about realizing your dreams and going after them any way you can , and overcoming your fears ! I 'd recommend this movie to anyone ! I rented it and 2 days later went out and bought it ! It 's a great addition to any video or dvd collection !
 Wannabe songwriter Violet leaves her small New Jersey town with dreams of being a songwriter . Despite her fine singing voice -LRB- dubbed by country star LeAnn Rimes -RRB- , terminal stage fright limits her dream to writing music . She moves to New York to pursue her dreams , but is frustrated by the industry system -LRB- need an agent to sell , ca n't get an agent until you sell -RRB- . She takes a job dancing on the bar at Coyote Ugly and finds fun , friendship , romance , and a doorway to her dream.John Goodman of `` Roseanne '' gives another fine performance as Violet 's dad as does Maria Bello as the bar owner , and Piper Perabo as star-struck Violet . The soundtrack is a great toe-tapper , and watch for LeAnn Rimes ' cameo at the end.The `` Special Edition '' itself is a disappointment ; the love scene is `` spiced up '' unnecessarily and the additional scenes really do n't add much . This was a fine film by itself . Still well worth purchasing .
 This is not a great movie in the aspects of technique or storytelling . It is movie that does one thing great , entertain . The sole purpose of a movie is to entertain the viewer . `` Footloose '' and `` Dirty Dancing '' were not great movies but they will never be forgotten because they entertained the viewer . `` Coyote Ugly '' is a feel-good about yourself movie . The music energizes the audience . The bar dancing keeps the movie-watchers interested . I went the movie with two friends who were both girls . I am 18 and they are 17 . We all really liked the movie . The rest of the night we were dancing around and singing the music that we heard . This is great movie because it leaves a lasting impression on the viewer .
 This ranks up there with `` Animal House '' and `` Caddyshack '' as a good-time , feel-good movie . It leaves you chuckling , and feeling entertained . Unlike many of the DVD 's my husband and I collect , this one will actually be watched - MANY TIMES . As an actress , LeeAnn Rimes should not consider quitting her day job , but we 're not talking Oscars here , we 're talking FUN . And this movie is unquestionably FUN .
 I saw this movie because I ` m a Leann Rimes fan and she ` s in it.I was pretty impresed with this movie and I highly reccomend it to anyone almost!Definately a must-see !
 Yes , it 's one of those mushy feel-good movies with easily-ascertainable plots . But it 's still a good watch . Do n't expect intense drama , just go with it because it 's a high-energy movie and it 's a fun way to spend two hours . Who says every movie has to be drama filled and tragic in the first place ? `` Coyote Ugly '' is a simple movie with songs that are fun to sing along to , a little love story , and energetic dances in between , and , most importantly , it 's repeatedly watchable .
 This movie is just plain fun . The main story line is about a small town girl named Violet , who wants to be a songwriter . She moves to New York for her dream to become a songwriter , she gets robbed and becomes desperate and gets job in a bar `` Coyote Ugly '' because she wants to make it on her own . Has sexy girls dancing on the bar and songs that make you want to buy the sound track . This movie is a hidden chick flick for guys . Everyone should enjoy this movie . I highly recommend it !
 The strengths of this DVD are
 This is a great movie , for anyone to watch . Guys will love it for obvious reasons . I mean there are half naked , beautiful girls dancing on a bar , at times with wet t-shirts . Anything with beautiful women will be a moovie that attracts men , and Coyote Ugly easily fits that description . This is also a movie that many women I know love . They are attracted to the romance of this movie . The main character , an aspiring musician , moves to New York in hopes of getting her big break , falls in love , and I would consider this kinda a love story . No matter who you are , I believe this is a great choice , and youll love this movie .
 This Movie surprised me as well as got my pulse up . It really brings to life how things can really make a place work in this world . It was one of the most entertaining films I have seen in a long time especially on such a low ended budget . Best of all My 3 year old son loved it . It was also for the most part a very clean film = little violence and not that bad language like some films .
 Piper Perabo plays Violet , the nice girl from Jersey who moves to NYC to try to make it big as a songwriter . She lands a job as a `` coyote '' to support herself while she gets established , singing and dancing in a wild -LRB- wild , but still basically PG-13 -RRB- bar . During her personal voyage of self-discovery and growth , she meets a guy -LRB- Adam Garcia -RRB- and has various adventures , and seeks to ultimately prevail over the shyness she must conquer , to reach her goals.As a guy , I rented this for predictable reasons . Ohhh , those previews ... MERCY !!! However , this really is not a simple babefest in any way . It really is mostly about Violet 's personal odyssey to overcome her fears and achieve her dreams . Be warned that although it is certainly sweet , it does n't exactly stick to your ribs . The dialog is monumentally uninspired , and probably more cliche-ridden than any movie I 've seen since ... ummm . . well , it 's in a different genre , but I 'd have to mention `` Bats . '' Come on , writers ! You could have done better than that . Anyway , Violet 's journey is sort of a cross between the stories of Olivia Newton-John 's character in `` Grease '' and Tom Cruise 's character in `` Cocktail . '' That sounds freaky , but you 'll see what I mean . Piper Perabo 's Violet reminds me of a sort of cross between a waifish Amanda Peet and a nineties version of Audrey Hepburn , living out the story of a latter-day Minnie Pearl ... There 's a really fun soundtrack , which is always a plus ... Also , the whole movie features a cornucopia of suspiciously well-toned midriffs -- I can just imagine all the girls in the film doing sit-up and `` crunch '' marathons between takes.Watch for Bud Cort , who played Harold in the cult favorite `` Harold and Maude ! '' He plays the guy in the coffee shop , named Romero , who first introduces Violet to the other `` coyotes , '' and who gives her a free slice of pie to cheer her up.Supporting actors in general do a good job with the lines they 're given . Maria Bello plays up her part well , as the brassy , tough-as-nails Lil , who owns the bar , and who becomes Violet 's friend . Izabella Miko is somehow simultaneously babyishly cute , and devilish-looking , as Cammie . Tyra Banks is gorgeous , of course , and actually a pretty good actress , I thought . Bridget Moynahan is terrific as Rachel , the ferocious grrrrl dancer with a heart of gold -- she has such a strong presence it might get in her way , looking for future roles . Think of Linda Hamilton from the second Terminator movie , crossed with the Terminator himself , and you 'll get a sense of what her character is like ... John Goodman and Adam Garcia are great too -- heck , everyone does a good job , it 's just that the lines are so ... Basically , this movie is a lot of fun , and it has an uplifting message , especially for younger viewers . If you want crackling dialogue , see `` Glengarry Glen Ross '' -- if you want a sweet movie that happens to have a lot of major babes in it , see `` Coyote Ugly . '' Two thumbs up .
 Coyote Ugly '' is a cliff-hanger in which Piper Perabo ventures into a Jerry Bruckheimer production and escapes more or less untouched.The film stars Perabo as one of a group of heedless wenches who dance on a bar and pour straight shots down the throats of the seething multitude . In a movie of this sort , it is inevitable that the song `` I Will Survive '' will sooner or later be performed by drunken pals . Next week 's opening , `` The Replacements , '' makes us wait an hour to hear it . `` Coyote Ugly '' takes no chances and puts it under the opening titles . Do you get the feeling these movies are assembled from off-the-shelf parts?There is a story beloved in movie lore about the time Howard Hawks asked John Wayne to appear in `` El Dorado . '' Wayne had already starred in Hawks ' `` Rio Bravo '' and `` Rio Lobo , '' which were essentially the same picture . So was `` El Dorado . '' `` Shall I send over the script ? '' asked Hawks . `` Why bother ? '' asked the Duke . `` I 've already been in it twice . `` Does Jerry Bruckheimer have the same nagging feeling of deja vu as he compares each new screenplay to those that have gone before ? I wonder if he suspects his movie may not be original , as he contemplates a story about a girl from New Jersey who dreams of being a songwriter , moves to Manhattan , meets a guy , gets a job and has a heart-rending reconciliation with her dad , all in a movie that ends -LRB- yes , it really does -RRB- with the final line , `` What do you do when you realize all your dreams have come true ? `` Bruckheimer and his director bring superb technical credits to this wheezy old story , and they add wall-to-wall music to make it sound like fun . But you can pump up the volume only so far before it becomes noise . I do n't ask for startling originality in a movie like `` Coyote Ugly . '' I do n't object to the scene in which the heroine and her guy neck in a convertible and regard the lights on a Manhattan bridge . I am not even surprised that the hero drives a classic car -LRB- no characters in Bruckheimer movies drive cars less than 25 years old unless they are parents or gangsters -RRB- . I do n't even mind the obligatory line , `` It 's payback time ! '' All I ask is that I be surprised a couple of times . Give me something I ca n't see coming and make it more unexpected than a beloved character getting hit by a car instead of having a heart attack.In the movie , Perabo , who has big-time star power , plays Violet , a working-class girl from South Amboy , N.J. , who packs up and moves to a cheap apartment in Chinatown -LRB- where she meets not a single Chinese person -RRB- and gets a job in Coyote Ugly , a bar that would be the result if you took the bar in `` Cocktail '' and performed reckless experiments on its DNA.It 's the kind of bar you would fight to get out of -- and you 'd have to . Customers are jammed so tightly together , the fire marshal can barely wedge his way into the room . They are offered no mixed drinks , no wine , just `` Jim , Jack , Johnny Red , Johnny Black and Jose -- all my favorite friends , '' according to Lil -LRB- Maria Bello -RRB- , the sexy blond who owns the club . `` You can have it any way you want it , as long as it 's in a shot glass . `` Violet auditions for her job , which consists of dancing on top of the bar , pouring drinks , dumping ice on customers who get into fights and spraying the others every so often with the soda gun . These are skilled dancers . They can do Broadway routines on a slippery bar top , while drunks grab at their ankles . Every once in a while , just for variety , they pour booze on the bar and set it on fire.Many of the movie 's shots are high-angle , looking down at the customers , their mouths upturned and gulping like gasping fish . Illuminated by garish neon , they bear an uncanny resemblance to Hieronymus Bosch 's paintings of the damned roasting in hell.After a shaky start , Violet becomes a hit at the bar ; meanwhile , she tries to place tapes of her songs around town . She has stage fright , you see , and ca n't sing her own songs because she 's afraid to sing in front of an audience , although she will obviously do almost anything else.She meets Kevin -LRB- Adam Garcia -RRB- , an awfully nice Australian short-order cook who encourages her , and even bribes a guy to give her an audition by trading his precious Spider-Man comic . They would no doubt have steamy sex , except that Bruckheimer , a student of straws in the wind , knows this is the summer when PG-13 , not his old favorite R , is the coveted rating . -LRB- His `` Gone in 60 Seconds '' was also PG-13 , which may explain why Angelina Jolie was missing from most of the film . -RRB- `` Coyote Ugly '' finally leads up to the questions
 This is a movie for everyone . I have read reviews of it that say that guys do n't like it . What planet are the `` guys '' from ?? Yes I am a girl , but I do have ALOT of male friends . Every guy I was with in the theatre with -LRB- I saw it 3 times in the theater , with guys -RRB- loved the movie . I will admit when I saw the previews I was turned away because I thought it was a couple of girls stripping in a bar . Was I wrong ?? I was pleasantly suprised !! I highly recommend this great movie to all of the people who want to see a great movie .
 I love this movie so much.I saw it when it was in the theaters , back in August of 2000 and thought it was the best film of last summer.The movie has a plot and is n't just about women who dance on a bar top.The movie is about Violet Sanford who has a dream of being a singer/songwriter , so she moves out to New York City.Violet goes from record compnay to record company to try and get people to listen to her demo tape , but no one is interested in her and tell her she needs to go to an open mic night.She tries to do the whole open mic night thing , but it does n't work for her.So she gets a job at a bar called Coyote Ugly.I wo n't give too much of it a way , if you have n't seen it.This movie is very good.The acting is great and it was very well writen.A must see !!!!!!!!
 I thought that this was going to be a really stupid movie of only bar dancing scenes , but I was wrong there were bar dancing scenes but they also tried to put a story .
 piper perabo thats all i have to say about this romantic comedy . she is an empowering actress and deserves an academy award nomination . the whole cast is great though . this movie is excellent .
 DVD is so cool because you get all this extra footage and stuff . After you 've watched the movie go back and get the commentary from the `` coyotes '' . It 's basically you and them watching the movie and they 're talking through it . Like `` ooh girl I fell right after I said that line , hahahahah '' like a party with your friends talking about a movie . Of course that did n't happen I do n't think . You also get a little bit of audition from the cast . You get Coyote101 about dancing , drinks , etc. . I did n't even know LeAnn Rimes had a music video for this , it 's so cool . The effects on there is cool to , I 'm a little disappointed with the deleted scenes though , yeah they were unnecessary , I 'd say only one scene would make the final cut if one had to be chosen , and NONE OF THEM HAD TYRA I 'M MAD AT THAT . THAT 'S THE MAIN REASON I GOT IT . I want MORE TYRA !!!!!!!!!!!!! STILL GO GET THIS ON DVD IT 'S SO COOL , I 'M GOIGN TO BUY IT WHEN I GET SOME MORE HOOOPLABYYYYYYYYEEEEEEE MAKE SOME NOISE !!!!!!!!! OOOOOOOOOWWWWWW EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWW < HOWL >
 I usually dont give reviews of movies becuase everyone else does and it sums up what I have to say but I read the reviews for this movie and was very dissapointed . I went three times to see this moive . It was exectly every time I saw it . I even bought the soundtrack which was wonderful . The movie was Awsome . It shows how you should never give up on anything that you really want - boy or girl - becuase it can be acheived . I belive that everyone should see this movie !!
 I thought this film was great , especially as there is a real bar in NY like the one in the film . Coyote Ugly is an excellent film for pretty much everyone to see , and the CD is also good . If you dislike this film , then why are you looking at buying it anyway ???
 For the past 9 years I have harbored a secret desire to watch Coyote Ugly . I thought it would be extremely cheesy but that I would like it in spite of it all . A guilty pleasure . I expected to like it , like I enjoyed Flash Dance , Mystic Pizza with the debut of Julia Roberts , Bottoms Up with Paris Hilton and Jason Mewes , or Cocktail with Tom Cruise . I thought I would like it , but I did n't expect that I would like it as much as I did . Now I am wondering why I waited 9 years.Violet Sanford -LRB- Piper Pirabo -RRB- is a Pizza Waitress in New Jersey , but she dreams of moving to New York to be a Songwriter . Her mother wanted to be a singer , too , but gave it up to marry Violet 's dad -LRB- John Goodman -RRB- . He is a toll collector , and he depends on her a lot , now that his wife has passed away . He ca n't stop her from pursuing her dream , even though he 'd prefer that she stayed in Jersey.Once she has moved to New York , she finds that it is tough making a living , and ends up working at a rough bar called Coyote Ugly , where the bartenders , all female , dance on the bar , and keep up a rowdy atmosphere that packs the joint nightly . What kind of drinks do they serve there ? ---------------------------------- Customer
 This is a feel good happy movie ! I really find it annoying that people would say the way they dress makes them non-feminist . The last time I checked america was a free country and women could wear whatever they want to without being labeled . Feminism is an attitude not a look . The movie is not a feminist joke . It 's about women who are in control and having the time of their lives ! Definately worth the watch !
 I ca n't believe the harsh reviews written about this movie . I love it.True , you do n't have to use much brain to watch it , but it is a true hit in my mind . It does n't claim to be up for an Oscar . It is a fun-loving , precious , low-key , weekend movie everyone should go see . It has something for everyone . It was so entertaining I saw it 3 more times and had to own it . The soundtrack is so good , mine is almost played out . Do n't take anyone 's word for it , go see it yourself . You will be glad you did .
 Coyote Ugly is one of the best movies i 've seen so far . When i walked out of the theatre after watching Coyote Ugly , i was like `` WOW ! That was a really good movie '' . The actors are fantastic , cinematography was good , on top of that , the SOUNDTRACK is really really cool . I immediately went to the stores to get the soundtrack to the movie . Some people think that this movies has a lot of `` sexual '' content , but i think it 's nothing more than just a few pretty ladies in nice looking outfits having the time of their lives . This movies is a MUST-WATCH and certainly worth the money to get it . Trust me , it 's really fantastic .
 PIPER PERABO WAS AN EXCELLENT ACTRESSSO WAS LEANN RIMES AND THE OTHER LADIES AT THE BAR .
 I saw Coyote Ugly 25 times and enjoyed every time it was such a great movie I am looking forward to watching it on DVD and the bar scenes were really well done and the music was great throughout the movie and the acting was good and it had a good story to it as well
 Producer Jerry Bruckheimer seems to have an innate sense of what makes money in cinema . He seldom makes a film that is n't profitable and has numerous blockbusters on his resume over the past 30 years -LRB- American Gigolo , Flashdance , Beverly Hills Cop , Top Gun , The Rock , Con Air , Armageddon -RRB- . Bruckheimer is a populist producer . He is more concerned with giving audiences what they want than he is about producing films of any artistic value or substance . In that regard , `` Coyote Ugly '' fits right in.This film is energetic , entertaining , scintillating and fun to watch . The story is `` Flashdance '' lite , and is reminiscent of the popular but vacuous `` Cocktail '' with Tom Cruise , only with a decent plot woven in . Violet Sanford -LRB- Piper Perabo -RRB- is a young aspiring songwriter who leaves South Amboy , New Jersey traveling to New York City to be discovered . When things do n't go as planned , she takes a job as a bartender in a raucous singles bar where the sexy female bartenders dance provocatively on the bar to the shrieks of the rowdy patrons below . Of course , there is a love story to go along with the quest for fame , completing the populist formula.Bruckheimer defies the conventional Hollywood big budget approach by using an ensemble cast of veritable unknowns and a first time director . Other than John Goodman in a minor role , and supermodel Tyra Banks who has n't done much acting , most of the actors have extremely short resumes . This gives the film a freshness and energy that comes from the cast 's exhilaration at just being on the set.Piper Perabo is an incredible find . She is not simply acting in this film , but living the role . Just like her character Violet , this film is her big break so her ability to understand the character and the role is implicit -LRB- another stroke of Bruckheimer genius -RRB- . Perabo is an excellent actor with tremendous ability and potential . It is likely that this film will be the launch pad for a bright career . Maria Bello also gives a fabulous performance as Lil , the tough and successful owner of the nightclub . Australian actor Adam Garcia has great chemistry with Perabo as Violet 's love interest . His pleasant demeanor and good looks have many people comparing him with Mel Gibson , although it remains to be seen whether he can handle roles that are more substantial . John Goodman provides one of the film 's best moments when he gets up on the bar and dances as Violet auctions him off to the screaming women in the crowd.The DVD is packed with interesting special features about the making of the film . It also includes a DTS audio option , which I like better than Dolby Digital 5.1 . The soundtrack is pulsating and explosive and pumps the film up with excitement.This is not great filmmaking , but it is great entertainment . It is an amiable film that sparkles with energy and is easy to watch . I rated it a 7/10 . Many people were surprised by how much they enjoyed it , but I 'm never surprised when I like a Jerry Bruckheimer film . He knows how to push our buttons .
 I was not so impressed with the video quality . It was a bit grainly , but better than the DVD copy . Blu-ray gives you the newer lossless sound that will rock your world . You will feel like you are in the bar.I recommend this because of the sound quality and it is worth the upgrade if you like this movie .
 What brought me into watching Coyote Ugly ? Exactly what it promoted . Nice looking girls dancing atop a bar to nice songs . But there 's so much more to Coyote Ugly than that ! Although there are enough entertaining bar dancing scenes to satisfy anyone . Coyote Ugly tells the story of Violet Sanford , an aspiring songwriter who moves to New York City -- away from her protective father -- to pursue her career . While living in a trashy apartment , she is robbed of almost everything she owns , and is quick to find a job . She finds one at Coyote Ugly , one of the hottest bars in NYC . Yet , she finds that serving at this bar is a bit difficult . You also have to dance and entertain . Among the chaos of Coyote Ugly , Violet meets a young man , and a romance is developed . The antics at the bar , Violet 's search for fame , her budding romance , and some downtimes make for a nice , comfy blend of drama and comedy . Actually , the mix of drama and comedy is just right and suits the pace of the film fairly well . As there is hardly a dull moment.Piper Perabo stars as Voilet Sanford . Perabo was awesome in this movie , as she perfected at pulling off Violet 's innocent yet strong-willed personality . Adam Garcia plays Violet 's love interest , and gives enough charm and wit to make his character interesting and likable . John Goodman is here as Violet 's father , and has some pretty good moments . Preferably at the end . The Coyote girls were all excellent in their parts . Even though they were sort of stereotyped nothing ever fell out of place . And do n't think that Tyra Banks has a big part here . Her onscreen time is probably less than 10 minutes . But she shines when she 's there.With it 's perfect blend of comedy , drama , good performances , and fun bar scenes - Coyote Ugly is a perfect feel good , inspiring movie .
 Everyone has one of those movies . One of those movies they can watch twice a day every day and never get bored of . For me , this and `` The Breakfast Club '' are those movies . What makes Coyote Ugly so special ? To be honest , everything . When I went to see in in theatres , I was expecting it to turn out a fun party movie for the guys to enjoy , and for us girls to laugh at . Instead , I found the most likable romance-comedy I 've ever seen . It was marketed all wrong . Everything about this movie is perfect . Piper Perabo is my favorite actress to date , despite having done little film work before Coyote Ugly , and with a few projects in the works . There 's something in her voice that makes every word out of her mouth believable . Adam Garcia is the sexist man I 've ever seen in movies or music , hands down . To top it all off , he has an Aussie accent . -LRB- Is there ANYTHING sexier ? -RRB- He 's a dancer before an actor , but I do n't care how well he dances , he was born to act and I hopt to see more of him as soon as I can . Ignoring the fact that both my favorite actress and favorite actor are in this movie , the plot and script could practically not have been imporved on . This is a feel-good movie , and the ending is a typical one for a romance , but the characters are so easy to attach to that no other ending would have been satisfying . Even though you might not love the movie to point I do , If you want romance , comedy , or even just to see girls in skimpy clothing do a table dance , you 'll see it all here . Do n't bother to rent it , put that 3 bucks towards buying it . See that botton that says `` Add to cart ? '' Click it .
 I thought that this movie was very good and the girls very hotter than John Goodman in the Mojave Desert . Bruckheimer did a great job and the story line is really good
 First of all to those who say the only people that would like this film are the younger generation , I have news for you . I am not of that generation . I am in my mid 20s and just absolutely loved this movie . Jerry Bruckheimer did it again . The music was great , especially what was done by LeAnn Rhimes -LRB- by the way nice surprise to bring her in during the movie -RRB- . I was n't sure about this movie at first , which is one reason why I did n't see it in the movies but now that I have seen it -LRB- and seen it 3 times already -RRB- I actuallly wish I had . I plan on buying it when I get my next paycheck plus I believe the soundtrack may need to be bought as well . All I can say is this movie was worth my time and energy to watch and I will continue to watch it over and over .
 All the reviews said bad acting but beautiful women . I think both were great . This movie is based on a girl that wants to be a singer but has terrible stage fright . She goes to work in a bar , `` Coyote Ugly '' and this is where the beautiful women come in . They get their money by dancing on the bar . She makes the cut , but then has to make up $ 300 to stay . She does it and also makes her first singing appearance here . There is also the love story that is tangled in . She gets caught up with a guy that says he 's a producer , but he is n't . But they make up and end up together . Despite her fathers disagreements , she continues to stive for her goal to be a singer . She ends up with the guy and the ability to sing on stage in a happy ending . Overall , this is a very sexy movie with an interesting plot , including Leanne Rimes giving a private concert at the bar . The dancing and singing is great and I recommend this as a good date movie .
 The story is entertaining , the girls are gorgeous , Adam Garcia -LRB- Kevin O'Donnell -RRB- is incredibly good looking and the music `` Ca n't fight the moonlight '' from LeAnn Rimes is my favarous music of this year . f you have not seen it yet , go and see it or buy or rent this movie as soon as you can , of course if you like young , entertaining , fun movies . The story is about this girl who moves to a big city , to try her chances to sell the music she creates , but life is not that easy after a while she has to work to gain some money and she founds herself serving drinks as a coyote in a bar ... the rest is for you to watch . Enjoy it , I know you 'll love it ...
 I thought this movie was not only entertaining but gave a great message to everyone especially young women trying to make it in the music buisness . I really liked the moral that being portrayed in this film .
 I am so tired of reading reviews from people who think every movie should be an artistic masterpiece , or at the very least , should have a poignant message . This is one of the most entertaining films my wife and I have seen in a long time , and none of the people involved with its production have anything to apologize for . It unquestionably delivers exactly what Bruckheimer , et al intended , and it does not pretend to be anything else . If I wanted something artistic or meaningful , I would have looked for word `` Miramax '' on the outside of the box - a studio that has made many wonderful movies , but not the type of high impact , SIMPLE fun Jerry Bruckheimer and the late Don Simpson have delivered so well . Sometimes , it 's just what the doctor ordered.Turn out the lights , turn up the volume , break out the popcorn , have a few drinks , and enjoy ...
 For any adventurous one who has ever dreamed of stepping into the unknown to pursue the impossible career in NYC , this movie restores interest and builds inspiration . Against an invigorating , exciting , adrenaline-pumping soundtrack lies a sweet romantic story that is extremely entertaining , what with all the bar-top dancing and kickin ' wardrobes . The guys loved the models in skin-baring , shot-pouring mode , while the girls loved the cute boy , and the good-girl-with-a-rebel-flair element . Absolutely Rocks !
 Oh Piper Perabo you 've hit home with this one ! This movie had my full attenion from begining to end ! Violet Stanford -LRB- Piper Perabo -RRB- plays the part of an up and coming song writer who ca n't get her songs heard unless she sings them herself at auditions . She suffers from severe stage fright and in the mean time she over hears three gals talking of making $ 300.00 a night or better at a bar called coyote ugly , where she ends up getting a job . The bar scenes are hysterical for the most part , if bars were really like that i 'd start going ! Without spoiling the end of this movie ... I 'll just say that for any of you who 's ever had a dream this is one inspiring movie , a must see on any ones list !!!
 Coyote Ugly is the best movie I 've ever seen . I 'm 15 years old and so far it is my favorite movie ever ! I loved it ! I can really relate to it ! Adam Garcia is SO HOT ! I think Piper Perabo is a really good actress . I love the storyline . It 's about a dream that many teenagers today have ! It 's awesome !
 This fast paced movie , with a definite wild side , will have you stomping your feet in no time . While it tends to lack in its story line , it will keep you entertained with its high-energy bar scenes . Lovable John Goodman rounds out the cast of beautiful woman and one incredible Aussie , making this a fairly enjoyable movie . If you seek depth , you 're looking in the wrong place . Coyote Ugly is pure fluff with just a bit of romance and a little starving artist appeal .
 This movie was on of the best movies released in 2000 .
 I refused to see this movie when it was in the theaters , but once it hit video I could n't wait to see it . So naturally I rented it the day it came out . I was very surprised at how good it really was . I suspected it was going to be all about the bar and sleezy girls strutting their stuff , but I was delightfully surprised . The plot of the movie is really fun and interesting to watch as the young Violet works towards her dream . There were a few unrealistic aspects of this movie but overall a great and worthwhile flick . The Australian guy was a scene stealer and made the movie worth watching for the women out there . I definately would recommend seeing this movie . My boyfriend thinks of it as a chick flick , but did n't mind watching the bar girls . Go figure .
 Thsi movie delivers with a little of everything , action , romance , and a little something extra for the guys . Violet , a little town girl , has roamed into the big city in search of her dream . To be a professional songwriter . The only way to make the money she needs to support herself she has to get from dancing on a bear at a local pub , or so it seems . You should see this movie if your looking for a love story , a little fun for the guys , or a laugh out loud riot , in all i give this flick 4 stars for greatness .
 This movie is about 21 year-old Vilet Sanford , whos dream is becomming a song writer in New York , but theres 1 catch , the only way she can get her songs published is if she sings them herself , and she cant sing to her own songs , she gets scared . When she finally gets to New York , she meets this guy named `` Mr Odonnel '' , who she soon falls in love with . After someone robs her appartment , she is left broke . Later she goes to a restaurant and learns about the bar Coyote Ugly . Vilet goes to the bar , and gets a job . One night the crowd is rowdy , taking the Coyotes off the bar and fighting eachother . When the juke box turns on , its Vilets turn to shine , she starts to sing , and the crowd falls in love with her . Soon she gets an auditon to play at the Elbow Room , a clu where record prodcers hang out . But her boss Lil wont let her go , so she is forced to stay at work . Kevin -LRB- Mr Odonnel -RRB- gets mad , and goes to the bar , and 1 of the rules of the bar is your boyfriend cant come in . SO to make things worse , she gets in a fight with kevin AND gets fired . Soon her dad gets hit by a car , and hes hospitalized . He tells Vilet about her mom , who went to New york to be a singer , and how he let her quit . He wouldnt let Vilot quit . He just wouldnt . Soon Vilet writes a song called Cant Fight The Moonlight , and sends it into a club . The club loved it , and asked her to perform it live . When vilet finally gets on the stage , she blacks out ... until she sees Kevin . then she has the guts to continue . She stuck it out and sung her song . Everyone loved her , and soon , LeAnn Rimes published it , and all Vilets dreams had come true .
 I can watch this over and over again . I had to wait for it to come on tv until I finally bought it
 Love the music and story line . Shows with a little determination you can accomplish your dreams . Well worth the money !
 Ok the music was great , acting pretty good , story was good and believablemade for an enjoyable eveing at home . . and yes I bought it to see it again -LRB- lol -RRB- . .
 What a great movie . Even the hubby loved it ! Not appropriate for children under 13 years of age . Fast shipper ! Thank you !
 The case does n't close all the way but no big deal . Everything else was perfect ! Shipping was good and everything that they said about the product was right .
 Actually appreciate this movie considerably more after watching for at least the third time . Definitely an underrated offbeat light-hearted comedy IMVHO -LRB- in my very humble opinion -RRB- . Well acted , good story , entertaining ; co-starring a couple baaabes , piper perabo and brigit moynahan . Raucous bar . . rockin ' leather pants . . chicks high steppin ' , struttin ' & bootin ' it right up on the counter . . OH YA . . Totally recommend !
 I love this movie , i watched it the first time with my best friend and then realized that i had to have a copy of it because its such a great movie
 I bought it for my twenty year old and she loved it like she has all the other seasons and cant wait for the next season
 I 've watched One Tree Hill since the first episode the first season . I have to say that I 'm not as passionate about the show as I used to be ; the characters Lucas and Peyton left and I thought that would ruin the show . However , that just lead to the show growing and getting to know smaller characters more . Season seven of One Tree Hill is amazing and the actors/actresses are great . It 's a good show and the dvd allows for episodes to be watched without commercials . It 's also the smallest and most compact dvd case out of all of the seasons -LRB- I have all 7 -RRB- . I would recommend this item .
 Shipped Fast . The product was in great condition . Would buy from them again in the future .
 Even though , I think that the show was at its peak around seasons 3 and 4 , I love this show no matter what -LRB- without Peyton and Lucas even -RRB- . I actually really enjoyed this season , I loved Brooke in this season . She 's my favorite character . Anyways , for all of you complaining that its not the same OTH , get over it ! It 's still an excellent show , with good actors .
 My cable was out , and I missed my favorite shows . Thank goodness for Amazon where I could watch them and not worry about viruses or signing up for a monthly fee . Thanks !
 Bethany Joy Galeotti as Haley James Scott is the standout of S7 as is her relationship with her husband Nathan -LRB- James Lafferty -RRB- and son Jamie . It was truly Haley 's season to shine and that she did with the writer 's finally and effectively delving further into her family , music , inner feelings and life than ever before.On the whole an entertaining season and an improvement over the tedious season 6 , with welcome cast additions in the form of Clay -LRB- Nathan 's sports agent played by the charismatic Robert Buckley -RRB- , Haley 's sister Quinn -LRB- Shantel VanSanten -RRB- and Alex -LRB- Jana Kramer -RRB- , as Brooke 's new model .
 I 've watched every episode of season 7 , I really loved it ! I 'm a big sophia bush fan , so I love her work . I love the Brooke/Julian relationship , I think they are worth watching . Haley and Nathan are still going strong . I also like the new characters . Of course you feel the emptiness of Lucas and Peyton but the cast really makes up for their absence !! Maybe they will return for a episode or two . I would like to see Brooke 's almost adopted daughter make a return also !
 I lovedd season 7 ! the season finale was insane!There has been news that for season 8 Lucas and Peyton will return !! go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and check it out !
 AMAZING ! I love this show and its great to own all the seasons now . the CDs were all in great condition as well .
 love one tree hill . Was glad to get the 7th season at a decent price.would def recomment to a friend . i have all of them now to complete my set .
 Been watching this show on DVD since I got it . It made me even make want to get season 8 in the store which I did . It 's a great show , one of my fav shows
 This has to be one of my favorite seasons . I thought it was n't going to be as good without Chad Michael Murray & Hilarie Burton 's characters but the integration of Clay and Quinn was perfect and you grow to love them just as much as everyone else ! I would recommend anyone to keep watching , it 's a great season !
 I am such a fan of the One Tree Hill Series thanks to my two daughters . Its always really easy to watch and I love seeing the actors age over the series since the inception . Great .
 My sister really enjoyed getting this for her birthday . She 's a huge One Tree Hill fan and has the other six seasons so now she 's one step closer to completing her collection .
 The DVDs work great with every DVD and TV system in the house . Very interesting episodes ! Glad I made the purchase !
 I have watched this show from the very beginning and I still love it ! I own all of the seasons and unlike some others on my shelf , these actually get watched over and over !
 THE SERIES one tree hill is one of my favourite teen drama this series features everything drama , laugh , scandal.the series open with a scandal for nathan , brooke works at clothes over bros with her mother creating a new line and chose the actress alex dupre -LRB- series regular -RRB- which takes drama in the relationship between brooke and julian , millicent become the model who rappresents the brooke 's line and start be friend with alex which takes millicent to use drugs and alcohool.the other new faces in this season are quinn -LRB- shantel vansanten -RRB- and quinn -LRB- robert buckley -RRB- . hailey start a music tour with nathan and jamie , in the second part of the season hailey has a bad period trying to kill herself.PACKAGE
 So when I found out that Lucua and Peyton were not going to be in the 7th season I was very upset and thought that the 7th season wouldnt live up to all the other awesome seasons . To my surprise thank God they didnt just replace their characters they just started a new story with two other characters . Its still funny has a great story line and awesome music . I love One Tree Hill and would suggest everyone to give it a chance even though the two main people arent in it anymore ^_^
 I was hesitant to buy this season because there are new characters but I was pleasantly surprised that the new characters were interesting and fun . Loved this season and I hope one tree hill continues forever .
 I recommend this product and i had no problem with the company that it came from . It got here on time and in Great shape .
 When I found out that Lucas and Peyton were off the show , I was very disappointed.I did not think they would be able to coninue the show well without those 2 characters . But , with the new characters , the show is still as amazing as its always been . Very entertaining season , I could not stop watching it !
 OTH7 was pretty good . Not the best season , but definitely still awesome . Many new characters and new events . Very nice .
 I know i 'm so not in my teens anymore , but I am addicted to this show and hav n't missed an episode ! I 'm collecting the box sets not only for decoration but to keep getting my fill of the show ! I pre ordered this , shipping was fast , and even while waiting for this season to come out , the price dropped by a few bucks and I got an e-mail from Amazon automatically refunding me the difference . Great !
 This season it 's a little different and change the principle subject of the series . But it 's ok for keep the collection complete .
 I own every season of One Tree Hill ! I love the Season , and there were no problems with it , it did n't skip . the packaging was in great condition !!!!!
 One Tree Hill , Season 7 . This has been my favourite season so far . The introduction of the new characters gave the tv series a new vibe that I loved , but still in the same style as the previous six seasons . However I did miss Lucas and Peyton very much and felt that they needed to be part of some storylines throughout the season , especally with Brooke . Brooke was there for Peyton when she was in a rough patch and that made their friendsip special and realistic , but when Brooke was going through tough times this season there was not even a phone call from Peyton . So that annoyed me that the writers could n't add just that little bit in . The new characters fit in well and the storylines fit too . Clay has to be my favourite addition . He has the best back ground very interesting and entertaining , not to mention Very good looking . My least favourite is Alex -LRB- girl -RRB- she is too soppy and it makes the show drag in parts . I loved the story line with Haley and her mum , it was very moving . I think that I cried for 3 episodes straight . I think that the writers did an excellent job and the directors and film crew as usual did fantastic work ! The bonus features were excellent to watch also . The ending to the season was extremely exciting and i can not wait for season 8 Living in Australia , I am very glad to have bought this from amazon as it is not avaliable in stores here . I also bought seasons 5 and 6 from amazon and I am very happy with the service that I recieved , I recomend it to everyone ! I will be waiting for season 8 to become avaliable and will be ordering it as soon as it does !! One Tree Hill
 I have always loved One tree hill , even though it did lose my interest when characters Lucas and Peyton were removed , but I would definitely continue to watch the whole series over and over again .
 My Daughter-in-law is collecting this series and she loves it . I am very happy I found it on here for her .
 I have been watching reruns of seasons 's 1 thru 6 and finally purchased the rest !! Just finished season 7 and was very happy with it and can not wait to watch season 8 !
 Still enjoying One Tree Hill after all these seasons . Love the characters and most of the storylines . Good packaging , consistent with all previous seasons .
 Situations realreaction you have experienced - erach of us faces death in a different way and how siome it takes a long time release the grief theyb feel and the lesson they should have learned from their loved one who died.WHAT REALLY IS LOVE
 Anyone can get into this show . For all ages . It 's very addicting and i wish it never ended . Worst part is Chad leaving
 Makes me sad to think that I will never see a new episode of this show again ! Great season ... along with all the others !
 Great cast . Great episodes . Great price . I love every single episode from this series . sad to see it come to an end .
 I bought it as gift for someone who is a HUGE fan of One Tree Hill , as I said with each season . Someone enjoy it so much . So I can say that it is a great show to enjoy if you wants to collect all seasons .
 Just an FYI for all you Lucas Scott/Chad Michael Murray fans
 I love the this season , the quality of the DVD was excellent . THe arrival of the DVD was before the estimated date.i would defiantly buy from Amazon again. : -RRB-
 Suprisingly I loved this at the end of every season had to have the next was so sad when it ended
 I love the dvd and very glad I bought this season since I didnt get the chance to watch when it was on tv . .
 This product was delivered at a reasonable amount of time considering it was international.Package was not damaged in the slightest and ive enjoyed watching every second of this season as it has not yet been released on DVD in Aus yet.Good work !
 When I 'd first seen the box , I was worried about how this show would fare given the new characters . My fears were surprising unfounded , and this season was incredible to say the least . I am looking forward to the coming season of one of my favorite shows !!!
 I am a HUGE One Tree Hill fan . I was pretty worried about the new season minus two of the biggest characters on the show - Peyton and Lucas ... but the writers did a great job at adding in new and interesting characters - and I surprisingly found myself being drawn into it ! I think this season is great and very entertaining !!
 One Tree Hill ~ These guys feature amazing up and coming artists and is worth the purchase , if on sale !
 The quality of the product was perfect . Brand new . It was sent out it two days . I was very satisfied .
 I purchased One Tree Hill Season 7 from the online store . The item came one day later than the estimated arrival time , only because the day before was a public holiday , so there was no delay in the product being shipped overseas.The packaging of this product was in brand new condition and was mailed in bubble wrap to ensure no damage . All disks in the DVD were enclosed all brand new . This is the first time I have ever purchased from Amazon and would happily come back as it is a reliable online store .
 I am a coming-of-age genre fan , so OTH/One Tree Hill is right up my alley . My favorite season was season 2 , but now season 7 is giving it a run for its money . I love how the characters have evolved and come together . I was concerned about the timbre of the show when I learned that Peyton and Luke were n't in this season , but that did not hurt the show at all . Some new and lovable characters were introduced , some continuing storylines were followed , and a lot of the themes introduced/addressed were perfectly fitting for 20-somethings trying to make their lives work . The show and characters will make you laugh and cry , especially if you 've been following them all along . And if you have n't and want to start now , this is a good place to start . And as always , the music is * fantastic * !
 I bought this for my 19 year old Daughter who is a ONE TREE HILL fan ! She was very happy and has watched every single episode during Christmas break .
 i brought it for my granddaughters and they watch all the dvd 's until they were done so it lasted about 48hrs ,
 AFTER RECIVING THE 7TH SEASON SET AND IT WOULD NOT WORK ... I MADE A SHORT PHONE CALL AND HAD A REPLACEMENT THE VERY NEXT DAY ... WOW , WHAT SERVICE ... MY GRAND-DAUGHTER ALSO THANKS YOU !!!
 No problems with order ! Received item within time frame . Have n't played the DVDs yet but they are new in packaging so any problems with DVD would not be seller fault .
 I was very pleased with this product and quickly it was shipped !! If your a One Tree Hill fan then ur gon na love this !!
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift , and received it in plenty of time . It was brand new never opened , and my daughter loved it !
 I bought this for my sister for Christmas . She 's a One Tree Hill fanatic . She HAS to have all the complete seasons . Now that she 's got season 7 , she 's satisfied until season 8 comes around . I noticed some people said the quality was n't that good . I was watching an episode with my sister and I noticed it was quite clear on her flat screen . I 'm not sure what people were talking about when they mentioned the quality not being good . Anyway she 's happy and I got it for a nice price prior to Xmas . I 'm amazed how much Amazon 's prices fluctuate . Luckily I bit before the price increase.A must have for any One Tree Hill fan . My sister recommends it lol .
 OTH S7 is just as annoyingly captivating as the previous six seasons . Once I start , I ca n't stop ! Looking forward to S8 being available
 I love OTH , therefore 5 Stars.But I am missing Lucas and Payton they were so great together , but still Season 7 is brillant!A lot of tension , ups and downs , like the other seasons .
 I love this show , I bought this season to complete my collection . They have made the boxed set boxes a lot smaller in size over time , but still packed with all the great episodes of this fantastic show !
 One Tree Hill remains one of the best shows on television even in it 's seventh season and with the departure of Hilarie Burton and Chad Michael Murray.It 's fourteen months into the future and the season starts with a scandal that could derail Nathan 's -LRB- James Lafferty -RRB- basketball career . Brooke -LRB- Sophia Bush -RRB- continues her work at Clothes Over Bros , along with her mother , Victoria -LRB- Daphne Zuniga -RRB- whom she had just reconnected with at the end of season 6 . She also deals with her bumpy romance with Julian -LRB- Austin Nichols -RRB- who becomes a regular this season . Haley -LRB- Bethany Joy Galeotti -RRB- dives back into her music career and Millicent -LRB- Lisa Goldstein -RRB- spirals out of control as the season progresses , ruining her relationship with Mouth -LRB- Lee Norris -RRB- , who eventually begins a small romance with Lauren -LRB- Allison Munn -RRB- after Skills -LRB- Antwon Tanner -RRB- leaves town for a job . Finally , Dan -LRB- Paul Johannson -RRB- is now the host of his own talk show , with Rachel -LRB- Danneel Harris -RRB- as his wife . Newcomers include Alex -LRB- Jana Kramer -RRB- , an actress who has her eyes on Julian . Also new in town are Clay -LRB- Robert Buckley -RRB- , Nathan 's agent and Quinn -LRB- Shantel Vansanten -RRB- , Haley 's sister , who 's just left her husband and has a passion for photography , Miranda -LRB- India de Beaufort -RRB- Haley 's new sassy manager and Grubbs , the new bartender at Tric with a secret talent that has nothing to do with mixing drinks.Other guest stars during the season include Taylor James -LRB- Lindsey Mckeon -RRB- , who first appeared in season 2 , as well as Kate Voegele , Stephen Colleti , Bess Armstrong -LRB- Haley 's mother -RRB- , Mitch Ryan -LRB- Brooke 's model , Alex -RRB- , Gregory Harrison and Amanda Schull -LRB- as Clay 's wife & stalker tennis player Katie -RRB- . All in all , the season stays true to the show and continues to impress with fresh , funny and many times emotional and dramatic storylines that made the show the hit it is.Don ' t miss out on this season . Even though Hil and Chad are gone , it 's still staying strong without them .
 I was alittle nervous going into this season . Afterall , Lucas and Peyton were a huge part of the show , if not the show themselves . especially Lucas . so I thought that the show would suck without him and I was pleasantly suprised when I saw the first episode and it was just as good . Not saying that certain storylines did n't annoy me or bother me at one time or another . but i had that in any season . not just this one . I thought the whole dan storyline in the beginning was alittle pushed and I did n't like the way they tarnished Rachel 's charactor . But overall , it remained a strong show in season seven . Still had great storylines . and it earned season 8 . if they day comes when it 's not producing good storylines . then it should be cancelled . but until then , give the show it 's props . it deserves to be on air .
 If you only read this line , then watch season 7 for yourself , and you be the judge.You wo n't be disappointed.Most past fans might complain that this season 7 without Chad and Hilarie was awful.I personally loved them , but the show moved on . I was glad to see the other characters grow , and get more screen time.The show is just as strong without certain characters , and has the same heart.So instead of listening to bias reviews , from people who have n't gotten past the first episode of seaon 7 , Check it out for yourself ... if you are a true fan , you will still find something to love about the show.Sometimes change is good , it all depends on your perspective .
 Well two of my kids collect this series , they grew up watching this show and they love it ! So I had to get the rest of the ones they did n't have to finish there series collections !
 Season seven is fantastic ... did n't miss Lucas and Peyton at all . Absolutely love Clay and Quinn . Keeps the show fresh and fun . Loved it all : -RRB-
 First
 OK so One Tree Hill Season 7 has alot of mixed reviews which is completely understandable.So I have watch EVER SINGLE EPISODE OF OTH so I 'm definitly a true fan.But I 'm kinda in the middle about Season 7 because it wasnt a terrible season but it wasnt a great one either.I definitly think it 's worth the watch but the price of it now it $ 32.42 and I dont think it 's worth the price of $ 33 dollars ... now I caught it one sale for 18.99 I think its worth that price. : -RRB- It also took me a while to get through this season but with the other 3-4 days this one a week.I also miss the opening song and hate that they just show the `` one tree hill '' . But like people pointed out it wasnt really that much drama in this season it was mostly just fun and games ... sure they had the girl that `` claimed '' she slept with Nathan and the mothers passing away.But nothing that really captured your attention to make you be like OH I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT no.I also felt like they used some of the music just to try to fell the time for about 3-5 minutes....3-5 minutes that could have been used for something better than watching people sing.And alot of people are like apparently people who dont like this season arent true fans ... well I AM ... seen every episode , own every season , and DVR every episode from Season 8 . I also loved the cover of Season 7 ... such a awesome cover for a not so awesome season.But yes I dont think it 's a terrible season which is why I gave it 4 stars but not the best which is why it lost a star.It kinda sucks that they took off all the people who made the show so great Dan , Deb , Karen , LUCAS , PEYTON.Currently watching Season 8 and I think it 's safe to say that the show will never be what it once was.Further as the new characters : Quinn-my favorite NEW characterAlex-too dramatic she was kinda funnyClay-kinda boring didnt really care for himJulian-he was alright not the most interesting characterSo on a scale 1-10 I 'd probably give it a 6 but thats my opnion definitly still a great show , still worth the watch , I hope that the rest of Season 8 will be better than Season 7 and it does look like Season 8 is a little better probably right now I 'd give Season 8 a 8 . My Favorite Seasons -LRB- 1-the best 7-not that great -RRB- :1 . Season 42 . Season 53 . Season 64 . Season 75 . Season 36 . Season 27 . Season 1-only because not that much awesome drama as the characters are still trying to develop and had some dull episodes ... but hey what can you expect from a starter season.Lol sorry for this being so long but just wanted to share my thoughts and opinions.Some of my favorite episodes are : -7 x05 `` Your Cheatin Heart '' -7 x07 `` I and Love and You '' -LRB- one of the best episodes of the season -RRB- -7 x14 `` Family Affairs '' -7 x22 `` Almost Everything I Wish I 'd Said the Last Time I saw You '' -LRB- the best episode of the season also season finale . -RRB- The others are good to but these ones really stood out!The weakest episode of the season was 7x01 `` 4:30 am '' kinda dull and slow.Final Thoughts : It was good season definitly not the best but definitly not the worst but still good.I think if your a fan of one tree hill pick it up as you 'll like not love but like it too.But if your a die hard LUCAS and PEYTON fan well just consider Season 6 your last season you buy cause from the looks of it their not coming back.Thanks you Amazon for letting it arrive on time.I love lucas and peyton but I still found the show pretty good without them.So thanks for reading my review if you have any comments or disagree with me on somethings or just wondering about things feel free to leave comments.Thanks kbye :-RRB- .
 So glad I got the 7th season to complete my collection ! I ca n't wait to keep watching until the end of the show !
 If you love suspense , romance and intrigue , you will most certainly enjoy this series . It is so dramatic and addictive that you might as well order the entire series all at one time !
 Love this show and its so awesome I can watch it whenever I feel like it . And they have all episodes available .
 I love this movie . I have been looking for this movie on dvd ever since I saw it on USA Network . Chuck Norris and Judson Mills make an excellent fighting team . If you want an action movie with lots of martial arts footage , then this movie is for you .
 Secret Service agent Joshua McCord , after rescuing the First Lady from terrorist kidnappers , returns to protect the country in a special assignment . This time , the president needs McCord to chase down and stop a terrorist who plans to detonate a nuclear weapon in the US . Not many sequels can live up to the original movie , but this one does . Noris and Mills are a great team . Excellent movie , just as good as the first one .
 This movie is by far one of my favorites but you ca n't take it seriously . In the movie , Chuck 's protege `` Deke Slater '' nabs the terrorist leader Fidal Rasheed by sky-diving out of a stealth fighter over Afganistan and hang-gliding from southern Afganistan to the Indian Ocean in 5 minutes , where a nuclear submarine comes out of nowhere to rescue him . Chuck Norris seems to have forgotten that Afganistan is a landlocked country ! The flag-waving -LRB- for both America and the great state of Texas -RRB- is hilarious . And Chuck Norris tries to take on a Yoda figure role by teaching Deke about using the `` mind 's eye '' to sense his opponents and do things `` never thought humanly possible '' .
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE , THIS FILM WILL HIT HOME WITH TODAYS WORLD PROBLEMS , IT REALLY IS A MUST SEE , YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED . . IF YOU LIKE ACTION AND A DECENT PLOT , THIS FILM IS FOR YOU . I HOPE CHUCK DOES A PRESIDENTS MAN 3 . IF HE DOES I WILL BE THE FIRST ON LINE TO BUY THE DVD ...
 Jane Fonda , with Ms. Redgrave , makes this a reasonable and incredible synopsis of the war and difficulties of free-thinkers at this time . When you see the poor publicity Fonda has gotten recently because she 's upset about the latest war , remember too , that you need to see her films and read her autobiography . She is brilliant.She 's been there ; done that . She deserves great recognition for this wonderful , valid , strong , creative experience of her brave , yet scared character here . She and Redgrave portray the best of intellectuals . And lately , intellectuals seem to be forgotten by the movie business . Here is a saga , a journey , worthy of high praise . Does n't anyone miss the wonderful historic dramas of times past ? This is one , with acting worthy of acclaim .
 Director Fred Zinnemann 's final film , `` Julia '' , is an ageless classic that looks and feels every bit as good today as when first released in 1977 . Based on Lillian Hellman 's short and reportedly autobiographical story , `` Pentimento '' , `` Julia '' explores the dynamic boundaries of love and friendship against the backdrop of the growing political and social diaster called Nazism . The exquisitely lovely Jane Fonda stars as struggling playwright Lillian Hellman who finds herself drawn into a little known pre World War II resistance movement by her enigmatic friend Julia , portrayed by Vanessa Redgrave in an Academy Award winning performance . `` Julia '' also stars Jason Robards in his oscar winning performance as the famed detective/mystry writer , Dashiell Hammett , along with Maximilian Schell , Hal Holbrook , Cathleen Nesbitt and in her screen debut , Meryl Streep . The DVD transfer is first class and shows this beautifully crafted film to its best advantage .
 A very artfully made adaption of a ` true story ' from a collection of stories entitled ` Pentimento ' by the playwright Lillian Hellman based on her travels in europe before the war.It tells of a friendship between two women played by Jane Fonda & Vanessa Redgrave and the total loyalty and love that binds them together even when thousands of miles apart.The story starts with them growing up in the opulent surroundings of one of Julias many family homes to camping and yachting excursions and then to Julias studies in europe where her increasing social conscience comes to fruition in the slums of Vienna and the spectre of Adolf Hitler on the horizon.Enough said.Both actresses give wonderful performances here as does Jason Robards as Lillians worldly wise but weary lover , Dashiell Hammet.Meryl Streep also pops up unexpectedly but you dont realise its her till later.Here she gives us a small taste of her acting craftsmanship.In fact the whole cast impressed me so much I felt compelled to look up their bios ' later.I was also impressed by the dialogue and script even though doubts have now been raised on the authenticity of the Julia character.But no matter , were it fiction it would still be an interesting tale.But why damage a stories reputation with such claims ? . Perhaps only Hellman herself could answer that ...
 Disregard stories about how Hellman cooked up this story and then passed it off as true . Or about Redgrave 's protest at the Oscars . Both apparently true -LRB- certainly the second one is -RRB- . Just see this movie because it 's simply one of the best movies and stories of all time . The script and acting are both top-notch .
 This is one of my ultimate favorite movies ... superb story - superb acting - suspenseful - unbelievably believable . I highly recommend it .
 JuliaJane Fonda is excellent as Lillian Hellman in this adaptation of the author 's Pentimento , which relates how Lillian was drawn into the European Resistance movement during the Thirties . But even better than Fonda , is Vanessa Redgrave , as her friend ` Julia ' . And Jason Robards Jr. is far more credible than Jane , in his role as writer , Dashiell Hammett . Both he and Vanessa Redgrave , scored the Academy Awards , and so did the script-writer , Alvin Sargent .
 JULIA -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is a great movie , beautifully adapted from Lillian Hellman 's story by Alvin Sargent , exquisitely directed by Fred Zinnemann and boasting a cast of fine actors , including Jane Fonda , Vanessa Redgrave , Jason Robards , Hal Holbrook , Rosemary Murphy , Maximilian Schell and , in her film debut , Meryl Streep.The film earned eleven Oscar nominations , including Best Picture . Redgrave , Robards and Sargent won their statuettes.Fonda plays Hellman , who in the early 1930s was an angry , struggling wannabe playwright , living with mystery writer Dashiell Hammett -LRB- Robards -RRB- . With success still eluding her , she travels to Europe , hoping to find a better atmosphere in which to write , and also to visit with her oldest and dearest friend , Julia -LRB- Redgrave -RRB- , daughter of a very wealthy family who is studying medicine in Vienna.Julia is also involved in an anti-Fascist/anti-Nazi movement , which has resulted in her being badly injured . In fact , after Hellman visits her in the hospital , she disappears . Years later , after she has become a Broadway success , Lillian is asked by Julia , via a political acquaintance -LRB- Schell -RRB- , to undertake a dangerous clandestine mission against the Nazis.Though much of it may be fiction , JULIA is a gripping , moving , often suspenseful drama that stays with viewers long after it has ended . It 's one of this writer 's very favorite films.Michael B. Druxman
 Outstanding film . Jane Fonda is superb as Lillian Hellman and Jason Robards is his usual understated genious . Vanessa Redgrave is very good also . If you blink , you 'll miss Meryl Streep in one of her earliest works . Her talent shows already . The historical and semi-biographical background is what attracted me to buy this film . Most highly recommended.Frances T.
 I had not seen this film since its initial release and to see it again 30 years later was a real treat . Both Jane Fonda and Vanessa Redgrave shine in their roles in this excellent film based on Lillian Hellman 's true life experience during war time . Fonda is at her best in this film playing Lillian Hellman and Vanessa Redgrave won an Academy Award for her performance as Julia . It is a movie not to be missed by serious film buffs .
 I watched this film several times and it always had a big impact on me.It is an unusual American film , since it is more `` european '' or intimate in style . It is very gentle , a bit feminine , more about feelings than action , still a very interesting.The actors , especially Jane Fonda and beautiful Vanessa Redgrave are amazing ! I loved the scenery . I loved the girls who played Julia and Lilly as young girls . They were so charming and pure.There was something unique about the friendship of these women but I also could identify with both of them.Vanessa Redgrave played herself , since she is a political and social activist . This helped her to be very natural.Lilly -LRB- Julia -RRB- was also very real with her devotion to the friend but also fear of the consequences.I loved the film , I loved the main plot and all these extra twists caused by the impending war . I was born in Poland and I know how war can affect people 's life in all aspects .
 One of the last great films of that remarkable era of film-making -- the 1970 's -- `` Julia '' stands the test of time as a testament to heroism in drastic times of collusion much like our own . We know the bad guys but think we are too weak to stop them -- to make a difference -- but the story of `` Julia '' gives us strength to at least try . I was about to say the films of today do not have this power , but after experiencing the power of some of this year 's extraordinary films like `` Good Night , and Good Luck , '' `` Brokeback Mountain '' and `` Syrianna '' I find hope in the modern arena . Keep the faith .
 Having been much taken with `` Julia '' upon its release in 1977 , I was curious if I would be so enthralled by it over thirty years later . It holds up very well indeed . Starring Jane Fonda as the writer Lillian Hellman and directed by Fred Zinnemann -LRB- `` A Man for All Seasons '' -RRB- it is based on a story taken supposedly from Hellman 's memoir PENTIMENTO although Reynolds Price in his latest memoir ARDEN SPIRITS accuses Hellman of `` purloining '' incidents from the life of Muriel Gardiner Buttinger . At any rate the story of what happens to Julia -LRB- Vanessa Redgrave -RRB- and her fight against fascism in the 1930 's makes for high drama of the first order . Both Redgrave and Jason Robards , who plays Dash Hammett , Hellman 's lover , both received Oscars for their performances . Maximilian Schell and Hal Holbrook have minor roles , and Meryl Streep has a few lines as well . This seems to me to be Jane Fonda at her best -- she looks terribly young and beautiful -- before she started playing herself as so often happens to actors as they get older . Certainly she is in good company here
 Too bad this one 's out of stock , but worse was that the poltical backlash Vanessa Redgrave 's Best Supporting Actress acceptance speech detracted from the film 's importance . Despite that , `` Julia '' may well be the best work in Redgrave 's and Jane Fonda 's impressive bodies of work . For the latter , the film launched the socially-themed works that followed , and Fonda may well have come of age in this one . She plays writer Lillian Hellman to Redgrave 's title character , an upper-class rich kid who grows into social activist and lays her life on the line to smuggle condemned Jews from the death camps of Hitler 's Third Reich . Redgrave is superlative , and Fonda is rivting as Julia 's childhood friend who gradually comes to recognize the evil unleashed by man on man at the time . As Julia 's long-time lover , Dashell Hammitt , the late Jason Robards nailed down one of his back-to-back Supporting Actor Oscars -LRB- `` All the President 's Men '' was the other -RRB- , and the raw talent of the Fonda-Redgrave-Robards package helps make `` Julia '' one of Fonda 's best works . The importance of the film 's subject matter is so overwhelming that it easily displaces the Vietnam-related controvery that dogged -LRB- and may still -RRB- Fonda through the '70s and the unpopular words Redgrave used in her Oscar acceptance speech -LRB- she was literally booed off the stage -RRB- . Far from a `` chick flic , '' `` Julia '' is an important film that delves into but one relam in the darkest of human history , and it 's earned a lofty spot among films of its genre .
 Julia is simply a perfect movie . Jane Fonda 's performance is one of her very best . And Fred Zinnemann 's direction is flawless . Alvin Sargent 's screenplay movements between past and present and from present to future are so smooth and fascinating . Just a brilliant movie all around . Beth
 This is a superb movie that we had seen years ago and now again on DVD . The chemistry between the characters played by Jane Fonda and Vanessa Redgrave from childhood years till the ends of their lives is something very special . Set against the backdrop of the holocaust and the revolutionary forces involved these personal stories are very moving .
 I have seen this film many times and each time it 's new . Jane is so real playing nervous when being searched on the train ! Even though I know the outcome Istill squirm in my seat -- thats a great proformance --
 Everything works in this beautiful period piece , especially the acting . The design and costuming are also spectacular , as is the powerful , poignant script . It 's a hero 's journey/road picture to outdo any other , as far as I 'm concerned , with bravery against Nazis thrown in for good measure -- lovely work that happens to feature Meryl Streep 's film debut .
 This story traces the friendship of writer Lillian Hellmann and her friend Julia , from their times together as adolescents to their very different lives as adults . Jane Fonda is somewhat one-note as Hellmann , struggling to get her first play finished , feeling overshadowed by her lover , the great Dashiell Hammett , well played by Jason Robards . She also tries to keep contact with Julia , played by a glowing Vanessa Redgrave , as Julia becomes more and more mired in the tumultuous politics of 1930 's Europe . Eventually , Fonda herself gets pulled into the political upheaval as she tries to help her friend out . There are a number of reasons why I liked the film . The production team does an excellent job of recreating the time period , giving the viewer a real sense of what it would have been like . I enjoyed the insight it gives to the writer 's process and the frustrations that go with it . The `` adventure '' that Fonda goes on to get money to her friend is well played out dramatically , and their meeting is filled with unspoken words , a credit to the screenplay , the actresses , and the fine direction by veteran Fred Zinneman . I do n't know how much of the story would prove to be true , but I think there are many truths in it .
 I have seen this over 20 times , and find the story , pacing and settings captivating . Let us review the film on its merits as a docu-drama and the wonderful and deep characterizations portrayed by Vanessa Redgrave and Jane Fonda . A woman 's memoir of a turbulent time in her life and the world 's . A story of devotion and sacrifice.I had seen this in the cinema with my best friend when we were very young , and it has stayed with us over the years . I purchased two DVDS
 Turns out compulsive liar Lillian Hellman made up the `` Julia '' story and passed it off in her memoirs as `` history '' in order to bolster her image as a moral do-gooder pushed by her noble friend to take a risk to battle evil Nazis . Even though the story 's a big fat lie , it makes for a very good movie . Horse-faced Hellman is played by screen-beauty Jane Fonda . And fabricated but radiant Julia is played by true and radiant Vanessa Redgrave . There are some corny , cliche `` struggling artist '' scenes , like Hellman tossing her typewriter out the window to show how hard it is to be a writer , but then there are some scenes that elicit goosebumps -- like a a simple shot of Redgrave walking among the Gothic spires of Oxford with a Fonda voice-over to the effect
 ... I have n't bought the DVD yet . Loved/still love the movie as it was . But please do n't just write movie reviews . I would primarily like to hear about shipping satisfaction and whether or not you think the DVD format/editing/quality etc. are to your expectations . Did you accidentally buy widescreen and want to warn others not to if they do n't like letter-boxing ? I ask reviewers to please remember to include product information . Thanks .
 Regrave and Fonda both get knocked because of their political views , but get over it and see this little gem if you have n't . The film showcases what great actors they both are ; really a neglected classic American film .
 I remember when seeing two women together , supporting and caring for each other was very , very rare . The most compelling part in this movie is where Lillian and Julia meet in the cafe . Julia tells Lillian that she has named her daughter for her . Julia finally reaches over and puts her hand on Lillian 's and says `` My beloved friend . Go ! '' Yet another potent reminder of the courage of the Resistance fighters in the face of Nazi terror . Jason Robards is incredible , and for those of us who grew up near Long Island beaches , it 's a wonderful recollection of them . Buy it for your daughters .
 This came out during my undergraduate years and it bore a place in my soul by it 's beauty and candor . The cinematography , Vanessa , Jane , Maximilian , & Jason , and the two girls that played Julia & Lillian as girls ... outstanding . Had it on VCR and am now going to replace it with a DVD . Timeless .
 Excellent movie about two female friends chronicled from childhood through adulthood . I highly recommend this film . As for the seller of this DVD , I received this item very quickly and was very pleased with the condition . I would definitely purchase from this Seller again .
 I must have seen `` Julia '' over 20 times , and I never get tired of it.Fonda and Redgrave are great , along with Jason Robards.Its amazing this is a true story about a period in Lilian Hellman 's life , and what a heroic task she did for her friend , Julia.If you have never seen this movie , please make it a point to , about a time in our history we should never forget .
 When I recently purchased the DVD of `` Julia , '' I recalled these words uttered by Lilly and her friend Julia in their adolescent memory game ; the image , from Hellman 's book `` Pentimento '' -- repeated in the film -- is as vivid and unforgettable as is this splendid film , which has not dimmed with the passage of time . If anything , `` Julia '' has improved over the years , time having rendered the former controversies over the politics of Fonda and Redgrave and the truth or falsity of Hellman 's narrative irrelevant.Every character in this film is finely delineated
 `` Julia '' is a good example of Hollywood 's old school cinema -LRB- in a good sense -RRB- , because this movie was designed to be carried by solid performances , the touch of a great director and a solid script . This is the kind of movie that it 's hard to find in these days because there are a lot of outstanding performances , specially Jane Fonda , Vanessa Redgrave , Jason Robards and Maximilian Schell.The script of this movie features a lot of social and political commentaries , but you do n't have to be a political oriented person to enjoy the film . The performances are great , but some technical aspects of the movie are noteworthy as well , specially the costumes , makeup , photography , and edition.Another interesting thing in `` Julia '' is the use of the flashbacks . Once in a while the movie show us the past of Lillian and Julia -LRB- the main characters -RRB- , all those flashbacks help the audience to understand better the background and mindsets of the characters.If you enjoy movies that showcase great performances , then you should see `` Julia '' , the movie has a great cast and a solid and interesting script , even if you are not into politics .
 The date says January 1 , 2010 . Anyone know what happened to prevent this from coming out today , June 7 , 2005 , as originally planned ?
 If you like Jane Fonda or Vannassa Redgrave you 'll like this movie.The content is dark but considering it 's WWII that wo n't be a surprise . The movie is touching , sad , and in someways makes you feel nice about love and friendship and in another way makes us wonder how far we 'd go in the name of friendship .
 Although proven to be untrue , playwright Lillian Hellman 's `` memoir '' about her friendship with the high-spirited Julia makes for a poignant and haunting film . Fonda plays Hellman and the glowing Redgrave is the enigmatic Julia . Some of the finest moments ever committed to celuloid are here
 Fact or fiction , or a combination of both , taken on its own terms as a movie , Julia is astonishing and effective . The attention to detail in costumes , set decorations , props , locations dazzle you and place you squarely in another time and place . The performances , particularly the intimate friendship between Fonda as Hellman and Redgrave as Julia , blow you away . Redgrave embodies this brilliant character with knowing subtlety ; you get the feeling she is Julia to some degree , and probably is . The exploration of adult friendship in a time of peril finds its center in a well-crafted suspense story that only ever hints at real danger , yet it is the slow and deliberate revelations regarding Julia 's fate that provide tension and heartbreak . This is a purposely artful film , with its share of indulgence , but each one works as a part of a lovely whole . And the world Helman created in her story -- with its rich characters , both real and imagined -- is created here with an evocative freshness . Like a memory you love to call upon , this movie works best in total silence , except perhaps rain falling outside . Let it take you away .
 Too bad this one 's out of stock , but worse was that the poltical backlash Vanessa Redgrave 's Best Supporting Actress acceptance speech detracted from the film 's importance . Despite that , `` Julia '' may well be the best work in Redgrave 's and Jane Fonda 's impressive bodies of work . For the latter , the film launched the socially-themed works that followed , and Fonda may well have come of age in this one . She plays writer Lillian Hellman to Redgrave 's title character , an upper-class rich kid who grows into social activist and lays her life on the line to smuggle condemned Jews from the death camps of Hitler 's Third Reich . Redgrave is superlative , and Fonda is rivting as Julia 's childhood friend who gradually comes to recognize the evil unleashed by man on man at the time . As Julia 's long-time lover , Dashell Hammitt , the late Jason Robards nailed down one of his back-to-back Supporting Actor Oscars -LRB- `` All the President 's Men '' was the other -RRB- , and the raw talent of the Fonda-Redgrave-Robards package helps make `` Julia '' one of Fonda 's best works . The importance of the film 's subject matter is so overwhelming that it easily displaces the Vietnam-related controvery that dogged -LRB- and may still -RRB- Fonda through the '70s and the unpopular words Redgrave used in her Oscar acceptance speech -LRB- she was literally booed off the stage -RRB- . Far from a `` chick flic , '' `` Julia '' is an important film that delves into but one relam in the darkest of human history , and it 's earned a lofty spot among films of its genre .
 `` Julia '' is a truly marvelous film ; literate , fascinating , fun . Its DVD release -LRB- finally due on 2/7/06 -RRB- should serve as a welcome addition to any DVD collection . Jane Fonda and Vanessa Redgrave are spellbinding as devoted girlhood friends who face a dangerous test , with ultimately devastating consequences , together . Meryl Streep makes her film debut here ; both Redgrave and Jason Robards won Best Supporting Oscars for their roles . Fonda was also nominated -LRB- much deserved -RRB- , as was the film itself - undoubtedly one of the best pictures of 1977 . My suggestion ? Buy it .
 Hellman had a childhood friend -LRB- Alice -RRB- that grew up and died in the Vienna riots , 1934 . -LRB- An Unfinished Woman , chapter four -RRB- . Obviously , this is what inspired the Chapter ... Julia ... in her later book . So the story is probably true to the point where they charged the students ... and the newspaper headline that follows . Scenes at the hospital were probably made up as her friend , Alice , died in the riots . The train trip was probably made up , but she did go to Moscow.The story of her life with Hammett is completely believable even though locations may have been changed . Her relationship with Dorothy Parker , and the trip to Paris ... look to be true . The later part of the movie as to how she dealt with Julia 's body could have well been true ... but happened immediately after the Vienna riot.The part where Hammett says ... `` You 'd better tear that up . . '' happened later in her life in regards to the play ... `` The Autumn Garden '' and not in relation to her first play . . `` The Children 's Hour '' . The movie , the story ... very well done . Fonda , Redgrave , and Robarts ... all excellent.If you really want to enjoy this movie . I suggest you do the following reading . Hellman 's three books ... plus her play ... `` The Children 's Hour '' . Read about Dorothy Parker , I believe there is a book `` The Life and Times of Dorothy Parker . '' I can not recall the title exactly . It 's the times of the 30 's that is really interesting to me and frames this story superbly .
 I saw this movie when it was originaly shown in the cinemas and had it at the top of my wish list for two years now . At last it arrived and I now see it in a much different light and its messages maybe even more revelant than it was when it was released.It fully deserved the three oscars . Movie making does n't come much better than this .
 A wistful , compelling story about the power of female bonds and friendship . Fonda has never been better , Redgrave is luminous as the idealistic Julia , and Jason Robards conveys a worn assuredness as Hellman 's husband , writer Dashiell Hammett . Zinnemann 's handling of period detail in 1930s New York and Berlin is exquisite , and the film rightfully earned 11 Oscar nominations . A personal favorite .
 Decades had passed before it was known that Hellman hoodwinked the literary public with her story of Julia in 1974 . It is now known that the actual ` Julia ' was a political activist named Muriel Gardiner . Hellman never knew Gardiner , nor did Hellman smuggle money into Germany , or look for Julia 's missing child during the war . Visa documents state that Hellman was in Spain for the 3 year period that the Julia story was supposed to have happened . It is believed that Hellman heard about the original story of Gardiner from their mutual attorney in New York , who told Hellman about his remarkable client who smuggled money and passports into Germany to buy political prisioners their freedom at the onset of the war . Hellman took the fascinating story of Muriel Gardiner and wove it into her own false ` recollection ' of the events and thus wrote ` Pentimento ' as her own memiors , which of course was primarily a contrivence and fabrication . Many notable writers considered Hellman a fraud and liar , and this is but another account of her deception and incredulity . If you want to know the REAL story of `` Julia '' get a copy of Gardiner 's autobiography ` Code Name Mary ' . I got my copy through Amazon.Although Hellman 's account of ` Julia ' is mostly fiction held together with a few threads of truth , it is still a fascinating story and a beautifully made film . Fonda is utterly marvelous ... it is one of her best works . In fact , the film ` Julia ' is one of my top 3 all time favorites . You need to see the movie and then get the book `` Code Name Mary '' and decide for yourself !
 In the autumn of 1977 , after a severe lack in the last few years of strong , complex women 's roles in films several promising movies were slated to open where the female -LRB- s -RRB- would be front and center . These included Anne Bancroft and Shirley MacLaine in `` The Turning Point '' , Shelley Duvall and Sissy Spacek in `` 3 Women '' , Marsha Mason in `` The Goodbye Girl '' and Diane Keaton in `` Looking for Mr. Goodbar '' . However probably the most eagerly anticipated of them all was Jane Fonda and Vanessa Redgrave in `` Julia '' . Not only was this to be Fonda 's comeback Hollywood film , after her self-imposed exile and political blacklisting , but also there was avid curiosity to see these two notorious political firebrands playing radical women of the 1930 's . People wanted to see if art would mirror life.As the film opens , it 's early morning and there is a solitary figure sitting in a rowboat fishing on a mist-shrouded lake . She is Lillian Hellman -LRB- Jane Fonda -RRB- , the renowned playwright and author , now an aging woman . Her thoughts are expressed in an inner monologue as she revisits her life as a young woman and remembers the two strongest influences in molding and developing her character . They are her lover and literary mentor for many years , the esteemed writer Dashiell Hammett -LRB- Jason Robards -RRB- , and her best friend from childhood , the beautiful , passionate , socially committed Julia -LRB- Vanessa Redgrave -RRB- . The majority of the film is set in the early to late 1930 's where Lillian 's two complicated relationships with Julia and Hammett are intertwined . Hammett and Lillian live together in a cottage on Long Island Sound as she tries to write her first play , and he serves as editor and critic . Blocked , Lillian decides to take a sabbatical in Europe , intending to visit Julia there who is studying for a medical degree in Vienna , living in a sector that has socialist and left wing activists striving to create positive political change . However Julia is brutally beaten and injured in a fascist riot , Lillian visits her twice in the hospital but then Julia is removed to an unknown destination for additional surgery and rehabilitation . An extremely frustrated and concerned Lillian is unable to make contact with her , and reluctantly returns home . She reworks her play , `` The Children 's Hour '' , it is a smash hit on Broadway and she is the toast of the town . In 1937 , Lillian takes another trip to Europe and tries to visit with Julia . In the lobby of her Paris hotel Lillian is approached by a nondescript middle-aged stranger who identifies himself as Johann -LRB- Maximilian Schell -RRB- . He is a friend of Julia 's and gives Lillian a letter from her . In it , Julia asks a critical favor of Lillian to smuggle $ 50,000 into Nazi Germany for her to use to bribe Nazis to release Jews and other political prisoners . Lillian will need to take a train that will let her off in Berlin where she will exchange the money with a courier . Although Julia warns Lillian not to do it if she truly feels she ca n't , that there will be no dishonor , after some soul searching she decides to take on this dangerous mission.Fonda is unqualifiedly marvelous as the legendary writer Lillian Hellman . She is like a tightly coiled spring , ready to snap , releasing an incendiary temper . Her body language is tense and contained , her guard continually up , and she seldom seems to relax fully except when she is with Julia . Yet , Fonda suggests the many currents channeled inside Hellman , the relentless drive to be the best , her fierce integrity and her honest , forthright character . Her Hellman is not always endearing , but she will earn your respect and ultimately admiration . She incorporates a quirky little gesture the real Hellman used , which is making the sign of the cross while saying `` Oi veh ! ' which adds a nice touch of authenticity . In addition Fonda uses a cigarette for a prop better than any actress since Bette Davis , and looks very sleek and stylish most of the time . This performance earned her a third Best Actress Oscar nomination , a Golden Globe , a British Film Academy Award and sealed her Hollywood comeback.As the title character Vanessa Redgrave does n't come off quite as well . However , this is not her fault . Lillian Hellman 's autobiography was entitled `` An Unfinished Woman '' and that exactly pinpoints the problem with the character of Julia both in Hellman 's original `` Pentimento '' and Alvin Sargent 's screenplay , she is an enigma , as ephemeral as a puff of smoke , too one sided and saintly , having no real flaws , and seems more like a symbol of nobility and justice rather than a flesh and blood woman . Redgrave is a luminous presence with a perfect American accent but really only has the opportunity to register strongly in her wordless scene in the hospital and especially in the meeting with Lillian in the Berlin caf&eacute; . This is hands down the best scene in the film and Fonda and she soar with it . These two scenes are what earned her the Best Supporting Actress Oscar.The supporting cast is quite good , Jason Robards as the craggy , laconic Dashiell Hammett won his second Best Supporting Actor in a row . He and Fonda work much more fortuitously together than in their initial pairing eleven years earlier in the fluffy `` Any Wednesday '' . Maximilian Schell in a cameo part as Johann makes such an impact that he was nominated as well for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar . As the adolescent Julia and Lily , Lisa Pelikan and Susan Jones are well cast in terms of resemblance to Redgrave and Fonda . Rosemary Murphy -LRB- also an `` Any Wednesday alumna ! -RRB- and Hal Holbrook are diverting as another noteworthy writer , Dorothy Parker and her husband Alan Campbell . Although I find Meryl Streep vastly overrated as an actress , for those that fancy her , she makes her film debut in a tiny part . Finally I do want to mention the veteran actress Cathleen Nesbitt who appears as Julia 's grandmother , and clicks in her brief moments as a grande dame.In his next to last film master director Fred Zinnemann displays his usual meticulous craftsmanship and sensitivity . The script by Alvin Sargent is for the most part a skillful , literate adaption of Hellman 's story , and he won an Oscar for his efforts . Great care and taste were evidenced in putting this film together , it 's handsome , elegant , with a classic style as evidenced in the production design by Gene Callahan , Carmen Dillon and Willy Holt , and the costume design by Anthea Sylbert . The cinematography by Douglas Slocombe with exteriors in Oxford and Paris is outstanding as is the original musical score by George Delerue.Critically lauded for the most part , `` Julia '' performed quite well at the box office and was nominated for 11 Academy Awards including besides those mentioned above , nominations for Best Picture and Director . Now many years later it seems to have slipped somewhat out of favor , the only extra besides the subtitle options are its original trailer . Too bad Fonda and Redgrave did n't do a commentary ; their insights into the film would have been interesting . Perhaps a possible reason might be when it was released `` Julia '' was advertised with the byline `` Based on a true story '' . However now there is a high degree of skepticism of it 's authenticity , despite Lillian Hellman ' insistence that it all actually occurred as written . More probably , on some strong evidence that has been presented the chapter of `` Julia '' in her book `` Pentimento '' was most likely fiction based on a real life counterpart Muriel Gardiner , an American heiress working for the Austrian resistance during the initial Nazi occupation before the outbreak of World War II . Although they never met Hellman and she shared the same lawyer , and it is thought he told Hellman Gardiner 's story , which had many parallels to Julia 's . Regardless , it is worth a viewing for what may be the only chance to see two of the finest film actresses of their generation act together , plus see the final film success of renowned director Fred Zinnemann .
 This has been a favorite film since my first viewing when it was initially released . The tension of the times and the quality of acting combine to reflect Hellman 's personal experience . I wanted to add it to my very select library of film , now available on DVD .
 Its a great movie.The actors are great.The best performance came from Maximilian Schellas `` Johann '' , he gave a stunning portrayal of a manwith ideals in the Naziregime.Strong Turns alsoby Jane Fonda and Vanessa Redgrave.For me as a germanare this kind of films very important.PS.A nice debut from Meryl Streep
 I 've always enjoyed Jane Fonda 's acting . I saw this film when it was first released . When I saw it was available on Amazon , I had to have it for my film library . There are scenes that , to this day , cause my heart to pound . It is a engaging to the point you want to scream ! Vanesa Redgrave created another fan when I saw &#34; Julia . &#34; After reading about Lillian Hellman 's life , the film became even more important -LRB- for me -RRB- to have .
 DVD arrived quickly and safely - good srvice would use these folk again . No problems encountered.First saw this film in the early 70 's at a seaside picture plcae on the East Coast of England -LRB- Bridlington -RRB- . Was charmed by thew story and the actors ... Loved the moody scenery ... The DVD reflected the original perfectly and was most enjoyable ...
 Two women
 Lushly photographed , you can watch this just for the gorgeous scenes in pre-war Paris and Berlin . Supposedly about two strong women , Jane Fonda 's role as Hellman makes her out to be a bit of a klutz . Vanessa Redgrave 's brief appearances mark the stronger of the two . Made in 1977 when WW2 was closer in time than Vietnam is now , the movie is a bit of a relic , but still worth watching . Jason Robards as Dashiell Hammett is a hoot . Fonda needed acting lessons then , just like now . Too much emoting for my taste .
 Based on a section of Lilian Hellman 's PENTIMENTO , it tells about Hellman 's gradual involvement in the resistance movement during WW II . Jane Fonda plays Hellman , Jason Robards is Dashiel Hammett in a bit role , and Vanessa Redgrave is Julia , a rich friend of Hellman 's since childhood who is deeply involved in the German resistance . Hellman is asked to smuggle $ 50,000 into Germany on her way to Moscow ; she does so under great risk , and then Julia is arrested and murdered . Julia is supposed to represent great courage , and Redgrave plays her with an angelic quality ; Hellman is the initiate into all that Julia is . Done very artfully , though it 's lacking in drama .
 This is a different sort of WWII movie . It is not about battles , but a story of two women civilians . It is not hard to follow and it is quite suspenseful .
 I was pleased with the item . Thank you most for your prompt and quick delivery .
 Occasionally , when I 'm dashing off a review for amazon.com , I will try to adopt a less subjective , somewhat more professional style . Sometimes this is little more than a kind of writing exercise
 I simply LOVE this DVD!The pace is perfect , the music is perfect , plus there is surf footage ! What else could you ask for?The stretches hit all the right places and the transition from pose to pose is fluid . Peggy Hall 's instructions are very easy to follow and I love her tone of voice . It is incredibly refreshing and upbeat compared to the mysterious tone most videos try to achieve . It truly makes an already fabulous video even better.This video is exactly what I need to keep me in shape during the long flatness that is a Florida summer.Regardless I HIGHLY recomment this video for surfers and non-surfers .
 As an east coaster we are forced to spend a lot of time out of the water thanks to periodic swells , not to mention our high living costs prohibit us from working the typical 9 - 5 so time is limited.Over the last year I 've been looking for ways to improve both my surfing and personal fitness level without having to pay 200 a month for a gym membership . When I spoke to a friend they recommended these videos and after looking at the reviews and information online they seemed like the perfect fit.I live in central NJ and work in NYC so 4 hours or more of my day are spent commuting via train , not to mention that I go to school at night 3 days a week , so like I said above , time is limited but practicing with the YFS videos has taken me to a really positive place and fitness level.It 's a great product .
 The pre-surfing routine makes the DVD worth it . Great scenes of waves and not too heavy handed with the `` breath in the harmony of the universe '' incantations , which are so common in yoga DVDs . Yes , she says a couple here and there , but the surfing angle makes it great.Anyway , the routine is perfect to do each morning . 10mins ! My surfing has improved and my golf game too . It also lead me into doing the moves here and there throughout the day , which is great.One can always learn and add in the Sun Salutation , easily learned on youtube for free . And that adds as much time and strenghtening as you desire to your yoga workout.I have hesitated for years to wait until I found the `` perfect '' group yoga class to attend . But I was never motivated enough to go for an hour long class , with the obligatory 15 minute drive each way . 1.5 hrs down the drain.I do this routine anywhere in the house , with the disc on my laptop . Also , you can burn a copy of your own DVD and use it on your iPad if you have one , which is very convenient.I 've since gotten the yoga for surfers 2 and 3 , but this one is the best for my purposes - 10 mins , more flexible . Done .
 The scenery is so enjoyable and the music is fantastic . Peggy shows us that we all can do yoga , regardless of fitness level . The exercises are great even if you do n't surf as we all need to be flexible . As an Occupational Therapist , I am interested in safe yoga exercises , rather than celebrity exercises and Peggy delivers a safe viable option to increasing your range of motion.Surf Flex
 Like a lot of surfers , I half heartedly strectch and warm up before I paddle out , and I almost never stretch or cool down after a long surf session . Partly due to laziness , partly because I get impatient when it 's `` going off '' and I just wan na get wet , and partly because I 've always thought I was a naturally limber dude . Well , after trying this dvd out at a friend 's house before a session it really made me realize how stiff I actually am and how much more limber and energized I could actually be . This dvd is a great introduction into Yoga , especially if you 're a surfer . It 's a great way to warm up , get limber and energize your body before a dawn patrol sesh , or anytime really . In this dvd Peggy Hall focuses on basic warm up stretches and poses but for the uninitiated they can prove to be awkard and slightly difficult at first . She breaks it down by giving you a pre-surf warm up , an in the water stretch out -LRB- perfect to do while waiting for sets -RRB- , and a post-surf cool down . Each session is only about 15 or so minutes so it does n't take much time but it leaves you feeling super loose and full of energy . I immediately purchased Volume II after doing Volume I a few times because I was hungry for more . Volume II is a bit more advanced and concentrates on flowing poses together -LRB- vinyasa flow -RRB- and increasing strength , balance , and lung capacity . If you want to feel loose , flexible , and energized then Peggy 's DVDs are for you !!
 Yoga For Surfers is one of the best DVDs I own ! I am convinced it is by far , the best yoga tape . Even as a beginner , I can see how it has helped me become more flexible and with such amazing surfing and how radiant Peggy is on-screen , I ca n't help but get inspired every time I watch it !
 If you surf , this is a great DVD to pickup . Cool fades between surfing scenes and positions . A great stretching/yoga/balance training program . Really good stuff .
 I have used YFS every morning for the past 3 weeks and I am stoked with the progress in my flexibility and well-being . I definitely recommend YFS highly !
 These Yoga for Surfers dvds are great ! They are informational as well as inspirational . I 'm so grateful to Peggy Hall for producing such a unique product . Yoga for Surfers has got me -LRB- now 35 years old -RRB- almost back to surfing like I was 25 again !
 I am not a surfer , but an avid tennis player , and I find Yoga for Surfers extremely beneficial for any athlete . The video is well-produced , easy to listen to , and a great workout . Thank you !
 For ten years I 've had chronic lower back pain from a gnarly snowboarding accident that really affected my surfing , my work , and my active life . I tried pretty much everything -- physical therapy , tons of stretching , chiropractic care -- and nothing really provided nay lasting results.A friend of mine recommended trying yoga as a remedy , but I never took it seriously until I saw the Yoga for Surfers video . I figured I 'd buy the tape and give it a try -LRB- heck , I tried everything else ! -RRB- . And after two months , I was virtually pain free ! I 've been doing it for 6 months now and it has been an amazing turnaround . I also picked up Yoga for Surfers II and I 'm working my way into that routine.When my dad told me he had back pain , I also got him this dvd , and I know he 'll love it .
 I have done this video several times and relaly enjoy the workout . My wife is an ex-Jazzercize instructor and was impressed as well . I bought it thinking it would be a good way to limber up my 48-year old body for surfing , and it did ! Really good work !
 I just partook of this incredible yoga journey by the beach with beautiful music and I am thoroughly STOKED at how well it was all put together ! The postures and the stretches are great and perfect for us surfers . I especially liked seeing all the awesome surfing while I was doing yoga ... this is by far the best yoga video ever done !! This will definitely help my body now that I 'm 45 and have been surfing for 39 years !
 it was better than I expected . there are 3 chapters ; pre-surfing , in-water , and post-surfing yoga . It is pretty useful and easy to remember . Not too long and not too short . however , I do n't think I need to buy vol-2 because I am not patient enough to do yoga for a long time watching good waves in front of me ...
 I 'm not a surfer , but I do practice yoga regularly . I had heard that Yoga for Surfers 1 was excellent for stretching the upper body , an area where I tend to be quite tight , so I decided to try this DVD . Led by surfer/yoga instructor Peggy Hall , the practice portion of this DVD is broken down into 3 segments
 ` Yoga for Surfers ' is an excellent workout that focuses on stretching surf-specific muscles and relaxing the body . It has really helped me to recover much faster after a session , as well as , and improve my time in the water . The imagery and editing are also very well done and a pleasure to watch .
 This is a great DVD , especially for someone who never did yoga before.Works great before my surf sessions . I just hope to be able to do the poses all the way soon . It 's a great way to start my day .
 What a great video ! I just received it and went through the routine . The flow was wonderful . -LRB- I am not a surfer , have never surfed , I was just looking for a good video , and everybody recommended this to me . -RRB- But maybe now I 'll be surfing by summer !
 I started surfing 3 years ago , and fell totally in love with it . Surfing completely changed my life , my perspective on who I am and what I can accomplish when I set my mind to it . I have also been doing yoga for about 5 yeas now , and always thought is complements surfing so well . So finding Yoga for Surfers made a huge impact on me . The videos are so inspiring , and I felt so good as I followed the sequences ... I wish to personally thank Peggy Hall for engaging in such a great project as Yoga for Surfers and for coming up with these two great tapes ! I believe this is going to help my surfing so much , I can already tell .
 YFS is an amazing work . My boyfriend and I have been surfing for 3 years in the cold waters of Washington State , and there is nothing like warming up with good yoga stretches like in YFS before wiggling into a wetsuit ! I have studied yoga before , and now I am so happy to have discovered the YFS series . Ite enriches all our adventures in the surf !
 Volume 1 is a great DVD but it is more stretching than a workout . Get Volume 2 if you want a solid workout . Volume 1 has a solid relaxation/meditation yoga routine at the end of the DVD that is about 15 minutes long . Perfect Yoga DVD for beginners .
 I am in my early 40 's and for one reason or another , I find myself doing things now that I wish I started in my teens or 20 's . However since this is not the case and i am learning everything from Paddle board , skimboard -LRB- SW Florida is low on waves , Beater 54 is so versatile you can skim , bodyboard and surf -RRB- , body board -LRB- to learn about waves and catching them -RRB- , surfing and all that is precursor to Kite surfing.I have water and snow skiid all my life , but the above board sports use different techniques to turn etc. which I have not learned thus no muscle memory.I realized at my age the biggest thing that will injure me is lack of mobility and agility , thus I knew the only answer to help keep me centered and less injury prone is yoga . I bought my DVD through Peggys web page.Yes its a bit more pricey , but once on her e mail list , she sends free tips and updates on a weekly if not bi weekly basis and she is there for you to answer any questions etc. . Love this DVD , because I hate classes and having to stop my day just to run over to some place and stretch etc. . The DVD I use the warm up in AM , have not used any of the excersises out on my boad except if I , m alone somewhere w/my paddleboard , great for doing yoga on even floating with it in the water.I use the am for a warm up and after surf for the obvious , I do the cool down , lasts about 15-20 minutes.Never felt better -LRB- only been using it for 2 months -RRB- , feel more graceful , coordinated and peaceful.Thank you peggy for a product that is enjoyable to watch , listen to and follow.Best yoga DVD for the money ... and will be getting # 2 , after I master all the posses comfortably.Buy this product if at all interested in yoga , especially if you do surf or do any other water sports .
 I picked this little gem up based on a recommendation from an online fitness friend . I was n't disappointed.The 3rd yoga session -LRB- about 19 minutes -RRB- on this DVD is THE reason to pick this one up ! Excellent side and back stretches ... my lower back feels soooo relaxed after doing this `` post-surf '' session ! Peggy 's voice is very positive and soothing during the relaxation pose . I did n't want to get up ... ever!Session 1 -LRB- pre-surf -RRB- is a nice 9-minute vinyasa series . I like to use it after running ... it 's quick and it gets the job done . However , I have to occasionally look up at my TV screen during certain poses because the instruction in this session is not quite detailed enough to follow by Peggy 's voice alone.Session 2 -LRB- water -RRB- was a big waste of time for me . Tt 's a 6 minute session while the surfers are in the water waiting for waves -LRB- I do n't surf -RRB- . The stretches are pretty much all upper body . However , I would imagine that surfers could get something out of this session ... just not me ! ... If you have a bit of money to burn , though . This is a great little yoga DVD !
 `` Yoga is accessible to anyone , regardless of age or physical condition . Yoga is n't just about flexibility - it 's about awareness , about being fully alive in each moment . '' - Peggy HallTop professional surfers swear by yoga and now see the infinite sea of possibilities in taking up yoga in addition to their favorite sport
 The music alone is worth the money on the DVD . Very upbeat . The practice is a flowing easy to follow Hatha Yoga . Peggy Hall has a very postive attitude and does n't talk too much . Easy to follow , quick work out . Peggy has a lot of interesting variations . The practice is broken into 3 segments
 I hate excercise dvds , yoga dvds , and instructional videos . I do Yoga for Surfers every night . Its really the only decent , tolerable video out there . Im getting in shape to get back into surfing and its really helping me . It makes my muscles nice and long , lean , and loose . The relaxation part really is fantastic and helps me stay focused to reach my goal of being a surfer again . My only complaint is that its slightly talk-ey for me . I could do with less talking . Overall though , it has lovely music , Peggy Hall is a great teacher , and its very relaxing . I would say its a great purchase for any level .
 I got Yoga for Surfers about two months ago . I use it religiously -LRB- everyday , sometimes twice a day -RRB- . I am convinced that it is , by far , the best yoga tape , ever . It really has improved my surfing , and helped with those sore spots I never thought would feel good again ! I ca n't wait for YFS volume 3 !!
 I 'm actually her husband reviewing this.I think I have bought about 4 copies of Vol . I since this came out . I keep giving them away . I have been recommending this to friends , neighbors , strangers , and anyone else who will listen . This is the best thing that has happened to my back.I have injured my back over the years of surfing , skateboarding , other sports and aggravated by bad posture and computers . I have been to massage therapy , physical therapy , chiroprators , accupunturists , medical doctors - I was headed for surgery . My wife finally dragged me to yoga classes and after 6 - 90 minute sessions in 2 weeks , my back started to noticeably improve . I have a pinched nerve in my upper back that causes discomfort/pain near my right shoulder blade.Then I heard about this not too long afterwards and bought the DVD . This was when it first came out . The 10 minute warm up and the 20 minute post sessions were exactly what I needed . It was quick , it focused on the back and shoulder - surfer problem areas . They are easy to do and do not take up much time . I would -LRB- and do all the time -RRB- highly recommend this to anyone having any back problems . Try this before you try surgery , drugs , accupuncture , etc. . Now as long as I do these 30 minute sessions 2-3 times a week , I am pain free ! Thank you Peggy Hall !
 first , let me say that i am not a surfer , but i really love to watch surfing and the footage here is wonderful . this is a great yoga practice tape . there are two short practice segments , perfect when i do n't have a whole hour to devote to yoga . the instructor is wonderful . so many yoga practice tapes have someone talking you through who sounds like they 'd rather be doing something else.you can tell that peggy hall genuinely enjoys surfing and yoga . that makes a big difference when i am tired and cranky and want to do a yoga practice that makes me feel great . the music is nice and not too distracting . all around , a great yoga tape .
 I 'm a 49-year old surfer living in San Luis Obispo , CA . I 've been using YFS I for the last 2 years and start my day with it whether I surf that morning or not . I 've found it 's a great way to get my day off on the right track . I 've also had great success with the in-the-water sequence and the post-surf `` session '' . My wife and I have been using YFS II along with surfing and hiking for exercise . It 's great ! I hope they come out with another new routine . Namastay .
 Ok , I must admit , before I tried this DVD , I was REALLY skeptical if things like Yoga would ever help improving surf . I also thought that this may be another hype . I could not believe why so many ppl rave about the DVD either . I understand that many experienced would absolutely disagree with overall production but this DVD helped me practicing Yoga at least , but most of all , it really is helping my surf , too . I 'm still a beginner/baby-surfer myself and for the last few months before I purchased this DVD , I felt like my surf was not improving at all , rather , that was completely opposite . I am not a kind of person who practice Yoga to begin with , I always thought Yoga was way too mellow for my lifestyle and therefore , not my kind of thing . I came across with this DVD , read few reviews and thought I should give it a try . Even if it did n't work for improving my surf , at least I could start something that may -LRB- or may not -RRB- work for relaxing & calming myself down . I really needed it anyways . First few tries were horrible ... I could not maintain those postures or hold the certain pose at all but I guess that means I was either not fit enough or certain muscle groups did need more strength . Been using this DVD for almost 4 months now and I really wan na point out that I started seeing improvements . I certainly can catch more waves now than before , not much muscle soreness after session , also , I learned how to relax & calm down which I can certainly benefit in any occasion whether in or out from water . Overall great DVD . I am ordering the vol 2 now !
 I love this video -- everything about it is so true . Even though I 've practiced yoga for some time , I learned a lot from this program , especially from the post-surf session which has unique and effective rejuvenating poses . The music is enchanting and adds to the uplifting nature of the program . And the quality of this video is the best I have ever seen - gorgeous surf and beach scenes and top-notch editing between the poses . I recommend this video to everyone !
 This is awesome !! -LRB- The kook below who did n't understand the video obviously did n't watch it -- yoga in wetsuits at Pipeline ?!? -RRB- Anyway , it is a great program -- the first time I 've seen yoga and surfing combined , and it is beautiful ! Taylor and Rochelle rip ! I 've already felt looser and stronger in my surfing and yoga with this program . BUY THIS DVD and and see for yourself -LRB- and forget the dude who wants to do surf-yoga with Ali McGraw ! -RRB-
 This is a great movie too . I would recommend this to anyone and I would also suggest everyone see this movie . Shahrukh plays a great part - falling in love with this girl , there is a terrible accident-car . They both survive but the girl is left blind . The families do n't get along , and even in Shahrukh 's -LRB- Guddu -RRB- family there are religious differences . Guddu finds out he has a tumor , and he wants to give his eyes to his love . Which he finds out he does not have long to live , but there is an operation that will help him if it is successful-it is a slim chance it will be successful . Guddu 's father fights Guddu on him giving his eyes to his love-they go to court over this . This is a wonderful movie and t is great to see how it turns out and how different religions come together and get along-it does n't just have to be religion it can just be different people . WE SHOULD ALL GET ALONG NO MATTER WHAT .
 This intimate Glyndeborne production comes across well on video ... almost as a movie . Soderstrom and the rest of the cast are attractive singers and actors . My only cavil would be that there could have been a little more fire from the orchestra , which , after a rather rough Overture perform well but not with the inspiration called for by the immortal Beethoven music .
 Tragedy from apathy is the theme of the WWII-era film , AMEN.In it , a Nazi SS lieutenant with a troubled conscience turns to the Catholic Church for help when he 's assigned to commit mass murder . He hopes the Pope will speak out against Hitler 's plan to kill every Jew in Europe by sending them to camps where they 're systematically exterminated.Thousands of lost lives soon become millions as the SS officer and a lone Jesuit priest try but fail to alert the world to what 's happening to all these innocent men , women and children . Failure leads to death for both of them.The story 's final post-war scene is of a cardinal aiding the escape to Argentina of a former Nazi higher-up who was deeply involved in the HolocaustOne of the most outrageous pictures ever , in scope AMEN surpassesSCHINDLER 'S LISTin depicting the depths of depravity the Nazi hierachy eagerly sank to , even as it frustrates the viewer that `` right '' could n't win out over `` might . '' The prompt attention and public outcry from a supposedly compassionate pontiff may have made all the difference in the world to millions of helpless victims , but his assistance never came.A genuine must-see . . Parenthetical number preeding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.3 -RRB- Amen -LRB- France/Germany/Romania -2002 -RRB- - Ulrich Tukur/Mathieu Kassovitz/Ulrich M&uuml;he / Michel Duchaussoy/Ion Caramitru
 In this video Lou Reed is back at the Bottom Line Club in N.Y. , backed by the band from ` The Blue Mask ' and ` Legendary Hearts , ' the early 80 's albums that signalled a major comeback for Reed . Robert Quine on guitar , Fernando Saunders on bass and Fred Maher on drums would continue to work with Reed throughout the decade , and Saunders is still working with Lou now . But it 's the music that makes this a night to remember . Classic rockers such as `` Sweet Jane '' and `` Waiting for the Man '' are interspersed with terrific versions of `` Martial Law '' and `` Waves of Fear . '' This is Lou Reed at a vibrant and creative time in his career , able to present older material such as `` Kill Your Sons '' and `` Satellite of Love '' with the same energy and originality with which he invests his newer songs . One bonus - you can catch Andy Warhol in the audience and if you read his diaries you will find a refernce to this performance . Lou appears a little apprehensive at times during the show , less confident than at other times during his career , but that does not impair his performance one bit . Wait for the backstage comments at the end of the show when he describes hitting a `` perfect note '' which lifts him up away from the stage and into the audience . This is a tight , controlled rock 'n' roll show which all Lou Reed fans will enjoy , both new and old .
 A relic from the Robert Quine days of Lou 's career , and ... along with the excellent `` Live In Italy '' CD ... the only other `` official '' concert release . Quine is rightfully credited as the man who got Lou to pick up the guitar again , and that revived interest produced some pretty entertaining `` right channel , left channel '' battles . 4 stars instead of 5 because Lou never really cuts loose here like he did on the `` Live In Italy '' 17-minute medley of `` Some Kinda Love / Sister Ray . '' You do get Lou `` floating '' -LRB- as he describes it backstage after the show -RRB- during the guitar solo to `` Kill Your Sons . '' Like Ringo Starr said in a recent issue of Rolling Stone , in regard to seeing Bob Dylan in concert , `` You go to Bob 's gig , and you get what Bob wants to give you . '' Same holds true for Lou . On some nights the genius comes out . On other nights , the genius phones it in . On the `` Night With Lou Reed '' DVD , you 'll see about 4/5ths of the genius ... not bad , not definitive , just Lou on one New York night , and worth every penny of the $ 13.49 that Amazon is charging . LOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !
 This DVD has good atmosphere . It is fullscreen , and shot as video , so the quality is as good as it gets , but that is pretty good for a 1983 era show . The song selection is great , and Lou puts in great versions of Kill Your Sons , Turn Out The Lights , and Waves of Fear . The only drawback is the length at 60 minutes . On DVD they should have extended the show , but you ca n't everything . If you like Lou , this is a great DVD to get . Both the picture and sound quality are much enhanced from the VHS version . Absolutely no extras !
 Lou Reed , Love him or Hate him . For many there is no in between . Having seen him live since the Velvet Underground , his shows range from brilliant to `` let 's leave . '' This dvd records for posterity a pretty decent show . While I remember one of his shows at the Roxy in LA as the best I ever saw , this dvd will provide the listener with an extremely enjoyable rememberance . Filmed in 1983 , Lou is joined by frequent bandmates , Robert Quine on Guitar and Fernando Saunders on Bass plus Fred Maher on Drums.Tracks include
 Great DVD ! I waited 6 hours for front row seats general admission . It was worth the wait . A very HOT show . Not only was Warhol there , but some of the members of the 80 's band the Go-Go 's , and Adam Ant.In the last song `` Rock & Roll '' , they do a 10 second close up of me in the audience playing air guitar . My 15 minutes of fame!Lou is the grandfather of Punk and a classic Rock & Roll ICON . But this disk & enjoy .
 I 'm glad they 've put this out on DVD ; I bought it back in '84 on videocassette . It was a classic then and now . Lou Reed has never sounded better in his solo career , and he 's backed by a dream band -LRB- half of Richard Hell & the Voidoids with Fernando Saunders on bass -RRB- . As Lou says after the concert , the set is `` short and delicious '' -- a mix of VU and solo faves with tracks from his excellent early '80s albums `` The Blue Mask '' and `` Legendary Hearts . `` Back in ' 83 , Lou had been off the road for at least a couple of years , and he seems , for once , to be enjoying himself onstage . Also , he 's in great voice -LRB- given his limited range -RRB- , still able to actually sing VU tracks like `` Rock and Roll '' and `` New Age , '' not just talk or shout them . Those tracks in particular appear here in arguably their best-ever versions , the VU never having quite nailed them on `` Loaded '' or on the various live versions floating around.Almost all the songs from his solo career are considerably improved over their studio versions , especially `` Kill Your Sons , '' a powerful song that got lost on a bad album -LRB- `` Sally Ca n't Dance '' -RRB- . Lou 's insane feedback solo on this one says more about the electoshock therapy that is the song 's subject than the lyrics do . Also , special kudos to `` Turn Out the Light , '' which is kind of flat on `` Legendary Hearts , '' but is playful and edgy live , capped by a funky -LRB- ! -RRB- , almost countryish guitar solo by Lou . It 's funny to watch him pull faces during the solo , almost as if he ca n't believe he 's playing it.And the band is just superb
 This is my first Lou Reed Video . I can honestly say that I enjoyed it . I have gained some new perspective on Lou 's music . He is a true professional . Before I turned it on , I knew I would like my favorites , Sweet Jane and Walk on the Wild Side , but I found myself enveloped in the other songs , which I had never heard before . I was a casual Lou Reed Fan.I think if I liked it , then a real hardcore fan will love it.The video is high quality and the sound is great , it 's like having a front row seat . I 'm glad I purchased this one .
 I 'm a big Lou Reed fan . I have a couple of his live CD 's . I find that he is better live than in the studio . And , this DVD reaffirms that fact for me.It 's an excellent playlist , and the energy just continues to grow as the concert progresses . I wish that the concert was longer . That would be my only complaint . The DVD left me wanting just a little bit more to complete the experience.The sound quality is excellent , and the filming is well done in a minimalist way , which is appropriate for the forum in which Lou Reed is playing .
 What we have here is simply the greatest band that Reed has ever assembled in his entire solo career , playing some of his strongest material in an outstanding fiery way . Alongside Reed 's ever charimastic performance , mr. Robert ` Voidoid ' Quine is in IMHO really the main force at this concert , delivering his trademark blistering guitar solos all over the place , backed by the solid rhythm section of Saunders and Maher . The song selection is very good , ranging from VU to `` Blue Mask '' , the sound quality is nice and the shooting have an adequate sparse elegance.Well , folks , this is SHEER PERFECTION for Lou Reed 's fans !!!
 When I was first introduced to Lou Reed about 2 years ago I had mixed feelings about the man and his music . In June of 2000 I was treated to a live performance by Lou and Co. in Portland , Or . while he was on tour to promote the release of Ecstasy ! That night was a stand on your feet , foot stomping night to remember and I came away a true Lou fan ! I mention this because I have that same feeling every time I watch `` A Night with Lou Reed . '' Lou 's great , the music 's great and the film is flawless . It 's easy to see that Lou is having fun and the electricity is freely flowing between artist and audience ! Once again I am captivated by the man 's ability to capture and hold on to an audience from the beginning to the end of a truely great show !! I highly recommend `` A Night with Lou Reed '' to anyone who wants to experience the feel of sitting in the front row at a performance by one of America 's true Rock and Roll Animals !
 This is just the kind of Lou Reed concert you wish you could have been present at . And fortunately , someone filmed it , so you can get as close as the mists of time will allow . Lou 's playing for his peers in NYC , like Andy Warhol , and pulling out all the stops . The band , with Fernando Saunders on bass , and Robert Quine on Guitar , absolutely melts together , they 're so tight . Lou was on an upswing here , having just released one of his best solo albums ever , THE BLUE MASK , and showing off what turned out to be his live sound for the next 15 years . In interviews , Lou called this `` Adult Rock and Roll '' , but really , it could also be called punk jazz . Or maybe , it defies classification . However , if you love Lou Reed , and want to see him at work reproducing his best solo work of the 80s , then here you go . After seeing the show , you realize it 's a loss to the history of rock , that more films of his live work from the 60s onward do n't exist . So what is around , is all the more valuable .
 ... to Jazzie of Hampstead , London . Do n't know what you were looking at . Your last graf , where you make up some quote from Lou at the end of the show , is totally bogus . In fact , Lou says just the opposite . Pay no attention to that innacurate review . Lou has his good nights and his bad nights . This was one of the best performances of his career .
 In this live appearance at the Bottom Line in New York City , Lou Reed reaffirms to everybody why he is the musical genius that many have come to love and idolize . The usually reclusive Reed allows everybody to have a front row seat to this magical performance as well as a slight glimpse backstage . From the very beginning of the evening , Reed and his backup band are so on it that they will leave you mezmorized . It has been nearly twenty years since this performance . And it really stands the test of time . Reed , the godfather of new wave for many , is that rare artist that is , and always will be , looked up at for generations . To correct the previous reviewer , while backstage after the performance , Reed exclaims that this is the kind of performance that you hope that somebody in the audience has at least a tape recorder . This DVD is a must-own for any Velvet Underground fan or anybody interested in seeing a master at his best .
 I find once reed started to talk about marriage and deepend his voice that his musical shelf life had halved . The Blue Mask is an excellent output , probably his last mandatory album of his old style and this DVD takes place shortly after said album 's completeion . The sound quality is impecable and the song choice is excellent . Really a must for Reed fans whom wish to experience him live , but dont want to pay a grand a plate at some charity to see him .
 This may be the perfect Lou Reed primer.If you are a fan of Lou 's music or just looking ot better understand why he is so often mentioned as the father/grandfather of modern and post modern rock , this is the first step to understanding .
 This may be the perfect Lou Reed primer . It is all there . All of the accessible music from the VU days up to the early 80 's . The late Robert Quine on guitar and Fernando Saunders on bass act as amazing foils to Lou 's wonderful simple and oh so complicated songs . If you are a fan of Lou 's music or just looking ot better understand why he is so often mentioned as the father/grandfather of modern and post modern rock , this is the first step to understanding .
 This has all my Reed favorites . Incredible performance . At one point between songs , the camera settles on who I believe is Andy Warhol in the crowd .
 If you are a Music Lover and just happen to be in Manhattan on Holiday or Business ... PLEASE !!!!!! Go and hear this Band performing Live in Birdland Jazz Club !!! Superb Band.Superb Drummer and Superb Club , Staff , Venue etc !!!!! All Very Well reflected in this Great DVD.Superb Picture Quality -LRB- and Im viewing it on an old Sony DVPNS305 DVD Player with A Scart Cable !!! -RRB- Great Arrangements and The Programme ends with Birdland of Course !!! In my Opinion this Fantastic Drummer is as Near to The Late , Legendary Buddy Rich as you will ever get !! If you love Jazz you must Buy this DVD !!!
 If you are a fan of swingin ' big band music , then this is definately a must buy . This band really swings , the arrangements are great , and the soloists are superb . Tommy Igoe combines the chops of Buddy Rich and the showmanship of Gene Krupa . If you had to single out anyone in the band , the percussionist and the bass player are outstanding , to say nothing of Igoe himself . I say , Buy it !!
 Normally I prefer audio of big band and jazz CDs . I find the images distracting and prefer to let my imagination fill in the holes.Not so with this his fantastic remarkable DVD . It is or should be living proof that jazz and the big band is alive and well . This is a stunning set incorporating the talents of top NY musicians who earn a crust in the pit for top broadway shows.The program is epic , so much excitement and passion displayed . The presentation reminds one of the bands of Herman and Rich -LRB- the latter when he is enjoying being there -RRB- . Sorry Rich fans!Tommy Igoe is not one drumming ` one-trick ' pony . He displays excitement , musicality and sensitivity that not every drummer shows . He has fun , he enjoys everyone 's contribution to the music.When he does solo his technical ability/musical sensitivity and need to have a good time , come together . People who see this band every week are so lucky.Get the CD as well for the car , the tracks are slightly different.FAULOUS !!!!
 Tommy Igoe is well known within the drumming community as one of the premier teachers of the art . You usually ca n't get to that level of recognition without also being a pretty good player . It 's not necessary to be a great player to be a great teacher , but it helps with the `` street cred '' . This DVD shows that Mr. Igoe has more than enough street-c . His talents are right up there with the absolute best of the best of the drum-kings including Weckl , Gadd , Smith , and Colaiuta . Do n't believe me ? Just get this DVD and watch . This guy has so much musical talent ... he plays so musically , with so much power and speed -- but always within the context of the composition . In addition , he leads an absolutely incredible band . Not only is this DVD a must have for any drummer , anyone who would enjoy a phenomenal big-band performance should have it too . Every other member of the band is up to the incredible standard set by Mr. Igoe . The only bad news is that after seeing this DVD , you 'll probably have to add a trip to NY and the birdland jazz club as another `` must '' to see the band play in person . Until you can arrange that , get this DVD and enjoy it over , and over again . I 'd give it 6 stars if I could . Ca n't wait for the next CD or DVD from the band !
 The Birdland Big Band , featuring Tommy Igoe on drums and a team of superlative jazz players will knock your sox off ! Whether it be a driving , modern jazz tune , a Basie piece or a fabulous Latin composition , you will have a hard time keeping yourself from tapping your feet and sitting still . This band is riveting with all the drive and sound of much larger bands and even the classic bands of yesteryear.The selection of songs are quite eclectic and played to perfection . The soloists are amazingly gifted and show off their talents throughout each performance . I 've seen them twice now and man do they cook !
 Great energy canalized and directed by Tommy . Very good musicians with powerful energy . Very good music.A Must Have !!!
 This is an solid group lead by a very talented drummer . There are several fresh , exciting arrangements that also give life to this DVD . I would like to see this group recorded with better balance on all microphones and with more space to allow better video work . I will also always wonder why are the tunes listed on the cover not in the order played on the DVD ? Yet , having said all that , it is a prized big band purchase that is watched often .
 This dvd is amazing . Being an amature WWII historian I found this to be a pleasent surprise . The footage of this remarkable lady in her original and re-incarnations are just awe inspiring . The combat footage is jaw dropping and you as the viewer can see first hand why The U.S.S. Hornet is/was a lady to NOT be messed with.A BIG bonus is that on the special features menu there is the 8 minute short film `` Torpedo Squadron '' which -LRB- I believe -RRB- is directed by John Ford . This is a nice -LRB- and yes tearful -RRB- rememberance of Torpdeo Squadron 8 -LRB- the ill-fated TBD Devastators at the Battle Of Midway -RRB- . This IS A MUST HAVE dvd for your collection . If you are as enthusiastic and/or hungry for vintage WWII carrier war footage/history as I am then pick this dvd up at once .
 I like this comedian , which is why I purchased . However , the item I received had no picture , just sound . He was funny without the picture .
 the discs all worked well and the case was in good shape . the retailer was very helpful in shipping it to me .
 to be honestim addicted to the animal planetand this series is the epitome of whycomputer animation was meant for such `` documentaries `` gather your friendssit and enjoynote names of the futuristic critters `` swampus `` and scientific factoids of `` proof `` you wont be sorry
 This a treat for science buffs , the theoies are great . If youare just a average joe , watch without sound and skip the peopletalking .
 I did not have high hopes for this series . I assumed it would be rather silly and was looking to be entertained by the strange and the bizarre . I did find those aspects but I found more as well.These programs look at the possible evolution of life in the future without humans and in radically different environments . These speculative life forms are interesting but I expected nothing beyond wild , `` artists ' conceptions '' . The results are wild but they are based on informed speculation . However bizarre the hypothetical creature presented is , it is compared to current fauna with similar or analogous features . Those features are just taken further and the results are interesting to watch.This program could be looked upon as a way to teach the fundamental ideas of natural selection in a new and different manner ; looking to the future instead of the past.Episode synopses appear below : Disc One
 Travel to what the future MAY be like , 5 millions years from now , 100 million years from now and 200 million years from now . It is a solid mixture of science mixed with wonder as we shoot ahead , through an Ice Age , a heat wave lasting millions of years and many other changes that force animals to change and evolve to survive . Most of it is very interesting and while the DVDs have no extras , the episodes do , in the form of scientists explaining in detail what examples of animals in the past or in the present allowed them to design such wonderful new future creatures . They also talk about social behavior , changes to the climate and to the Earth 's land mass itself.Sometimes the CG looks a tad fake , but kiddies should enjoy it . Be warned , like many nature shows there are predators killing prey or animals ` failing ' to survive .
 The Future is Wild is easily one of the most original and unique consepts for a film in a while . Showing the world of the far far future . When humans has gone -LRB- how or why is not explained -RRB- and the world has returned back to the primitive world is once was . This DVD version of the movie is quite different then on Animal Planet . Some new details are added it is also missing completly the space prob . My guess is the space prob was just Animal Planets form of political correctness . The Future is Wild is extremely imaginative . The bizzare future animals it predicts are very cool . Scientist explaining laws of evolution and using examples of modern animals make this future world more probable . It takes three time periods . 5 million years , 100 million years , and 200 million years in the future . As expected the more time goes on the more bizzare the animals get . 5 million years we see giant swimming birds , giant running birds , giant bats , giant rats , running lizards , desert pigs , and rattlebacked rodents . This is a world of ice were creatures are scrambling to survive in the cold . 100 million years the world has warmed up . We see turtules bigger then the largest dinosaur , amphibious octupus , giant killer bugs , four winged birds , and poisionus birds . 200 million years in the future a mass extinction wiped out all mammels , birds , and reptiles . However we have swimming lobsters , super sharks , flying fish , hopping snails , plant worms , and squid that swing from tree to tree . All of this may seem to weird to be true but the world of 200 million years ago was just as different . These future animals are shown using computer animation in live action environments . While it is clearly inferior to framestones television projects the animation is good enough to serve its purpose . This 5 hour series spans over three discs . All are presented in anamorphic widescreen . DVD lacks any special features on the animation and has only 2 channels of sound . Theres more then enough disc room for a 5.1 track and at least some extras . This is a bit dissipointing but I still recommend The Future is Wild . It is a glimse at our possible future world . Remember Evolution Never Stops .
 The Future Is Wild takes a peek into the future as we know it . There are three discs . The first one is set five million years into the future . It is the middle of another Ice Age . There is an introduction and four episodes . Every other disc has four episodes.Episode 1
 Realize that no one said this is `` real '' . It 's a movie about the FUTURE people.That being said , I teach high school biology and environmental science and I find this to be an excellent and entertaining DVD series . I use it to reinforce principles like
 I saw this on digital cable and found it to be wonderfully creative and well thought out . The Animation was n't the best of the `` Walking-With '' Genre , but I still found it interesting.Behavioral and physical aspects of these supposed creatures of the future are interesting and , as I mentioned earlier , well thought out.My only gripe with this movie is that it is assumed that the climate gets too harsh for people in 5 million years , we leave , and that 's where this starts . Now , be real . If humans have n't completely ravaged or destroyed the planet in 5 million years , we will be plenty advanced enough to survive a second ice age . If we could survive a first with stone working , animal furs and basic metallurgey , I think we could handle a second one 5 mllion years from now.But if you can pretend that humans are gone and the planet is n't destroyed , you 'll enjoy this , as I did immensly . The Future is n't Wild ; just Ok .
 `` The Future Is Wild '' is a rather cool concept for a program . There 's tons of dinosaur themed documentaries out there that look at ancient fauna and their evolution , but this is really the only show I 've seen that speculates about the future . Obviously , it 's not a real `` documentary '' in the literal sense because it 's 100 % speculative fiction , but it is scientifically informed speculation , so it 's quite interesting and fun.The whole premise of `` The Future Is Wild '' is that humans are gone from earth and the audience now gets to see what might happen in the evolution of the remaining animals there . The DVD series is quite long -LRB- about 5 hours total -RRB- and spans as far as 200 million years into the future . The imaginative views of what new animals would evolve over time are quite interesting , but obviously there 's no way to know how true they would be because something as huge as evolution that far into the future would be very difficult to predict . Still , the scientists who worked with the film makers do stop to give exposition about their reasoning behind a particular animal and what it evolved from and why , and I appreciated these segments . Overall , I felt that the explanations and reasoning given for certain animal designs were pretty sound , but that the names given to the animals were pretty silly -LRB- `` Phlish '' and `` Slither Suckers '' -RRB- . To be fair though , that 's the sort of names that people would give to new animals - just very descriptive ones . Some of them still sound pretty silly though . As for any other complaints I have ... I 'm annoyed that the DVDs do n't have a `` play all '' option . You have to select and play each episode -LRB- 4 per disc -RRB- individually . That was a bit more inconvenient , but not a deal breaker or anything . Lastly , I 'm a bit disappointed that there are no special features of any kind . None.So , do I recommend this DVD set ? Well , if the premise I described earlier sounds interesting to you and you can withstand some silliness , then give it a try . If it does n't , then obviously give it a pass . Also , if you liked this show and are looking for something similar to check out , try watching `` Alien Planet '' .
 I watched this program and wrote a review of its scientific principles for a college assignment . Honestly , I 'm surprised by how many reviews suggest that the creatures presented are too `` fantastic '' to have evolved from living forms in 200 million years . If you 've ever studied what earth looked like 200 million years - ago - , it really is not all that fantastic ... in fact , I was surprised things did n't change - more - . The scientific principles behind this are very sound . The scientists creating this series looked at existing diversity of life forms and adaptations that exist today , and projected future continental drift and climate change to see what the world of 5 , 100 , or 200 million years from now would look like . The phyla that inherit the future Earth are molluscs and arthropods , currently the most taxonomically dominant and diverse groups on the planet today . They have very successful body forms , and it did not surprise me to see them largely take over the land from tetrapod forms in 200 million years . Especially in the harsh conditions of a worldwide supercontinental desert after a mass extinction , it 's no surprise that tetrapods do n't last . We and our four-legged kin are n't as well-suited to that sort of environment as other organisms are.In addition , specific episodes focus on different evolutionary and ecological mechanisms . `` Tropical Antarctica '' discusses evolutionary radiation and coevolution in an isolated environment . `` Flooded World '' looks at symbiosis and mutualism . `` Waterland '' examines parental care mechanisms , and each episode of the `` Ice World '' series at 5 million years from now looks at evolution of animals to adapt to a rapidly changing ice age climate.The only thing I can really criticize is the CGI . The effort in this series was obviously put into scientific accuracy rather than stunning visuals . I 've seen better CGI out of movies ten years older than this . Something I found annoying , but actually slightly humorous was that they would use the same CGI multiple times to describe a single organism , but mirrored or with a different color filter , and apparently expected no one to notice.Of course , the point of this series was not the CGI , it was the science , so it only loses one star for that . That and the names of organisms are a bit fanciful , like deathgleaners and sharkopaths , but again , that 's not the point of the series . In addition , not all questions about specific organisms are explained , but I imagine that to be the nature of a 25-minute program rather than a flaw in the science.Although we wo n't be able to start judging it as accurate or inaccurate for 5 million years -LRB- and I highly doubt humans will be around that long , honestly , at least not in our current form -RRB- , it does present realistic and well-thought-out possibilities . I think this program would be an excellent discussion-starter for a class on evolution , ecology , or organismal diversity . I doubt that in 200 million years , we 'll see the skies populated by `` flish '' as seen in the film . At the very least they 'll look a lot more realistic ! But it is certainly a possibility , and well-justified by scientific knowledge . And that 's the whole idea .
 I wondered about all the reviews complaining about the pompous pretentious scientists.HAHAHAHAHAHA ! This thing has the funniest collection of nerdy scientists EVER . It 's like they 've gone out of their way to find the most stereotypical ivory tower twits in the scientific community . I began to wonder if they were real or actors costumed by a really good designer . I mean the rumpled coats and bow ties with funky awful hair and glasses abound to the point of absurdity ! TOO FUNNY!Still , what they are there for and telling us is how they came up with the wild future animals based on what has evolved in the past and it all has a logic to it.But do n't get your panties in a twist . It 's all just speculation informed a bit by what we know . Do n't get too serious This is supposed to be FUN.And it is.It 's a great ride . Punctuated by the funniest scientists ever to evolve . So tie that bow tie , get a pocket protector , pop some corn , sit back and just go with the flow . It 's great fun . Enjoy!I give it 4 stars because I 'm not too fond of the narrator 's voice . But , for heaven 's sake , do n't let that stop you from watching .
 Speculations can be neither right or wrong , but they can be interesting . Watching this program is much easier if you 've read a lot of comic books or science fiction.I believe there were some minor flaws in the walking with dinosaurs series , but the most I can say about this series is how far-fetched a couple of the animals are.It 's never explained to my satifaction how a `` flish '' breaths air or water or how it reproduces.The idea of squids becoming monkeys and predatory elephants is ridiculous.Why would a shark bother developing a flashy system of communication when most sharks are solitary ... and have looked much the same for millions of years?Still , some animals are n't that far-fetched . There are spiders today that live in colonies with a `` queen '' . There are ants that squirt acid . There are birds that burrow in the dirt.Some rodents do get big ; the capibarra for instance.There were pre-historic predatory birds that stood about six feet tall.There 's even talk of a veleciorapter-relative fossil that had 4 wings.So most of the animals are n't all that much of a stretch to the imagination.CREATIONISTS : The theory of evolution is never called into question.In fact , with the exception of the squids , all of the animals in TFIW can be cataloged today , either in the fossil record or modern day counterparts . Just makes me wonder what they were smoking when they thought up the squid-monkeys . Some of it has to taken with a grain of salt.As far as man 's absense , well ... it would be the height of egotism to assume that we will be the last animal alive on earth.When watched with an open mind , ... and perhaps a sense of humor , this a very enjoyable program .
 I first saw a portion of this on Animal Planet.For my ninth birthday , I wanted `` some scientific documentary '' . When my mom and I went on Amazon , this DVD caught my eye.My mom , not knowing what it was really about , said `` you 're gon na be scared of the aliens in this '' . But I ignored her.The first thing I noticed of the DVD was the music.The techno beat made me rewind the DVD to that moment.Also , I thought the CG was very detailed.It also went into great detail of the animals ' lives.And it was remarkable !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I mean , yea , squids swinging through trees , hopping snails , chemical spitting birds.And from the start , you know these are definetly not dinosaurs.True , it did not have any bonus material , but it really is a great documentary.If you like this , I also reccomend you buying Walking with Dinosaurs , Walking with Beasts , and Before the Dinosaurs -LRB- I have seen a portion of this on Discovery -RRB- . If you think this is some `` unscientific crap '' or thought there were `` too many killing scenes `` or thought it had `` mediocre CG and narration '' , then you 're the dumbest person on earth !!!!!!!!!!
 As entertaining as it is brilliant !!!! This is a masterful addition to your collection whether your a scientist or a sports hero . This is a work of brilliance you must see !!! Get the book too .
 Great service received the item really quick and was exactly what was desrcibed would definately do business with in the future !!
 To say that this is not really science is an understatement . When you get right down to it , it ` s just speculation . But when dealingwith the question of what path future evolution might follow , the wild guess speculations found in this film are probably asgood of wild guesses as any are.It ` s not science or even what you could call a real documentary , but it is entertaining . And the critters discribed are by nomeans impossible . There is plenty of food for thought here . The critters and their environments are well thought out and possible , even if they are not probable.Trying to predict the future path of evolution is very much like trying to predict next weeks lottery numbers . Your guess will likelybe wrong , but your guess is likely no worse than anyone else ` s guess .
 It 's funny , our time on this planet is so short -LRB- 70-80 years -RRB- that it can be hard to predict even what the next century would be like . The last century was full of many fanciful predictions -LRB- where 's my flying car ??? -RRB- . In fact , after watching this series , I realized how even ~ 15,000 years for human civilization seems like a drop in the bucket compared to how millions , billions of years old this planet is.Each disc features a different point in the future - 5 million years , 100 million years , 200 million years . Those millions of years is a long time for creatures to change and evolve . The new animals -LRB- which seem a little like they came out of `` Impossible Creatures '' are all based on a present-day animal . The creatures are all given some rather silly names as well , such as a poggle -LRB- the last mammal -RRB- , the swampas -LRB- land squid -RRB- and squibbons -LRB- tree-dwelling squid -RRB- . Basically I remember them as dinural bats , underground quail , large spiders , rattle rodents , giant tortoises , and killer prairie birds.The CGI used for the animals is n't so great compared to other examples and by showing animals in danger or being killed , the program tried to be like a traditional nature show . But the CGI was decent enough to give people an idea . The predictive evolution was complimented by nature footage that demonstrate animal behaviour and how the future animals might use or develop these traits in the future . I thought the predictions were very creative though and it was enjoyable to watch.No predictions are given for the future race , and it is assumed that nature has `` taken it back '' . I think it would have been too hard or controversial for the producers to feature humans .
 Good story , nice animation and effects . Interesting speculation on evolution in the far future .
 This video is amazing ! It 's like `` Walking with Dinosaurs '' . The monsters amaze you more than anything .
 My son and I had watched the Animal Planet show and he was immediately fascinated by the concept of hypothesizing based on evolutionary precepts . He loves unusual animals of any kind and these definitely qualify . He is constantly asking questions about the theories and postulating theories of his own based on the science in the show . He loves it .
 `` The Future is Wild '' is based on scientific assumptions as to what will live on Earth in millions of years from now . This series is not as far-fetched as it seems . Scientists comment through the whole series and explain how and why these animals might evolve . Some of the theories seem insane like their idea that squid will take the place of humans as the dominant species on the planet , but the way the scientists explain these possibilities , the idea becomes understandable , and even possilble . `` The Future is Wild '' is a great series , but if you have a short attention span , I would n't watch it . I hope this review was helpful and I hope you enjoy `` The Future is Wild '' ! NOTE
 I love this box set thing ! The future is wild brings the superb graphics of walking with monsters , dinosaurs and beasts back once more in a vision of what life might be like in the future ! I love it !
 I REALLY liked this three-set DVD . It is about what animals might develop in the future . It is split into three parts -LRB- five million years into the future -LSB- ITF -RSB- , a hundred million years ITF and two hundred million ITF -RRB- and twelve episodes.Inhabitants of the future : ShagratSnowstalkerGannetwhaleCryptileGrykenScrofaBabookariCarakillaRattlebackDesert RattlebackSpinkDeathgleanerToratonSwampusLurkfishOcean PhantomReef GliderSpindle TrooperRoachcutterFalconflySpitfire BirdFalse Spitfire BirdSpitfire BeetleGreat Blue WindrunnerSilver SpiderPoggleTerabyteGarden WormGloomwormSlickribbonSilverswimmerOcean FlishRainbow SquidSharkopathBumblebeetleDesert HopperForest FlishMegasquidSquibbonNote
 this set of dvd 's tell a tale that is completely captivating . what if earth did not have humans , what would it look like in 50 million , 100 million and 200 million years.not only do they show the life from the future they explain how they came to these conclusions and include information on earths climate and shape . the story is very plausible and the scientists interviewed absolutely know what they are talking about.the computer imaging is outstanding and make these creatures come alivei highly recommend this set for children to adult .
 This is very interesting account of what animals will evolve into in the future . It definitely holds your attention and really makes you think about what the future will actually be like . I liked it very much and my son -LRB- 15 years old -RRB- loves it.Linda
 My son ordered this , and was very happy and surprised to get all 3 dvd 's . A very great deal , and came in great condition .
 My wife wanted this to use with her students at school . They love it . It is one of the most requested videos when time allows . I found it fascinating myself .
 An interesting exercise in Evolutionary Imagination and Prognostication , my only complaint with `` The Future is Wild '' is that there was n't more of it , such as a larger selection of `` Future '' Flora and Fauna . Oh , and just WHERE did they dig up some of those rather goofy Scientists ?
 Title of the review pretty much says it all . The CG still holds up pretty well , even after 5 + years . There are n't many speculative documentaries on how life might evolve in the future ; thankfully , this is a great one .
 This movie consisted of 3 DVDs . I ordered it for a friend . I was impressed with the movie . I thought it was going to be one of those boring movies that you fall asleep on . But it basically tells you about what the world will look like in millions of years after humans have moved elsewhere off planet Earth . Very interesting to watch !
 I LOVE THIS SERIES ! It gives a great view into what the future of the earth may actually be like and still leaves room for further possibilities .
 this show is amazing it like planet earth but in million years in the future if you buy this product you will go in ah . the special effect are amazing and you will learn alot.If you like walking with dinosaurs you shoulds like this . I encourage you to get it .
 This is a wonderful series , but for those looking for the one that was on Discovery Kids , this is not it.My son has watched the series with the kids , and is really enjoying this DVD set . But sadly , the series with the kids exploring these future areas is not available to buy in any form.And Discovery Kids is closing down at the end of 2009 , to be replaced in late 2010 with a new channel , Hasbro Kids Channel.I am hoping that The Future is Wild kid series will be also run on the Hasbro Kids Channel . And will also be released on dvd , as the series was n't run in order on Discovery Kids , so we have not had a chance to see 8 of the 26 episodes in the series .
 I love this show . It has great graphics and evidence enough to make you think , `` Hey , this might be possible . '' My only criticism is that they could have taken the show further . In my opinion , the few hours given is not enough .
 I bought this dvd for my son who has been wanting it since he saw it on TV . He loved it and has watched it many times since he got it .
 `` The Future is Wild '' is an interesting take on the future of life on Earth at 5 , 100 , and 200 MY in the future . The CGI is pretty believable , and they back up their more unusual claims with modern-day examples . The names are a bit silly , but you ca n't really expect a proper Genus-species name for an imagined life-form ! Probably my greatest gripe about this is the 200 MY in the future segment . The creators of this had a bit of a penchant for invetebrates , I think ; the entire tetrapod line has gone extinct by this point -LRB- which I find difficult to believe given the length it 's been around already and the huge degree of diversity found in it -RRB- , which definitely provides the opportunity for huge adaptive radiation in the other genera -- but as I said , the premise is a bit difficult to swallow -LRB- a bit of tetrapod-centrism on my part ? Maybe . -RRB- . Its also implied we -LRB- ie , tetrapods -RRB- got some stiff competition from invertebrates when oxygen levels rose . However , given our generally more efficient oxygen processing it would seem that insectivorous birds and such would make the proverbial killing in this environment , but oh well.If we accept that as a given , however , I definitely believe that cephalopods would be the next-in-line , so to speak . And in any case , the series is entertaining to watch , and gives a good taste of evolution in action .
 To put it simply , if you enjoyed the Walking With Dinosaurs documentaries you 'll love The Future Is Wild . Luscious photography , and terrific cgi mixed with live action effects.In this future of the earth depicted here , mankind is longextinct . Earth has returned to it 's primitive paradise . Strangeand stranger new life forms have emerged . Such as giant landwalking squids , monolithic turtles , and carnivorous fish that literally electrifies their prey . And many strange vistas.Many of today 's leading scientists were consulted for thisdocumentary to present their views of earth 's future . Extremelyentertaining . If you are looking for something truly out of the ordinary , The Future Is Wild is your ticket . Enjoy .
 My 6 year old wanted this series so I ordered it . We do n't have cable so when we saw a little piece of this series at a pizza place , we thought , hey ... looks interesting.My son enjoyed it and I did as well . I would n't have purchased this if I had seen it on cable , but my son has had fun sharing with others what the future may hold.It did fire up a discussion about traveling through time both past and future and my son has decided he will invent that machine just to really see what 's up with the future . So from that standpoint it was fun and helped stir up quite a fun discussion and spark a 6 year old boy 's imagine to go wild.If you do n't like watching other things eat other things , you may want to keep the remote handy ... other than that ... it 's worth a watch at least one time .
 I had this performance on Laser Disc , and it was awesome ! Joanna is one of my all time favorites , and they did it good on this one . As much as I miss this performance , I ca n't bear to settle for VHS after owning the Laser Disc and I am holding out for the day it is released on DVD . It was so good that I do n't want any less than what I remember .
 I used to go to their concerts when I was in my 20 's and I saw them whenever they were close by - they are so excellent - this video reminds me of those times . They are so talented !
 Kool & The Gang live in New Orleans in 1984 . Excellent quality on the video.CelebrationLadies NightHollywood SwingingTonightYou Can Do ItTrilogy
 Let me start off by saying this is not a great concert video , and not the definitive concert it claims to be . However , that being said , it is an entertaining DVD , with some nice footage of the band . This is a concert DVD from the early 80 's , on what looks to be the `` winds of Change '' tour - recorder live in Canada . One problem I had with this is that it is rather short - clocking in at a little over an hour . I would have liked to seen the entire show . Sound is decent - not great . The band seems to be having fun playing the songs , and it gives a nice snapshot of the band in their early 80 's mode ... just a few years before they released the god awful `` We built this city '' ... and they went completely downhill . I think if your a fan of the band , you will find this well worth the money . If your a hardcore fan from the early versions of the band -LRB- I.E. - the stuff with Marty Balin -RRB- ... this may not be for you , as it is loaded heavy with the Mickey Thomas stuff . All in all ... well worth the price !!!
 ... . This JS concert , pretty much represents the band well for where they were , at the start of the 80 's . They have always been a band that appeared to be on the verge of chaos and confusion , as foretold by even some of their own lyrics . All the elements are here and all the quirky individualities of each member ... Grace 's mysterious antics , Paul 's leadership , Craig 's guitar , Mickey 's high octane vocals -LRB- see KNEE DEEP IN THE HOOPLA album -RRB- BUT most of all THE MUSICIANSHIP and GREAT SONGS !!! One thing people forget too , is that this band has always evolved and they represent each era perfectly !!! Even Paul Kantner being the sci fi buff that he is , needs to realize this . Everything evolves and the STARSHIP continued right through this show and on through the 80 's !!!
 What a difficult dvd for me to review . First I was about the same age as the audience watching this concert back in 1983 and I really like Jefferson Starship . With that being said the picture quality and sound quality are just o.k. . The picture quality I would describe as being good for a vhs tape and the sound quality is equal to or better than an LP or casette tape . This is a concert dvd that employs some music video type effects with mixed results . Grace Slick hams it up for the camera 's and some may find it distracting . There are breaks in the concert with Mike MacDonald playing a character called `` shortwave mike '' , these are dreadful and I just skip through them . The setlist is very good , I wish there was more to it . If you like Jefferson Starship from this time period I would recommend this title for you .
 This concert in Toronto from 1983 portrays Jefferson Starhip at it 's best ! On the heels of the release of Winds of Change , they play many of the hits off that album as well as some of the classic Jefferson Airplane tunes such as `` White Rabbit '' and `` Somebody To Love '' . Grace Slick shines on vocals along with Mickey Thomas . Craig Chacquico on guitar is awesome and there are great guitar solo parts in this conert video . This is a must for any Jefferson Starship lover .
 This is a great video and an awesome workout . I was sweating and my muscles were feeling the burn . Oreet is not only an incredible dancer but she is also a great teacher . She explains what you need to be doing and she breaks down the movements . She makes sure that you are in the correct position and that you are using the correct muscles . I take actual belly-dance classes from her and this video is pretty much like being in class . Its fun , easy to follow and gives you a great workout . I highly recommend it.Diana
 I totally agree with the previous reviewer and would like to add that after taking Oreet 's training to become a SharQui instructor I plan to use this video and the level one to remind me to maintain proper posture and isolations . My obliques were feeling it both during the exercise and the next day ! Her cueing is very good and timed well to allow the participant to prepare and execute the move . For those without a SharQui instructor in their neighbourhood then this is the next best thing ! Lovely job !
 Oreet 's classes are the best , and her work out videos are the next best option . I found this workout video great to tone up/maintain my curves when I was out of work and could not afford dance classes . Now I have found a job overseas and play it on my laptop where ever I go , even for short trips ! I can easily modify some of the movents to accommodate my calf injury . I love that Sharqui is an excellent workout using true belly dance technique .
 I really ca n't say enough good things about the SharQui style . As much as I love bellydance , an injury to my spine made me think I 'd never be able to learn it . All the twisting and bending and dramatic moves are WAY beyond my range of motion . But with the SharQui style , the focus is all on the foundation and training your muscles to the proper posture and execution of the moves , then gaining the strength and endurance to be able to dance a routine . It 's done wonders for my balance and given me quick , easy little moves to help loosen things up when I 'm out and about doing regular things . Even though my roommates tease me about shimmying while we wait in line at grocery stores . It 's totally worth it . : -RRB- In the routine on this DVD , Oreet talks you through the moves and occasionally gives reminders to help you check your posture . The repetition helps sink it into your head and , more importantly , your muscles . -LRB- I always wind up doing better when I stop thinking so hard and just let it go . As soon as I get too much into my head , I turn into my own worst enemy for messing myself up . -RRB- This second level is ABSOLUTELY more challenging than the first and adds more moves to the ones from Level 1 . If you feel confident about doing Level 1 and are ready to kick up the difficulty level then this one is a must . You 'll finish feeling totally worked over and definitely wo n't have to worry about not being sure if your muscles got a workout . And be prepared to get * sweaty ! * The workout gets you WAY past glistening and right into man-sweat territory . It 's without question a whole body workout , but the magic of technology means you can also just pick a quickie workout of arms or hips if you want . -LRB- I think that helps as a way to start working up to being able to do Level 2 start to finish if you are quiiiiite there yet , but want to work on getting to it . -RRB- So to summarize ~ works a whole lot of muscles you did n't think you 'd work , specific and controlled muscle isolation , absolutely a step up in difficulty from Level 1 , and still 100 % awesome fun . I 've found my workout and hopefully the DVDs mean that lots of other people can find theirs too !
 I completely agree with the other reviews . Oreet 's instruction is clear and concise . I too , attended her certification , and find the DVD to be a good reminder of all the techniques she taught . I can also get a great workout at home when I ca n't make it to a live class . If I was closer to SF , I would take Oreet 's class as much as possible . This is the next best thing !
 Although I had second thoughts about this purchase mainly because of the price my limit on any DVD is 14.99 I have to say this is well worth the money ... I ca n't say enough good things about the instructor ... Very calm very sweet and so enjoyable to have in my workout room ... I totally enjoyed the workout ... This would be a great dvd for someone that is learning belly dance I wish it was available many years ago . . I have purchased a few DVD 's that are totally not worth the money this is not one of them ... I hope this instructor puts out more perhaps some on learning some different moves that I may add to my dance routine ... she has a wonderful way of explaining the moves . . I purchased both workouts and I 'm happy . . I contacted this this young lady for the music . . I wanted the Cd and she contacted me last week and I purchased it . . She followed through from months ago that does n't happen often happen . . I want more DVD `` s from her
 After viewing a video clip , I purchased this DVD and it 's awesome ! I definately feel the burn which is exactly what this DVD intended to do . I think Oreet is a great teacher . I have to agree with the other reveiws , she did a great job breaking the moves down.Oreet is very clear on how she explains moves . I felt this dvd was fun and challenging.I would recommend this DVD !!
 D.I.C.E. is a great space adventure series about a bunch of kids who live on a space station and are in training to go on rescue missions to help various planets or individual ships that are in trouble . This disc has the first 5 of the 26 episodes :1 . S.O.S. from Planet Saffaron2 . The Pirate Planet3 . Race Through the Plasma Blizzard4 . Countdown to Impact5 . The Monster of Lupis Sea
 This movie has all the elements needed for a good `` B '' slasher movie spoof . I was surprised to see all the talent in this . I will not mention everyone as the surprise is worth experiencing . I will mention the Principal , Roddy McDowall , who as you remember was his own intriguing teen movie `` Lord Love a Duck '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . The basic `` who is doing this and why ? '' story starts out with a Father going hunting and leaving his -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- inappropriately clad daughter home to study . Now we add to the mix several suspects . The boyfriend -LRB- Brad Pitt -RRB- that seems a tad dysfunctional . Their old friend -LRB- Donovan Leitch -RRB- fresh from the psycho ward . And a whole cast of uniquely weird suspects that all had motive and opportunity.A pretty good array of dispatching tools are used , as people are being removed right and left . They left out the railroad tracks and the saw mill -LRB- close though -RRB- and the kitchen sink.I f you enjoy this sort of movie then you need to see one that does rings around this one with a similar scheme `` Student Bodies '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , where they use Horse Head Book ends.Student Bodies
 Originally bought this for a friend as a present because he talked about enjoying it when it ran on MTV years back , and it became one of my all time favorite television shows ever . This might be the most consistently funny cartoon I have ever seen . The characters are fun takes on their historical figures -LRB- I especially enjoy Gandhi 's brief rap career -RRB- and a great assortment of guest stars playing off of their own images like Marilyn Manson , possibly Mandy Moore , and Ashley Angel of O-Town ! It sadly only lasted one season , and SPOILER ALERT ends on a cliffhanger that will most likely never be resolved . The special features are lackluster , but this set is definitely worth it just for the show alone . Seriously , buy this DVD . You will not be disappointed .
 This is one of the funniest shows I 've ever seen , too bad it only had one season . Many comedy shows take a while to build up their characters , but episode one gets right to the point . Many of the comedians in this show are well known from SNL and Mad TV , so it 's like the best of both worlds . The music is catchy too . The themes are definitely not for kids . I 'm not sure why Adult Swim never picked up this show since it is much funnier than the last 6 seasons of Family Guy . Some comedies become really dated based on their material , but each episode of Clone High is based on everyday issues that never get old.The only annoying this about this DVD is the menu option - you ca n't get to the episodes right away , even if you hit menu it wo n't let you skip ahead . Why do companies feel we need to watch 10 previews and warn us about copy rights for the hundredth time ?
 This is the last good show that MTV ever made . Unfortunately , they only lasted one season ; by the time it aired , MTV 's audience had become too stupid to keep this show afloat . Suffice to say that the show is excellent , and nonstop laughs . It is very clever , and I have purchased a copy for myself , and continue to purchase more , to give out as gifts for xmas and birthdays .
 How could the powers that be not see the utter genius in this show ? Leave it to Mtv to can something as great as this in favor of dreck like `` My Super Sweet Sixteen . '' They should be ashamed of themselves -LRB- well , they should 've been ashamed of themselves long before this , but that 's besides the point -RRB- . Abe Lincoln , Joan of Arc , Cleopatra , Ghandi & JFK -LRB- along with a host of others -RRB- ... cloned ... in high school ... Very well-written ... great voice casting -LRB- Will Forte , Nicole Sullivan , Michael McDonald -RRB- ... a great show that did n't get a chance , thanks to a once great network that has gone down the pooper .
 This series is SO hilarious . I was so upset when I found out that they cancelled it.If you watched it religiously like I did when it was airing on MTV , -LRB- 2004 , I believe ? -RRB- then you wo n't de dissapointed . In it 's short 13 episode run , it had plenty of laughs . You should get this . Hands down . You 'll have plenty of quotes that you can share with your friends for weeks to come .
 I am a huge fan of this show . I was so happy to find it on DVD . I recommend it HIGHLY .
 Clone high is a classic , and probably one of the smartest shows that MTV has ever aired , in contrast to the shallow and inane programming nowadays . Clone high follows several cloned historical figures trying to live up to their reputations , failing miserably . Each episode is a spoof of dramatic teenage drama shows and/or typical after-school teenybopper TV programs .
 This show is great and has so much potential . It is a Canadian show and MTV aired a few episodes , but quickly canceled it . I thought that it was really witty , and was so disappointed when they canceled it in the States .
 I have waited so long for Clone High to come on DVD . I am so happy to see that it is finally happening ! I 'm sure I have more intelligent things to say about the show , but my heart is filled with so much joy and I just ca n't put it all into words . All I can say is WATCH THIS SHOW !
 I have n't even bought these DVD 's yet but I totally recommend it . I came across Clone High on late night Canadian adult cartoons . Clone High is definitely one of the funniest out there !
 This series was such a breathe of fresh air in a time of stale animated shows . The use of the famous historical figures as characters for the show is brilliant and the way each of them is portrayed is great . Each of them displays the characteristics of stereotypical roles in teen movies/shows but never loses the tongue-in-cheek quality to them . If you like some of the stuff coming out of Adult Swim now-a-days , I recommend you check this series out .
 Each character is hilarious in their own way , and the situations are brilliant . This is my favorite show of all time , and each episode is gold . Period .
 The first 3-4 episodes of this show were absolute perfection . The latter episodes are not as tight as the first ones , but they still stand strong . I 'm so happy they finally officially released this . I purchased an amazing copy on Ebay , of which I am still indebted to the guy who made those copies . They were near perfect and allowed to get a few of my friends addicted to the show years after it was taken off the air . I will admit that I wanted more ` behind the scenes ' stuff , but once again , we are very lucky we have anything . This is a great show and probably the best show/cartoon MTV ever put on the air .
 If you have seen it ... you need to see it again . If you have never seen it ... you need to see it .
 This is the most hilarious show I have ever seen ... well maybe not that funny but still pretty damned good . I have already been through all the episodes about 15 times since I got it a couple of weeks ago . Say whaaaaaaat ?!
 My only problem with this is the 90 second teletoon commercial you ca n't skip past , the fact that they extended the Clone High intro , they took out the piano acoustic intro for the episode `` Litter Kills , Literally '' and the fact that they did n't include better bounus features like maybe an Abandoned Pools music video for Clone high , over all I 'm happy with it , all the original songs were kept in .
 I was a complete fan of Clone High when MTV orignally aired it oh so many years ago . It was one of the first shows that got me intrested in random humor , much like Family Guy . In fact , this show is up there right next to Family Guy . The show 's refrences to sterotypical high school problems and historical refrences made me want more . The best part of this show was that the idea behind in , clones of famous figures in highschool with parents who try to be there for their kids but fail miseriably , was very very orignal and a head of its time , much like family guy . Maybe Cartoon Network will buy the rights to this amazing show and it 'll come back from the TV underworld . But untill then , Im so glad that I discovered its on DVD , Im in heaven ! And I NEED to know what happened after the flash freezer ! Maybe a Clone College spinoff ?
 Not gon na spoil it , but this is just top-notch comedy writing and performance . It fits together perfectly , and just plain works . Wish there was more of it !
 So many clever references in this show . I love how each historical figure translated into a typical high school persona , but with a twist . It 's when you spot cariactures of the ratpack or hear about JFK sleeping with &#34; Catherine-the-Not-So-Great &#34; that I get the giggles and end up watching another episode when I thought I could just watch one .
 Clone high is the greatest show in the history of ever what more can I say ... Weasley . . buy and share the glory .
 Clone High has a very original concept ; back in the 1980s , secret government agents dug up some of the most famous and influential historical figures and cloned them . The clones were put in the care of foster homes , and are being secretly monitered by the government . By now , they are in high school , and are attending Clone High High School , where Principal Cinnamon J. Scudworth -LRB- Phil Lord -RRB- can keep his eye on them . Scudworth is employed by the Board of Shadowy Figures , the government group responsible for the clones , but he secretly plans to steal the clones away from the government for his own purposes . Scudworth is a stereotypical mad scientist ; he is completely insane , speaks in an overly dramatic manner , and even built a robotic butler named Mr. Butlertron -LRB- Chris Miller -RRB- . The main clones are Abe Lincoln -LRB- Will Forte -RRB- , a nice guy who is very indecisive , Joan of Arc -LRB- Nicole Sullivan -RRB- , a goth girl with a crush on Abe , Ghandi -LRB- Michael McDonald -RRB- , Abe 's best friend and party animal -LRB- he buckled under the pressure of living up to the original Ghandi -RRB- , Cleopatra -LRB- Christa Miller -RRB- , a sexy , self-absorbed rich girl , and JFK -LRB- Chris Miller -RRB- , a loud , obnoxious , partier who is Lincoln 's rival for Cleopatra 's heart . Some other clones include George Washington Carver -LRB- Donald Faison -RRB- , a science nerd obsessed with peanuts , Thomas Edison , an AV nerd , Ponce de Leon -LRB- Luke Perry -RRB- , a Fonzie-esque guy who likes to litter , Vincent van Gogh -LRB- Andy Dick -RRB- , a depressed art student -LRB- if you 've seen Wedding Crashers , think Todd -RRB- , and Buddy Holly -LRB- Neil Flynn -RRB- , an aviator with an unsafe plane . In addition to the numerous clones , there are many original characters such as Toots -LRB- Donald Faison -RRB- , Joan of Arc 's blind foster parent , Wally and Carl -LRB- Faison , Flynn -RRB- , JFK 's gay foster dads , Abe 's Foster Dad -LRB- Joe Flarhety -RRB- , who is kind of a knock on Flarhety 's character in Freaks and Geeks , Mr. Sheepman -LRB- Andy Dick -RRB- , a history teacher and the first mostly human clone , and Glenn the Janitor -LRB- Flynn -RRB- , who is Ponce 's foster dad and a direct parody of Flynn 's Janitor character on Scrubs -LRB- Glenn is the exact opposite of the Janitor on Scrubs , but Scudworth still hates him -RRB- . The episodes wonderfully poke fun of the teenage drama genre . The episodes all deal with bizarre `` issues '' , such as smoking raisins to get high , corporate sponsorship , the ADD epidemic , religious tolerance , incarceration , and the death of a friend . In fact , every episode begins with `` Tonight , on a very special Clone High '' , and every episode has a `` Previously '' segment and a `` On the next ... '' segment , neither of which are necessary , because the show is n't -LRB- for the most part -RRB- serialized . Futhermore , the relationship structure is similar to that of most popular teen dramas ; the male protagonist -LRB- Abe -RRB- likes the sexy girl -LRB- Cleo -RRB- who is dating a jerk -LRB- JFK -RRB- , while his best female friend -LRB- Joan -RRB- pines for him . Meanwhile , Abe 's best male friend -LRB- Ghandi -RRB- , is always trying to score with the girls , though he usually ends in failure . The animation is somewhat crude , though I think that it is -LRB- 1 -RRB- part of the show 's charm , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- another way to poke fun at generic teen shows . I think that the cheap animation is supposed to make us think that this was a kind of quick imitation.A lot of the humor on the show derives from the fact that so many of the clones are nothing like the originals . Abe is indecisive , JFK is not a good leader , Ghandi is a party animal , Ghengis Khan is mentally challenged , and Nostradamus is a terrible psychic . Of course , there are numerous other kinds of jokes , ranging from current events references -LRB- such as the extreme marketing -RRB- , great guest stars -LRB- including Marilyn Manson , Jack Black , John Stamos , and Mandy Moore -RRB- , and parodies of classic cartoons , such as when Scudworth engaged in a Roadrunner/Wile E. Coyote scenario with a skunk . Also , a lot of the humor is similar to that found on the show Scrubs , which makes sense because Scrubs creator Bill Lawrence is one of the creators of Clone High . And with the exception of Judy Reyes and Ken Jenkins , all of the Scrubs regulars did voices in this show . Also , a lot of guest stars on Scrubs also appeared in this show , sometimes as regulars -LRB- Nicole Sullivan , who does the voice of Joan of Arc , had a somewhat recurring role on Scrubs -RRB- . Sadly , Clone High was cancelled after only one season . There was so much more they could have done , and so much humor to be had with yet-to-be introduced clones . It 's sad that we 'll never get to see the exploits of Abe and Ghadi or hear Mr. Butlertron call anyone Wesley again , but oh well . The show ended in a `` cliff-hanger '' which further parodied the teen drama . It 's actually a pretty fitting ending for the type of show that Clone High is . Who knows , maybe someday we 'll get a movie , similar to Firefly , but for now , enjoy these 13 episodes .
 I 've waited for three years for this show to be released on DVD . In that time I 've had to make do with the complete series downloaded on my computer . But now that I have this set , I could n't be happier.You may have read how annoying some reviewers find the the 90-second Teletoon commercial introduction to be . Personally , I do n't mind it since it shows scenes from some of my favorite cartoons - Family Guy , Futurama , etc. . Nonetheless , you ca n't skip past it -LRB- at least on my Sony DVD players -RRB- - but it 's not that bad.What blew me away was the incredible transfer quality . I could not believe how sharp and colorful the show looked . Excellent job with the print , as the image quality looked just like that found on the Simpsons , South Park , Futurama , Family Guy volumes . In addition , I could not believe how great the audio sounded . Absolutely no noise.Regarding the audio , I was so pleased to see that all of the songs that originally aired are on this set . Clone High has such an incredible selection of songs that I was pleased to see that they were retained . Dashboard Confessional , The Get Up Kids , Saves the Day , Taking Back Sunday , Hot Rod Circuit , The Anniversary , Alkaline Trio - this show is an emo-lovers dream ! Also , it 's worth addressing the longer intro song . Having read about this change , I was prepared to hear it at the beginning of each episode - but I did n't realize how much I 'd miss the piano version on Episode 10 . Clone High has such a great theme song , and I missed this variation . However , a quick search on the internet will show that numerous sites have an mp3 of this song.Overall , this was an excellent packaging . I did miss not having any liner notes or some sort of insert in the DVD case - just think how great it would have been to include a retrospective , sketches , etc. . Oh well . I do n't think anything short of a second season will ever satisfy Clone High fans - but I think this release is pretty great .
 MTV ran this show for a while , but for whatever reason , stopped playing it altogether . This show should 've never been pulled from their lineup . It 's one of my top 5 animated series ' of all time !
 Not only does this show brilliantly satirize those treacly teen dramas , it 's genuinely better than them at their own game . I think I was more interested in the Abe/Joan angle than I ever have been in any comparable `` will they/won ' t they '' dynamic from serious shows . Too bad the resolution is lost along with season two . Oh , well , maybe someday I 'll run into one of the writers at a bar or something . That notwithstanding , I highly recommend this show to anybody interested in pitch-perfect parody.Also , the `` Raisins '' episode . You 'll see .
 Clone High , without a question , stands with The Simpsons -LRB- and I am talking the ` prime years ' of The Simpsons-Seasons 4,5,6 -RRB- as one of the best animated shows of all-time . The show has some of the greatest characters ever and when they are paired with clever and original writing , you got a winner . Of course , MTV could n't see this because it did n't have an Osbourne or a Ashlee Simpson involved . Anyway , anyone that can buy this DVD , do so . It will not disappoint . Maybe we can pull a Family Guy and get it back on the air . Great show .
 I was so angry when MTV pulled this show off TV , it was one of their best animated shows ever . DAMN MTV !!! but thankfully someone found this television jewel and put it on DVD , so buy it now ...
 What an amazing and funny show , much like Arrested Development and Family Guy -LRB- just to name the obvious -RRB- it didnt make it . Family guy has rebounded . Clone High ended way to early to have a chance to do anything . Regardless , I really want to have these episodes at home to enjoy , it 's a fun way to see western adolescent culture roles intertwined with some of histories must influential and important people . Original and funny , pretty well Why it didnt have a chance .
 Possibly the most quotable show in history -LRB- and about history -RRB- . I came into Clone High a little late , I remember seeing the show on MTV at the time it was on -LRB- the no sleep episode -RRB- , but did n't really watch it all till about 6 months ago , when I discovered most of the 13 episodes could be seen on youtube for free.That said , after seeing 3 episodes on youtube , I immediately bought the DVD . This is an awesome show , its wacky , immediately funny , and subversive all at the same time . It literally has something for everyone . There 's immediate , stupid humor , historical humor , stuff thats much more subversive , parodies of everything from teen dramas to looney tunes to Benny Hill to Christmas specials and beyond.Its a shame that this show was shut down because it apparently offended Indians due to its portrayal of Ghandi . I can understand why Indians would n't like the Ghandi character , but seriously , they make a point several times of saying that its a CLONE of Ghandi . Oh well , pick a less iconic historical figure next time , I guess -LRB- though no one complained about `` Hesus Christo '' -RRB- . But the writing , seriously . SO good . These guys knew how to take a joke to its breaking point . They would run things about two beats further than they should , and it would end up super funny . Family Guy could learn a few things from this show.That said , I 'm actually not sure how they would 've worked a 2nd season . Over the course of 13 episodes , they had slowly driven the episodes so over the top -LRB- example
 Best investment I 've ever made . Watch it over and over and is still funny - just like ` Friends ' . Though sadly there 's only one season of Clone High :-LRB- Precious it is .
 I have never met a person that did n't think this show was absolutely hilarious . I 've watched the series several times and it still makes me laugh out loud . Show it family , show it friends , it will make your life better , as though it were some miracle infomercial product , except Clone High works , like Oxy-Clean .
 If you know this show that is probably why you are here and do n't need me to tell you how good it is . If you are new then buy it ! It is fun and never slows down . Unfortunately there is only one season .
 This was my favorite show when I was in 8th Grade , I quoted it all the time . So I was thrilled to find a DVD available now so I can see how it holds up now that I 'm an adult.The show is even better than it was when I was a kid , or should I say that my understanding of the jokes are better . It went from being my favorite show then to my favorite cartoon now.I wo n't bore you with a plot summary , you can find that online anywhere , and other reviews have given you the gist of it . I will say that it 's a fantastic parody of the teen dramas of the time it was released so if you did n't grow up with those shows then this show might be lossed on you . However , the cleverness of it is for everyone . Some jokes are definitely gone with the days -LRB- Bubba Sparxxx references and a whole episode devoted to a member of O-Town -RRB- , but overall anyone who enjoys -LSB- adult swim -RSB- will find themselves angry that this show is discontinued and not on there .
 This is the funniest cartoon I have ever seen ! Not for children , but adults will love this zany show . You will want to watch it over and over .
 This is the best animated series ever . I found it originally on Youtube and fell in love with it . I 'm so pissed that it 's cancelled . The show is a comedy blendin slapstick and paroding teen dramas . the cast itself is enough to make you laugh . the DVD is in great condition by it and maybe just maybe the show will come back .
 Hilarious . Hilarious . Hilarious . Too bad it was only one season , but it features a bunch of incredibly hilarious people
 Loved this show eight years ago , still loving it now . It is very tongue in cheek , literally and figuratively . I ca n't decide if my favorite episode is `` Litter Kills '' or `` Makeover , Makeover , Makeover
 DVD made it quickly and in good shape . So glad to be able to watch this show again .
 This show was on when I was 19 and a soph in college . I only remember watching 3 episodes , The first one , The extreme blue one , and the ghandi has ADD , but I thought it was one of the funniest shows I have ever seen . Since I purchased the DVD 's , I have shown it to my friends who all think it is great . Worth every penny.Now if we could just get the first 2 seasons of Sifl and Olly on DVD , that would be AMAZING .
 Great product . I was just so happy to find it . Thanks for getting it to me fast .
 very happy to be able to purchase this discontinued series in A - ! shape!great transaction again !!
 This is a beautiful and breathtaking video . Scenery was out of this world and I am extremely glad I bought it
 The film it self is interesting and not very well done to normal standards , but who said David Bowie was normal anyways . He is quite odd and his music is a breakthrough in rock and roll music , because he has his own unique style that inspired many , including Roxy Music , Talking Heads , Alice Cooper , Elton John , Nine Inch Nails and even Marylin Manson and much more . This live concert is pure rock and roll and it rocks the house all night long , I was more in it for the music after I knew what I was in for . Its also great for background music while doing other things , like any other live concert video is for , because even I ca n't sit there watching the crowd flicker for over an hour like watching a good movie , so I just sit back and enjoy the music , because thats what its all about , the music ! David Bowie rocks live and the Spiders were spectacular . This was their last performance together and it is very moving to watch the end and the crowds reaction when he says this is their last show . Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars might have left , but Bowie still remains till this day . Great concert dvd from a even more great artist !! Also check out Song Remains the Same -LRB- Zeppelin -RRB- , Live at Pompeii -LRB- Floyd -RRB- , Pulse -LRB- Floyd -RRB- and Gimmee Shelter -LRB- Rolling Stones -RRB- , and basically any other live concert by bands you love , because its awesome seeing them perform live , seeing them in action in front of thousands . In the words of Neil Young , Hey hey my my , rock and roll will never die !
 Okay , before I start , let me tell you what kind of person I am . I absolutely worship David Bowie and have tapes I use to record every scrap of Bowie footage I can find on VH1 specials and the like . Naturally , I was thrilled to see this . The video was indeed a tad dark and blurry and the audio was worse -LRB- although it 's a lot better on the DVD version than the VHS -RRB- , but I did n't buy it for the songs . I know these songs , heard them a million times . It was the visual I was after , and I have seen * much * worse . I was mystified that anyone could have not watched it all the way through . I could n't possibly have turned it off . Basically , I recommend this for anyone who is in love with Bowie , but not for very casual fans . But who would want to see concert footage of someone they 're only mildly interested in , anyway ?
 Famously , but incorrectly , touted as Ziggy Stardust 's `` retirement gig '' this legendary concert was recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon on 3rd July 1973 -LRB- it was actually after the 1980 Floor Show , on 20th October the same year that Ziggy bowed out -RRB- . In common with the Sex Pistols 100 club gig , if everybody who claims to have been there actually was , then there must have been 100,000 in attendance.By no means well recorded - it 's taken 30 years of mixing to get `` right '' , and in my opinion the drum sound is now even worse - it remains the definitive live Bowie recording . The Spiders were a wonderfully tight band and just the right side of messy . For those of us lucky enough to have heard the original recording , with Ronson 's guitar overpowering everything , including , occasionally , Bowie 's voice , this is a bit of a letdown . However , Bowie 's voice is wonderful , with an effortless clarity that 's missing from subsequent live recordings such as DAVID LIVE and STAGE.The video is by Pennebaker , famous for his Dylan fly on the wall documentary `` Do n't Look back '' . Shaky camera work , and out of focus zooms , more often than not result in Bowie looking like a grainy red blob amid a sea of blackness . However , in my opinion this actually adds to the mysterious aura that Bowie built around Ziggy . It looks like the film had to be pushed quite hard to get anything out of it at all - this could possibly be the first grunge video ! The Odeon looks like a huge , heaving cavern . It 's a million miles away from the polished Glass Spider and all the better for it . Considering the state of the original print I was dubious as to whether it could be improved for this DVD release . It could n't . Previously unreleased additions include the complete `` Width Of A Circle '' , some between song banter , and commentary by Pennebaker and Visconti . Unfortunately the additions are not what fans have waited 30 years for . Disgracefully , The Jean Genie/Love Me Do , on which Jeff Beck joined the Spiders onstage to play guitar is STILL missing . Whether this is down to a royalty dispute or Beck 's embarrassment of his glam rags , I do n't care , but the omission seriously undermines this release . It was , in many an opinion , the highlight of the show.Until the complete show is released , Bowie Fans will continue to feel short changed . Come on Mr Beck - sort it out !
 This full package is just what you 'd think it 'd be - no surprises . It 's done well . The picture is probably as good as it can get - being digitally mastered from 16MM film -LRB- which is not at all a favorite of mine -RRB- . Sixteen Millimeter film tends to look grainy and blurry and it 's shame now that this legendary musical performance did n't have a higher budget.The sound of the DVD is clear and strong . The best part for me was the commentary soundtrack by Tony Visconti and the director which is insightful ; I learned a lot.The DVD also comes with a fold-up poster and mini booklet . It 's a nice package for fans . I still claim that David Bowie 's best LP is `` The Rise & Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars '' of 1972 . He hit his peak early on , but the surprising thing is how he managed to maintain a vibrant , and always fascinating creative impulse for many years afterwards . Whereas most artists would have disappeared after Ziggy 's pinnacle , Bowie quickly kept us thinking , and rethinking the whole while.In my opinion , this is David at his peak . See a truly historic Rock & Roll moment , captured on film forever , and now remastered on DVD for your home collection .
 Not being too picky about sound and picture quality , I found no fault with this film . Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars put on an incredible show , from the outrageous costumes -LRB- I love it ! -RRB- to Bowie 's bizarre mime act and moving renditions of songs such as `` Rock 'N Roll Suicide '' and `` Changes . '' The interaction between the band and the audience was wonderful , and made all the more special by the fact that it was the Spiders ' last tour . This is the next best thing to being there for any Bowie fans who missed it the first time around !
 In this day of `` Will and Grace , '' where homoerotic humor has made it to prime time , some people might find it difficult to remember just how tight the closet still was in 1973 . As his sparkling-intense `` Ziggy Stardust '' alter ego , David Bowie did n't just sing songs about outer-space , he was FROM outer space as far as mainstream society was concerned.The magic of this concert is multi-fold . There is the poignancy of its being the last show . The musical mastery that came from a long tour of live playing . Then there is David himself , who as Ziggy Stardust is the embodiment of true freedom and liberation ; who emanates the full sphere of his being as both a masculine and feminine individual in one body.Even today there are places in America where a man in makeup risks being beaten to death with rocks . In 1973 there were a lot more of those places ; this film captures the full brilliance and courage of of David Bowie 's talent as a counterweight to the `` normal '' of his time , which all too often was nothing more than a thin veil of civilization over a lurking , violent ignorance .
 While this DVD was obviously filmed in the early 1970s with the picture quality to match at times , the genius of David Bowie shines through . As adults too young to remember or have seen Ziggy Stardust , it was an amazing look at the time period . The sound quality is suprisingly good , although some camera angles are distracting at times . It was also neat to hear Bowie 's pronouncement of `` This is our last tour ever . '' Little did he know ... This DVD is worth every penny . Rock on .
 I admit that I consider Bowie one of the coolest creatures that ever lived . Maybe my review is biased , but ... Forget about the cinematography which , at times , is horrific . If your interest in David Bowie goes beyond Labyrinth , this movie is essential . It 's versions of Moonage Daydream , and Width of a Circle are even better than the studio tracks . Besides this , the movie gives you a much stronger sense of Ziggy 's persona than the album might .
 I think you 're missing the point if you view this as a `` concert '' film . This movie is a time capsule ; it is a relic from the past . It 's a train wreck that you just ca n't stop looking at . David Bowie is unearthly ... he seems to glow from within and I could n't take my eyes off of him . He could be so ugly and threatening and then so unbelievable humane , transitioning from song to song . He was so compelling at this stage in his career as this junkie-that-fell-to-Earth with the fantastic songs . What happened ? Is it the same thing that happens to all of us as we age and accumulate responsibilities ? We used to think nothing of this epic , beautiful oddness but now it looks somewhat pathetic and it makes me a little bit sad . This movie captured a fragile moment in time and I am so glad that it 's here to share with the upcoming generation of music and culture students . I hope they can appreciate it .
 The film is simply a spellbinding time capsule that will suck you into an infectious world that is shallow yet powerfully emotional . If you were never a freak who dressed for rocky horror or put on make-up to go out to a rock show or dreamed of a backstage pass , then the ziggy film will help you to understand why those of us kids who were lost , took immediately to glamourous images that offered excitement , a sense of belonging , acceptance , and yes -- even hope . The muddy sound is perfect . I loved the days when concert sound techs restled with the innappropriate accoustics of concrete floors , steel and glass , and uncontrollable echoes off the walls . Bowie and band gives us smoky caberet , slamming tunes , fawny glances , glamorous posturing ... in short -- A SHOW . If anybody knows of anybody still offering this kind of entertainment today , then please tell me . I have n't seen it since the original LA band London fell ...
 I just recently received this video , and I must say , I have been swept away by this wonderful display of our own David Bowie as his alter ego , Ziggy Stardust . Since I 'm only 14 , I had no clue what the 70s were like , but this video gives me a pretty good idea . I do n't know what everyone is complaining about with the sound
 I have to chuckle at the perfectionists that diss this DVD because of the video quality . Folks , it was filmed in 1973 ! Nothing was as technically good then as it is now . And the style of filming IS dated , I agree . But take this for what it is - the ONLY film document of one of the major moments in rock history - Bowie performing with the original Spiders From Mars as his gender-bending Ziggy Stardust persona . Add the fact that it is maybe the only recorded document of Mick Ronson live , and what more could you want ?! -LRB- OK , I 'm a guitarist , and Ronson is one of my guitar heroes , and so I guess I am biased -RRB- . But really - what an incredible performance ! Bowie and Ronson - it just does n't get much better than that ...
 I gave this to my husband for our 25th Wedding Anniversary ! He was thrilled beyond belief . He has watched this over and over . This is his favorite gift I gave him . The music brings back fond memories .
 I watched this in the Cineteca a few years ago , now I am really happy with the dvd release . The last Ziggy concert with the spider , must seen if you like Bowie .
 This is it , folks . This is the stuff that made a million kids totter on the edge of depravity . Traditional values were shaken AND stirred as the `` Leper Messiah '' took the stage and sang his songs of darkness and dispair . The thing was , that even if you deeply wanted to hate Bowie and his show ; the music was so freakin ' GOOD , that most of us could n't hate it , and found ourselves asking for more . .
 Take a tour in the world of Ziggy Stardust and make a trip back to Mars with Ziggy 's Spiders . David Bowie is one of the most famous pop stars in the world dated back already in the 1960 's . The Motion Picture DVD taped and recorded at Ziggy 's tour in 1970 's takes us back to the music era of that time . Great songs such as Moonage Daydream , Time , Watch That Man , and many many others will entertain you at your home theater the most easiest way , on a DVD movie . I 'd like to recommend David Bowie 's music CD 's , like Aladdin Sane and Ziggy Stardust , in addition to this motion picture .
 Bowie 's alter-ego is truely one of the most inventive creations in rock and roll history . With his flamboyant outfits and dramatic stage presence , Bowie truely transformed rock . This video gives viewers the experience of seeing when rock and roll was drastically changed from just a form of entertainment to a form of artistic expression . Despite the fact that the sound quality is somewhat amateur , it does get better as the concert proceeds . For those too young to have been there , -LRB- including me , being 17 -RRB- it gives them a glimpse of what rock and roll has lost over the years , a creative spirit and a fascination for the unexplored .
 I must agree with all the other reviewers who say the sound quality and the amaturism of the video is poor ... but for me it was a glimpse of the brillance of David Bowie at his best . His voice was incredible back then . And the songs are even better . I 'm only 13 ... but I do recommend it to everyone interested in rock music !
 The master of Glam rock , David Bowie proves why he is a great musician in this film . Recorded in 1973 at the height of glam rocks popularity , Ziggy Stardust is a legendary performance.With Woody Woodmansey on drums , Trevor Bolder on bass , and the late great mighty Mick Ronson on lead , this is a must have film for rock fans to have in their dvd collection . ROCK ON DAVE !!! .
 The film is simply a spellbinding time capsule that will suck you into an infectious world that is shallow yet powerfully emotional . If you were never a freak who dressed for rocky horror or put on make-up to go out to a rock show or dreamed of a backstage pass , then the ziggy film will help you to understand why those of us kids who were lost , took immediately to glamourous images that offered excitement , a sense of belonging , acceptance , and yes -- even hope . The muddy sound is perfect . I loved the days when concert sound techs restled with the innappropriate accoustics of concrete floors , steel and glass , and uncontrollable echoes off the walls . Bowie and band gives us smoky caberet , slamming tunes , fawny glances , glamorous posturing ... in short -- A SHOW . If anybody knows of anybody still offering this kind of entertainment today , then please tell me . I have n't seen it since the original LA band London fell ...
 `` Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars '' takes us back to the height of the Glam Rock movement with David Bowie at his most outrageous in his Ziggy persona . This 1973 concert was filmed in London in what proved to be Bowie 's last performance as the king of androgynous rock and roll . All of the songs you want to hear are on this one -- `` Space Oddity , '' `` Changes , '' `` All the Young Dudes , '' `` Suffragette City '' -- and whatever the limitations of the film and its transfer to DVD , there is something to be said for seeing Bowie do these songs instead of just hearing them on CD . Of course , when he was dolled up as Ziggy Stardust , that was exactly the point . If you have ever enjoyed Bowie , then you want to at least give this film the once over .
 For years the concert film `` Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders FromMars '' was infamous for its grainy visual look and absolutelyabysmal sound mix , which was particularly bad on the first foursongs . Which was a shame , since the concert was clearly excellent , featuring Bowie at an early performing peak with his `` Ziggy '' concept . Now , at last , with this 2003 rereleasethe film has been given a just sound remix by DA Pennebaker , whoexplains why the sound had always been so bad on previousreleases in the accompanying booklet.The difference between the old and new versions is literally night and day . Now the sound is spectacularly loud and clear , in 5.1 surround -- I never knew it would * ever * sound this good.This increases one 's appreciation of the concert 500 % , and shows The Spiders From Mars to have been a great backing group , with Ronson of course a particular delight on his solos for classics like `` Moonage Daydream '' and `` Width Of A Circle '' . The entirefilm is an homage to the glory days of glam-rock , when fanatical UK audiences would dress up in the glittery makeup and outfits of their rock idols and act out each line of the songwith them ; the audience is truly a sensational thing to beholdin this film , as they seem completely mesmerized , almost as if they were under hypnosis -LRB- on the other hand , Angie Bowie 's briefcameo at the beginning shows her to have been a supremelysuperficial , self-serving and annoying presence ! -RRB- . Every song is a classic , with some like `` All The Young Dudes '' , `` My Death '' and `` White Light/White Heat '' that never made it onto a Bowie studio album , and others like the climactic `` Width Of A Circle '' that were greatly expanded . Bowie 's androgynous outer-space image -- replete with lightning-quick costume changes and some lurid interplay between himselfand Ronson -LRB- kneeling and licking the guitar during a solo , and so forth -RRB- was a phenomenon at the time and still pretty legendary , although in actuality the spectacle was relativelymodest compared to the concurrent antics of Alice Cooper orGabriel-era Genesis . But it is the audience which probably lingers on the most after every viewing -- the like of which has never been seen since.The film also comes with a bonus poster , although personally I would 've taken it without , at a lower price .
 This is one cool but dated video . It contains some of the only video of Mick Ronson , deceased , available . It also chronicles the Ziggy Stardust tour which was huge for Bowie in his cross dressing era . It 's really good if you excuse the fact it was shot with less than top of the line gear . It still gives the vibe and I do recommend it to anyone who loves Bowie during this time . This is really some of his best work in a time when many people did n't know what to make of him.Get it , set back , and wonder .
 I think you 're missing the point if you view this as a `` concert '' film . This movie is a time capsule ; it is a relic from the past . It 's a train wreck that you just ca n't stop looking at . David Bowie is unearthly ... he seems to glow from within and I could n't take my eyes off of him . He could be so ugly and threatening and then so unbelievable humane , transitioning from song to song . He was so compelling at this stage in his career as this junkie-that-fell-to-Earth with the fantastic songs . What happened ? Is it the same thing that happens to all of us as we age and accumulate responsibilities ? We used to think nothing of this epic , beautiful oddness but now it looks somewhat pathetic and it makes me a little bit sad . This movie captured a fragile moment in time and I am so glad that it 's here to share with the upcoming generation of music and culture students . I hope they can appreciate it .
 Despite very shoddy concert footage , this video is a terrific documentary of what it would be like to be in the audience at a David Bowie concert in the early 1970 's . Bowie is excellent as he sings all the tunes that made Ziggy famous and then some . It is also fun to see Bowie not at all taking his personal seriously and interacting with an audience that is completely turned on by the androgynus Ziggy Stardust . This is a must have for all Bowie fans out there . And if you think the title of my review makes no sense . Just watch the video and then you 'll understand .
 For anyone who is n't a fan of Bowie , this video would probably be boring , obscure , and pointless . However , for the Bowie fanatic who was n't around to see Ziggy Stardust in concert , it offers a chance to see him in action , along with a few minutes of backstage footage . At 91 minutes long , this film captivated me , but seeing as how I 'm 15 and obsessed with Bowie , I do n't know how well my opinion would reflect on the general population . At any rate , I loved it .
 First of all , the film source they had to work with was n't that good , so my expectations were guarded . My old laserdisc showed a great performance with horrible audio and video . The DVD restoration of the video is a considerable improvement over the laserdisc , but the audio improvement is incredible . At least you can listen to it now . When somebody re-releases something and I already have the laserdisc pressing , I have to justify buying the DVD . The uncompressed PCM of the laserdisc is often better than the DVD 's audio even though the picture might be better -LRB- and that 's not always to be assumed -RRB- . I bought the DVD used for $ 16 from one of my favorite stores -LRB- after running back home first to read the mixed Amazon reviews -RRB- . I 'm pleased with my decision to buy this . My only audio complaint is that Mick Ronson 's guitar is a bit to dominant in the mix , competing with Bowie 's voice . Having said that , I 've always appreciated the performance documented here . As a side note , the best restoration I 've ever seen from a 70s concert film is the 2-dvd Ledzeppelin compilation . That is my new gold standard . Enjoy .
 A great representation of the era of glam rock as created by Bowie . Overlighted , fuzzy images create an aura of the days of raw punk music whose power has endured long after it was created . The sound is pretty good considering the recording prowess of the seventies . A necessary addition to your video music catalog .
 One of my favorite concert films . Bowie and the Spiders are one fire . Costume changes , rabid fans and unbridled rock , are all captured here in one concert , It is a must see for any rock fan !
 I loved this DVD . Bowie 's energy on-stage is great and he is a daring , theatrical , artistic performer . Plus , the songs sound great and his costumes are works of art -LRB- nevermind a few of them make you want to cringe -RRB- . Mick Ronson is an annoying presence with neverending guitar solos - thank god for fast-forward . I 'd recommend this DVD for serious Bowie fans only . If you do n't love him , then well , he kind of looks like a freak , and this video wo n't change that impression . If you 're a fan already , and particularly of the 70s songs in the vein of Cracked Actor , Width of a Circle , etc , then it 's worth watching .
 If you like all that pre-grunge grunge dressed up in outlandish costumes and enough make-up to cause Angela Bowie blush , you 'll David and the Spiders ripping their way through their hits and a couple of covers including Mott the Hoople 's `` All the Young Dudes '' and Lou Reed 's `` White Light , White Heat . `` Grungy and gaudy before either were cool !
 Probably the best concertmovie of all time . you ca n't explain this in words , you got ta see it !
 This 1973 concert film directed by D.A. Pennebaker -LRB- Monterey Pop , Jimi Plays Monterey , Depeche Mode 101 , etc. -RRB- documenting the final show of Ziggy Stardust -LRB- David Bowie -RRB- & the Spiders from Mars -LRB- Mick Ronson , Trevor Bolder , & Mick `` Woody '' Woodmansey -RRB- provides a rare glimpse into Bowie 's glam rock period . It is a loud & flashy assault on the senses that is experienced through both `` sound '' & `` vision '' . Film footage mostly consists of the performance , but also included are back stage scenes of Bowie changing from one costume to another.Songs performed :1 -RRB- Hang on to yourself2 -RRB- Ziggy Stardust3 -RRB- Watch that man4 -RRB- Medley
 Some reviewers here have complained that this -LRB- the DVD version -RRB- looks and sounds like trash . But since I like Bowie I bought it anyhow , expecting something no better than a bootleg . Well , I 've seen plenty of bootlegs and this is nowhere near that poor . In fact , it 's AMAZING . Yes , the sound quality is n't the best , but it 's perfectly listenable . And , yes , the camerawork is a bit spasmodic and grainy , but that only adds to the gritty mood . Glam rock is SUPPOSED to be a bit trashy . If you want sleek , overproduced Bowie , then look elsewhere . But if you want Bowie at his best , then you ca n't miss this one . Watching this concert film you enter a ZONE and do n't leave it till the end . This is Bowie at his best . Every now and then , Bowie flashes a killer smile , and that 's because he knows he 's onto something good . The music is some of the best rock ever recorded . The atmosphere is electric . Throughout the concert , Bowie is in THE ZONE , the audience is in THE ZONE -- and , if you do n't expect polished concert footage , you will be , too .
 It 's 1973 , in Hammersmith , London . Platformed teenagers in bell bottoms with blue hair and moons painted on their faces gather in civilised lines outside the converted cinema for what was a truly great concert . Although glam rock was far from the only teen movement in London at the time , this film makes it seem the most important . The first section of the film , and that with the clearest images , focuses on the fans outside the Hammersmith Odeon and Ziggy in the dressing room . Once the Spiders from Mars and Ziggy arrive on stage the atmosphere is electric . Some might miss the stereo of modern recordings , but the inferior sound quality somehow adds to the drama of the moment ... for those who are eager to witness such a concert . Then there are the theatrics of Ziggy on stage - something never since emulated to the same degree . The concert is a seminal event both for Bowie 's development as a performer , for glam rock -LRB- and then punk -RRB- as a movement , and for today 's fans who only wish they had been there . If you have invested in a DVD player , then this film should definitely not be your first purchase . As other reviews testify , the picture and sound quality is poor ; but then there are modern Bowie concerts with higher production values available . If you are keen to see what Ziggy was really like , however , it is well worth the money . Listen to the albums on your CD player , watch the modern concerts on your DVD player and watch this for the sheer spectacle . If you love Bowie and crave a closer view of his most acclaimed period , this is invaluable .
 I recommend that you read the booklet that comes with this DVD . It documents the events leading up to the filming of Ziggy Stardust
 I was knocked out of my socks when I first watched this film - and the thrill is hardly less whenever I watch it again . If David Bowie/Ziggy Stardust do n't rub you the right way , you 'll hate this movie , but if they 're in your bag it should be a real treat.David / Ziggy is singing with the full force of his voice throughout , which you do n't get to experience on the ZS album , making these versions of the songs some of my favourites . The filming style is absolutely perfect as well
 . . and I emphasize 70 's . I was compelled to write after seeing complaints on red lights and guitar solos , which ALMOST convinced me not to get this great documentary on the ONLY time you will see David Bowie as his most famous alter ego , Ziggy Stardust.Folks , as a casual listener . . and lover of old school Bowie music , I have to say this concert is definitely something to see and not a disappointment.From the backstage conversations to the insatiable energy Mr. Bowie gave off onstage . David Bowie gives you your money 's worth . . It bothers me though , the mentioning of Mick Ronson 's long solo performances -LSB- Note : truly a gifted guitar player . . and inspired me to want to play guitar -RSB- . To explain , the REASON for such solos is to give Bowie a chance to CHANGE costumes in-between , a practice that Pop and R&B ; singers do to THIS day , besides if it DOES bother you , there is a ` Fast Forward ' button.Also , the red lighting used gives Bowie 's Ziggy Stardust look a TRUE alien feel . It works perfectly , plus you can still see the man 's face , besides they have other lighting too ... if anyone is curious . Plus you have to remember it was the seventies , not the 2000 's ... and the strobe lighting is n't really noticed at all , if you 're focused on the performance and it 's only used 3 times -LSB- ? -RSB- . Finally , as for the focus on the fans , I do n't know of any video director who has NOT shown fans in the audience , but it does n't really take away from the performances , besides this concert DVD is about David Bowie , not the audience.Above all , if you like vintage classics or better yet watched classic concert videos on VH1 classics channel . Then you will have an inkling on what to expect.Believe me , if this is what you want to get , then go for it . But like I said it was the seventies and the technology back then was n't as advanced as it is now , so once you keep that in mind , just kick back and ENJOY!SP777 -LRB- repost/edit from April 14 , 2004 -RRB-
 . . and I emphasize 70 's . I was compelled to write sfter seeing complaints on red lights and guitar solos , which ALMOST convinced me not to get this great documentary on the ONLY time you will see David Bowie as his most famous alter ago , Ziggy Stardust.Folks , as a casual listener . . and lover of old school Bowie music , I have to say this concert is definitely something to see and not a diappointment.From the backstage conversations to the insatiable energy Mr. Bowie gave off onsatage . David Bowie gives you your money 's worth . . It bothers me though , the mentioning of Mick Ronson 's long solo performances -LSB- Note : truly a gifted guitar player . . and inspired me to want to play guitar -RSB- . To explain , the REASON for such solos is to give Bowie a chance to CHANGE costumes in-between , a practice that pop and R&B ; singers do to THIS day , besides if it DOES bother you , there is a ` Fast Forward ' button.Also , the red lighting used gives Bowie 's Ziggy Stardust look a TRUE alien feel . It works perfectly , plus you can still see the man 's face , besides they have other lighting too ... if anyone is curious . Plus you have to remember this IS the seventies , not the 2000 's ... Finally , as for the focus on the fans , I do n't know of anyone who has NOT shown fans in the audience , but it does n't really take away from the performances , besides this concert DVD is about David Bowie , not the audience.Above all , if you like vintage classics or better yet watched classic concert videos on VH1 classics channel . Then you will have an inkling on what to expect.Believe me , if this is what you want to get then go for it . But like I said this is the seventies and once you keep that in mind , just kick back and ENJOY ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have this on both DVD and video and there is n't that much difference . DVD you can skip the guitar solos though and get back to David ... or pause perfectly . If you do buy a DVD though , make sure you do n't have the surround sound on . It sounds much much better when it 's just flat together . Although this is n't a concert like you 'd see today , it 's still entertaining , definitely a classic . Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders just go together . I 've got friends that do n't know Bowie , but do know Ziggy Stardust . This is a great band , wonderful character , wonderful songs , it all comes together despite the picture quality . You can definitely just put it on and watch it , or work on something and just listen to it . It is worth the buy , especially if you love David Bowie .
 . . and I emphasize 70 's . I was compelled to write after seeing complaints on red lights and guitar solos , which ALMOST convinced me not to get this great documentary on the ONLY time you will see David Bowie as his most famous alter ego , Ziggy Stardust.Folks , as a casual listener . . and lover of old school Bowie music , I have to say this concert is definitely something to see and not a disappointment.From the backstage conversations to the insatiable energy Mr. Bowie gave off onstage . David Bowie gives you your money 's worth . . It bothers me though , the mentioning of Mick Ronson 's long solo performances -LSB- Note : truly a gifted guitar player . . and inspired me to want to play guitar -RSB- . To explain , the REASON for such solos is to give Bowie a chance to CHANGE costumes in-between , a practice that Pop and R&B ; singers do to THIS day , besides if it DOES bother you , there is a ` Fast Forward ' button.Also , the red lighting used gives Bowie 's Ziggy Stardust look a TRUE alien feel . It works perfectly , plus you can still see the man 's face , besides they have other lighting too ... if anyone is curious . Plus you have to remember this IS the seventies , not the 2000 's ... and the strobe lighting is n't really noticed at all , if you 're focused on the performance and it 's only used 3 times -LSB- ? -RSB- . Finally , as for the focus on the fans , I do n't know of any video director who has NOT shown fans in the audience , but it does n't really take away from the performances , besides this concert DVD is about David Bowie , not the audience.Above all , if you like vintage classics or better yet watched classic concert videos on VH1 classics channel . Then you will have an inkling on what to expect.Believe me , if this is what you want to get then go for it . But like I said this is the seventies and once you keep that in mind , just kick back and ENJOY !
 Of course , this is a classic concert and whatever quality it encompasses should be forgiven . But what 's to forgive ? First , the sound has been remastered and really is a major improvement over the previous film . It really was the `` Spiders '' last concert and needs to be seen as that , in a historical perspective . The cinematography is , well ... less grainy , but the camera is still bouncing quite a bit . You ca n't have everything ! If you are a purist and just can not stand an imperfect film , then take a pass . Otherwise , this is a great collection of fifteen songs from `` Hunky Dory '' and `` Ziggy Stardust ... '' -LRB- plus some -RRB- presented at the height of glam rock when glam rock really mattered . In that respect , not many others than Bowie really did .
 Clearness of the quality of being great in sound and with improved image . I have Ziggy Stardust &#34; The Motion Picture &#34; on VHS , and compaired it to the DVD which I noticed the picture is clearer on it . And being a long time David Bowie fan this is one of his greastest shows he preformed .
 This is a wonderful documentary capturing Bowie at his absolute prime musically and creatively . The sound is excellent throughout all the performances . My only complaint is that the limitations of the 16MM film and the lenses they used severely hampered the quality of the images that were captured on stage . Quite often the lenses had issues processing the extreme colors and intensity of the lighting , so what you end up seeing is totally blown out and diffused or even out of focus . Too bad . It would be nice to see them take a better pass at restoration and release this on Bluray . Overall I would recommend for any serious Bowie fan as the music is just too good to pass up . The surround mix is fantastic , clear with a good amount of punch . Worth it just to hear the soundtrack -LRB- which I already owned on CD -RRB- in 5.1 .
 Great vid for lovers of Bowie . But this is iconic stuff . Standard material for folks interested or lovers of the form
 I am thrilled with the visual , and the sound quality . Captures a great moment in Bowie 's development as an artist . Bowie is absolutely fabulous !
 Yes , I know this DVD has gotten a bad rap . The sound does n't have a lot of bottom and the film is grainy . But , it is what it is and just be glad that this concert exists because it shows Bowie at the height of his creativity . I know of no other concert of Ziggy & The Spiders ... I wish there was a crystal clear one out there . But , even with the flaws this is a timepiece that is priceless . A true artist at the top of his game . And Mick Ronson 's guitar work is amazing . This is a piece or rock n ' roll history that we 're lucky to have at all !
 Well , I just came back from watching the new release of the film -LRB- It 's curretly playing at `` The Film Forum '' , a small NYC theatre that appeals to film buffs -RRB- . Its been supposedly re-mixed in Digital Dolby . I do have to say , it did sound different to me , and in fact much clearer than I remember , especially durring the first few songs -LRB- which people seem to complain about the most -RRB- . Very enjoyable actually . Camerawork was still the same , but then I never minded it.Also of note , Moonage Daydream -LRB- my fav song from the film -RRB- sounded very different . No echos durring the choruses -LRB- `` Keep your electric eye on me Babe . . babe . . babe . . babe ... '' -RRB- . Just not their at all . And the `` voices '' after the second chorus when Bowie and Mick do their little strut towards the back of the stage and then back to the front also were gone -LRB- or maybe much more subdued -RRB- . Have to say I like the song better with those extras that I was used to before , but now it sounds much more like the version he does in the live `` Santa Monica 72 '' album.Anyway , its a great show . This was pretty extravagant for concerts back then . I love it myself , but I can see why people would complain about its quality if they 're used to MTV.This review is for the 2002 theatrical release of the movie .
 This tape is the only record of Bowie with the Spiders from Mars . It is the next best thing to being there in spite of its unpolished state . There are some sound problems during the first two songs , and it looks more like a home movie than a concert tape . Still , for those of us who were n't there -- and for those of us who were -- it is a real treat ! Bowie , though constantly changing and ever innovative , has never again quite captured the energy and charisma or the raw , edgy , yet refined perfection that he had while with the Spiders . Enjoy !
 David Bowie is a myth . A myth in the cinema and in music . He systematically played on sexual roles and he tried to look like a woman and yet be a man . This concert in Hammersmith in London shows this choice rather well in the way he dresses , he has his face made-up and he behaves on stage . The backstage scenes are not really interesting and the sequences on the audience are plainly uninteresting . The latter concentrates on girls and women as if David Bowie was a model to them
 This is a must for any true Bowie fan , even though the lighting is a bit dark in some places , it 's a pure joy to watch this wonderful man perform . Delightful and full of energy , David Bowie is truly one of a kind . And of course , there 's all the wonderful songs to enjoy as well . If you love David Bowie , you will love this video . For people like me who did n't get a chance to see him back then , the experience is priceless , and for those who were lucky enough to discover him when he was first starting out , I 'm sure this is a wonderful memory revisited .
 Although I was alrady a deep fan during the Rubber Band era - Ziggy 's arrival on this planet was perfectly timed for this adolescent boy in the early 70 's . He was other wordly , asexual and mesmerizing . I listened to his music for hours on end on head phones , in dark rooms with incense burning and full of herb . Ziggy became my vision of my own personal divinity . This film , though the technical quality is low -LRB- what do you expect for the time ? -RRB- captures that Ziggy who changed my life forever . I have watched this film over a hundred times in my life , and it never ever tires me.Check out my newest Thriller - Bound By Birth - by Randall R Wheeler -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I collect music performance DVD 's , and this one rates right up there with some of the best . The video viewing quality is adequate . The show itself is fun to watch , a great concert , nostalgic . I found myself comparing Mick Ronson 's style , technical ability , and guitar flash , to todays performers , and how things have changed and evolved . There are some hilights , songs like Meenage Daydream , worth the price of admission . If your a Bowie Fan , its a must , otherwise still a good one to own .
 I admit to the fact that the camera work is not ALL that wonderful . But you have to consider how difficult it is to film at a live concert in the dark . At some points , the camera does shake and it becomes hard to see Ziggy . However , the music ROCKS ! And it is definitely worth buying ! I watch it ALL THE TIME !
 any true fan of rock will watch this movie more than any other rock concert on video.ziggy is a god and will never die .
 yes this video is bad quality but it is great to see bowie and the spiders in their final concert , bad quality or not . I 'm only 16 and obviously never had the privilidge of seeing them live so this is a great opportunity . I believe the Ziggy era was the most fascinating and exciting , adrogyny is the only way to go !
 david bowie has to be one of the best performers of all time - he has such a great stage presence and great vocal delivery - and then there is all the sparkle and glam that would make him a legend of the era . . It is so nice to have this concert footage of the legend - ziggy stardust . . Great set of songs includes the Mott the Hopple Bowie penned hit - all the young dudes . .
 an electrifying performance that includes the wonderful zaniness of the seventies as experienced through the mind and music of one of its foremost innovators.This is true edginess , before the days of corporate driven rock.This is cutting edge work from poets , musicians and filmmakers who risked alot to do the work they knew mattered.An obvious classic thirty something years on ...
 The Mirage tour came at a time when the Mac members were pursuing solo careers , and finding it hard to get back into the classic Mac mood after the draining Tusk tour . Some solo careers were more successful than others however , naming no names ... . The video features a large selection of Lindsey Buckingham songs , a fair amount of Christine McVie songs , and a pitiful three Stevie Nicks contributions . The music in some cases is very raw and wild , like a classic rock concert where the musicians are just playing what they want in any way they want , which is great , but Buckingham 's ` Not That Funny ' is about 10 minutes long , consisting of him dancing and playing fairly pathetic guitar , which makes the video a bit like . . ` OK , let 's fast forward this bit , and this bit , and this bit ' , until you get to a ` proper song ' , like ` Blue Letter ' , ` You Make Loving Fun ' , and the moving and incredibly powerful performance of the Tusk album gem ` Sisters of the Moon . ' It is interesting to see Fleetwood Mac perform at this point of self expression through solo careers , particularly Buckingham , who seemed to want to stay in his garage instead of playing with the Mac . Besides the slightly strained moments , this video is worth buying if you have some spare money about , as it captures a point of Mac history where creativity was at a peak , as well as some of the feelings between band members . The set list is unusual , which is very refreshing these days amidst just the old well known numbers which can get extremely tiresome . Buy this if you want to hear songs you did n't think had been performed , like ` Sisters of the Moon ' , ` Eyes of the world ' and ` Blue Letter ' .
 This is a great performance by the one and only Babatunde Olatunji ! If you are familiar with his music , you are probably a fan . Many of his well known tunes are performed live on this DVD . I gave it four stars instead of five due to the fact that there seems to be a manufacturing defect on many copies of this disc . I ordered it three times from two different sellers and each time I had to return it due to a disc defect .
 The power of the drum is here chronicled in a New Year 's Eve performance with the Grateful Dead . Babatune gifted the West and the world with African drumming traditions that continue to resonate .
 Amazing ! McKellan 's performance is inspired - the best I 've seen on the screen in years . Redgrave is equally superb as the housekeeper . Fraser , who 's easy to dismiss as a hunk of beefcake -LRB- momma ! -RRB- , more than holds his own . I loved the period flavor -LRB- cars , clothes , etc. -RRB- . Story line was strong and plausible and kept you hungering for the next scene . As soon as the price comes down , this one goes into my permanent collection . BRAVO !
 Although I had some reservations about the movie , due to the whole Homosexual theme , I soon put aside all differences , and truly enjoyed the movie . It was extremily touching , and the ending was sad but sweet . I liked how Clay was able to put aside his somewhat unenjoyable relationship with James Whale , and remember him fondly for many years afterward.The issue that the movie deals with , has been something of a controversal subject for many years , and I enjoyed how Bill Condon was able to portray this problem senstively and emotionally . A terrific drama for not only Brendan Fraser fans , but also for those that only ever wanted to find love and acceptence .
 its a good movie that tells about a gay director . it got a good cast . homo erotic scenes and good plot . also if u like brendon fraser in a towel and almost see is his cock .
 There 's an odd litle remark overheard at the funeral of late costume designer extraordinaire Edith Head , Miss Bette Davis was heard to have said `` Hollywood has lost another Great Queen '' - great -LSB- albeit controlled -RSB- consternation followed , until one blade realised that Miss Davis was eulogizing Miss Head ... cut!SAY what they will about the late James Whale , 't was a nasty little village back then - same applies today . -LSB- Film Pioneer , and inspiration for Tennessee Williams , Alla Nazimova is another example . -RSB- This superb reflection in the golden hues of Tinseltown stays long after the final credits have rolled . Absolute Award winning performances by Ian McKellen -LSB- James Whale -RSB- , Lynn Redgrave -LSB- unrecognisable as the trusty maid Hanna - she does this unforgettable `` thing '' with eggs ! -RSB- and Brendan Fraser as `` much more than just a pretty thing '' . Based on Christopher Bram 's `` Father of Frankenstein '' we visit Mr. Whale late in life , somewhere between the `` 40 and death '' range , caught in between his haunted worlds . It 's a very disturbing and moving experience , another `` killing of a Unicorn '' by its mates . The Hollywood buddy system is very unsympathetically betrayed , but then what 's new?Would love to see a release of Mr. Whales 1937 `` The Road Back '' -LSB- the anti-nazi vehicle , `` canned '' by the studio -RSB- . He also gave us the definitive `` Showboat '' -LSB- 1936 -RSB- with glorious Irene Dunne.This movie reminds one oddly of `` Spirit of the Beehive '' also `` The Loved One '' - both well worth watching .
 I rented this movie because a friend of mine had wanted to see it . . i personally had no interest even though i am a huge fan of Frank Whale . . from the opening credits right up to the final cast list , i was enthralled and captured . . never have i seen a movie that casts a light on a real person as gods and monsters did . . i have not read the book yet , but i would like to . . anyone who has not seen this movie should rush out and at least rent it . . you will not be dissappointed . .
 The DVD has one of the best director 's and actor 's comments I have ever seen on a DVD.McLellan 's performance is beyond positive description -LRB- did I spell his name right ? -RRB- .
 Ian McKellen and Brendan Fraser at their best . A superb movie that really demonstrates what the movie medium is all about .
 This is a truely amazing work . Performances were stunning , storyline was tender and cohesive . The whole movie was nearly hypnotic in its presentation . There were so many levels to this movie that one can explore . One should watch this delicions creation over and over and over ...
 This move is absolutley wonderful ... really explores the lives of many people in today 's society . One of those movies that just kinda makes you sit back and then when you are finished watching it !
 I must echo some sentiments in saying that Ian McKellen was robbed of the Oscar by a hyperactive goof . He broke my heart in his portrayal of James Whale , and not in an emotionally manipulative way . Brendan Fraser was incredible as always , and Lynn Redgrave cracked me up . This movie was ingenious , and if you liked it , definitely read `` Father of Frankenstein . ''
 This film is a reconstruction of director James Whale 's last days and thoughts . It is taken from Christopher Bram 's speculative novel , `` The Father of Frankenstein '' . Most famous for the two original films about the creation of life -LRB- seen as ` monsters ' -RRB- , Whale was found floating in his swimming pool . Officially called a suicide , the circumstances were questionable . Whale was gay in a time when Hollywood , at its most image-conscious and hypocritical , shunned any association with a lifestyle that suffused the industry . `` Gods and Monsters '' is a sensitive and substantial portrait of two men . Jim , played with elegance , poignancy , and humor by Ian McKellan , has had a stroke and is suffering the indignities of impaired functions and mental state . It is anathema for the formerly vigorous and humorous man to contemplate a future of declining health and increasing dependence . Jim befriends his hunky gardener , Clay Boone . Brendan Fraser is outstanding , as well as sweet and desireable , in the role . The roughly handsome young man models for Jim , preferably shirtless , and they talk . Lonely individualists with secret heartaches , the two men form an intimate , affectionate , and combative bond . Whale wistfully and painfully remembers , in haunting flashbacks , his youth , career , and tragic love for a young soldier in the ghastly trenches of WWI -LRB- learning first-hand the ` gallows ' humor he brought to his films -RRB- . These memories become increasingly mixed up with his relationship to Clay , who he begins to confuse with his ` monster ' . The younger man , with honor and compassion , sticks by Whale till the end , and remembers his friend in a touching epilogue . This is a loving tribute to a man who contributed to , profited from , and was ultimately `` killed '' by a heartless studio system .
 `` Gods and Monsters , '' directed by Bill Condon , is an excellent drama with some fine performances . Condon write the screenplay , which was based on Christopher Bram 's novel `` Father of Frankenstein . '' The film is a fictionalized account of the latter days in the life of James Whale , the gay filmmaker who directed such classics as `` Frankenstein '' and `` Bride of Frankenstein . `` As Whale -LRB- played by Ian McKellen -RRB- copes with a degenerative brain condition , he strikes up a friendship with his heterosexual yard worker -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- . Condon deftly blends together scenes from this relationship with Whale 's memories of World War I , recreations of behind-the-scenes action on the set of `` Bride of Frankenstein , '' and other images from Whale 's increasingly tormented mind.McKellen is superb in his challenging role
 I went into watching this film expecting to see nothing more than some Oscar caliber acting . It 's not that I 'm not a fan of the biopic , quite the opposite indeed , but I remember when this film was released and I remember having no desire to see it whatsoever . I broke down last week and said `` what the heck '' and watched it , beginning to end , and I have to say that I was utterly impressed by just about every aspect of this film . I was n't privy to the life of famed Frankenstein director James Whale previous to watching this film , in fact the only part of his life I was aware of was his open homosexuality . What I was n't aware of was his constant pains of loneliness and despair . The film so richly helps us to see that James only craved company , really nothing more than that.Ian McKellen probably gives his most superb performance here with his portrayal of the ailing Whale . His every movement is so intricate and well thought out that you forget your watching an actor . He was completely confidant and convincing in every way and well deserved that Oscar nod , and arguably the Oscar -LRB- I 'm still on the Edward Norton bandwagon myself -RRB- . The film explores the last days of Whale 's life , as he becomes infatuated with his new gardener Clay Boone -LRB- Played by Brendan Fraser in a performance filled with talent I feel he lacks -RRB- while yet drifting further from his grip on reality . As Whale 's condition worsens he is plagued by flashbacks that have horrible effects on his mental state causing him to hallucinate and making his relationships with others somewhat unstable . The tragic conclusion to the film involving the events leading up to Whale 's suicide are completely engrossing and touching as they expose this man for who he really was , sad , alone and desperate.Lyn Redgrave does a wonderful job as Whale 's long time housekeeper Hanna , giving the movie a sarcastic somewhat comedic edge , and Fraser , as I mentioned , played his part so wonderfully I was shocked I was watching that guy from the Mummy movies . He actually gave an Oscar caliber performance indeed . But , through and through , this is McKellen 's movie and his finest hour indeed . Directed brilliantly by Bill Condon and masterfully adapted from Christopher Bram 's novel ` Father of Frankenstein ' , ` Gods and Monsters ' thrives with authenticity and affection in everything from the set pieces to the flash backs to the words left unspoken in the eyes of the actors . This is a truly moving picture that says so much about a man of whom I knew so little .
 To be sure , there are a few clunky moments in `` Gods and Monsters , '' a pretty low budget piece of historical fiction about the final days of Hollywood 's legendary director of horror , James Whale . The clunky moments usually have Brendan Fraser in them . He 's the new `` yard man , '' Clayton Boone , at James Whale 's estate , and he agrees to pose for Whale , played to a phosphorescent brilliance by Ian McKellen , because Whale tells Boone that his face has a remarkable architecture ! Sure . It 's McKellen at his horny old codger best.While Boone poses , Whale reminisces about everything from the trench Warfare of WWI where he was an officer to the days on the set of `` Frankenstein '' and `` Bride of Frakenstein . '' He includes tidbits about other Hollywood directors of the 1930 's , particularly George Cukor and his wild Sunday pool parties to which only men where invited . Whale had been open about his homosexuality , and it 's hinted that his openness may have been his undoing in hypocritical `` Tinsel Town . '' The yard boy only `` gets '' Whale 's sexual orientation when the loyal housemaid of twenty years tells Boon , `` Mr. Whale is a bugger . '' Oh , says Boon , an ex-Marine
 This is truly a work of beauty ... I can only say that I wish I was homosexual . . for I would instantly try to court Sir Ian for a lunch date ... His acting has no equal ... I do n't know what it is ... and of course , there are many great actors out there ... but ... to witness his Macbeth . . his Dussander ... his Gandalf ... his James Whale ... Sir Ian truly is sitting on top of the world ... he has made a lasting and beautiful contribution to the world with his art ... and his inner poetry that comes through onto the screen ... how could anyone . . man , woman , child , young , or old . . not fall in love with him ... the person who shares his bed rubs feet with the Gods ... he is a man to wonder at ... and to shake his hand ... would probably be fun . `` Love dead , hate living . ''
 I ca n't go on & on in quadruple paragraphs like some reviewers do , but I can say that this movie touched me & brought tears to my eyes several times . Ian McKellan is just wonderful . The scene where he talks about the loss of his friend in WWI is so moving . The ending is bittersweet ... you felt that the Brendan Fraser character would never know such a friendship again .
 This had to be one of the best movies of 1998 and one that holds up well after many viewings . Based on the novel by Christopher Braum , FATHER OF FRANKENSTEIN , and directed by Bill Condon -LRB- winner of an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay -RRB- , GODS AND MONSTERS is the fictionalized account of the last days of James Whale -- `` Mr. Jimmy '' to his doting houskeeper played brilliantly by Lynn Redgrave -- who made the original FRANKENSTEIN and other Hollywood movies . Although the plot is rather thin at times , the acting is superb . Ian McKellen as the ailing but still dapper Whale has not lost his eye for attractive men and is still handsome in his silks , wools and tweeds . Brendan Fraser as the yard man gets so into his role that you can almost smell his sweat ; but Lynn Redgrave as the housekeeper is simply wonderful . She is totally in character -- just watch her at any given moment -- and should have won an Oscar for this performance instead of another fine British actress Judi Dench who won that year for Best Supporting Actress . With another director and other , lesser actors , this film could have degenerated into another tasteless story of a sad , aging homosexual . But it did not . It is rife with both humor and pathos . Mr. Whale 's meeting with Princess Margaret -- with his yardman in tow -- is hilarious , for example , while the flashbacks into his love for a World War I comrade are the stuff that tragedy is made of.This is a really very fine movie .
 What could be more engaging than a film about Hollywood made by people who have an inside track ? This is precisely what makes Gods and Monsters such an exquisite film . There are many levels which will appeal to different people . People looking for a good story will find one superbly crafted . Those looking for industry jokes will find them as well , cleverly hidden behind the storyline . It 's also a love story of sorts
 This movie drew me in on every level . As a film buff , it was a magical experience to see the portrayal of a legendary director , his actors and films . As a gay man , I identified with the story of theme of Whale 's sexuality ; McKellen 's compelling performance is surely the main reason to see this film . And as a human being , I was moved by the tragedy and irony . Gods and Monsters is a wonderful , dramatic , emotional experience bolstered by its visual beauty -- the final image of Whale is not easily forgotten .
 This movie had such a small arthouse distribution when it was in the theater you 'd never guess it is the gem that it is . And it is a gem.The movie combines many great cinematic elements
 Truly worthwhile viewing . Superbly written and acted portrait-of-the-artist as both manipulator and victim . McKellan is a wonder -- swinging from lechery to tristesse almost within the same frame . And Fraser is his match , playing an apparently simple hunk with unexpected depth and sensitivity . This is a film that is in turn melancholy , funny , wicked , and finally , uplifting . Pounce .
 If you 've enjoyed the old classic Universal Studio films of Frankenstein and The Bride of Frankenstein , you will especially enjoy this feature , since it is basically a story about the last days of the creative genius and the director of those films , James Whale.The story of Gods and Monsters generally revolves around an emotionally traumatized and physically ailing movie director -LRB- majestically played by Ian McKellan -RRB- , his attraction to his new gardener -LRB- played by Brendan Fraser -RRB- , and the resulting emotionally intense and tumultous relationship that follows . In this movie , Brendan Fraser gives one of his better acting perfomances . Ironically , Fraser 's overall physique and head shape are some very striking physical features which happen to resemble Whale 's Frankenstein monster . Lynn Redgrave -LRB- who you can barely recognize in her part -RRB- is cast as James Whale 's annoyingly moralizing yet concerned caretaker -LRB- and she 's just as annoying as the caretaker in the original Bride of Frankenstein -RRB- Initially , this movie is slow moving but it is no doubt , a thought and affect provoking film that provides some interesting and intriguing insights into man 's fears , and the nature of intimacy , loneliness , love and human nature in general . By portraying Whale 's experiences , Gods and Monsters also provides some excellent insights into Whale 's movie themes and brings you behind the curtain into the Hollywood movie culture.The bright and vivid colors of the cinematography of this film are an ironic contrast to Whale 's old B&W ; horror movies and to his themes which generally involved the ` darker ' or more ` taboo ' sides of human nature and emotion.This is a cerebral drama . Gods and Monsters is a movie about genuine relationships rich in emotion and affect . It 's likely to trigger your own strong emotional response . Beware !
 Ian McKellen is a god ! He was able to act in a way that made his character -LRB- James Whale -RRB- funny , tragic , vulnerable and alluring all at the same time ! Brendan Fraser was great too ! Yo be honest , I was surprised that he was able to play his conflicted character -LRB- Clayton Boone -RRB- so well after seeing him in all those silly-stupid movies he 's done like George of the Jungle and Blast From the Past .
 This film achieves to the fullest extent what it set out to do ; To present a portrait of a man during the final stages of his life , and all which that implies . The man in question is no other than legendary Hollywood director , James Whale , who his most famous for doing FRANKENSTEIN . But the film is never really just about James Whale . We do n't meet Whale the director , we meet Whale the person , and as I was watching the film I continously thought to myself that this could be any person ; We 're watching a man who knows that his time here on earth is nearly up , and not a film that just tries to give a biographical account of James Whale 's life . The man in question just happens to be James Whale.A problem with biographical films is that they 're often too much in awe of the person they depict . GODS AND MONSTERS never attempts to glorify James Whale . We see him through his pros and cons ; Clearly he was a genious at what he did and that ca n't be denied , but he was also at times very selfish and brute , and Bill Condon -LRB- the director of the film -RRB- does n't censor these aspects of Whale 's character . Again this brings out the person in James Whale and not the director.Sir Ian McKellen is brilliant ! He stars as the now retired James Whale , who is living out his final years at his estate , far from the buzzing life of Hollywood . In his house he resides with a small crew of servants , most notably an old housekeeper -LRB- Lynn Redgrave gives a great performance -RRB- and a newly hired young and handsome gardener , Clayton Boon -LRB- Brendan Frasier -RRB- . James Whale was one of the few celebrities at that time that was openly homosexual , and the film focuses on the relationship between Whale and Boone.Bill Condon has also taken extensive use of the flashback-technique , to show how the past has a way of catching up with an old man.GODS AND MONSTERS is such a tremendous achievement that any attempt at describing it with words seems to fall short . I * loved * this film . It 's one of those few films where you stop thinking of photography and directing and music and lighting and editing , and all that , and instead just immerse yourself in the film . It 's a fantastic feeling when that happens ! When film becomes escapism . I 'll end my review by saying this ; GODS AND MONSTERS is a must see !
 His Jimmy Whale lingers on long after the final fade-out . I do n't think I 'll ever forget him . Certain impressions stand out especially . Bright little Jimmy sold into factory servitude by his ignorant parents . Young man Jimmy scarred forever by the horrors of WWI trench warfare . He tells Clay -LRB- Fraser is his perfect foil -RRB- the story of his handsome young friend whose dead body got caught on the barbed wire of no-man 's land and hung there grotesquely for weeks , months until , rather than go mad at the sight , Jimmy and his comrades made jokes about it . His background for horror was all too legitimate.McKellen 's performance is so nuanced and delicate he can project the gamut of emotions from classic tragedy to high comedy with no more than a wry half smile , the tilt of his head , a look of nostalgic regret . He is an actor without peer past , present , and in all likelihood future.That gentle , deeply felt films like this can still be made and find an audience bodes well for the world . Congratulations and thanks to everyone involved in this magical production .
 As another reviewer said , this is a haunting movie ... it 's hard to stop thinking about it.Ian McKellen , Brendan Fraser , & Lynn Redgrave are all sublime.The main storyline is about the unusual friendship that develops between the heterosexual younger man and the homosexual older man.This is one of those movies where you become involved with the characters , and you feel the emotions that they are feeling.My emotions ran the gamut from laughter , to tears , with a few in between , mostly tears.I highly recommend this movie , but make sure to have Kleenex handy .
 Gods and Monsters takes us into both gay worlds
 Gods and Monsters has everything a really satisfying moving should have
 This is definitely a movie about a subject quite taboo in its respective 1950 's timeframe , homosexuality . It explores this subject with long secluded and retired `` Frankenstein '' director , James Whale . In the process , he also tries to come to terms with his life.I thoroughly enjoyed the acting in this film , especially that of Lynn Redgrave who portrayed James Whale 's doting and cynical housekeeper , Hannah . Everytime she appeared on the screen , I had to laugh , even before she uttered a word . This portrayal is one of the finest low keyed comic performances I 've ever seen.I was equally impressed with Ian McKellan 's performance as well . As he decays and his perception of reality withers away , you feel an awesome pity for this man . This makes the ending almost a relief.Brendan Fraser is your basic Californian young `` dude '' . His performance is very typical of that , but I suppose he fit the part well . You can see the immaturity of his acting in relation to that of his veteran costars . His prime role I think was to be a beautiful inspiration to the man obsessed with him , James Whale . Its far from a romance , but this makes you pity the old director even more .
 The 1998 film `` Gods and Monsters '' is a thought-provoking film that speculates on the final days of an early Hollywood film director named James Whale -LRB- 1889-1957 -RRB- , who had directed two classic Hollywood monster films
 Without a doubt , those who appreciate fine , character-driven films will find much to like in Bill Condon 's 1988 critically acclaimed biopic on legendary horror director James Whale . Ian McKellen delivers his finest performance to date as the charming , charismatic director whose best days are behind him along with Lynn Redgrave as the doting maid and Brendan Fraser as a young gardener who strikes up a quick and quirky friendship with Whale . The beauty of this film lies in its narrow scope with its very small palette of locations and supporting characters , giving the film a very intimate feel in the close confines of the three major players along with the subtlety of their interaction.On the disc itself all you 'll get is a poorly transferred trailer and a ho-hum 30 minute featurette that offers little in the way of further value . Also disappointing is the lack of a proper Dolby 5.1 audio track - all you 'll get on this shiny disc is a paltry 2.0 mono job .
 Gods and Monsters is a work of fiction based on fact . James Whale was a great director at Universal that created the horror genre and most remembered for his films Frankenstein , Bride of Frankenstein , The Invisible Man and Show Boat with Irene Dunne . And he was openly gay.Ian McKellan plays Whale and Lynn Redgrave his devoted servant Hannah . In the film , they have added a character of Boone -LRB- Brenden Frasier -RRB- . Boone is a gardener and cuts the lawn at Whale 's estate . Boone also represents an alter ego of the Frankenstein monster -LRB- including a hair cut that resembles a flat top . -RRB- The film takes place during the final years of Whale 's life . He has had a couple of minor strokes that disrupts his thought filters . Therefore , little things make is mind wander to other times . The film floats from the present to Whale 's childhood to the filming of Bride of Frankenstein.Whale becomes infatuated with Boone , not sexually but as the personification of the his creature . He starts by drawing them , then he befriends him . Boone can not understand this platonic relationship but accepts it . The film ends with Whale 's drowning death.Ian McKellan and Lynn Redgrave give master classes in acting and both received Oscar nomination - both should have won . Brendan Frasier continues his dichotomy of performances , wonderful nuanced performance like this followed by mind numbing drivel -LRB- which , I guess , pays the bills . -RRB- DVD EXTRAS : Director CommentaryThe World of Gods and Monsters - A very well made 30 minute making of documentary featuring cast , director and guest commentary by director Clive Barker .
 This is an excellent film that vividly portrays the plight of many elder men in the gay community . The director-of-yesteryear character was played with Oscar-caliber acting -LRB- Ian was nominated -RRB- . He plays the tormented director who remembers the lavish parties and the numerous young pretty boys who sought his attention , primarily due to his prestige in the film-making industry . As he lost this prestige , so did he misplace the affections of these pretty boys , until Fraser -LRB- the landscaper -RRB- is viewed at a distance and is seduced . Out of pity or respect , Fraser gives the ultimate gift of himself , but the sadness and hunger of the director takes advantage of the offer . An excellent portrait of a bridge between hetero - and homo-sexual urges . Fraser should have been nominated as well in this film . It is a drama to be viewed hopefully by those outside of the gay community as well as the younger members of the community caught up in the club-scene . It provides a reminder , to be kind to your elders and looks and prestige last only so long . What goes around , truly comes back .
 Ian McKellen , together maybe with Patrick Stewart and Christopher Plummer are today 's equivalents to yesteryear 's Laurence Olivier , John Gielgud and Richard Burton.Especially here , in `` Gods and Monsters '' , a tale based on the last few years in James Whale 's life -LRB- legendary director of both `` Frankenstein '' , 1931 and `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' , 1935 -RRB- , in the mid fifties.This is a very stylish told story . It has everything . Elegance , tragedy and comedy , all tied closely together to form an admirable tapestry of a man 's story at the end of his career and life.Brendan Fraser delivers a low-key performance , worth watching , especially when compared to his work in the Mummy series.Lynn Redgrave , is as always , mistress of her skills and gives a superb performance with an appropriate Danish accent , as the Governess of this odd household.Even the theme regarding Whale 's latent/rampant homosexuality is kept at a discreet and elegant distance . Never too blatant , nor vulgar , but rather stylishly knit into a very coherent story.It 's a kind of a Mephisto 's waltz performed by an aging Faustus-like figure , in search for a self-redeeming auto-destruction , which eventually will see itself fulfilled , but not the way the hero of our story expects.In the key words to this movie there are definitions to gay DVD , gay movie or gay romance . It is far from that.This movie has absolutely nothing of a gay movie , nor has it anything to do with being directed at gay people.This work has far more style than this alone . It deals with an old man 's conflict , who may be a bit of a dandy , when it comes to `` boys '' , but who also genuinely expresses feelings of true tenderness and love , sentiments that today may be unknown to some , even in the so-called heterosexual community , but who are very real and alive in every true human being , be he a woman , a man , or as in this case , a homosexual.What is explored in this picture , is far more the `` soul '' of the matter , and not just the plain physical aspects of it , although elements of this also briefly appear , but always with a sense of style and never just to shock the audience.It is a movie for mature , and thinking audiences , not for those seeking a self-gratifying moment or a sexually oriented one.The DVD has a very good film transfer , sharp and clean , as well as a very well balanced sound included.It is well worth the money , if one is interested in good actor 's performances and in a well told story.I can only recommend it . You have the final saying in this ...
 Gods and Monsters is a modern masterpiece , and definitely one of my favorite films of all times . Gods and Monsters tells a fictional account of the last few weeks of acclaimed , openly gay , director James Whale 's -LRB- Ian McKellan -RRB- life , centering around his friendship with his yardman , Clayton Boone -LRB- Brendan Frasier -RRB- and his maid , Hanna -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- . Though all around the performances are top notch , Redgrave stands out as the comic relief . The film is beautifully shot , which is represented well on the DVD through letterbox . Also included on the DVD is a short documentry entitled `` The World of Gods and Monsters
 Gods and Monsters ' is filmmaking at its best , depicting the final days of James Whale , a complex and complicated man , famous for directing the first two ` Frankenstein ' films , ` The Invisible Man ' , and the original movie version of ` Showboat . ' Exquisite performances are given by the great Sir Ian McKellen as Whale , who executes every nuance , every witticism , every emotion , with a perfection that is little short of incredible ; Lynn Redgrave as Hanna , Whale 's formidable but devoted housekeeper ; and Brendan Fraser , in a wonderfully humane acting turn as Clayton Boone , Whale 's hunky groundskeeper , who is unwittingly and inexorably drawn into Whale 's ever-increasingly confused and confusing world . Whale 's initial interest in Clay is sexually motivated , but the relationship becomes much more labyrinthine for both men than is originally bargained for . But the real ` stars ' of this movie are the direction -LRB- Bill Condon , who also wrote the screenplay -RRB- and the cinematography , producing visuals that are often haunting and infinitely memorable , especially during the flashback sequences and in the metaphorical `` monster '' scenes . One of my favorites is a scene in which Fraser gazes at his own reflection in a sink filled with water -- it 's a breathtakingly fragile image , shivery and shimmering and achingly delicate , and it seems to suggest at something much deeper and far-reaching within Clay himself . This is a film filled with such images and subtext -- dreamlike , poetic touches , superimposed within the structure of an otherwise ` conventional ' story . Superb .
 I finally watched this movie after having read many reviews on it and found it to be very good . I really loved learning about James Whale and his life , and having a look into his psyche . This movie has become one of my new favourites because of it 's portrayal of a gay man 's life not as simply a one-dimensional character , but as a whole person who just happened to be gay .
 The story and script , performances and sheer artistry of this unusual movie are superb . The subject matter , compelling to say the least , brings to vivid life James Whale during his final days , along with his housekeeper and the garden boy who serves as his model , and object of desire . The screenplay has that ring of truth and poetry rarely heard in movies today ; it is both fresh and classic . Lynn Redgrave is nearly unrecognizable , and brilliant , as the housekeeper ; Brendan Fraser does an amazingly sympathic job with a character who both grows internally and who grows on you ; and Ian McKellen is simply beautiful to watch in a glinting , fascinating performance that deserved an Oscar . Period scenic and costume details , along with well-crafted black/white images from Whale 's classic horror films add flavor , spice and a dream-like quality to this very human movie , which will remain in your mind long after the tape is over .
 I see a lot of movies . I see very few outstanding performances . `` Gods and Monsters '' is that rare combination of a good story , well-told and brilliantly acted by Ian McKellen.I was nailed to the couch during the entire video and plan to rent it again.It 's not light , air-head entertainment . It 's strong in subject and substance.For my money , McKellen has turned in one of the most astonishing performances of his -LRB- or any -RRB- career.Brendon Fraser will surprise you , too.I saw Judy Dench 's performances in both `` Mrs. Brown '' and `` Shakespeare in Love '' . She deserved the Oscar for `` Mrs. Brown '' . She did not deserve it for `` Shakespeare in Love '' . Perhaps too few Academy members actually saw Lynn Redgrave 's perfect portrayal of the loyal maid ... or perhaps Dench 's win was a kind of consolation prize for losing with `` Mrs. Brown '' . Whatever it was , the Academy made a big mistake ... huge mistake ... . Redgrave was hands down the most obvious choice for Best Supporting Actress this year and her in-nearly-every-scene certainly beats the devil out of Dench 's 8-9 minutes on film.When the price goes down , this movie will be on my shelf at home and it has already made my `` All-time Top Ten '' list ... it 's that good .
 As a society enamored of Hollywood we tend to focus most of our interest on the people who star in the movies . What these actors and actresses are up to keeps us constantly scanning the news shows , legitimate periodicals , and tabloids . Frequently , this fascination causes us to forget that someone was directing these movies . Only a small handful of Directors ever get the attention that we focus on the stars . This movie focuses on one.James Whale directed many movies but the two that put him on the map were Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein . This movie focuses on the last weeks of his life . Prior to the beginning of the movie he has had a stroke . While Whale has made a complete recovery physically the stroke has affected his brain . He is beginning to have flashbacks of his younger years and loves . Memories that he may be happier not remembering . We discover that Whale may have been hounded out of the elite of Hollywood over a sex scandal . You see , while it is acknowledged that there are homosexuals in Hollywood , it has always been something that people do n't want to have flaunted in front of them . Whale did n't care what people thought and seemed to have many wild parties at his house.Whale begins a strange relationship with a young gardener that has recently begun to work for him . The gardener , Clayton Boone , is a strapping young man who is searching for something in his life . The two 's relationship grows as each begins to find more of what they are missing from the other until the final explosive night.Ian McKellen is James Whale . Mainstream American audiences have n't seen much of McKellen over his long career . That will soon pass as McKellen has been signed as Magneto in the upcoming X-Men film . All who have seen him find McKellen to be a phenomenal actor and richly deserving of all the awards that have come his way . The surprise to some in this movie will be the man who plays Clayton Boone , Brendan Fraser . Mainstream audiences are used to Fraser in movies such as Encino Man and George of the Jungle . While exceedingly funny movies , they do n't show his acting ability to the fullest . This role does . Fraser is with McKellen step for step all the way through expressing surprise that this famous man wants to spend time with him and then coming to a greater understanding of himself.This is a very powerful movie . Some will not like it because of the blatant homosexual references throughout but to allay this fear it is for the most part not graphic in this depiction . The movie is well directed and the acting by all is wonderful !
 I purchased this movie because I am a huge Brendan Fraser fan , but the movie is so moving that I somewhat forgot that Brendan was in it and became so captivated in the story , that I ended up watching it again a second time . It is wonderfully acted ! I think it 's Brendan 's best work ever and Ian Mckellen is outstanding in this movie . For anyone looking for a movie that will move you and having you wanting friends and family to see it , this one will . It 's such a powerful drama . One that I will watch over and over . I 'm glad to have it in my Collection .
 What a movie . I was so tremendously moved by the characters , both haunted by their past , tortured by the present and yet still eager to experience , learn and enjoy life ... . an affirmation for living a life that 's full and making your mental baggage work for you . Loved it !
 The late director James Whale , horror master of `` Frankenstein '' and `` Bride of Frankenstein '' is portrayed brilliantly by the haunting Ian McKellen . His housekeeper Hanna is the best character in the movie played by Lynn Redgrave , who stole the show . Brendan Fraser also stars as Clayton Boone Whale 's gardener . The movie recieved great reviews and I must agree , This is one of the great films of the year and real story of one man 's times through and troubled time in Hollywood .
 Ian KcKellen has given an excellent performance about the loneliness and struggles of a gay man who realizes his mortality and approaching death . Brendan Fraser has given an equally powerul performance about a man who encounters what he seems to fear . He is sensitive and hurting within , yet he finds strength and comfort in McKellen 's character , who at some level he finds monstrous . A definite must to see !
 This film was , without a doubt , the most original , beautiful , artful films of the year . It contains touching , fully realized performances by three masters of the form . McKellen exhibits an unfathomable emotional range that is far beyond the capacity of any actor today . Fraser , who has been unfairly overlooked and underestimated in the past shows audiences that he possesses the depth , talent , confidence and versatility to be considered the best Hollywood has to offer . He gives me hope that the mold was not broken after the Cary Grants and Gary Coopers of an older and , dare I say better , Hollywood .
 One of the best films ever made , Gods and Monsters works on many levels . It presents the many roles men play -- gay/straight , husband/bachelor , parent/child , lover/monster , youth/elderly , whitecollar/bluecollar -- wrapped in a captivating story . Listen for the music ; it 's hauntingly beautiful .
 He gives a TERRIFIC performance as faded movie director James Whale -LRB- directed `` Frankenstein , '' `` Bride of Frankenstein '' and the 1936 `` Showboat '' , among others -RRB- - droll , witty , effeminate , intelligent . Instead of being turned off by his penchant for young boys , you felt sorry for him . Sir Ian was more worthy of the Best Actor Oscar than Benigni . Also excellent work by Lynne Redgrave and even Brendan Fraser . I would recommend this video to anyone !
 Good movie , especially if you enjoy the old Universal horror movies . Knew little about &#34; Frankenstein &#34; director James Whale , but movie gives much insight .
 After reading the other reviews , I just needed to add ... This movie goes beyond the superficial ... It 's about growing old , success and failure , what you did to get ahead , the struggles you had to overcome , how memories haunt , FRIENDSHIP , meeting people different than you ... The Dirty Old Man is not a pervert . He 's a human being.I love when the two characters are talking about Frankenstein and the Director asks , `` Did anybody laugh ? '' ... . People can be so dense . It 's just like those people writing negative reviews . They are so close-minded , they could never accept concepts like that ... that a horror film was meant to make you laugh . . And I do n't think every one gets the inside joke . The way you make yourself a GOD is to make someone else a MONSTER.All the monster wants is a friend.And the religious connotations that go along with this concept!I LOVE this movie .
 the nudity could have been left out ! It have had the exact impact without . Redgrave was absolutely wonderful ! Although I did not agreee with Ian McKellan 's Oscar nod , his performance was mediocre compared to Jim Carrey 's delightful performance in The Truman Show ! The discrete nudity was the only downfall of this well made and written film .
 A hollywood over the hill Gay Blade , with few flicks to his producer credits except -LRB- The Bride of Frankenstein -RRB- focuses in on a handsome man gardener , exit gardening , enter modeling -LRB- with clothes on -RRB- up the ladder to modeling -LRB- with clothes off -RRB- Advances spurred and rejected , queen to swimming pool , face down.Acting and filming fairly well done . Academy award quality-definity not . Interesting story ? Well its different ?
 This is a great movie . All at once , I saw that , yes , Brendan Fraser does deserve to be in a movie with McKellan and Redgrave . This movie is tender , beautiful , and crack-me-up funny -- all at the same time . The photography is excellent . Script -- wonderful . SEE THIS MOVIE !!!
 I showed this film to my sister and she could n't stop crying . Neither could I ! The passion shown between McKellen and Fraser 's characters make this film the most unique love story of the year . Bill Condon 's dialogue is superb , and is brought to life beautifully by these three actors -LRB- Lynn Redgrave being the third -RRB- who know how to carry a character piece . It 's reassuring to see a film about a gay man teaching a straight man about how to love himself and be comfortable living in the world . Universal 's DVD edition is gorgeous , with lots of helpful insights into the making of the film and a superb film-to-disc transfer .
 The world and cinema deserve more movies of this quality to witness than what is being produced today . Ian McKellen was easily the best actor of the year . His performance tore at the soul . Brendan Frazier turned a corner in his career to show a sensitive and sexual side . Lynn Redgrave gave a completely believeable and over-the-top performance . See this film and discover some emotions that you 've never felt .
 I purchased this DVD the other day and watched it over the weekend . I was glued to my seat during the entire time ! Ian McKellen was robbed of the Oscar . His performance was top notch all the way . Lynn Redgrave and Brendan Fraser both did excellent as well . The soundtrack is wonderful ... I 'll be purchasing that on CD as well . This movie as all the things in it that a movie should have , humor , drama , emotion and a cast that makes it seem like they actually lived their parts . I would recommend this movie to anyone .
 I was taken by this one throughout . A tribute to aging gracefully and with dignity while ill and anticipating , even inviting , death , the Whale story wants us to honestly confront our own monsters and shows how the truth should win out every time.Further , G&M is a deeply touching anti-war piece and a career and love story ; well-cast , well-acted , well-screenplayed . I 'd even go so far as to say this is a brilliant artwork/lifework .
 What else can i say . Ian played the character John Whale so utterly FANTASTIC that you come to believe that it is John Whale himself . The way Ian played confused and sorry , was brilliant . Never once did Ian say a line that was weak and unemotional , ever sound , letter , or syllable that came out of his mouth was full of LIFE , and that all people want to see , a real person on the screen , not an actor playing one . Ian deserved an Oscar award without a doubt , i guess i 'll have to see `` Life is Beautiful '' to see why he didnt .
 It 's difficult to take your eyes off of Ian McKellen with his intense , brilliant characterization of Frankenstein director James Whale . This movie delves deep into the life and times of James Whale who struggled with his sexuality , troubled past and his place in hollywood . Ironically , even though Whale rejected Hollywood for producing shoddy movies Gods and Monsters represents the best of Hollywood . Impassioned performances from Ian McKellen along with a solid script and directing make Gods and Monsters one of my favorite films of last year .
 Every now and then comes a movie that reminds you that entertainment can also be an intelligent emotional experience . This poignant story of loneliness and friendship has everything to go for it . Ian Mckellen 's performance is once again memorable and Brendon Fraser is at his best . Script , direction and dialogues are brilliantly handled by newcomer director Bill Condon . It should appeal to everyone because it is a movie about life and death , loneliness and friendship . The widescreen edition is remarkable .
 Excellent film . Beautifully written and acted . McKellen was robbed of an Oscar for his performance in this . He is both regal and heartbreaking . Frasier really surpised me as well . Given the opportunity , this guy can turn in a really great performance . Redgrave was good - but something seemed a little off with her . Otherwise it works beautifully as a character study , old hollywood tale and even a romance . Just great !
 I missed it at the movies and watched it on pay-per-view Directv . It is a movie that rates with the 20 top great films of all time ... why was this film overlooked by the public ? Beautiful , bone chilling , laugh out loud wonderful .
 A sexually upfront , retired film director who happened to be gay -LRB- Ian McKellen -RRB- . His tut-tutting Germanic housekeeper -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- . Their hostile , hunky ex-Marine lawnboy -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- . The characters are the stuff of stereotype but in this fine movie , based loosely on the last days of 1930s movie director James Whale -LRB- * Frankenstein * , * Bride of Frankenstein * , * Showboat * -RRB- , excellent writing and performances combine to make GODS AND MONSTERS a worthwhile if occasionally provocative film about the classic themes of love and death.It 's 1957 and the aging Whale , comfortably retired in L.A. , take a shine to the new lawnboy Clayton Boone -LRB- a fictional creation -RRB- and asks him to pose for a painting . The young man is reluctant at first but goes along for the easy work and ready money . Clay is -- let 's say -- pretty touchy about his virtue until Whale makes it clear the boy is in no danger from him . A curious platonic friendship emerges and grows based on mutual trust and respect -LRB- one small example
 Gods and Monsters is one of the best movies ever made . Truly entertaining and realistic . This is a great lesson on life and true to it . The incredible actors make the emotions and feelings come home . You will feel this movie . Excellent !
 GODS AND MONSTERS -LRB- 1998 -RRB- -- Sir Ian McKellen , Brendan Fraser , Lynn Redgrave , Lolita Davidovich , David Dukes , Kevin J. O'Conner . This film is based on Christopher Bram 's fictionalized novel about James Whale , the English director who made FRANKENSTEIN ; BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN ; THE OLD DARK HOUSE ; and THE INVISIBLE MAN , among other films . Although not a true biography of Whale , the film is historically accurate in many respects . We learn that Whale was born to poor , lower-class parents -LRB- a fact which deeply affected him as an adult -RRB- , that he served in WWI -LRB- the horror of which was something else that left an indelible mark on him -RRB- , that he began his career in the theater and had an enormous stage success with the play , `` Journey 's End '' , which resulted in his being summoned to Hollywood to direct films , and that he was openly homosexual at a time in Hollywood when doing so could be disastrous for one 's career -- his long-time `` companion '' was David Lewis , who had a successful career as a producer -- first at MGM , then at Warner Bros. -- among the films he produced/co-produced were
 To me , the best films are those whose essence remains with you long after you 've seen them . Chaplin , The Quiet American , and Gods and Monsters are dramatic films that remained with me long after the movie was over . After first seeing in in 1999 , it has remained in my mind as a dramatic film to which I compare all others . I find myself thinking , `` That performance or movie was ok , but it was n't as good as Gods and Monsters . ''
 How easily this story could have been sensationalized and cheapened , but instead , it was provocative without hardcore graphics and glamorous without the usual `` Hollywood Gay Man 's Abode '' surrounding a story . It was a visual , as well as dramatic delight from the start untill the last moments , as seen through the tears in my eyes.I will rewatch it often and I 'm sure I 'll see things in each viewing I may not have seen before .
 I have read the majority of customers reviews of this movie good and bad , and I would like to start by saying , take out the homosexual component of the movie . Every review centers on that aspect . If this had been between a man and a woman and the theme was identical , would it make it any better or worse . This is a human story , about lonliness and last days of life , not a happy topic I admit . If you remove the local and drop Ian and Brendan in any other setting and have them perform , it would still be an amazing movie . James Whale is handled with empathy by Sir Ian . Mr. Frazier shows he can act ... in fact this is the only movie in which he shows this and it is truly a shame . Who knew he ever had talent other than acting like an idiot . Hollywood has missed the boat with Mr. Frazier 's ability . The chemistry between the two men comes out of the screen . Yes , this movie is a bit slow , but this is not an action film , it is not meant to be . Not to be overlooked is Lynn Redgrave . She does play the character a bit over the top , but it creates a great balance to the bleakness in both male charcters lives . The final scene between Whale and Clay is nothing short of `` heart stopping '' , not because Frazier is naked , but because of the way it unfolds . The emotionals are raw and real ... and you feel it.This is one of my favorite films , superbly written , directed and acted . It is what film making should be , it should move you not always entertain you . So forget the gay aspect and view this as two people with lonely lives , shattered dreams and a need to end it all .
 I loved this movie ! I have seen it over and over again . All the actors were wonderful ! The only thing I did n't like was how it ended .
 Gods and Monsters is one incredible display of unsurpassed acting . Whow ! You can feel the emotion of loneliness , frustration and longing Ian displays from his character . lynn redgrave is brilliant . For me this is one of those videos once viewed will draw me back to watching it again . This DVD will make you a fan of Ian Mckellen if you are not already .
 It hardly seems like 11 years since Gods and Monsters was released . I had the opportunity to view it again just recently and I am happy to say that this film remains as rich and full as I had recalled it being . The performance by Sir Ian McKellan reminds us just how masterful he is as an actor , and Brendan Frasier gives a nuanced performance that is subtle and reflective and reminds one that much of the art of acting is listening and reacting . Lynne Redgrave spectacularly burst back onto the scene , giving a performance as Whale 's maid/friend/caretaker that is richly complex
 `` Gods and Monsters '' is not a film for everyone.The film does drag a bit , but the ending is worth the wait.I 've seen alot of Brenden Fraser 's work , and I think this is his best , but Ian Mckellen was brilliant in his Oscar nominated performance .
 At one point in `` Gods and Monsters , '' Ian McKellan 's character , James Whale , gestures to his head and remarks , `` The real monsters are up here . '' The film spends its entire creating a way of life around this observation , portraying the last days of the well-known film director in ways that evoke humor , touching emotion , and above all else , emotionally haunting reflection on one 's life.It 's a most unusual film , not completely a biopic , yet not entirely fictional ; it 's more of a speculation on his latter days , based on the novel `` Father of Frankenstein , '' written by Christopher Bram . The reality of Whale 's life , from his superior and delectable wit to the memories of war and Hollywood that delight and haunt him , is the basis of the novel and the film , as Whale relates them to a young gardener in whom he takes an emotional and physical interest.The story begins by introducing us to Whale 's way of life , from his slowly deteriorating health and mental state , to his luxurious home , where he lives with his maid , Hanna -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , who is caring yet keeps up a stern demeanor when it comes to his dealings in homosexuality . The presence of the new gardener , Clay Boone -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- , strikes a chord within Whale , who resumes his sketching by asking the young ex-Marine to pose for his drawing , offering a face-only clause as a way of quelling Clay 's obvious insecurities.The film 's own openness with the issues of sexuality effectively portrays the flamboyance of its main character , who apparently saw no shame in his ways despite the resentment of homosexuality in the 1950 's . The movie embodies this ignorance in Clay , who , at first , is unaware of his newfound friend 's orientation . Once he discovers the truth from Hanna , his discomfort becomes even more unstable , to the point where he storms out in a rage of fury over the old man 's excessive way with discomforting words . And yet , he returns to act as Whale 's model , intrigued by the heartwarming and heartbreaking stories he offers as he sketches.This is a most fragile and unsteady friendship , yet in spite of the discomfort that surrounds their bond , their is a certain degree of comfort to be found within it . This stems from director Bill Condon 's avoidance of character glorification
 I 'm a Chinese viewer living in Shanghai and I saw this film at the library of a nearby university . When I saw the film , I think it must be a classic or award-winning work because it has every element
 Anyone who rents this movie should put aside their homophobic fears ; Do n't pass this Oscar material film because of its sexual nature . Yes , there are quite a few scenes that may make the weak at heart flinch ! The real story or hidden message is not so much the gay attraction Whale has for Boone or the disgust Boone feels towards homosexuality . They both have a longing or yearning to have some type of normal male sibling companionship that they did not have with their own fathers ! Both characters had fathers who were tough and mentally abusive towards Boone and Whale . Boone 's father thought he was a weak coward for being discharged from the marines while Whale 's father -LRB- and mother -RRB- ridiculed his talent for drawing and placed him in a factory to work at a young age . This is the common ground that both men share . Also , Boone gives Whale a mental jolt or flashback everytime Whale sees him of his days past as a young man -LRB- rejuvenation -RRB- while Whale -LRB- whether intentional or not -RRB- shows Boone how to be almost a gentleman and not a knuckledragger without class . However , the true -LRB- non-sexual -RRB- hidden agenda Whale has in mind for Boone and himself is a real exciting twister ! The only downfall of the movie is that it is slow paced -LRB- for some reason most Oscar material is ; a thinking filmgoer 's movie -RRB- . Fraser deserves 5 stars for taking such a challenging role and losing the comical , big goofy guy role for a change . His young and fresh acting skills contrast with the other veteran actors for good intent and purpose to really add depth to the characters and story -LRB- his youthful persona contrasting with the seasoned and experienced -RRB- . With all this said and including the top notch performances by all the actors this dvd version receives 4 stars -LRB- bit of a slow movie , though -RRB- .
 This film is a very faithful adaptation of Christopher Bram 's excellent novel Father of Frankenstein -LRB- which is probably why it got the Oscar for Best Screenplay Adaptation -RRB- . Performances by Sir Ian McKellan , Lynne Redgrave and Brenden Fraser keep the action moving along at a fast but believable pace . When the film is done , the viewer feels quite rightly worn out from having run an emotional gamut . Sir Ian makes a splendid James Whale -- a man of dignity , talent and superb artistry in the process of losing his mental capabilities , and all too aware of the gradual deterioration of his mind . Does Whale or does he not have the right to direct his final grand exit ? That 's a question society still struggles with . I especially liked the way Fraser portrayed a `` straight '' , very virile male unabashedly publicly befriending a gay man -- something that gives plenty of `` straight '' males pause today . Vanessa Redgrave truly should have gotten the Best Supporting Actress Oscar , for which she was nominated for her work in this film . Her portrayal of the loyal but often disapproving housekeeper was flawless , superb and consistent . There is real power in McKellan 's portrayal of a man very at peace with himself as a successful person in an environment that was for the most part hostile to homosexuals -- claiming what was rightfully his against any existing odds . But you will take issue with the character 's assessment about where his personal rights begin and end , as he manipulates Clayton in a drama that the trusting gardener has no idea is being played out . At the end of the film you are at odds with yourself about Whale 's brillance and aplomb and good humor , which co-exists with his often callous and inconsiderate treatment of those closest to him . McKellan shines as a `` god '' and a `` monster '' rolled into one . Also , this movie is a terrific slice of life in Hollywood at its peak in the 1930 's and 40 's . This film lacks nothing that makes a movie great .
 I saw this movie because I really like Brendan Fraser . Whew . Now that that 's out of the way , I can say I absolutely loved the film for every other reason than Brendan Fraser -LRB- though the fact that he 's nearly nude is the reason I watched this in the first place -RRB- . Lynn Redgrave nearly steals the show every time she has a scene . What a wonderful actress . I sort of knew who Ian McKellen was , but wow ... what an astounding performance . I generally do n't get movies with too much emotional content because I like to read books for thought and watch movies to turn off my brain . This movie had me up all night thinking about it . The subtle -LRB- and not-so-subtle -RRB- references between the characters and the monsters , the intricate development of an unusual friendship , facing your own fears and prejudices . It was enthralling . After tossing and turning until 3 am , I went back out to the living room and watched it again . Then I concentrated on Brendan 's flawless body , and I was able to sleep easier .
 Gods and Monsters directed by Bill Condon and starring Ian McKellen , Brendan Fraser , and Lynn Redgrave is a film about the last days of director James Whale . While it is a fictional account of Whale 's last days it seems to based on fact.Whale is most famous for his direction of the films , Frankenstein , Bride of Frankenstein , and the 1936 version of Showboat.Ian McKellen is superb as the ex-patriot homosexual forgotten director . He portrays Whale as a man haunted by his past and desires . Fraser as the lawn boy who befriends Whale is great . Fraser 's portrayal of a young man without purpose questioning his own sexuality is acting at its finest . Finally , Lynn Redgrave is great as the religious Hungarian housekeeper , sure Whale is destined for hell , but despite her employer 's failings continues to show him love and compassion.Director Condon does a great job visually of portraying how Whale 's humor came across in his films . But , more importantly shows how the backdrop for Whale 's horror films were a reflection of his past.If you like me were led to believe that Karloff was the force behind our great horror film masterpieces see this DVD .
 Only at the very end does it become abundantly clear exactly what this film is all about . Initially `` Gods and Monsters '' just seems like a mild mannered tale between an old movie director and his gardener . Even if the film were that simple it would still be great . Fortunately there is something bigger at work here , a sly genius that only really seems clear when Brendan Fraser is walking around in the rain at the end and the credits roll up . When `` Gods and Monsters '' finally reveals exactly what it 's trying to say then it can really be seen as a classic Hollywood picture.Ian McKellen is unquestionably the star of the show here . He is so vastly superior to everyone on the screen that he alone carries the picture . He plays film director James Whale who has just had a stroke and is reaching the end of his life . After a while he begins to take an interest in his gardener , Clay Boone , played excellently by Brendan Fraser . Initially you wonder if Mckellen , a homosexual , is only interested in Fraser for gay purposes . In one scene prior to his arrival Mckellen takes great delight in forcing a film student to undress for him . That is n't the case though as Mckellen seems to be genuinly interested in Fraser 's friendship . The two talk , Mckellen is very nostalgiac and tells Fraser stories about his time in lower class England as a child , his experiences in the war and his eventual exile from the Hollywood community.As the film progresses Ian Mckellen starts to gradually deteriorate . Overcome by memories of the past he eventually takes his own life by drowning in a swimming pool . His death , although saddening seems strangely appropriate given the circumstances of the film . In one great scene before his death , Brendan Fraser escorts Mckellen onto his former battlefield and lays him to rest next to other dead soldiers . While watching James Whale 's most famous movies -LRB- The Frankenstein pictures -RRB- there is emphasis on one scene which intentionally runs paralels to the Fraser/Mckellen relationship . In one scene of `` Frankenstein '' the monster comes to the door of a blind man who claims that he is alone `` and no soul has spoken to me for years . '' It is obvious at this point that Fraser 's sole purpose was to provide happiness and companionship to this agening man and evtually lead him into death.Well , enough ranting , `` Gods and Monsters '' is carried off in fine style . Some may find it long winded and slow , but Mckellen 's charm and great scripting should be enough to get most film fans through . Vanessa Redgrave also turns in a great role despite it being significantly smaller than Mckellen 's or Fraser 's . There is one scene of reminiscing about boys in a swimming pool which maybe is a tad over the top but on the whole Gods and Monsters is a very effective and a very intelligent piece of work .
 What a surprising movie ! First , you have one of the screen 's great performances by Ian McKellen , and then there 's the stunning revelation that Brendan Fraser has great depth and power as an actor and has been pretty much wasted in films up until now -LRB- except that he is terrific at comedy -RRB- . This film on DVD is a marvel . The images are crisp and clean , the sound is clear and distinct , and the music score by Carter Burwell is one of the finest of recent years , subtly entwining itself into the psychological makeup of the characters and storyline . `` Gods and Monsters '' is a movie of rare depth and directorial eloquence . I can not recommend it highly enough for thinking moviegoers .
 Forget the dreadful `` Shadow of a Vampire '' . This is the one to watch.Here Ian McKellen possibly does his best performance to date -LRB- Yes , it is better than Gandalf but not by much ! -RRB- and so does Brendan Fraser . So two actors have their best roles ever in this movie and that says a lot about the quality of this film . This one has also got a few Oscars , even though that might not say much , it is still quite an achievement given that this film is pretty much a medium budget movie with limited locations and sets.The story is about the director James Whale who was primarily a horror director in the 1930s and 1940s . This is the story about the perils of old age , sexual discrimination , lust , anger , manipulation and love - all played out to the tune of a film that documents the reasons for this director 's status as one of the all time greats.McKellen is frighteningly real at times . He has an old-age seizure on camera that looks stunningly realistic . The man is an impeccable performer and takes on his role here like a bull by the horns . You feel sadness and grossness for him at the same time . He is a manipulator , a conman , a sexual deviant - but also a great heart . Strangely enough this film has similar themes as Lord of the Rings . Tolken wrote many of the battle scenes , especially the Dead Marshes , because of his real experiences during the war . Whale is also attributing much of his own personal horrors that he paints on his canvas -LRB- both films and portrait artwork that he makes -RRB- to these artefacts of battle . There is a lot of depth to Gods and Monsters and plenty of emotion to boot . It spans across nearly every era between the early 1900s and the 1940s . Much of it is told in flashbacks especially the making of Whale 's horror films.The plot is basically about Whale and his gardener -LRB- Fraser -RRB- and their relationship . It is a bit like asking questions and getting answers and showing a bit of skin in-between . Not only do both these actors stand out but Lynn Redgrave plays Whale 's housekeeper in her best role to date too ! She is an absolute side-splitting hoot and her cynicism is second to none.It would be hard to tell you much more about the plot without giving lots of it away but let 's just say that you will learn a lot about everyone in this delightful film and it does come with a shock attached towards the end as the characters move a little closer to one another . The ending is moving and filled with sadness and loss with the passing of time . You can bring a lot to this movie and take a lot of it away with you too.This is an inspiring movie about talent , friendship and filmmaking . It is hard to find dramas much better than Gods and Monsters ...
 I watched this movie in 1998 with my wife just for killing some time because at that day we were at the mall just hanging around . What a wonderful surprise !! A very touching movie by director Bill Condon whose Sister , Sister I had seen several years ago . I do n't know why Sir Ian McKellen did n't win the Academy Award -LRB- I think Roberto Begnini won that year -RRB- . This is probably his best interpretation EVER , so subtly , portraying a very solitary old man , director James Whale , overwhelmed by his own demons . Incredibly , Brendan Fraser -LRB- a comedian -RRB- is very good portraying the young and handsome gardener the subject of Whales affection . In my humble opinion he deserved being nominated for Best Supporting Actor . The other surprise is Lynn Redgrave as Whales ' maid . She 's just fantastic . The soundtrack -LRB- especially the last track `` Friend ? '' -RRB- is also very moving and at times so relaxing.Forget about Dream girls this is Bill Condon at his best . A must see !
 Interesting film that won the Academy Awards back in 1998 . James Whale was a director known best for his horror pictures such as Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein . We look at a fictional gardener and how he interacts with Whale and how Clay -LRB- played by Brendan Fraser -RRB- deals with his own inner demons.The film plays best when it deals with Whale 's World War I experiences and a few scenes where he is creating Bride of Frankenstein . Especially touching is the party he goes to and drags his gardener along . The actors who portray Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester were nearly the spitting image -LRB- though I imagined Karloff as taller than that -RRB- . The film is really about Whale 's homosexuality and in the Fifties America this is a taboo subject . The naked young guys and the nude Fraser may be hard for some to bear -LRB- and easier for others I assume -RRB- . I was hoping for more of a docu-drama and less of a concentration on Whale 's sexual orientation -LRB- of which 75 % of the film seems to be -RRB- and wanting more horror movie-making . McKellen plays the role straight and Fraser 's emotional range as an actor are pushed to the limit . Loneliness , memories and compassion with wry sarcasm played well by the housekeeper Lyn Redgrave . Great to see.The DVD also has a `` making of '' with the cast interviews , commentary , language subtitles and trailer.And just as in the early Universal films , the end credits say `` a great cast is worth repeating '' . Little chestnuts like that were fun.Here 's the original book : Father of Frankenstein
 I thought this was an excellent , well cast movie . I really liked the concept and the look that it gave us into the real people behind the scenes of old Hollywood . Brendan Frasier is not a great actor by any means but he is perfect in the part of the hulking everyman landscaper . Really good movie but I fear that many will not be able to put their homophobia aside and give it a chance .
 The Oscar-winning `` Gods And Monsters '' is a highly compelling film released in 1998 starring Ian McKellen -LRB- `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy -RRB- , Brendan Fraser -LRB- `` Looney Toones '' , 2003 -RRB- , and Lynn Redgrave . It explores the last days of real-life director James Whale , the director of several films , the most famous being `` Bride of Frankenstein '' . Ironically , he was one of very few openly gay filmmakers in Hollywood at a time when the issue was never expressed . The moments before his death , many major events happen in his personal life . He befriends a handsome gardener who learns a lot about life through this . Meanwhile , he suffers flashbacks from his days in World War II and his days on the set of `` Bride of Frankenstein '' . Through this journey the characters learn more about themselves than any other time.This story is told beautifully . The flashbacks and the 1957 -LRB- their present -RRB- time are separated wonderfully , allowing audiences to slowly learn more about the characters and why they live in such turmoil . This emotional story explores issues that give the communities a positive outlook
 For those of you who think of Brendan Fraser only as a goofy man of broadbrush , physical comedy -LRB- see Dudley Do-Right , Encino Man , Airhands , Bedazzled , George of the Jungle , etc. , etc. , etc. -RRB- , the eye-opening surprise of `` Gods and Monsters '' is in his wonderfully underplayed dramatic turn . And , to prove this outing was n't an aberration , he followed up ` Gods ' with his outstanding 2002 turn as covert CIA man Auden Pyle in ` The Quiet American . ` Also , for those of you who saw and enjoyed the bracing honesty of Bill Condon 's much lauded 2004 release `` Kinsey '' -LRB- the rare biopic with little fictionalization license taken to ` boost ' the narrative story -RRB- , I urge you to take a step back to see this smaller -LRB- 21-day shoot -RRB- release . It was ` Gods ' that marked Condon 's transition from screenwriter and small-screen director of movie-of-the-week genre to movie helmsman of critical repute . ` Kinsey ' proves that ` Gods ' was no fluke . We 're in the presence of one of the movie industry 's leading talents .
 The film is so interesting that the DVD capitalizes on the opportunity of further informing the viewer about the real facts behind the `` fact-tion '' story of director James Whale . Unfortunately the production of the special features seemed a bit rushed and `` unproduced , '' apparently -LRB- according to the director -RRB- much the same way as the film itself . Interesting insight into the world of indie film and leaves the audience wondering what glorious heights this one might have reached had the filmmakers had ample time and resources to recognize their vision . Nonetheless , it is a beautifully acted and packaged piece ... well worth the time and attention !
 I was deeply moved by it . I couldn &#65533; t help myself not thinking about it all day . This movie is rich ; it carries layers of layers of emotions . The love , joy , fear , anger and sadness that everyone would experience in life -LRB- regardless one 's sexual preference , mind you -RRB- &#65533; are all embedded in this masterpiece . The story is about an old man who was once brilliant but was unavoidably losing control of his mind and eventually his livelihood to the darkness of death . It is about a rootless young man who was too nice to live up to the tough guy 's image that was imposed upon him by many people including his new friend and finally found his confidence in life through his good heart . It is about a brave woman that loved her master so much and was willing to do anything to protect him even after he died . Ultimately it is about compassion . I found compassion in the characters of Clay Boone and Hanna . Their affection to Mr. Jimmy is pure gold and it touches my heart with its mighty power . Mr. Jimmy was indeed a lucky man .
 I feel like cynically following the headline above by observing that this film was a box-office disaster . So far as I can tell , $ 10m was allotted to film it , and it raked in a whopping $ 6m at the box-office . Well , so what . As Ezra Pound wisely commented about books , many years ago , `` Pay no attention to literary prizes , not even the Nobel . '' And how wise his words were ! So I regard the fact that this film won an Oscar for its screenplay as nice , but not thrilling.It is not hard to see why the film failed at the box-office . There are no car chases , no explosions , no good-looking babes removing their wet T-shirts
 Reading through these , I 'm turned off by reviewers who give plot summaries , by the time you 've read this far , you 'll all know what the movie 's about anyway , so i 'll refrain from doing it.that said , this movie is far more than a gay film . condon says it in his audio commentary , critics who know what they 're talking about agree . the movie , at it 's core , is a buddy movie . clay boone and whale talk , think , reveal , and ultimately live life through each other . i would argue intensely that being unable to get past the homo-erotic dialogue means missing the point . the movie develops an ulikely friendship -- unlikely not just because clay boone is homophobic and whale gay , but also because of the generation and income gaps -- looks into war 's effects on the psyche , the fear of death , fascination with celebrity , being an outcast , film history , and then , finally , homophobia.theme aside , the movie masterfully captures whale 's style . condon homages whale to the point of recreating ` the bride 's ' set . lynn redgraves ' character is essentially pulled directly from a whale film . sets are designed using whale 's artistic taste -LRB- and some of whale 's paintings -RRB- , etc , etc. this pulls the film along for any film historian , or fanatic of whale movies , who can look for the next ` whale reference ' and never be disapointed ; it also adds authenticity , credibility , and believability for the casual viewer.still it is the screen writing and acting -- both incomparable -LRB- especially when compared to major hollywood productions -RRB- -- that make this film as memorable as it is . fraser has never been so engaging . mckellan is sensational . redgrave carries the film through comedic relief , and lolita davidovich -LRB- in an unfortunately underdeveloped role -RRB- is captivating . condon 's dialogue is realistic , his characters unblemished and genuine , and -LRB- for those of you that have read or are reading the book -RRB- the script is consistent with bramm 's novel.in all , this movie is more than entertainment , more than a film . it 's art .
 Super good movie from the fictionalized novel set to the end of James Whale 's life . Very intersting in that sense , and Ian McKellen really makes the character come to life , to be more than a decrepit old man trying to maybe seduce his younger male gardener . But what moved me most about this film was the stunning recreations of Whale 's flashbacks , his spells when he ws lost in the dementia beginning to envelop him secondary to his strokes . It was really quite chilling and what made him seem so human and sad . We get such a rare unique view of what it may be like to be completely detached from reality and lost in time for several terrifying minutes . And we get to see what it may be like for a man getting ready to die , before he , we , or anyone else knows it . That is what I thought made this movie such one of a kind .
 A wonderful character study of an incredibly talented director who frightened us all when we needed it . A delicious fictionalized ending to James Whales 's life which creates the legend that he deserves .
 Something fresh , something new , passionate and sincere best describes this movie . I just experienced this movie and I must say , I 'm going to purchase it . If you want to see a movie that is different from the mainstream titles , then this is it !!! Plus , the DVD has many extra features .
 `` Gods and Monsters '' is a superb movie about the last days of gay film director James Whale -- who directed `` Frankenstein '' and `` Bride of Frankenstein '' . The acting is superb , especially Ian McKellan in the lead . I thought it dragged in a few areas , but on the whole it was a great movie .
 A heartwarming examination of the at first tenuous friendship between an attractive , masculine , heterosexual gardener -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and an aging , effeminate , gay `` has been '' director . The movie reveals the stress one straight man feels when befriending a much older gay man and how the 2 men become friends in spite of their conflicting sexual orientations .
 I enjoyed this movie so much I read the book that started it all . This is an excellent period piece and the peformances by Ian McKellon and Brendon Fraser were wonderful .
 Excellent filmaking . This fictional account of a portion of James Whale 's life pays tribute to his flair and vision . Bill Condon manages to mimic some Whale 's style , always making the viewer feel as they were part of the `` inside-joke . '' -LRB- see movie to get meaning -RRB- McKellan and Redgrave are phenomenal , and Frazier is able to feed off them enough to keep from looking foolish . The interviews with cast and crew were also highly enjoyable and informative .
 That 's a great movie . . Ian McKellen is superb I am sure that you will love it . .
 This film tells a fictitious story about legendary director , James Whales , in later years of his life . The story is told from an interesting angle . While I do n't think that the stoty itself is fantastic , the performances by Frasier and Redgrave are definitelly worth watching . I must confess that I love Brendan Frasier , but even I was impressed by what he 's accomplished in this film.There is this one scene with McKellen and Frasier in the middle , the climax , which the film was building up to . It is absolutely amazing . If there is ever a collection of most amazing scenes in the history of cinema , this scene should be one of them!If you like Hollywood 's history , Whales ' films , or simply creative cinema , you will really like this one . If you are a bit on the homophobic side , then , truth to be told , this film will not be easy for you to digest .
 This was a superb film . Not only does it deal with sexuality issues , it delves deeper into the beliefs of the viewer . McKellen & Fraser give outstanding performances as Whale and Boone . Although it has a superficial hint about Whale being a `` ditry old queer '' `` chasing young boys , '' the relationship that develops between Whale -LRB- McKellen -RRB- and Boone -LRB- Fraser -RRB- is not sexual . In fact , it goes beyond the sexual . Many heterosexual men would feel uncomfortable with some of the content , however , this is an excellent example of facing one 's beliefs . Fraser 's character is faced with the similar situation . Consequently , the characters grow beyond the superficial and move on . While I do not think that Fraser 's character ever becomes comfortable with homosexuality , he learns to tolerate it . As for the nudity in it , I felt that it lent to the movie . Whale had been talking about the days gone by and suddenly gets this flashback of a pool party with handsome young men running around and swimming naked . The scene is brief , strategically lit , and well-staged . Even with DVD , the scene went by so fast we had to play it again in slow motion just to see anything . Even then , it was nothing much . So the straight men need not worry about this being a skin flick . As for Redgrave 's character , she gives a powerful performance portraying a devout Catholic who works for Whale as his housekeeper . While her words are often muddled , the accent -LRB- I believe it 's Hungarian -RRB- is the cause , not to mention the American colloquialization of the English language and the Brittish slang used . In her case , her actions , not her words , are the most important . The poignant turn of events toward the end , exemplifies her love and respect for Whale even though , according to her , `` he will go to hell for his sins of the flesh . '' It is because of this that she `` will go to hell too to look after him . '' Over all , Gods & Monsters is a fantastic movie worth buying . Although it is a film for mature audiences , I think it forces one to think about how they would respond if put in a similar situation . Bottom line ? -- If you enjoy a superb drama that requires some thought to enjoy , RENT IT or better yet , BUY IT ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 This movie has a great script and wonderful acting by all the cast , I was surprised that Brendan Fraser did a good job with his role . If you know something about James Whale or liked his movies then it will prove more interesting . The movie starts out a bit slow but then grabs you and does n't let go until the end , but fascinating throughout . I was surprised that the gay subject-matter did not make me feel uncomfortable -LRB- as with other similarly-themed movies -RRB- . Expert performances by Ian McKellen and Lynn Redgrave make this all the more rewarding . See this movie . From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie an 8 !
 `` Gods and Monsters '' boasts an elegant and insightful script , fine acting from all the principals -LRB- Ian McKellen and Brendan Fraser in particular -RRB- , and a delicate sense of fading eroticism -LRB- the brief reverie of a remembered pool party is one of the most poignant evocations of lost romantic vigor ever put on film -RRB- . The historical and fictional elements are well integrated . A film that `` stays with you '' long after the final image fades . The transfer to DVD is sharp and the layered sound quality excellent . Highly recommended .
 A dramatic and intriguing tale of the friendship between two men of opposite personalities , backgrounds , and situations . Brendan Fraser shows his range of remarkable acting talent with his delivery of Clayton Boone , a decent , down to earth , blue collar man who earns his living as a gardner . Ian McKellen epitomizes the persona of an English gentleman but with a bit of a twist . ` Gods and Monsters ' is definitely a film worth seeing .
 Amazing that such a great film could be made for only 3 million.Bill Condon directs with elegant simplicity , thoroughly allowing the viewer to revel in the dynamics of the story and in the development and playing out of the characterizations . This is a film which allows us to become immersed in the depth and richness of the very real human beings which inhabit this poignant , affecting story . No cheap melodramatic or pat resolutions here ; everything looms unerringly real and on a believable human level . It helps of course that Condon has the actors to do it justice . Sir Ian McKellen faultlessly establishes Whale 's persona ; the nuances and facial expressions are revealing of a whole myriad of emotions , thoughts and feelings . He brings such a charge , such a presence , he almost does n't need words , and yet , there is no discernible `` technique '' at play , no self-concious `` actory '' mannerisms . We are aware of something extraordinary here , a near-transference of another 's persona into McKellen 's own . He takes us to places in a way that Olivier once did . Lynn Redgrave is fixating as Hannah , the completely off-the-wall yet endearing servant . Redgrave is always careful never to let schtick mar what could be a caricature of this severely limited character ; one can see a real person behind the granite wall of unimaginative denial . Brendan Fraser is the film 's most pleasant surprise . Redgrave in the Special Features section of the DVD says of Fraser , `` He 's a real actor , '' and this is certainly borne out in the finished result . With a powerhouse of artistic sagacity like McKellan , many a young actor could threaten to flounder helplessly , but Fraser not only holds his own astonishingly , he matches Sir Ian scene for scene . Most impressively , Fraser as his character appears to be paying rapt attention when McKellan 's Whale speaks . His reactions are spontaneous and natural , the timing impeccably established . Moreover , Fraser declines to merely play the brooding hunk . When McKellan attacks Fraser 's character in lascivious desperation , Fraser 's depiction of his horror , trauma , outrage and pain is flinchingly palpable . It does not hurt either than Fraser is physically believable as the object of Whale 's attraction.Don ' t miss this absorbing masterpiece .
 I can not say enough about this film . It was great and the acting was Oscar quality . Buy this movie and you will understand . An excellant investment .
 When I first saw this movie , I was so taken aback with the images that is portrayed ... much like a James Whale film itslelf , that I was glad that I had video taped it ... because for the next four or five days , I watched it over and over and , of course , found all my favorite parts ... just like I have done with James Whale 's two masterpieces , Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein ... I will not labor with the fact that Sir Ian McClellen and Brenden Fraser and Lynn Redgrave gave fantastic performences ... any one who saw the movie knows this fact for themselves ... what I want to say is that these movies that James Whale directed are a part of my life and growing up ... remember Forrey J Ackerman and Famous Monsters of Filmland magazines ? ... well they were the first knowledge I had of these great Universal horror movies and I think they need a round of applause from everyone that is reading this review ! ...
 In the history of Hollywood , director James Whale will always be remembered most often as the man who crafted the 1931 version of `` Frankenstein '' , with Boris Karloff , and its superior , legendary sequel , `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' . Though he helmed many other projects , including the original version of `` Showboat '' , `` The Old Dark House '' , and the terrific `` Invisible Man '' -LRB- both `` House '' and `` The Invisible Man '' featured a young Gloria Stewart , who returned to the screen in 1997 's `` Titanic '' -RRB- inevitably Whale is linked for all time with the definative depiction of Mary Shelly 's monster . In later years Whale would brush these films aside , preferring not to talk of them and generally disdaining them , but the link is permanent . Ultimately , Whale committed suicide after a series of strokes , drowning in his own swimming pool , leaving no note . It is a speculation on these last days of Whale 's , in the sunset of his career in Hollywood , that director Bill Condon deftly explores in this screen adaption of Christopher Bram 's `` The Father of Frankenstein '' . Whale , as well as being an expert director in his day , was also openly gay , at a time when both in society and Hollywood , discretion was the order of the day . Powerfully portrayed here by the peerless Sir Ian McKellan -LRB- also an openly gay Englishman -RRB- , McKellan brings subtle nuances and complex shadings to a performance that is nothing less than breathtaking , bittersweet , and ultimately deeply moving . The story concerns his growing platonic friendship with a hunky young yardman , ably played by Brendon Fraser , who with his massive body and square , sculpted head -LRB- aided in no small part by a flat-top haircut -RRB- resembles nothing insomuch as a living embodiment of the Monster itself . Hired to tend the grounds of Whale 's home by his nervous housekeeper Hannah -LRB- a brilliant Lyne Redgrave - both she and McKellan were nominated for Academy Awards - and in my opinion both were robbed -RRB- , the two befriend each other and develop a relationship that will affect both their lives in a most distinct way . Solid acting is delivered by all , and the appearance of two of Whale 's key stars - Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester -LRB- through expert makeup techniques -RRB- midway through the film is a highlight -LRB- it is eerie how close these re-creations are -RRB- . It is also in this sequence , set at the home of movie producer George Cukor - a closeted queen himself - that McKellan effortlessly and masterfully delivers one of the films bitchiest - and funniest - lines . Amazingly , though , it is Fraser - paired with some serious top notch costars that he admirably just keeps pace with - who delivers the film 's most heart-touching and profoundly moving scene . It is the very last scene in the film , and the effect that it has cuts right to the soul , speaking volumes about the depths of compassion and humanity inherent in only the most genuine of friendships . For this scene , this film shares the distinction of being one of those very rare movies - one that brought me to tears . Not out of sadness , but out of admiration for its reaffirmation of the deep level of compassion that is inherent within the human heart , no matter who we are , gay or straight . Highly , highly recommended .
 Truly worthwhile viewing . Superbly written and acted portrait-of-the-artist as both manipulator and victim . McKellan is a wonder -- swinging from lechery to tristesse almost within the same frame . And Fraser is his match , playing an apparently simple hunk with unexpected depth and sensitivity . This is a film that is in turn melancholy , funny , wicked , and finally , uplifting . Pounce .
 Director James Whale brought to life some of the most enduring cinematic images ever known . Every time that we see Frankenstein 's Monster -LRB- flat head , neck conductors , etc. -RRB- we are touched with the creative vision of his art . In this labor of love , Whales 's life is depicted in a semi-biographical light and his final days are displayed with the help of a fictional friend . Flashes of his films and history are sprinkled about , aiding character development here and filling out the story there . `` Gods and Monsters '' is a work that entertains us with humor -LRB- I laughed out loud several times -RRB- while peppering us with serious ideas -- perceptions of homosexuality , encroaching age , impending death , unrealized dreams , etc. . It all moves at a leisurely pace , but it never seems to be quite slow . The movie will occasionaly cause discomfort for heterosexual males , but there is often a humorous edge to these moments . Unfortunately , the picture will likely provoke disgust and disdain among those with inordinately homophobic leanings.This is a high quality film delivered by several key persons that have a great interest in its subject matter . It is excellently directed and beautifully photographed . Ian McKellen and Lynn Redgrave are superb in their roles , rendering humor , drama , and poignancy throughout . As lead actor and supporting actress , they were justifiably nominated for `` Oscars '' at the 1998 Academy Awards . Brendan Frasier , while not up to the level of his older colleagues , performs admirably . Not to be overlooked is the haunting -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- score that is enjoyable for its own sake and matches the mood of the film perfectly . Although devotees of the horror classics , and Whale fans in particular , are the most obvious candidates for purchase of this movie , it has enough merits to warrant viewing by any serious film-lover . The DVD version of this movie boasts strong picture quality that does justice the the considerable efforts of the cinematographer . The sound is good , and does n't particularly suffer from the fact that the disc is only recorded in `` Dolby Surround '' . Among other things , the special features include an enjoyable and informative James Whale documentary , and an adequate director commentary . If you 've enjoyed this film and are considering purchase of the DVD , you wo n't be disappointed with its qualities . Never seen it ? In that case , rent it . And do n't be surprised if you wind up buying it .
 This film is worth seeing for the acting alone -- even the supporting parts are beautifully handled . What struck me most , however , was that I 've never seen another film remotely like it . I would n't say it was one of the greatest films I 've ever seen but it is very impressive work and deserves the acclaim it received .
 The excellent performaces by McKellen , Redgrave and -LRB- surprise -RRB- Fraser , along with the insightful script and direction by Bill Condon make this one of the year 's best films . It makes me want to discover Director James Whale 's -LRB- whose story this is -RRB- works beyond FRANENSTIEN . I would love to see JOURNEY 'S END -LRB- 1930 -RRB- or THE ROAD BACK -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . Unnfortunatly the DVD `` special edition '' is a bit disappointing . The audio commentary by Bill Condon is good , however I do wish more members of the cast had been involved -LRB- particularly McKellen -RRB- . The 30 minute documentary does not shed much light on Director James Whale 's tormented life or work . The new FRANKENSTIEN DVD is much better in this regard . Other than a trailer , there are no other `` extras '' to mention . GODS and MONSTERS is certainly worth a rental , but think twice about purchasing this `` collector 's edtion '' .
 This was , a weird movie not all scary it was about a director who made , horror films Brendan Fraser is a good , actor he did a good job doing this , I also like his other movies ; Blast From The Past , School Ties , George Of The Jungle this was a good movie .
 If you do n't finish watching this movie moved in some way i 'd be very suprised . God 's and Monster 's is the story of the horror film manster James While -LRB- `` Frankenstien '' , `` Bride of Frankenstien '' , `` The Invisable Man '' -RRB- who in his older years battles sickness , and Homosexuallity . He forms a stange friendship with the young man who mow his law for money . Even though he is straght 100 % . The acting in this flim is untoppable . Horror legend Clive Barker and executive producer of Gods and Monsters Clive Baker is also a open Homosexual . This DVD also comes with a very interging documantry . See This !
 This is a very good film ... moving and insightfulin many ways ... but also somehow limited ... while , perhaps , its heart seems to be trying to be inthe right place concerning relationship , friendship , love ... it is all told in a context of the verymannerisms and affectations and `` fairy '' - taleambience that all too many non-sensitive , all-too-prone-to-misunderstand persons will taketo be the `` justification '' for their dislike , phobia , and sickened disdain ... And perhaps it is trying to do too much ... thelove and loss of the character Whale for hisfriend who died in the trenches of World War Iwhile Whale survived ... and lived ... and longed ... and felt guilt ... and loss ... is insightful ... butgets all tangled with that suffocating gas-maskscene with the Clay character ... and Whale comesoff as being bizarre , if not mad ... The ending is not satisfying to me ... the Claycharacter just `` has to '' be shown to have madeit through the encounter `` safely '' straight ... married ... with a kid ... who can say that he knewthe director of the movie `` Frankenstein '' ... thenwalk out in the rain and pretend to be theFrankenstein monster ... and seem to be laughingat himself ... I should have thought that a moremeaningful ending would have been if he hadstood there in the rain ... not acting like somenut-case stalking around in the rain like amonster ... but thinking about that driven , haunted man he had known ... and if it had notbeen beyond his `` macho '' powers , to have wepta tear or two to mingle with the rain dropsstreaming down his cheeks ... But maybe sensitivity ... and even this fairlymoving film are not the way to go ... there areother films that speak about oppression andmisunderstanding better ... the original `` Planet of the Apes '' is a very goodfilm about an oppressive society ... just turnit into an allegory about those who areexpected , if not forced , to be `` mute `` in society ... but there is also thefilm `` Another Country '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , which unfortunately , does not seem to be available on video anylonger ... it is a beautifully done film ... butmakes its point about society and its intolerancejust as well ...
 this film is so good the acting is indescribably great Ian Mckellen is absolutely brilliantand brendan fraser does an excellent performance although i didnt wan na see Ian Mckellen be gay that much but it 's not that bad this film is brilliant i 'm sure James Whale is dancing in his grave right now for the excellence of this film
 Well , to start off , Sir Ian -LRB- and perhaps Lynn , too -RRB- was robbed at the Oscars , but what a thrill to see this incredible film win for Best Screenplay . For an amazingly small budget , this sumptiously detailed and photographed film covers everything important about our lives -- sex , love , jealousy , illness , friendship , beauty -LRB- whether literally or figuratively -RRB- , compassion , seduction , rage , gentleness -- I * could * go on . Thank you , Clive Barker for signing on as producer to get this made , and thank you Lion 's Gate -LRB- or whatever -RRB- , for picking up this film as its distributor -- to think that this brilliant film , which is about so much more than Whale 's homosexuality , would not have been made or found its audience . McKellen is magnificent , Redgrave is funny and heartbreaking and the glorious Brendan Fraser -LRB- who 's smart enough to jump with both feet into films like this -RRB- proves without a doubt that he is the next very big thing -- the camera absolutely eats him up with every perfectly lighted shot . Um , can you tell I love this film ? I think the DVD -LRB- which is why I just went out and bought my player -RRB- also comes with the director 's commentary . Highest recommendation .
 Sir Ian McKellen simply never disappoints . Here , as the director James Whale , Sir Ian and Bill Condon team with Lynn Regrave and Brendan Fraser to tell a tale filled with tragedy , comedy , commentary , and most of all , love .
 A family member recommended this to me comparing it to ED WOOD . I found GODS ' serious tone quite different from the hilarious Tim Burton flick ED WOOD . Being straight , but not homophobic , I was still a bit uncomfortable with the 2 men kissing near the beginning . But after that I was impressed with this multi-facited story.I thought Fraiser was excellent and believable as the big manly lug . McKellen 's James Whale in GODS compares with Landau 's Bela Lugosi in ED WOOD . Both actors take their young counterparts back to acting school to a certain extent . This is a movie that keeps you wondering where it is going next . And when those scenes are done their meaning could fuel a 2 hour debate.Being a fan of both good horror movies -LRB- Bride of Frankenstein -RRB- and cheesy ones -LRB- Plan 9 From Outer Space -RRB- did n't really come into play for GODS AND MONSTERS . This move is definately about MUCH MORE than a retired movie maker . Very enjoyable.Fraiser should stop doing kiddie flicks and do more serious stuff like this . He could be another Harrison Ford .
 A wonderful masterpiece for Ian Makellan ! The final days of a man I know very little about . Give a hand to Ian , and the lady that played the maid .
 I did n't know what to expect when I first saw this film . I do know that at the film 's conclusion , I found that I could not stop talking about how much I enjoyed it.The acting was wonderful . Ian McKellen and Brendan Fraser were amazing together . Lynn Redgrave , one word ... wow . The way the director , Bill Condon , shot film was very artistic and inspiring . It was a very well written story about loneliness , friendship , longing , struggle and death . Listen to the soundtrack . It 's terrific and totally helped to enhance the film for me.It 's a shame `` Gods and Monsters '' did not receive as much recognition as it deserved . Thank goodness that McKellen did receive the proper recognition he deserved and of course Fraser continues to awe us with his talent in his many other films.Go see `` Gods and Monsters '' and experience the fun for yourself .
 Those who complain that the movie is slow have a point - you should watch it when you are in the mood for a character-driven rather than a plot-driven film . It is helpful though not strictly necessary to have at least a passing familiarity with Frankenstein and The Bride of Frankenstein - Whale 's best known works are heavily used for metaphorical effect throughout . And an appreciation for good acting is a must.McKellen is excellent as a brilliant , proud man facing the deterioration of age and ill-health in a world where he is very much alone
 Gods and Monsters is absolutely the finest film I 've seen in the last couple of years , and I 'm very particular about movies . The acting is first rate , the screenplay exceptionally well constructed , and the soundtrack by Carter Burwell is perfect for this film . The movie is quiet , introspective , and immensely effective . Those looking for a sensitive and subtle character study will do no better than Gods and Monsters .
 WOW ! What an accomplishment ! I was blown away by this film more than any other in years ! I was expecting a very somber melodrama , and I was right , to an extent . But not only is it a movie , it is someone 's life story . Bill Condon -LRB- Director and screenwriter -RRB- did a breathtaking job with every aspect of this film . And Brendan Frasier wowed me more than anyone else 's performance all year ! If you have n't seem this film yet , do so right NOW !
 This is a fabulous movie adapted from a wonderful book . Both are worth purchasing . The novel is called `` Father of Frankenstein , '' by Christopher Bram . I read -LRB- and loved -RRB- the book before seeing the movie , and initially , I was hesitant to see the film version at all . So many film adaptations of great books excise the heart and soul of the original . But I was convinced to see the movie and was very pleasantly surprised . It is subtle , touching , and poignant . To sum it up
 One of the few recent films that I anticipated to be good and it exceeded my expectations.Sir Ian McKellen once again performs well . The real surprise here is Brendan Fraser . Thanks to Bill Condon 's amazing screenplay , Fraser is study of expressive and innocent contrast to McKellen 's anguished and self-defeated character . Make a point to get this one . Best screenplays consist of strong dialogue , pacing , and narrative . The Oscars are usually accurrate about that .
 What a sad movie this was . Ians performance brought the pain and injustice done to a man who who was once Hollywoods greatest directors now a recluse , to the forefront . I never knew James Whale was Gay for many years till I read it mentioned in an article . It didnt matter . When this movie came out , my favorite actor Brendan Frasier , was in it so it was a must see.How sad to know that this great artist , was living alone in Los Angeles , not much better off then Lugosi was at the end of his life . His recollections to his Gardner played by Brendan , who was there more as a catalyst to tell James story then anything else , were heart wrenching as he described the young man he was in love with who died in WW1 . `` We lost a whole generation in that war '' can not help but bring tears to your eyes when you realize that WW1 was as much a horror as WW2 . Whales sense of loss truly extended to all those who lived thru it with him as so many of Englands male population didnt make it back from the trenches , and he makes you feel the grief.I came away from this movie asking if anybody could have done anything to alleviate his alienation . Could fans in the area or travelling in California from out of state , stopping by to say hello , changed his mind about suicide if thats what it was.I know he was suffering physical pain as well , but maybe if fans had come by to let him know they cared , his ending might have been more peacefull and serene.The Gay aspect of his life was not played up to garner pity , it was not a major influence on the direction of the film at all . It was all about him and a studio that tossed him to the wolves when his known friends could not protect him from the morality patrol.The hypocrites in Hollywood who cheated on their wives , probably poked young stagehands and took drugs kicked the chair out from under James Talented body and left him to hang.By the time this movie was over I was crying like a little kid , and still makes me wonder . Could any of us fans , living in those time have made a difference by coming by and letting him know he was not alone and not forgotten.Rest In Peace James .
 This movie is quite simply perfect . Life and death , love and friendship they 're all explored here in some detail . There is so much more here than just a film for people looking for gay issues explored . Here we have the story of the fictionalized last days of Frankenstein director James Whale , but more specifically what we have is the story of a friendship between two characters who need something from each other . One who does n't know how to live , and the other who does n't know how to die . They both have something to bring to the relationship that ultimately helps the other to grow , although in a sad bittersweet context in the case of Ian McKellen 's character.The movie is a wonderful showplace for Ian McKellen 's talents as an actor , and he is mesmerizing as Whale . And Brendan Fraser unexpectantly demonstrates that he is much much more than just another sometimes goofy Hollywood pretty boy , in his portrayal of Clayton Boone . But it is the growth and development of the friendship between Whale and Boone culminating in the dramatic final scene between the two characters is what ultimately makes this movie unforgettable . The beauty of watching Clay rise above his fears of homosexuality and leave himself vulnerable in an act of love and compassion towards helping his ailing friend is breathtaking to behold , and the final resulting climax when Whale reveals what he really wants from Boone , will leave you in tears.In short , no matter what subject matter you 're looking for in a movie , if you just love movies that are brilliantly acted , can easily pull you into a story line , and that stay with you long after the DVD has ended , buy this movie . You wo n't regret it .
 When I first saw this film , I was absolutely knocked out by it . Ian McKellen turned in a rich , Oscar-worthy performance as horror-director James Whale -LRB- whose homosexuality came at a time when the subject was forbidden in Hollywood -RRB- , a man who is haunted by past images -- and at the same time , welcomes those hauntings -- in his life . The supporting cast is outstanding too
 i love the beauty in this movie . ian mckellen is flawless as the late james whale . lynn redgrave is both hilarious and sincere as the made hannah . and brendan fraser as clay boone has the perfoect body , size , and head to remind the audience of frankenstein . james whale was the director of two frankenstein movies and this movie is an exploration of a relationship between him and his gardener . through the whole movie the audience sees this relationship grow from simple friendship to one of love . as the movie progresses the audience understands that both men have internal issues concerning their father . one of the special moments of the movie is the realization that fraser sees mckellen as a father figure and mckellen realizes he is a father figure to fraser . both men found something in each other that both of them needed . there are so many aspects to the friendship between the men that it is hard to delve into all of the different facets . at the end of the movie mckellen tries to make another frankenstein monster out of fraser . i find this incredibly sad yet i understand the motive behind mckellen 's actions . the man is sufferring and is ready to leave this world and he knows exactly what to do to try and make fraser turn on hjm . but the bond that is shared between them is too strong and he can not go through with it . i just love the way this movie transcends stereotypical assumptions and ideas and shows the type of friendship and relationship that can develop between two men from different worlds and have it mean something . this movie is great and shows the depth of the human heart and what it is capable of when you open up the heart and let someone see the real person inside . it really is a beautifjul thing .
 Based on the intriguing novel FATHER OF FRANKENSTEIN by Christopher Bram , GODS AND MONSTERS is an excellent character study that explores the final weeks in the life of famed 1930s-era film director James Whale . Whale is , of course , best known today for his films like FRANKENSTEIN , THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN , and THE INVISIBLE MAN . When Whale quit directing at the peak of his career in the late 1930s , he retired to a somewhat reclusive but comfortable life at his California estate . Nearly two decades later , he was found dead in his swimming pool , and though ruled a suicide , the circumstances of his death have never been satisfactorily resolved . GODS AND MONSTERS seeks to recount those last days of Whale 's life by filling in the factual gaps with informed speculation , and the result is a gripping and well-acted drama that won the 1998 Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay.As the openly gay and artistically effete director James Whale , Ian McKellen delivers an Oscar-calibre performance -LRB- he was nominated but did not win -RRB- . McKellen , himself candidly homosexual , plays the role with strong insight and conviction . Unafraid to show Whale 's weaknesses as well as strengths , he adequately evokes the pathos necessary to make Whale a character that even the homophobes in the audience can learn to care about . Brendan Fraser also gives an affecting performances as Whale 's heterosexual and rough-around-the-edges gardener Clay Boone . Though the character Clay is himself homophobic , he eventually develops a more-or-less platonic friendship with Whale and learns to value certain aspects of Whale 's world view . Also of note is the appearance of Lynn Redgrave , who delivers an over-the-top -- and Oscar nominated -- performance as Whale 's ultraconservative and disapproving housekeeper.Aficionados of the horror genre are likely to delight in the numerous clips from Whale 's THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN , as well as the excellent reenactments of certain events involved in the creation of that film . -LRB- It is THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN , as any horror fan can tell you , from which the title GODS AND MONSTERS is drawn . -RRB- Buffs should also enjoy the fictional account of a chance dinner-party reunion of Whale and his `` monsters '' Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester.Carter Burwell 's musical score for GODS AND MONSTERS is truly one of the most beautiful and haunting works from the contemporary cinema . It is at times soothing or melancholy , while at other times it is eerie , mysterious , and even downright spooky . In another era , Burwell 's music would have just as easily worked for THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN or THE INVISIBLE MAN.But a word of caution is in order . In spite of all its good qualities , GODS AND MONSTERS is not the type of film that will appeal to all audiences . If you are a person who is easily offended by blatant allusions to the gay lifestyle or homosexual practices , certain bits of dialogue and a few scenes here and there are likely to disturb or upset you . On the other hand , if you are not homophobic and are tolerant of the depiction of alternate lifestyles in the cinema , you may find this film to be an affecting theatrical experience .
 This movie is a masterpiece . IMHO , it is flawless in every aspect . Words can not describe how wonderful these actors are . Ian McKellen has definitely dominated the show . He is like a beautiful centerpiece that is made of diamond . I could n't move my eyes away from him . And Brendan Fraser is equally good ; his strength is not a bit weaker than his counterpart . That is admirable . Finally , Lynn Redgrave , she has shone through the whole movie . She 's perfect . The story telling is magically , the director , the screenwriter , the musician ; the whole production team has done an incredible work to bring this tragedy story to live . These people are brilliant ; they know their stuff ; they know life ; there is no doubt about that . What amazes me is that they also have a loving heart and that makes this movie extra special .
 This film was , without a doubt , the most original , beautiful , artful films of the year . It contains touching , fully realized performances by three masters of the form . McKellen exhibits an unfathomable emotional range that is far beyond the capacity of any actor today . Fraser , who has been unfairly overlooked and underestimated in the past shows audiences that he possesses the depth , talent , confidence and versatility to be considered the best Hollywood has to offer . He gives me hope that the mold was not broken after the Cary Grants and Gary Coopers of an older and , dare I say better , Hollywood .
 I watched this fabulous movie last night with my friends -LRB- who had alreday seen it -RRB- and loved it . There 's so much food for thought in it
 The first time I watched this film on video I was completely drawn in . I found Ian McClellan as James Whale both sinister and appealing in a strange way . His `` stalking '' of Clay Boone , the gardener , made me extremely uneasy and the revelation of his actual plans for Boone appalled me - he was so unconcerned with what might happen to anyone other than himself . After a second viewing , I realised that this was primarily a movie about loneliness and the unlikely attachments between these three main characters . It 's possible to watch this film on several levels and get a lot out of it - very thought provoking , and beautifully shot . McClellan and Redford are consistently wonderful - Fraser finally gets to turn in a non-comic performance with some heft to it . Anyone who has seen `` School Ties '' knows that Brendan Fraser can act - unfortunately , up until Gods & Monsters he 's mostly been tapped for his comic timing . His role in G&M should have given his dramatic career some impetus , although it does n't seem to have done so just yet.This movie is ultimately about the struggle to connect with others and make sense of our lives . If you feel up to thinking after a movie , get this one !
 This film is as poignant now as it was when I first saw it in ' 99 , and am very glad to own it on DVD as one of my favourites . The settings , costume styles , and score make it worth seeing second from the brilliant script and performances by such great actors as Sir Ian McKellen , Brendan Fraser , and sadly missed Lynn Redgrave -LRB- RIP -RRB- . This is a truly correct blend of talent that is reminiscent of another film released that year , `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' , as well as many of the classics . Great art makes me cry , as this film 's end did in ' 99 , and still does today . If you are interested in classic films , and high intellectual art , this DVD is for you . I should like to have it on Blu-ray .
 I thought I had already reviewed this product . I love this movieI hate when the site updates there sites and ca n't keep the ratings and notes on the items .
 I have to say the movie was much better then I expected it to be . . I really enjoyed the ending and the meaning behind him befriending a `` strong type '' guy ... get this movie . . u wont be disappointed !!
 Although the issue of growing older in American society contains similar features for people of all backgrounds , Gods and Monsters sheds some light on the gay perspective of the `` golden years . `` Reduced to living on fantasies in the past , an aging and ailing James Whale , Director of the Frankenstein movies in the 1930s , finds pleasure in being attracted to his straight young yard man.To me , what gives the story an extra layer of depth is Whale 's ultimate reliance upon Clayton Boone -LRB- the yard guy -RRB- to help him try and achieve what we all could potentially and privately seek due to our American social mores.BTW
 There is so much to love about this film it 's hard to know where to begin . Ian MacKellan is brilliant as the director James Whale ; Brandon Fraser is perfect as his `` monster '' , and Lynn Redgrave is wonderful as his long-suffering maid Hanna . The three are the perfect ensemble and compliment each other perfectly.There are so many layers and dimensions to the story . Each time I watch it , I discover more to love about it . I heartily recommend this movie although not everyone will understand the deeper meaning . And it 's definitely not for those who are homophobic , but those with an open mind will love it .
 After watching the movie -LRB- which I watched alone -RRB- , I stood in my living room , in front of my TV , and applauded yelling BRAVO BRAVO !!! Every applaud , whistle , and bravo shout was so deserving for the actors and this wonderfully moving story . Those who gave this movie ` one star ' completely missed what the movie was about . Sad for them .
 This movie is about the rekationship between shamed movie director , James Whale , and his hired landscaper . Whale was the director of both `` Frankenstein '' and `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' whose career lost traction after his homosexuality became common knowledge in Hollywood . Sir Ian McKellan plays Whale as a sly , manipulative , middle-aged man dealing with the end of his creative life . Brendan Fraser is the straight gardener that is a fan of Whale 's `` Frankenstein '' films and sees a world that he would not have experienced if he had not met the director . Fraser gives a strong performance as a young man trying to find himself , and is not always comfortable with Whales ' attempts to manipulate him . Wish Fraser would take on my roles like this because he shows a different side of himself than he does when he takes on his usual lighter roles . Lynn Redgrave is also wonderful as Whale 's housekeeper . She disapproves of her employer 's lifestyle yet loves him unconditionally.McKellan and Redgrave both received Academy Awards for their roles . I would have liked to see Fraser nominated as well.This is a film that would be of interest to film buffs , fans that like good acting and for those who like their films with physcological overtones .
 Branded Fraser is at his best in this film . If I recall , many oscar nominations . The `` father '' of the Frankensten movies , etc. , bio but with a twist . I do n't wish to give away the plot if you have n't seen it . A must add to your video collection .
 The film deals with the old , ill - but sparkling and witty - horror-movie instructor , James Whale -LRB- played brilliantly by Ian McKellen -RRB- and the friendship he cultivates with his handsome , hunky gardener , Clayton Boone -LRB- played very well by Brendan Fraser . In my opinion it is the best performance in his career , so far . -RRB- The role as James Whale 's housekeeper is a minor role , but well played and characterized -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- . The interaction between McKellen and Fraser is what makes this film funny , witty , intelligent and touching . It has become a movie classic - do yourself a favour and watch it !
 I never really knew of Mr. Whales ' history as an `` out '' director , at a time when homosexuality was `` swept under the rug '' , , considered a sickness , & VERY hush-hush . The 3 main characters could not have been played any better . In my opionion , Ms. Redgraves finest performance , and Sir Ian 's as well.Brendan Fraser was perfectly cast as the gardner whose physical stature somewhat resembles `` Frankenstien '' to Sir Ians ' James Whale . The photogrpahy , direction , sets , costumes , and the remarkable resemblance of stars gone by are what makes this film 1 of my all-time faves .
 Bill Condon 's Gods and Monsters is one of the most beautiful , elegiac films of the last fifteen years . It is a fictionalized , speculative film about the last days of the great golden-age Hollywood director , James Whale , who is best remembered for directing several Universal horror classics , such as The Old Dark House -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , The Invisible Man -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , and The Bride of Frankenstein -LRB- 1935 -RRB- . When Gods and Monsters was released it received very good reviews , but several critics , obviously uncomfortable with the film 's depiction of Whale 's open homosexuality , managed to slip in comments regarding the director 's `` hedonism . '' One wonders whether , if the film 's subject had been the hetero charm of a Gary Cooper or Errol Flynn , would those same critics have written a praising pat on the back for the celluloid studs ? Regardless , Gods and Monsters , while simplistic , is brave in its depiction of Whale 's sexual preference ; yet the film also strangely holds back from damning Hollywood 's blatant hypocrisy regarding Whale 's fall from grace.Ian McKellen , Brendan Fraser , and especially Lynn Redgrave give superlative performances . Fraser 's Clay Boone is Whale 's Frankenstein/Adonis of a gardener . Boone is slow on the uptake when it comes to realizing that his retired celebrity employer -LRB- McKellen -RRB- is more than just an odd artist . When Hannah , Whale 's maid -LRB- Redgrave -RRB- , lets the cat out of the bag , Boone 's initial reaction is one of subdued violence . However , Boone soon finds himself missing Whale 's anecdotes and returns to his employer 's studio , securing a promise from Whale to `` go easy on the fag stuff . `` Whale gives a `` scout 's honor '' but , of course , slips when reminiscing about a male lover in the great war . Boone utters the lines that every gay man or woman has heard from a homophobe , `` You must think the whole world is gay . I 've got news for you , it 's not . '' Boone is a failed Marine , and directionless in life . Whale 's career accomplishments , along with his service as an officer in the war , attract the young man . The Whale that Boone now sees is aged , gay , and suffering the effects of a stroke , true , but he is still the type of figure Boone was hoping to meet in HollywoodLand.Due to the stroke , Whale frequently lapses into the not-so nostalgic past , which he has spent his life covering up . He poignantly describes his family to the transfixed gardener , `` I had imagination , creativity and wit . Where did I get that ? Certainly not from them . It was like a family of farmers had been given a giraffe and did not know what to do with the creature , except harness it . `` Yet , it was hardly the pedestrian mindsets of poor , family Brits that ruined Whale . Whale was harnessed and then undone by the equally pedestrian corporate mindsets of the Hollywood studio system . Flinching from fully portraying Hollywood 's betrayal of Whale 's talent is where the film fails . The Road Back -LRB- 1937 -RRB- was a film that had been on Whale 's mind and heart for some time . It was to be his personal statement against the war . Gods and Monsters tells us that much , but then short shifts the emotional , more complex truth . According to Condon 's script the studio simply did n't like the film , added some slapstick , and the result was a bomb for which Whale was blamed , thus destroying his career.Actually , the truth is political . The Jewish heads of Universal studios were , in fact , threatened with a ban from the Nazis , due to The Road Back ` s unflattering portrayal of Germany . The studio heads backed down and Whale was ruined . Hollywood has never been known for its moral courage . Charles Chaplin faced the same backlash with The Great Dictator -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . Carl Foreman -LRB- High Noon , 1952 -RRB- was among those blacklisted with the aid of Hollywood rethuglicans John Wayne and Howard Hawks . When Mel Gibson 's Passion of the Christ -LRB- 2004 -RRB- was released churches were taking kids by the busload to see this `` Lethal Jesus '' porn and Wal-Mart stocked its shelves when the DVD was released . The trillion or so dollars it racked in effectively silenced criticisms of its blatant anti-Semitism , and only now after Mel 's repeated foot-in-mouth incidents can anyone point out the `` I told you so . `` Up against institutional politics , Whale was deemed the idiosyncratic freak . It was not Whale 's sexual orientation , but his refusal to back down to the Nazis that sealed his fate . The atheistic director was put out to pasture by Executives , who just happened to be Jewish , who were fearful of offending Adolf Hitler . Ironically , by doing so , those same execs helped put their horror franchise permanently out of business . The post-Whale Frankenstein films were , in Whale 's words , directed by second-rate hacks . The franchise 's later films were copies of Whale 's visionary originals , and it did not take audiences long to tire of the unimaginative repetition.This is a vital element in Whale 's story and , alas , it is an often told story , especially in Hollywood . When executives interfere with the artistic vision , in a dollars and sense mindset , they wind up sabotaging their golden-egged goose . Whale , Orson Welles , Tim Burton -LRB- with the Batman franchise -RRB- and most recently Sam Raimi -LRB- with the Spider-Man franchise -RRB- are prominent examples . By toning down that elemental part of the story , Condon emotionally diminishes Whale 's renegade spirit . Whale 's sexuality was a vital part of him and Condon is to be applauded for depicting that , but homosexuality was only a fragment of that spirit . His stubborn artistry was what drove him and , eventually , got him banished.That -LRB- big point -RRB- aside , the rest of the film holds true . Whale 's eventual decision is a noble one . By placing quality of life over quantity , Whale displays a brave , true morality . He wrong-headedly attempts to solicit Boone 's assistance in helping carry out his plan . However , he sees Boone for what he is ; a big pussycat . Whale repents for misjudging his gardener . Whale too could stereotype , and he realizes this most poignantly . Frasier excels here and he rounds out his character so well that one laments more roles like this did not follow for him . As excellent as Frasier is in the role of Boone , Lynn Redgrave is perfect in the role of Hannah . She is a pre-Vatican II , unattractive middle-aged Catholic widow . She chastises her employer 's ways , but she truly loves him , and in a moment of crisis that she becomes fully Catholic , praying for Jimmy to have a better life ahead , and feeling he deserves it . We can relate . McKellen as Whale is mesmerizing and we can easily identify with Hannah 's devotion to him . Redgrave completely disappears in her role , almost to the point of being unrecognizable . She intentionally bears a similarity to Whale character actress Una O'Connor , but takes that character to a unpredictable level . She is simply amazing , and when crisis comes her way , she tackles it with guts and empathy.By focusing more prominently on Whale 's sexuality , as opposed to his artistry , Gods and Monsters , unlike Redgrave , falls a bit shy of hitting the mark . Still , it is an exceptionally intimate , sublime film that will make you fall in love with these people and , with that said , criticisms are rendered superfluous . * MY REVIEW ORIGINALLY APPEARED AT 366 WEIRD MOVIES
 I have the Live From New Haven DVD and was n't very impressed with the audio and picture quality . This VHS has a better picture quality and it sounded better . Not only that but it had back stage footage AND Pat Benatar performing `` Little Paradise '' as the last encore which was n't shown on the Live From New Haven DVD / or that 1998 VHS release . Also included was the video Love Is A Battlefield as it was a quick promo for the upcoming LP Live From Earth . I can not find anywhere where she sings Little Paradise Live so I feel like the lucky few now !
 Originally released in 1983 , this is a 90-minute video of a show that was recorded live at the Pacific Amphitheatre in Los Angeles . The full track listing is Macarthur Park , Love Is In Control , Unconditional Love -LRB- with Musical Youth -RRB- , Romeo , Do n't Cry For Me Argentina , On The Radio , Woman , One Night Only , Stop In The Name Of Love , a medley of -LRB- a -RRB- Dim All The Lights -LRB- b -RRB- Sunset People -LRB- c -RRB- Bad Girls -LRB- d -RRB- Hot Stuff , followed by Last Dance , She Works Hard For The Money , State Of Independence . This is very much the post-disco Donna , the pop singer and chanteuse , as attested by the absence of her earlier disco hits like I Feel Love . Donna maintains the interest throughout and it must have been a memorable concert .
 Those that have criticized this concert recording on this page obviously do n't really know Donna 's performing history.She is without doubt one of the greatest voices of all time . If you do n't think so , listen carefully to the first several bars of an original recording of `` Dim All the Lights '' and tell me who else comes close ! For that matter , her entire `` Bad Girls '' 2 disc album was the absolute zenith of the Disco Era , and won unprecedented accolades from even those music critics who had always dripped nothing but disdain for everything disco.That said , however , her live on-stage performance presence always did leave something to be desired -LRB- can you say rather wooden -RRB- UNTIL her `` Live and More Encore '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- era.In addition to finally leaving other personal issues behind , her work performing on the theatrical stage just before that 1999 `` comeback '' combined to truly make an amazingly astonishing difference and improved her concert stage work to true brilliance.Regardless , her voice has ALWAYS been beyond phenomenal.I was actually in the audience at the taping of this Hot Summer Night concert at the Pacific Amphitheatre back in 1983 ... if you watch it , look for the extremely tall guy -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 6 '' -RRB- in the audience wearing a very bright red jacket ... you ca n't miss me ... lol
 This concert recording is well worth the effort to find , as it contains some very rare live versons of Summer 's 80 's work.During her 1983 tour she bascilly had 2 new albums out -LRB- She Works Hard For The Money , and Donna Summer -RRB- , and another album recorded but not yet released -LRB- I 'm A Rainbow -RRB- . See my reviews of all of these recordings.Here is the breakdown of songs included on the set list from these albums ; Donna Summer ; Love Is In Control , State of Independance.She Works Hard . . ; She Works Hard ... , Women , Unconditional Love.I 'm A Rainbow ; Romeo , Do n't Cry For Me Argentina.Cats Without Claws -LRB- from 1984 -RRB- ; Forgive Me.Romeo was also released that year on the soundtrack to Flashdance , and was added to the set list by requests from fans early in the tour . Do n't Cry For Me Argentina , was also part of her 1981 greatest hits Tour , and became a show highlight , and to me the read here is the best . A short verson of her mega-hit opens the show -LRB- MacArthur Park -RRB- , and On The Radio and a stellar Last Dance are also featured . A 4 song medly represents the landmark Bad Girls album , and contains Dim All The Lights , Sunset People , Bad Girls and Hot Stuff.Since the late 1980 's , Donna has returned to doing her Greatest Hits as the basis for her live shows , and her concerts to this day have become a giant celebration , with the venues becoming huge dance halls . This concert gives us a rare view of what Donna had hoped to achieve in a decade domintaed by Madonna , and Prince .
 The first exposure I had to this concert was on the ` Endless Summer
 There was never a doubt that Donna Summers could sing . However , we get her putting on a wonderful show this Hot Summers Night .
 In regard to this concert , it was hands down one of her BEST performances ever . Her voice is pitch perfect as if she just came out of the studio . Everything about this concert was perfect especially being introduced to Tina Arena ... what a set of lungs !!!! not to mention just how they harmonize pitch perfect . The whole concert is just a must have , recorded in California.Ive been waiting for the remaster onto Blu-ray , this is just the best , you cant help but feel good and be overwhelmed by the musicians and singers . I keep buying copies of this VHS looking for one that is in pristine shape until they get their collective -LRB- you know what together -RRB- and produce a perfect transfer into Hi-Def sound and video . Cant wait ... its way over due fellas ... get to it !! In regard to the tape sent me buy the seller , I havent had an opportunity to watch it yet , but the seller has earned respect with their ratings so I took a chance on the strength of the sellers reviews . Thanks for a clean product , in very good cosmetic shape so hopefully that will come through when playing it . Thanks ... J.Casper
 It would be awesome if they would release this on DVD ! True Donna Summer fans would purchase this if it were ! I definately would !!!
 A Hot Summer Night ... with Donna -LSB- VHS -RSB- by Donna Summer , Nathan AlfordAFTER LONG LONG TIME , I FINALLY GOT IT , IN A SMOOTH TRANSACTION
 Donna Summer has never really been able to define herself in the video era . In the pre-video 70s , she was easily the top pop female artist with powerful vocals and a full repertoire of disco-pop styling . But in the video era , where fashion and dancing are more important than vocals -LRB- Madonna anyone ? -RRB- Summer clumsily moved from rag-tag Wanderer -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , to funk queen -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , to weary waitress -LRB- 1983 -RRB- . Her vocal versatility was difficult to carry over to the video world where image is everything . This disparity is apparent in her live concerts as well . In the 1983 concert tape , `` A Hot Summer Night '' , shot at an SRO concert in Costa Mesa , CA , Summer tries a bit of Vegas showgirl with sequine-covered gowns , rock diva , and Evita -LRB- ! -RRB- . Sometimes Summer tries a Bette Midler camp , telling naughty anecdotes in breathy Mae West tones , and sometimes she 's Cher , eager with that audience participation . While the concert tape is never dull , it 's a shame that Summer did n't stop playing the chameleon and recognized that she could have a very strong image of her own . END
 I love Air Supply . These guys are so far out . Russell Hitchcock and Graham Russell just bleed talent . They play their biggest hits of this time in their career . `` Even the Nights are Better '' is absolutely flawless . I 'm a 14 year old guy , and I love Air Supply . I know alot of people do n't like the whole love song thing.But these guys are so talented . `` All Out of Love '' , `` The One that You Love '' , `` Lost in Love '' , `` Every Woman in the World '' , and other hits like `` Now and Forever '' are present on this amazing display of vocal ability . `` Here I Am -LRB- just when I thought I was over you '' is absoultey amazing . All you fellow airheads out there , there are some pretty rare performances . `` I Ca n't Get Excited '' , `` Do n't Turn Me Away '' , and `` I 've Got Your Love '' , and a really rocking version of `` Sweet Dreams '' and `` This Heart Belongs to Me '' . Anybody who appreciates talent and good music will love this video .
 This was the best thing I could ever have gotten my girlfriend for her birthday . She loves Air Supply and has been a fan since she was 16 -LRB- she is 46 now -RRB- . The tape plays beautifully , I just wish I could get her a copy on DVD also .
 this is the best live concert of `` air supply '' in my opinion . sad that there is no dvd copy of this one but the vhs copy is outstanding . their best songs were performed here , basically all their hits for that matter . you can never go wrong getting this vhs copy . i highly recommend this concert in hawaii . five stars !
 I have loved this anime for years . Originally an older anime , but even watching it today I can honestly say I would rank it in my top 5 anime series . Probably every eight months or so I watch through it again , mostly because I 'm bored . I get drawn into it all over again , and never get that nostalgia-breaking sense of `` how did I enjoy this '' . Great pacing , great comedy , entertaining characters that you ca n't wait to see what they do next.I watched with the Japanese language , so the English dubbing that came out more recently sounds strange to me . However it is a great show . They may sound a bit different , but the characters are still there.I 've introduced it to family and friends , and all that have watched it loved it from beginning to end.There 's many ways to watch this show , but this is worth adding to an anime collection . If for no other reason than to be able to watch it with the Japanese language commercial free.p.s . If you do n't love Apachai , you have no soul . : P
 The Mightiest Disciple was such an amazing series ! I enjoyed every bit of this shounen anime . The comedy was silly enough to make you smile , which was a relief . The shounen genre is always at risk for nauseating repetitive comedy but this one was something new , different . I was pleased to discover only one annoying character and light fan-service because nothing could destroy a series easier than ignorant characters and random panty shots . A great story , interesting characters , and thought-provoking dialogue makes this show and instant winner in my book !
 omg this is so epic , i watched episode 1 , to see if its good and it was , anyway im still waiting for my package
 My husband and I have come to love this show . It is very appropriate for children too . It is so funny and the story line is really well put together . I highly highly recommend .
 It has good taste in everything , comedy , morals and action , all in perfect balance . The animation , the music and love of cats ! I feel the artistic hand of the same makers of trigun , even the mole on mius cheek !
 I must admit I bought this anime for my girlfriend , she is just getting into anime and picked it out at random , so it was a very random not really thought about purchase . But I am still plesantly surprised by this purchase . Funny and action work well together in this anime . All the people in the anime are ones you want to learn about . Especially Kenichi himself . Ca n't wait to check out the rest of the show and hopefully if it ends well I 'll be picking up the next season .
 This series had to be one of the funniest . Weak guy . Hot girl . Six masters . When I first saw the name I thought this is going to be boring . The whole time all I could was laugh . One of the best .
 This one is also one of my favs . I think the characters are very likeable
 For those of you who bought Kenichi season 1 part 1 and part 2 and so on so on . This is why you should not . Funimation always does this , they release part a season for how many seasons then they release full season sets . They did it Fullmetal , Kenichi , and DBZ kai and are still continuing to do it . This is why I wait till they release proper season sets . Enough about that , this show is great and with a full season set , this is the verison to buy . It has a good story , and great action . It is not a thinking mans anime , it is just pure fun and action . Something to sit back releax and look at action and laugh . Kenichi is a must buy for anime fans who are into this .
 video came in good condition didnt come with the sleeve but besides that great service.love the shows humor and morals .
 Excellent product & Series , funny , engaging with fun charetcers and story lines what more could you possible want ... there is even a mouse
 Kenichi is definitely worth buying . It 's full of humor and action , and who does n't think that a guying being shown up by a female martial artist is funny .
 I Love this show we should get a new season ! If you like a guy who fights for the weak then you will love this show .
 If you are aware of what the series is , and are merely concerned about the particular packaging , worry not , for it is a great set . As far as the series itself goes , this set contains the first half of the series -LRB- as of the date this is written , but with high hopes , perhaps one day there will be more seasons of this series -RRB- and essentially introduces a bunch of the main characters , while including some of the intensity the series contains , although most of that intensity is n't available until the next season . If you are familiar with the manga , know that the anime detracts from the original version slightly -LRB- though honestly , what series does n't -RRB- , though there is n't any need for concern , for it is still a comedic/philosophical/unforgettable experience that is well worth owning .
 What can you say about anime shows ! Man been watching them for over 30 years before people called them anime and ectra . Simple story line , great books ! Books are a lot better to read , personl choice . Show great too ! Though this kid really seems more like a fraidy cat a lot ! But when something going down or his moral choices are pushed . He stands for what he beleives ! Story line about kid who people know him as being week . He gets tired of being week and wants to improve himself . He meets a strange girl who have a lot of mystery around her.In all , great story line where you see , week person strands up , take lots of beetings . Then meets strange master marshal artest and learns marshal arts . Like all Kong-fu movies . Only thing is , he learns not just one type of marshal arts !
 This is a very funny and entertaining show from the first episode to the last one of the season . If you want real fighting that does not have super powers or strange abilities this is the series for you .
 I bought this anime collection for my boyfriend for our anniversary and he was very pleased . It was exactly the one he wanted and he 's watched it a couple times now and I have n't heard any complaints about the quality .
 One of me newest and my favorite of recent shows . Its funny and well executed if a bit less than original . My only real complaint is that they did n't make more seasons . Do n't let this one pass you bye , get it . Love it !
 classic story of the weak kid wanting to get stronger . It has a great story line with stunning martial arts and humor .
 An anime series about a boy learning martial-arts from a gang of masters sounds ... kinda boring . Fortunately it 's anything but -- `` Kenichi
 An anime series about a boy learning martial-arts from a gang of masters sounds ... kinda boring . Fortunately it 's anything but -- `` Kenichi
 I watched this series as a martial artist ... I enjoyed the comedy and the story line i highly recommend this series -LRB- if the preview of the series interest you you wont be disappointed -RRB- The series is about a kid who trains his hardest in martial arts dispute his lack of natural skill in the arts ... this has a lot to offer -LRB- martial arts comedy and soo much more -RRB- its definitely worth owning both seasons
 I 'm not going to spoil the show for you all I 'm going to say is that this could just be the best anime of 2010 . I 'm not sure since I have n't seen every anime produced in 2010 `` YET '' but you really just ca n't beat Kenichi . And I would actually give season 2 six stars if I could .
 Kenichi is a high school student . He 's kind of a wimp and he 's always getting picked on . He meets Miu . Miu 's hot , understanding of his troubles , and willing to help . Her grandfather runs a dojo where 6 masters live . Kenichi is invited to live with Miu at her dojo and receive hellish martial arts training . He 's not a natural but he 's determined to beat up the bad guys and win Miu 's heart . There are lots of wacky martial arts comedy moments and awesome fight scenes . This anime is loaded . Great story , tons of interesting characters , good animation , and lots of comedy . Everything about this anime is great ! The more you watch the more addicted you get . I love `` Kenichi
 Slapstick and martial arts come together and oh , did I mention the fan service ? It 's all here ! Oh , and there 's also a story in there too . Kenichi 's a silly , hopeless fool who wants to get into the dojo at his school so badly but there 's only one small problem ... well , he 's a wimp . Plain and simple . Enter Miu , the pretty judo neighbor . Underneath that physical powerhouse is a heart of gold and a fist of steel ... not to mention legs that could break a stone wall into a million pieces just by smacking it with them once or twice . And as fate may have it , she 's a sweetie too . She has taking a liking to our hero and therein lies the problem . Because of this attraction , this has made him the hatred of every guy in his class as if they did n't hate him enough already . So Miu could only think of one thing to do for him ... take him to train with her at her grandfather 's dojo.Laughter and pain is felt all around as the story is told through the first 25 episodes and it 's some of the most fun I 've had in years ! Martial arts has never been more fun ! ^_^
 Kenichi the mightiest disciple is a title i would recommend to anyone . It 's fast , funny , action packed , and will leave you wanting more . Sad to see that the manga is still going strong and the anime stopped after the first story arc . There 's enough material for lots of new seasons . Hopefully , there are in the works .
 First , not for children due to violence , content and fan-service , though nothing too graphic . A very good story , but be aware it continues in season two parts one and two without break . -LRB- It does not stand as a story on it 's own -RRB- . This is one series I 'm glad I picked up . The comedy is funny , the martial arts are mostly taken seriously -LRB- It IS a comedy -RRB- , and the romance is n't soppy and over-done . The story develops well , if somewhat predictably in parts , and is well written and produced . I 'm still watching the last of season 2 pt2 , so I ca n't comment on how the series ends . I 'll review them when I am done , so check there .
 I had seen part of this anime in the TV on Demand and It look good and was very funny . I decided to purchase it thru Amazon and I believe is the best idea I had . I recommend this to anyone that likes to watch anime and likes to laugh . I would recommend to also get season two I know you will love it.Enjoy
 A Story that starts out with a wimp who manages to build up strength while learning several different martial art disciplines at once makes for an awsome story .
 This is one of my favorite movies . A very thought-provoking film , hysterically funny and well done . I love the work of Dominic Anciano and Ray Burdis -LRB- including the British tv series `` Operation Good Guys '' -RRB- and think they 're very underrated . This move is excellent on several levels . # 1 It 's creative and something that has n't been done before - the concept of what people would REALLY be like if we were secretly taped -LRB- not the MTV Real World cra.p of someone losing their temper - oooh ! - , getting drunk or being caught after a one night stand -RRB- but someone on the toilet , knicking a few bob from a friend , talking about disabled people , hitting his girlfriend or sticking a pool cue up his behind on a dare from friends . It 's about exposing hypocrisy . In all their work Burdis and Anciano have a real flare for truly realistic characters , dialogue and situations while still bringing in some fresh air . # 2 . The plot is great and you do n't see what 's coming in the end . It unfolds beautifully I think . B&A also use the same group of actors in their work which gives their stuff an edge I think . You feel like you 're sitting around with a group of friends . Make more films you guys !!!!
 A word of mouth film . In turn sordid , fascinating , voyeuristic and sensational . The filmmakers take the wake theme and give it a new twist . From beyond the grave , Jude Law narrates and shows a film of his friends to his friends . They are shown as cowards , cheats , petty criminals , adulterers and ultimately murderers . The end is a shocker . The acting superb , in that `` fly on the wall '' documentary style . Ray Whinstone steals most of his scenes . Check him out in Sexy Beast and Final Orders .
 Jude Law . Nuff said.But really - what a bizarrely made film . Man dies , and leaves behind a film documentary that he secretly taped of all his friends in their real and private moments . It his wish that they all watch the film together at the funeral.And then the fun & chaos begin ... How carefully Sadie , Jude 's widow , sits there studying each face in the room as each friend is revealed in their naked and raw moments . As each ugly truth is pranced on the screen for all to see.But Sadie never gives anything away.Ray Winstone -LRB- SEXY BEAST -RRB- taught me a whole slew of new Cockney curses .
 strolling though blockbuster has become an everyday occurance due to the movie pass that has come about in the last few months . when i came across this film on the shelf it seemed like and intersting conscept and turned out to be much more than i expected ... the film opens with a dedication to Jude who has passed away in October of 98 . as freinds gather at his house for the reception it is evident that these are friends who were closest to him . after greeting they all move into the den where they are shown something that noone expected and/or will recover from . Jude 's wife Sadie anounces that as a request by Jude she will show a tape that he had worked on for the last 2 years of his life . Sadie has already seen the tape and declares that it has comforted her through this time , which is untrue and only sets up what comes next.when the tape begins its as you would expect this sort of thing to be . a naration by Jude and even a friendly little melody and montage to start things off . from here , though , the tape begins to reveal the true side of each person in the room , some funny , some embaracing , and some that will ruin bonds of friendship forever . it even includes a secret of Jude himself , which sets up a fanale ` with a twist that will slap you square in the face.the acting in this film is superb . to be able to pull off such a real shock , anger , disbileif , and ebarisment is a reflection of the talent of the actors on board . as you begin to learn of and know the characters you find yourself wondering , `` could this be for real ? `` this movie was briliantly done and one i am glad that i stumbled accross , though gets little publicity . if you do see this , and enjoy it recomend it to your friends , it might be the only time they hear of it . also if this movie intruiged you here are a couple of other movies that play as a biography
 and especially British underground cult movies , check out `` Final Cut '' - and then `` Love , Honour & Obey '' -LRB- the sequel , written by the same two guys , and featuring the same set of actors -RRB- . The first time I saw `` Final Cut '' back in 98 I was gripped by the edgy , rawness of this `` reality movie '' format , and the shear thought-provoking nature of the film . -LRB- I mean , who can you really trust . . ? -RRB- One of the reasons I think the film works so well is because the actors -LRB- in both movies -RRB- are all friends in real life and part of what 's called the `` Primrose Hill '' set . Note too that the characters all take the names of the actors . For those who are Ray Winstone and Jude Law fans , these early performances helped launched their careers and rightly so . A great movie -LRB- if you do n't have to be entertained by non-stop action , special effects , etc. and you can understand the dialogue and accents ! -RRB- .
 if you have come to search for this movie here , then it is likely that someone has told you about it already . As it was only by chance that I came upon it and I am so glad that I did . A highly intelligent film , with a fantastic cast . Not only an entertaining couple of hours spent in front of the box , but a lasting , thought provoking story to go with it.I would do the movie an injustice to try to do a synopsis of what the story is , and so I can only rave on about the experience I had whilst and after seeing it . I ca n't believe how few people have heard about it , and I just wish that it is easier to get ahold of copies!This movie will leave you thinking `` oh my gosh , that could really happen ... what if ... '' I hope you do purchase it as you wont have any regrets .
 Watched in complete disbelief , how they can act like this - complete immersion in the characters with tonns of minute detail with such level of creativity . Ray Winstone and Jude Law are especially impressive .
 If you are a fan of Golden Earring this is a video to own if you can get hold of it ! I own the original 1984 pressing long out of print and got it for a birthday present way back in the day ! This I first saw on MTV back when and this is not a regular boaring old concert video . It starts off with a nice 5 min filmed scene that is based on the classic `` Twilight Zone '' video then goes into the concert and througout the concert there are many people from this band 's great original video clips . Not to mention , im not a fan of live music . . but Golden Earring was one group that performed just as great live if not better on some tracks -LRB- the live version of `` Long Blond Animal '' is absolut classic and beats the original studio recording -RRB- . So if you remember Golden Earring or are still a fan like myself following them in their still music making overseas to this day . . if you do n't own this and can get hold of it somehow , it 's highly recomended !! Also , do n't miss Cezar 's kick ... drum solo/show in the middle of `` Radar Love '' . . i 've loved that part since I was a kid !
 This is a very good recording of the band in their prime years . A must buy for Golden Earring fans .
 Santana live by request is an excellent dvd , its a must see , must have . Guitar solos and percussion are always awesome .
 Like allways santana is the best guitar man with its incredible sound from the time from Woodstock
 Santana is a pro , so this video rocks . It 's a small club , and so very comfortable of a video to watch . Highly recommended , A + + .
 One of the first albums I ever bought was Abraxas , way back around ' 71 . I loved Carlos 's fiery guitar playing and aggressive , percussive rythms , and bought all subsequent Santana releases until the early 80s . At that point I felt Santana became too `` pop '' oriented and I lost interest . I guess I ca n't blame Carlos for his more recent incorporation of world and hip hop in his music , if you want to sell records and survive as a musician , you have to give the people what they want , and virtuoso lead guitar does n't sell like it did 30 plus years ago.When I saw that the new `` Live by Request '' DVD included older songs like Soul Sacrifice and Evil Ways and my all time Santana favorite `` Europa '' I decided I had to check it out.To my surprise Carlos plays extremely well , and the old songs have lost very little over the years . One of the newer pieces -LRB- DA LE -RRB- Yaleo includes some nice jazz/rock fusion , sounding a little bit like music from the Lotus release way back when . Carlos is wearing a John Coltrane `` Love Supreme '' T shirt , which seems to set the tone for some fine playing and indicates that , despite surrounding himself with a lot of new `` pop '' stars , he has n't forgotten his roots and inspiration . When the hip hoppers jump on stage , I simply jump to the next track . All in all , a very enjoyable DVD for an old Santana fan like me . The camera work and sound are very good , but I rate the DVD 4 stars because the set is only about an hour long .
 It may be `` same old , same old '' as Supernatural but its a great video and no complaints about the audio . Wish it was longer , its still value for money . Its Santana !
 Watching Carlos Santana and his band on this DVD brings to me a special enjoyment . What an incredible harmony between him and his highly talented keyboardist Chester Thompson . This Thompson guy is absolutely genious , and the two together consist the heart and soul of the band . Just listen to the organ improvising theme of OYE COMO VA , EVIL WAYS and SOUL SACRIFICE , and you 'll understand what I mean . No underestimation of other band members . . All of them are great . I rated the band 5 stars , and Arista company which produced the DVD 3 stars making a mean of 4 stars for the item . I ca n't believe how to produce a music DVD on the end of 2005 without a 5.1 channel sound format.I think that great Santana deserves to be listened at his utmost , and the DVD should n't be produced with only stereo sound . This DVD is a must for any Santana fan , good for both price and music content .
 If you enjoy Carlos Santana , there are three DVD 's to get
 Look , to everyone thats posting a review blasting santana , or any other artist . Leave it alone . First off , you cant do any better , second , at least santana and other artist have the balls to experiment and explore different musical aspects and not stick to the so called formula which everyone is used to . Your not into these artists as musicians trying out different avenues of their talent , your into them as a sideshow wanting them to perform their same old songs over and over . Cuz when its all said and done , youll still be sitting there wishing it was you that was on the stage . youll still be thinking that you can do better when in all reality , you cant . So let the music be and stop trying to put down the ever evoling world of music , dig it . .
 Forget surround sound . Music sounds best with -LRB- 2 -RRB- channel anyways . Duh ! When are you fancy pants going to figure this one out ! The audio & video are as good as it gets . A nice 1 hour long 100 % concert at the studio with a very small crowd present -LRB- yeah live it is -RRB- . Wish I was invited.Most of the band is still with Carlos from the early 90 's - all top-shelf performers . Santana does n't let you down - ever . I just wish there was more footage of Myron Dove playing rhythm guitar/piccolo bass .
 Aradia not only provides clear , step by step instruction on several combinations for use in your dancing , but she also offers the viewer useful knowledge on the history , characteristics , and the subtle differences of each type of dance . But that 's not all , she also has filmed three different performances in the DVD , each in a different costume .
 With great production quality and packed full of instruction , education , and entertainment , Aradia 's DVD is a valuable addition to a belly dancer 's collection . Very useful tips of the similarities and differences in Middle Eastern dance styles and clear , pleasant instruction . Includes warm-up , instruction , beautiful performance clips from various shows , and full performances in different costumes . Great music by DJZen & John Bilezikjian .
 I really enjoyed this video . The `` talking '' portions were short but enlightening , and I learned a lot of good material from it . I 'd highly recommend it to you as well if you : - are an intermediate , advanced , or professional belly dancer -LRB- Aradia does not break down most of the movements , so beginners and advanced beginners may need to ask their teachers for help breaking down the moves -RRB- - are interested in seeing Egyptian , Lebanese , and Turkish belly dance compared and contrasted - would like to learn some attractive , versatile combinationsWhat you get : - A quick introduction to the aesthetics of the Egyptian , Lebanese , and Turkish styles of belly dance - 3 combinations in each style - A full-song performance in each styleWhat I Liked : - The video made the difference between the three styles VERY clear . I 've studied with several teachers , each of whom has a different interpretation of `` Arabic '' belly dance , and now I understand why , given what I know about their influences . - The combinations are cute , they fit the music Aradia has chosen , and they could easily be adapted to go with other music . They move quickly , and some are not easy to execute , but they are well-structured , so they wo n't fly over your audience 's head . - For each style , Aradia begins the performance with the combos she just taught . That helped me understand what she was doing as she expanded on those ideas later in the piece . - The Turkish section used music in 4/4 time , which is often neglected . -LRB- Most Turkish videos focus on 9/8 , but that 's not all there is to Turkish dance ! -RRB- Also , Aradia danced to `` Geceler '' which is one of my favorite Turkish songs , and it was a treat to see it interpreted by someone so talented and well-versed in Turkish style . - Aradia spent just the right amount of time breaking down and practicing each combo . I did n't feel rushed or bored.What I Did n't Like : - The Egyptian & Lebanese style sections used pop-y/remix-y music . I would have preferred more classical/traditional selections . - Each `` chapter '' was actually a title on the DVD -LRB- rather than a proper chapter -RRB- , so the `` step forward '' button on my remote did n't work . - When facing you , Aradia says `` right '' when she 's working on the viewer 's left . This is pretty common on video , but it gets a little confusing when she turns around and her right actually IS your right . - Aradia 's performance in the Egyptian section seemed a little prissy . The moves and musical interpretation were perfect for the genre , but her performance was missing the `` goo '' and the emotional intensity you find in good Egyptian dancers . -LRB- This is not to criticize Aradia 's dancing . I 've seen clips of her performing in Egyptian style and she absolutely had the `` goo '' and the `` love '' ; those qualities just did n't come through in this performance . -RRB- I 'd love to see Aradia do additional volumes on this theme . Maybe one comparing & contrasting how the styles use slow music , another for drum solos , zils etc. . ?
 I was impressed with this DVD . Aradia teaches different styles of Middle Eastern Dance and I like being able to follow along with her back to the camera as well as seeing the dance from an audience perspective . Also 3 of her performances are included in the video which are very good .
 I own tons of bellydance dvd 's and this is exactly what I was looking for . I will keep this short and sweet . This dvd will change your dance . These combos will give you an entire new dance repetoire ! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT !
 I was n't sure if I 'd be able to relate to Aradia after seeing how professional she always looks in her magazine photos , but having read all the other reviews , I took a chance and bought this dvd . I can only add to the praise by saying , Aradia took her time and thoughtfully planned all the components of this dvd . Might not be suitable for a beginner , but if you are a beginner , get this dvd anyway so you have it when you are ready for it .
 All of the combo 's are wonderful . Aradia is an excellent teacher . Please make more !
 I really enjoyed Aradia 's combinations and the inclusion of several different styles of Oriental Dance . She is a beautiful and graceful dancer who is a nice teacher as well .
 Is this the tape we 're talking about?Hot Rock Videos , Volume 1 , RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video , copyright 1984 RCA Video Productions , Inc.If so , here are the contents : * Sweet Dreams -LRB- Are Made Of This -RRB- - Eurythmics * Come Dancing - The Kinks * Do n't Answer Me - The Alan Parsons Project * No Way Out - Jefferson Starship * I 've Done Everything For You - Rick Springfield * I Love You , Suzanne - Lou Reed * Whisper To A Scream -LRB- Birds Fly -RRB- - Icicle WorksThose first five videos are easily candidates for the top 100 of the early 1980s . I particularly enjoyed `` Do n't Answer Me '' with its use of comic-book art and bits of animation . The last two are listed on the box as new hits , but the years have n't been as kind to them as the first five .
 I originally saw the movie at a Latin American film festival and loved it . Great film with a beautiful quality ! Reminds me of home and our traditional sweet beans eat during Lent . Touchs on our cultural and beliefs . The film also has tons of laughs .
 Translated from an article by Carlos CoronelReporter of Azteca 21 `` The Curse of Father Carmona '' -LRB- Dominican Republic , 2005 -RRB- is a Caribbean version of `` The Crime of Father Amaro . `` The Dominican Anthony Alvarez plays the Mexican priest Jeronimo , who is sent by his superiors to the town of Constanza to investigate a strange case that is making nervous all the islanders.The young priest has to deal with superstitions , gossip and jealousies that keep everybody divided , while fighting against himself and his own fears awakened by Flor -LRB- Zoe Saldana -RRB- , an uninhibited girl who , as the name implies , is at the Flower of her age.The Dominican director , Felix German , chose comedy to deal with that fine line between faith and fanaticism , with bold and parodic scenes , as the priest Carmona throwing flatulence and cursing people during the Eucharist.The humorous entertainment is a well-made blend of folk sayings and quirky characters that create a pump that causes laughter as the quintessential Dominican dessert , the habichuelas con dulce -LRB- sweet beans -RRB- , which constitute the trigger for this fun and candid mess.Among the bizarre group you will see Father X , a priest exorcist ; Do & ntilde ; a Hortensia , a catechist `` crusader '' and , of course , Father Carmona ; they create laughter with the slightest provocation and gesture.The film has already been a box office hit in Cineteca Nacional , the Cycle of Cinema of the Dominican Republic . Without a filming industry , they show what can be done with a lot of enthusiasm and talent .
 I Loved this Movie Plain And Simple It is A MUST SEE . Zoey Saldana has a huge impact in this film . I have multiple copies of this film in my home some how lol but it is well worth it . A must see buy it . Pop some popcorn and enjoy : -RRB-
 It ` s almost like a work of fiction . Yet this true story is riveting from start to finish . Steven Boyd and Clifton Webb perform great . Well worth your time .
 I 've always enjoyed this type of suspensful story . Clifton Webb is great in this dramatic presentation . One of my favorite veteran actors .
 Just like they used to be ! Clifton Webb smooth as a Brit Royal Navy officer , Gloria Grahame flutters lashes in pencil skirts as a Brit science boffin ! Plus many good British character actors playing to cliche type . Norstalgia ! Fun story concoction based from real war incident . Very good copy in two versions , standard screen and Scope .
 This is such a great movie , and if I had never seen it , I would not have known of this ingenious ploy created to out-fox the Germans in WWII . It involves planting false information on a body that is then allowed to wash up upon a critical shore . The Germans recover the body , analyze the false information and papers on the body , consider them geunine , and make battle plans accordingly , thinking they have a real `` find . '' Instead they fall into a well-planned trap . Clifton Webb is excellent in his part , as is the `` body . ''
 I love all of Clifton Webb films , this one really extracts his serious side of acting . great film of the era , he is truly the one of the best actors of his time .
 A world war 2 story with a very unusual twist . It held my interest throughout the movie . The acting was so good , I beleived all the events to be true . I would recommend it to all . Movie buff-Ann
 A true war time adventure.Clifton Web did a great performance.A clever plan to fool the Germans .
 A movie version of a real WW II history , that save many lives . at the time of production the name of the dead body was a military secret , recently was declassified , and the body belong to a mental institution patient with no relatives . The facts of the preparation of the body are accurate the romantic part is fiction to adorn the film.hose who need to know the sacrifices made by allied countries to defeat he axis , including the creation of of a fake Maj. Martin RM , the creation of a life around him . For those who love WW II history is a must see .
 One of the best WWII movies ever made . Beautifully done . Webb is very believable .
 I had been waiting for years for this gem of amovie to make it to dvd.What stands out for meis the brilliant British mind that could haveconceived of such an ingenious idea.Knowing thatthis is a true story really packs a powerfulpunch while you are watching it.This howeveris not the only great British movie about atrue ww2 plot.If you enjoyed this movie thenI think you will also truly enjoy '' I Was Monty 's Double '' . The actor who playsfield marshall Montgomery in the movie is theactor who really was the double for Montgomeryduring ww2.His name was Clifton James and hewrote a book -LRB- I Was Monty 's Double -RRB- about his experience of pretendingto be Monty during ww2.This movie however is currentlyonly available on dvd at Amazon U.K.
 I like the choice of full screen and wide screen . The full screen is hard to watch because it cuts off the sides . At first I was disappointed then I realized the other side has widescreen . I did n't pay attention when I bought the movie . I just saw the title and got excited .
 The movie is based on a real story . During WWII , the British tried to fool the Nazis about the places and times of the Allied invasions . The deception about the invasion in Normandy is told inEye of the Needleand the deception about the invasion of Sicily is the subject of this film . The idea is to let the Germans discover the body of a courier carrying false letters . Stephen Boyd , a fantastic actor who died very young plays the dangerous and seducing Irish spy trying to verify if the story is authentic . A fantastic and bizarre movie .
 `` The Man Who Never Was '' is a nicely-done movie dramatization derived from the book of the same name by former British Intelligence Officer Ewan Montagu . Montagu -LRB- played in the movie by Clifton Webb -RRB- was tasked in 1943 to divert German forces from the defense of Sicily , the next Allied objective . Montagu and his team came up with the disturbing but unique idea of planting false papers on a dead body disguised as an Allied officer , then allowing the body to wash ashore in Fascist Spain in the hopes that the information would be passed to the Germans.The first two thirds of the movie follows the efforts of Montagu 's team to find a suitable body and prepare its legend as one Major William Martin , Royal Marines , carrying letters to high officers in the Mediterranean Theater . Amid the disruptions of blitz-torn London , the team deals with details such as procuring a special canister in which the body can be placed , packed in dry ice , for movement by submarine to the Spanish coast . The team invents a girlfriend for the young officer ; a roommate -LRB- played by Gloria Grahame -RRB- of Montagu 's secretary obligingly writes the love letters that the dead Martin will carry with him.This operation , codenamed MINCEMEAT , was a high-risk venture in that there was no assurance that the body would wash ashore , that the materials would be passed to the Germans , or that the Germans would consider the documents credible . In the actual event , the success of the deception was not truly apparent until after the war . The last third of the movie fills this dramatic gap by having a fictional Irishman spying for the Germans -LRB- played by Stephen Boyd -RRB- check on Martin 's bonafides in London . The team finds out about the spy late in the game and must persuade British Internal Security not to arrest him . An emotionally-charged meeting with the roommate , grieving over the loss of her real boyfriend , turns out to be the key to the spy 's mission.This movie is highly recommended as an entertaining and dramatic tale of wartime guile and cunning , based for the most part on a real life event .
 I first saw this great film when I was a kid . It was nice to view it again . It does n't have any special effect or car race , but it is still a good suspenful thriller . Thank to the family who donated the body of their son to serve the effort of the war and thank to the British Intelligence Officer who thought of the deceiving plot , many British lives were saved . It was well worth the money to see it again and to lend it to my children . You 'll enjoy it , I promise you . To you `` Man who Never was '' thank you .
 Here is a story true in every way of zeal & desperation , when the world was tearing itself apart . Here was a team dedicated to the overthrow of Hitlers Europe , in order to achive this they had to create a ingenous deception in order that a foothold onto the continent of Europe could be achieved.Britain had stood alone & had taken much from Hitlers might . The story is set around the death of a young scotsman who in death becomes the central player with the help of his supporting cast weave a brilliant plan of action without a gun being fired.This is a must watch movie though dated it has everything holding you to the end & yes the children can watch & learn of what did happen & must never happen again .
 Handsome movie , made in the 1950s , about Operation Mincemeat , the successful deception plan concocted by the British during World War II to send a corpse to the Mediterranean with false invasion plans . The Germans swallowed it whole , and left Sicilia -LRB- where the invasion finally took place -RRB- relatively unguarded.Made by Hollywood with relatively unknown actors , this film is very entertaining , even if some of the things here turned out not to be true , though this was probably not the fault of the filmmakers . For instance , the corpse that was used in the operation belonged to a Welshman instead of a Scot -LRB- an alcoholic tramp , in actuality -RRB- , and his family was not notified . And the last half hour deals with the story of an Irish spy in London working for the Germans that , while entertaining , is pure invention.More a spy film than a war film , it can be compared , as some of the commenters have noted , to some of the best movies by Alfred Hitchcock , in the way the film builds suspense over the operation . The beautiful color photography is an enormous plus ; since this was filmed just a decade after the conflict ended , this allows you to have a very good idea of what London must have looked like during the war in full colors . Some might find the patriotism in the film a bit old fashioned , but I found it refreshing in comparison with the constant cynicism and weariness of contemporary movies .
 Imagine a World War II flick with no battle scenes ... a spy thriller with no special gadgets ... a mystery where the dead body is n't supposed to be hidden but instead is kept visible , intact , free from decomposition ... and then you have it - The Man Who Never Was.Not only is this a true spy story ... but it captures the essence of real espionage - planning , execution , then more planning , execution . Do n't make a false step or you will lose . I appreciated the reality of the film ... and the last half hour had me on edge as I wondered whether a German agent would learn of the deception of this ingenious British counter-intelligence operation.For those movie fans who insist on fast action , lots of dead bodies , and great looking girls ... skip this one . But if you are looking for an intelligent spy thriller that tickles your mind , this is a real winner.As a final word , I thought Clifton Webb was terrific as a British officer . He depicted a stoic , intelligent man , a team player , a person loyal to his country , and an officer respectful of his superior commanders yet prepared to disobey if he could away with it . There are moments when the film felt more like a documentary than a quick thriller . I loved it .
 This DVD is in fine condition and the movie is well done as well as exciting and fun to watch . My husband and I both enjoyed it despite our different tastes when it comes to movies .
 An old-fashioned , well told tale of a true story from WWII . This movie tells the story of Major William Martin , a man who did not exist , yet made a significant contribution to the Allied war effort . Clifton Webb , a rather prissy actor , makes a very good , unsuspectedly cerebral Commander Montague , but Gloria Graham as a brash American librarian is the character who sticks with you ... her contribution to the war effort is unwitting and almost as important as Major Martin 's . A great escape from a crappy news day movie , a journey back to another time .
 Great idea and carried off real well . Nice touch to show the under side of how this plot was pulled off in the film . As Hannibal of the A-team may say , &#34; do n't you love it when a plan comes together ! &#34;
 Most movies based on true stories are just a little too detailed in making sure they show us each and every fact . This movie does a bit of that , but in a cinematic way . After all , they have to tell the story . The director keeps the story moving along , the dialog is crisp , the scenes are short . An excellent film . This is one of those little stories behind the big WW2 story were we see real people fighting for their cause without using guns or bullets or killing anyone . Patriots -- and thankfully shown on both sides of the conflict .
 The story of the dead man who was given a fictitious identity and was floated ashore in Spain in 1943 with papers intended to convince the Germans that the southern attack on Europe would be through Greece instead of Sicily , where it in fact took place . The film is quite entertaining if you take into consideration the inclusion of a fictitious German agent , added because , when the film was made , the fact that the allies had broken the German Enigma codes was not public information . The film had to give some explanation as to how the allies knew that the Germans swallowed the deception and relocated their defences away from Sicily . A fuller and more up to date account is in `` Operation Mincemeat '' which has the benefit of 60 years of additional research .
 I have watched `` The Man Who Never Was '' several times over the years.This movie is a dramatization of a real-life intelligence action - `` Operation Mincemeat `` There really was a Major William Martin , sort of . As portrayed in the film this name was fictitious , but there really was a person whose body was used in an operation like the one depicted.This film is not for the action/adventure movie buff . There are no explosions , there is no gunplay , no chase scenes ... well , sort of.The movie is actually a very reverent telling of an important extremely successful operation . You will like this if you enjoy military history and espionage .4 stars - a solid film worth seeing .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I love the way they take their time to plan everything out and do n't charge into anything with guns blazing .
 I was so glad to find a copy of one of my favorite old movies.I `` ve watched it twice since I got it.Can always count on Amazon to have what I am looking for .
 This has got to be one of the best WWII espionage films I have seen . Clifton Webb as Montagu did a credible job portraying the mastermind of the plan to sidetrack the Germans . It was a clever plot to plant a body with rank , papers , and identification in a location that was backed by information of tides , sea currents , etc. . There was the usual anxious feelings of being discovered especially when the Germans decided to send a spy to England to verify whether this person really existed . The plot becomes more tense when he confronts the woman whose picture was found on the body along with a love letter !
 This World War II film focuses on the success of a counter intelligence scheme . Clifton Webb plays a senior British officer and Gloria Grahame the innocent woman that unconsciously causes the scheme to work.Well worth seeing .
 Although later historical facts have put a few holes in the details of this CD and the original book , the content was in the main true to the actual happenings . Clifton Webb 's acting job was top notch . A good spy stroy based on actual events .
 `` The Man Who Never Was '' is a well-done fact-based wartime-deception movie.Essentially , the British devise a plan to fool the Germans into thinking that Sicily will not be a target for invasion . They concoct a history and background for `` the man '' who will be used to present the deception to the Germans.Clifton Webb -LRB- `` Laura '' , `` Cheaper by the Dozen '' -RRB- plays the real-life mastermind of the plan Ewen Montagu , and Stephen Boyd -LRB- `` Ben-Hur '' , `` Fantastic Voyage '' -RRB- plays the counter-spy . Supporting roles by Gloria Grahame , Cyril Cusack and others are quite good . Peter Sellers is the uncredited voice of Winston Churchill.Highly recommended as one of the better `` deceptive plans '' movies which includes the popular `` The Eagle Has Landed '' and my favorite , `` Thirty Six Hours '' with James Garner.The DVD cover is strange in that although Clifton Webb wears civilian clothes only in the last scene , he is never in the golden countryside and never looks at airplanes in the sky -LRB- which appear to be unidentified American P-47 's which is possible in Europe , or the earlier Pacific theater SBD Dauntless ... funny how movie people take license with their own movies : - -RRB- Still - jolly good show , and cheap on sale , too . Subtitles , chapters and a trailer are the only extras .
 I could write how excellent this film is , but since Ewen Montagu was my great grandfather , I might be slightly biased ! Having said that , viewers might be interested to know that Ewen Montagu has a cameo role in the film in the scene where the plot is being discussed among senior members of the BritishArmy and Navy . Enjoy !
 Britain has traditionally been a naval power but neverhad a large standing army . This has prodded its militaryplanners to think in unconventional terms in strikingat its enemies . This means using its naval forces tomove stealthily around its continental enemiesusing naval forces and to try to use deceptionto get the enemy off guard , rather than confrontingthem head on . The failed First World War operation at Gallipoli wasa good example of this , trying to strike at Germany `` through the back door '' , rather than just head onin the blood-soaked trenches of Flanders on theWestern Front.In the Second World War , all the British leaders andsenior officershad been traumatized by the slaughter of theFirst World War and were desperate to come up withways of avoiding a replay . Thus , in 1943 , after NorthAfrica had been cleared of Axis forces , the Britishmilitary leaders sought a way to distract the Germansfrom the obvious next target , which was Sicily.The result was deception of `` Operation Mincemeat '' which is portrayedin this excellent film . The film is based on EwenMontagu 's book `` The Man Who Never Was '' . This filmis of a long-lost genre of films which are rivetingin spite of the fact that they do n't have any `` action '' , -LRB- i.e. shoot-outs , fist fights , car chases , etc -RRB- , like another of my favorites `` Twelve Angry Men '' . A close observation of the film shows , beside the mainstory , a lot of other information showing what wartimeBritain was like , such as how London became run-downand grimy during the long years of bombing and austerity , how the British learned to take the air raids in stride , the resignation to the on-going deaths of relatives andfriendsand the shortages of quality consumer goods . In addition , we see the manifestations of the traditionally tense relationship betweenBritain and Ireland as well as Scotland . For militarybuffs , there is a brief look at the legendary Mosquitofighter/bomber and the unsung British submarine force -LRB- ascompared to those of the United States and the GermanU-Boat force -RRB- . One thing to keep in mind is that while Montagu makesno mention of German efforts to authenticate the existenceof `` Major Martin '' , the film devotes a considerable partof its plot to that , which I assume is `` overdramatized `` to keep the interest of the audience . The film claimsthat the German -LRB- actually Irish -RRB- agent actually gets incontact with someone who had a part in the whole operation , and I doubt whether this is factual . However , this is a minor point and does not detract from the excellence of the film .
 I first saw this movie as a kid when it came out . The opening is magisterial
 MAN WHO NEVER WAS -LRB- Fox -RRB- begins with a wide view of a deserted Spanish beach . It 's 1943 . As a body is washed into view , a clipped British voice intones : `` Last Night I dreamed a deadly dreamBeyond the Isle of Skye.I saw a dead man win the fightAnd I think that man was I. `` So begins a classic World War II espionage thriller that tells the audacious but true story of `` Major William Martin . '' The name 's made up , his true identity a secret , but even in death `` Major Martin '' pulled off a daring deception that misled the Nazi 's into diverting their defenses , convinced the Allies would invade Greece or perhaps Sardinia instead of Sicily.Clifton Webb stars as Lt. Commander Montagu , creator of the plan to send a carefully picked dead body , tricked out as a drowned English officer complete with personal artifacts and actual but untrue letters from and to top military leaders , to wash up on a specific Spanish coast where it was likely to fall into german hands.But when the Germans do get hold of the body , everything about it seems too good to be true and they send an Irish agent , a young and menacing Stephen Boyd , to England to authenticate the identity of `` William Martin . `` The race is on with British intelligence scrambling to stay ahead of the game with the Nazi agent who has targeted the `` fiance '' of `` Martin . `` Even though this film was made 50 years ago , period detail is impeccable . The Cinemascope , ultra widescreen -LRB- aspect ration 2.55:1 -RRB- composition is striking and there are no wasted scenes as the already taut , true story ratchets the tension in the last act .
 In 1942 Allied powers greatly desired to invade Sicily -- a fact of which Axis powers were well aware and against which the island was greatly fortified . In an effort to trick the Nazi military , British intelligence agents Flight Lt. Charles Cholmondeley and Lt. Commander Ewen Montagu came up with a clever plan
 A very well-done telling of the ingenious plan to mislead the Nazis before the invasion of Sicily . It was audacious and elaborate but well-coordinated in its scope to stage the death of an important curiour and make sure his body and papers were found by the Germans in a circuitous manner not to draw suspicion . It is difficult to measure how well the plan worked but it did indeed have some impact when the Germans believed the ruse . It seems a difficult kind of story to tell in movie form but this film does it well . A top notch espionage film .
 The true story of the British attempt to lay some heavy disinformation on the Axis in World War II . Clifton Webb plays Lt. Cmdr. Ewen Montagu , the British naval commander who is both mastermind and chief promoter of The Plan , an elaborate concoction of forged papers , misleading faux orders , a convincing back story , and a suitable corpse meant to mislead the enemy about the Allied intentions prior to the invasion of Italy . I do n't suppose it 's giving too much away to report that things more or less go as planned -LRB- although the suspicious Germans do send spy Stephen Boyd in to liven up the last third of the film . -RRB- Even though this is indeed a war movie , bang-bang stuff , THE MAN WHO NEVER WAS practically wallows in minute details while eschewing the firefight and the foxhole . That 's not to say it does n't have its share of situational suspense - are those depth charges going to sink the sub and scuttle the movie ? - but detail is much preferred over violent action.Along with the likes of Monty Woolley , Webb more or less cornered the market on playing stuffy , condescending Englishmen . Here Webb 's strength , a stiff and rather formal persona who needs a baby-sat seven-year-old to evoke his humanity , is put to good use . There are no kids around and Webb does n't unbend , but this movie does n't care that much about the personal life of its characters , anyway , save for poor Gloria Grahame , who 's given the rather thankless task of shedding some plot-directed tears and seems rather out of place for her troubles.Even though it 's clinical and relatively bloodless - in every sense of the word - THE MAN WHO NEVER WAS is a great deal of fun . Director Ronald Neame lovingly dwells on every step of the preparation , through to the execution of the caper , and has us deeply involved when the whole thing is threatened with the appearance of the Boyd character . THE MAN WHO NEVER WAS is a fine , thoughtful film that should appeal to those who are n't necessarily great fans of action war movies .
 As the North African campaign of WWII drew to a close it became obvious that the Allies next move would be to invade Sicily . A deception was therefore needed to try to lure away some of the German defences . Inter-services `` XX Committee '' -LRB- XX for double-cross -RRB- members Lieutenant Commander Ewen Montagu , and Squadron Leader Sir Archibald Cholmondley hatched the then unheard of plan of planting a body in the sea off Spain where prevailing currents would surely carry it inshore to the Huelva region , known to be the territory of one of the Nazis ' best Spanish agents . The body , dressed as a major in the Royal Marines and apparently killed in a plane crash at sea , would be carrying supposedly top secret documents aimed at convincing any reader that the invasion target was not Sicily at all , but Greece . Montagu himself plays a cameo role in the film as an Air Marshall.The film takes us through the planning and execution of what its creators hoped would become one of the most successful and unusual deceptions in the history of warfare . The leading role of Montagu is played by Clifton Webb , utterly credible as a British naval officer , while Robert Flemyng , who had himself served conspicuously in WWII and who was awarded the Military Cross and Order of The British Empire , takes on the role of Montagu 's junior assistant , a composite role based partly on Cholmondley 's real-life character . Together they must procure a body that will pass a medical examination to determine the cause of death and they must also create a personality and a past life and history for this man.This is a true-story that avoids battle scenes and big bangs . There are no special effects . It describes a war of stealth and cunning and the cat and mouse game of espionage . It is an atmospheric suspense thriller with Stephen Boyd effective as the determined Axis agent , Patrick O'Reilly , sent in from Ireland to verify the existence and past life of this man who never was . While the soundtrack is one of Alan Rawsthorne 's -LRB- The Cruel Sea -RRB- better scores , it is nevertheless immediately recognizable as one of his compositions , unfortunately sounding so much like all his others . It is ably directed by the great and sometimes under-rated Ronald Neame . It is beautifully filmed , as are all of former-cameraman Neame 's pictures . The voice of Churchill is provided by the young Peter Sellers who , at that time in 1956 , was establishing his versatility and making a name for himself in the BBC radio comedy , `` The Goon Show '' .20 th Century Fox 's DVD video and sound quality are excellent , as would be expected in the studio release of one of their own productions . A worthy and entertaining addition to any WWII film collection and if it gives you an appetite for a more in-depth recounting of the true story , Ewen Montagu 's 1953 book is still available in both the hardback and paperback editions .
 When I found this movie was available on DVD I had to buy it . The story is so fantastic and yet it is based on fact . The English cast play their parts in such a believable way . Stephen Boyd is excellent as the spy - bringing a very deadly edge to the story . There are no CGI effects in this movie - it was made in the 1950 's . Never the less it is an extremely entertaining and involving film . I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a well told World War II story .
 This film showes the Brits as the Masters of faking out the Crowns Enemies . It also shows that not all the most effective fighting involves fix bayonets and charge .
 It is a great British war film -LRB- even if American made -RRB- . But I clearly recall seeing this in Cinemascope on the big screen . Why , oh why , can not they release a widescreen version ? I am tired of seeing classics such as this go to DVD in old-fashioned 4:3 pre-digital TV format . It 's lazy , and a ` poor show ' all round .
 It IS a true tale and a lot of the detail is correct - till about half way through when an `` Irish spy '' arrives in the UK on behalf of the Germans . Not needed in the real world story - the twist is needed to add some tension at the end of the film.Clifton Webb acts like Clifton Webb - that is to say like a plank of wood ! However for the period it is well done.Spot the pennant number on a Castle Class frigate in the background of one scene and then go and watch `` The Cruel Sea '' . Guess the Admiralty `` lent '' the British cinema the same ship in more than one movie!Topical -LRB- early 2008 -RRB- because as of late the identiy of the `` body '' used in the real war has become subject of fresh debate .
 I loved the attention to detail on generating the history of the `` Man Who Never Was '' . this had me wondering what they would miss . Would they miss anything?You 'll love it .
 I really enjoy the ` behind the scenes ' stories of WWII . This is a great movie depicting one of the real heroes .
 Terrific spy story that is multi-layered and detailed enough to maintain a sense of realism and suspense throughout .
 In the Fifties Britain produced a number of well made WWII movies that recaptured the valor and victories of British arms . The war was past and the civilian deprivations that had lasted well after the war were going away . It was time to celebrate what Britain had accomplished . The Man Who Never Was is among these movies . It tells the true story of Lt. Cmdr. Ewen Montague -LRB- Clifton Webb -RRB- , a barrister who now is in Naval Intelligence , who has been charged to come up with a scheme that will convince the Germans that the Allies will not mount a major effort to invade Sicily . His solution is named Operation Mincemeat , and involves using a body as a decoy . I wo n't go into the details because the fun is in seeing just how Montague and his small staff , an aide and a secretary , go about it . But having accomplished their assignment , they are faced with the likelihood that the Germans will try hard to verify what they are being led to believe . The second half of the movie is a tight little drama where Montague has to outwit an Irishman who has become a German agent.Webb is quite effective playing Montague . There 's almost none of the prissiness he brought to most of his roles . He 's quiet , determined and smarter than many around him . He has a sharp tongue but seldom shows impatience . It 's a nice job . Gloria Grahame plays a young woman who provides an important piece of evidence establishing the body 's history , and then unknowingly faces the Irish agent.In my view , this is a very watchable film that keeps moving at a good pace . Ronald Neame was an experienced , effective director who knew what he was doing . Two of his best films and well worth watching are The Horse 's Mouth and Tunes of Glory.And for those who appreciate a stiff upper lip and immaculate British manners , here are some of those Fifties WWII movies to track down
 If this was a fictional story it still would be a good story.The plot seems proposterous and not within the relm of reallity , but it actually worked and is credited with saving thousands of lives both American and British . Patton and Montgomery would have had a much harder time taking Sicily if not for this brillient piece of espinoage . No vulgar language , no gore , just a good movie to watch . Well worth your time .
 Clifton Webb & Gloria Grahame shine in this mostly true story about a plan to deceive the Germans about Allied plans to invade Sicily in WWII . The Stephen Boyd character as a German spy sent to England is a fabrication & within the past couple of years the identity of the title character has been revealed , I believe.Highly recommended .
 The sheer brilliance of the concept to have a deceased man dupe the German command I loved the father `` s willingness to have his son perform this patriotic act The High Command kept their promise to ensure that the man had a Christian Burial.It was a lovely scene at the end of the film when the Commander visited the grave and left his medal there . It was in recognition of the invakuable service that he and his Father had given foe their country .
 This one of the iconic British movies from the 1950 's . The story line and the cast were just magnificent . I have watched this movie many times over the years , mainly on late night television . I was surprised that the movie is still available . The story is based on true events from thne 2nd WW and this forgotten hero in one effort did a lot to help shorten the War . His father should be given more recognition for the act of selfless love in donating his Sons body to the war effort .
 We had seen this movie at least 4 times before purchasing a DVD for ourselves.It is an excellent movie , captivating , interesting , and , best of all , true . We shall continue to view it on a monthly basis , for sure -LRB- perhaps more often -RRB- , plan to show it to others.The acting is extremely well done , and the plot keeps you pinned to what is going on . Even when we view it again , there is the same attention , as if we had not seen it before.Surely it is a remarkable movie , and we would highly recommend it for one and all ... excellent for a family .
 This is an excellent war drama without a moment of dullness . The enhanced 2.35:1 picture is surprisingly good for a 1956 movie .
 I remember watching this film as child back in the UK . Watching this DVD , I realised I had forgoten much of the detail of the plot , and the efforts by the Germans to validate the identity of the body . Great story , well acted and played with typical british understatement and the ending was very moving . Not a War movie in the traditional sense and very engrossing . I now have to read the book .
 To think that British Intelligence created this allusion to fool the Nazis during World War II is just magnificent . A ripping good yarn . Well done Amazon.com . This DVD is not released in AUSTRALIA . Making the purchase on line was simple , quick and easy . Regards Mr. T J SOMERVILLE , GAWLER EAST , SOUTH AUSTRALIA , AUSTRALIA
 This one keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time . Incredible movie . It 's clean , but I wo n't say it 's a family movie because young children wo n't enjoy it .
 Nice simple film . The set up of the story is probably longer than it should have been and the acts holding the conflict/confrontation could have involved more intrigue , or at least intrigue that was better refined -LRB- i.e. counter intelligence technical consultant -RRB- . The German spy 's final actions were a bit questionable , almost makes me wonder if he was trained by al-Qaeda . Despite having a story that could have been a chess match it was written to where it turned into checkers . Overall a quality film if you like spy thrillers .
 `` The man who never was '' is truly , one of the most dramatic and smart plans of espionage during the WW2 . based on a real fact , the British Intelligence Service pull the wool over the Nazi officials around the fake invasion plans found in a corpse dressed of British soldier . Intriguing and hair-raising all the way through . Directed by Ronald Neame -LRB- Tunes of glory -RRB- , one of the most prominent British directors of his generation.This film - like the good wine - improves through the years .
 Based on an actual event in World War II , and adapted for the screen , an excellent espionage story .
 This is one of the most meticulously well told espionage stories ever!Clifton Webb gives a stunning performance as the cold Lt. Commander Mantagu , whose mission is to create a diversion tactic to lure the Germans away from the real Italian location the British plan to invade . So he thinks of the most daring , sophisticated and simple plan of them all
 I had always tought of clifton Webb as that weird guy who starred only in The Stars And Stripes For Ever , A 1950 's verson of The Titanic and Cheaper By The Dozen . He comes a accross as a brilliant ex attorney , an Hercules Poirot type almost , trying to think one step ahead of the Gerries in this wonderful espionage thriller.True there are no big battle scenes but how all the pieces come together and the tension that builds when the German spy comes to check on things was masterful . Everything fits.I had read the book on this tale at 15 and now at 42 have seen the film for the first time and give it 4 + stars .
 I loved this movie . It is a true story told honestly . It holds you in suspense like any good thriller . Of course it is dated , but that adds to its quality . Also , it was in color and I feel that helped . Very few people know that a corpse played a very important part in WWII when it was used as a decoy by the British to fool the Germans that they planned an invasion in a different place to where it did happen . The Germans were not fools , and they sent an Irish agent to check out the corpse story . That was where it got really exciting . For its age and subject matter , the movie was quite impressive . Also the dvd has excellent quality color and sound . It survived surprisingly well over the years . You wo n't be disappointed if you like WWII movies .
 I never knew of this film but now that I have seen it I feel it is one of the better thriller spy films I have seen . Also , it is not so over the top as any film version of it of today would be . No crazy car chase , no massive explosions ... Sometimes simple is better .
 I ordered `` The Man Who Never Was '' as part of my collection of WWII espionage war stories . However , I also ordered `` Eye of the Needle '' as part of a 2-film package . Amazon failed to notify me that `` Eye of the Needle '' was not available at the current time and shipped `` The Man Who Never Was '' without first asking me if I would except only one item of the original order . If I recall correctly , there was also a matter of shipping charges if the amount totaled more than $ 25 . With just one DVD , the order obviously was less than that and resulted in additional cost.Although the DVD is one I wanted , I feel that Amazon dropped the ball on this order . And because of that , I will be reluctant to order any more DVD 's until this policy and procedure gaffe is corrected .
 When I first saw this film in the early 70 's , I thought it was just a stylized WW2 picture then after doing some historical research I amazedly , found it to be a true story . The cinematography and acting is good comnsidering the date it was filmed . The movie makers even found a way to put some humor into this very grisly story , in that the British officer talking to Clifton Webb , finds the operation find it to be '' ... the most outrageous , disgusting , preposterous and barbaric idea I have ever heard , but have the plans at the Admiralty by 4:30 tomorrow afternoon . '' All in all a very historically accurate and entertaining film
 Although the film was a ostensibly a 20th Century Fox production , THE MAN WHO NEVER WAS was filmed in England using primarily English crew and cast -LRB- though American leads -RRB- . It belongs to a tradition of English war films in which aspects of the war are treated slowly , deliberately , and with great precision . While in the US war films tended to feature John Wayne leading Marines into combat , the British tended to focus much more on the preparation and plans of operations . For instance , the very fine film THE DAM BUSTERS features very little in the way of actual combat . And THE MAN WHO NEVER WAY has no combat whatsoever.The movie is based on a book by the same name about Operation Mincemeat , in which the British attempted to mislead the Germans about the intended invasion spot for D-Day by planting a corpse with fake papers on a beach in Spain , knowing that the Spanish would pass the papers onto the Germans . The entire movie is involved with the formation of the plan , and then creating the man who never was , creating his papers and personal effects . On one level , not much happens in the film , but on another it is one of the most fascinating films ever made about the war , because of the practical problems they deal with in the executing of the operation . Knowing that it was all based upon real events greatly adds to the appeal of the film.Clifton Webb , who was in fact far too old for the part , turns in a convincing performance as Lieutenant Commander Montagu . In most of his films he comes across as arrogant , but in this one he instead communicates competence and intelligence . Gloria Grahame is excellent as the primary female presence in the film . If you look carefully , you can spot Stephen Boyd in a small role , a few years before he would portray Messala in BEH-HUR .
 This is a fine movie of wartime espionage , disinformation and deception . Based on the book by Lt. Cmdr. Ewen Montagu , it tells of British Naval Intelligence 's attempt to deceive the Germans about the planned 1943 invasion of Sicily . Trying to draw as many German troops away from Sicily as possible , they concocted a plan to have a dead body wash ashore in Spain , with papers purportedly from Allied High Command indicating that the invasion would go by way of Greece or Sardinia instead of Sicily . The subterfuge succeeded . The Germans embarked on a massive build up of defences around Sardinia and the Greek Peloponnesus , thinning out their defences on Sicily . The hoax affected not only the Sicilian offensive but had effects across the entire European theater . Hitler swallowed it whole . Field Marshall Erwin Rommel was sent to personally supervise the defence of Greece . The 1st Panzer Division was withdrawn from France . Two other Panzer divisions were withdrawn from the Russian front just when they were needed at the crucial Battle of Kursk . Operation Mincemeat , as it was called , was one of the most ingenious and successful hoaxes perpertrated by the Allies during the Second World War.This is a war movie with little battlefront action . It concentrates on the quiet background work of the Intelligence Service . The first half of the movie deals with the hatching of the plan , the procurement of the dead body , the faking of the dead man 's history and the drawing up of his elaborate cover story . The fictional officer is christened `` Major William Martin '' of The Royal Marines . The second half starts when the Germans fall for the ruse and send a spy over to England to check out its veracity . There follows a cat and mouse game as the British try to tie up loose ends and fill in the fake history they have put together for the dead man , including his purported girlfriend . The movie is always absorbing , often rivetingly so . It is one of the few WW2 espionage films that have stood the test of time . The fact that it was a true story makes it doubly interesting.Fox have released a barebones edition of the film on DVD . It contains both the widescreen version in its original 2.55:1 Cinemascope -LRB- enhanced for widescreen TV -RRB- and a fullscreen pan - & - scan version . The widescreen version strangely is placed on the unmarked flipside of the double-sided DVD . Picture quality is fine , very good in fact if you consider this film dates from 1955 . There is very little dirt , speckling or any print damage . Colors are strong and bright . Skintones look natural . Black levels are well rendered . The pan - & - scan version version looks terrible in comparison , with a claustrophobic , darker image , heavier grain and a softer picture overall . Sound is available in the original English 2.0 mono , a 4.0 Surround remix as well as alternate Spanish and French 2.0 mono tracks . A single theatrical trailer is all that 's included . A fine memento of wartime subterfuge and deception with solid acting and direction from a time when there was still a viable British Film Industry.Note
 I rate `` The Man Who Never Was '' as an excellent and exciting World War II movie . Why ca n't movies be made like this anymore ? Recent World War II movies are not accurate and place too much emphasis on effects . In my opinion , the more `` special effects '' a movie has , the more fake it is . Anyhow , `` The Man Who Never Was '' describes the true events of the British trying to confuse the Germans as to where the Allies will invade - Sicily or Greece . By arranging to have a dead body wash ashore in Spain with top-secret documents , the British cause the Germans to alter their defenses , thus saving the Allies from suffering even more casualties . How the British found a body , the details that they had to come up with to make the Germans believe the body was for real , and the subsequent German effort to determine whether or not the information found on the body was accurate , all make for an exciting story which moves at a swift pace . This is really a great World War II movie .
 My son asked me to purchase some WWII DVD 's for him this past Christmas . Sadly , I was n't able to include the best NAVAL WWII movies which were made by the British . Two of the best of them were The Man Who Never Was and Sink The Bismark . Sadly neither of these titles are available on DVD . Both are better than just about any of the American WWII movies -LRB- yes , I 'm an American -RRB- . Both of these movies are based on TRUE stories -LRB- Unlike Disney 's latest Pearl Harbor movie !! -RRB- , only the minor characters are fictional . If you ever see the Man who Never Was you will never forget it . The story is about a true scheme which the Brits used to make the Germans believe the southern European landings were going to be in a different location than the real one . They discuss how to do this and come up with the idea of obtaining a body of a young man , which they are going to dress up as an officer with invasion plans for another location than the one intended . The movie spends a lot of time explaining how they got the body , what they had to do to fake all this , including figuring out on which European beach they should have the body wash ashore . Unlike most American movies , you really get an excellent view of what it 's really like to plan CIA type operations . Wonderful movie . You will love all the characters , even the villains !! Lots of naval action from the highest to the lowest commands . Buy it . -- UNFORTUNATELY IT IS NOT AVAILABLE ON DVD YET !!! -- Neither is `` Sink the Bismark '' , which I remember seeing in college back in the early ' 60 's . I remember it vividly because the auditorium in which it was shown allowed the audience to `` attack and sink '' the Bismark using paper airplanes !! This movie is also terrific . It too is VERY British . It too explains why the British Navy was so awesome in WWII . It also has great actors in great roles . Super movie . Both of these movies are the best in WWII movies . Now if I could just remember the name of the British naval movie which tells the story of the naval war off the coast of South America !! Yet another wonderful British Naval movie !! The Man Who Never Was has scenes which should bring tears to your eyes , if you are the least bit sensitive !! Good movie to get your gal into crying on your shoulder !! -LRB- And that actually happened as well ; - -RRB-
 Clifton Webb is perfectly cast as the British Naval Officer who devises the plan to decieve German Intelligence , as to the whereabouts of the Allied landings in Sicily during World War 2 . As with most British films of its kind , `` The Man Who Never Was '' relies upon the facts to maintain interest throughout , tampering with history just enough to provide tension and drama where it is needed . Webb 's performance is both intelligent and touching , while Stephen Boyd as the German agent sent to investigate the situation , exudes just the right amount of charm and malevolence . Gloria Graham is probably the only downside to this highly effective film , but the others well and truly make up for her somewhat overcooked effort . Made in 1956 , in colour , `` The Man Who Never Was '' has not `` dated '' at all and stands as a fine example of the British cinema 's ability to tell a good story well .
 In what was one of the most successful and infamous deceptions of World War II British intelligence fooled the entire Nazi war machine - and all with the help of a man who never existed.The deceptions that British intelligence pulled off prior to the D-Day landings are now well-known and well documented - from Gen. Patton being in charge of a fake army to the use of double agents . The allies were able to keep vital German panzer tanks and troops away from the Normandy beaches as Hitler kept his attention on the Calais region.Yet even before this British intelligence scored another coup by diverting German attention away from the imminent invasion of Sicily by making the Germans believe that Greece and perhaps Sardinia were the actual targets.They did this by creating the man who never was . Taking the body of a man whose condition could be interpreted as having died from drowning , dressing him in clothes with accompanying documentation and casting him off from a submarine just off the coast of Spain . All with the goal that the body and the vital top secrets it carried being intercepted by the Nazi 's . It was an inspired scheme and this movie , in much the same vein as the similar true-life deception movie I WAS MONTY 'S DOUBLE really shines . It 's thoroughly entertaining and well acted throughout . For fans of classic British war movies this is a must for your collection and I 'm very happy to see it land on DVD .
 I saw this movie in a movie house the year it was released in the U.S.A. . As I recollect viewing the movie , it was released in the Cinemascope format ; essentially a `` Letter Box '' format . The DVD format starts with a letter box introduction , but then switches to the `` Pan and Scan '' format . For myself , I find the visual impact I remember of the movie has been lost by using the Pan & Scan format . Every scene looks like it was shot using telephoto lenses , giving the visual effect of always seeing a `` Close-up '' ; it feels like reading a book only four inches away from your eyes . The breadth of the scenes has been lost , significantly diminishing the visual parts of the film . They should re-issue it in letter box format - I would be happy to buy a letter box version .
 This film would have been much more famous if Hitchcock had directed it . Ronald Neame does and excellent job . A true story of the Second World War with great locations -LRB- another good chance to get a look at the Spain of those times -RRB- . But the fact that it is a true historical story makes it interesting enough.Besides , there 's Gloria Graham doing an amazingly wonderful performance . It just amazed me how well she was in this role.This is the second film by Neame that I watch -LRB- after Tunes of Glory , which is even better -RRB- and both are wonderful movies.Typical , I would say , of the good-natured , common-man , and respectul films the British used to do before the Beatles generation . A bygone era of which this film reminds me with melancholy.The only thing that lessens a bit the value of `` The Man Who never Was '' , in my opinion , is the other female character , who does not do such an excellent job as the rest of the cast .
 I liked this movie very much . It went into great but not overwhelming detail about the British Naval Intelligence Service during WWII . The detail the British went through to confuse the Germans was phenominal and was very adequately portrayed in the movie . David Niven playing the lead did a good job of portraying the methodical British Naval officer in charge of the detail . Another great British Naval movie had two names . The first one was `` The Persuit Of The Graf Spee '' and then released as `` The Battle Of The River Plate '' . It was filmed in great color and was about the battle off South America between the German pocket battleship Graf Spee and 3 cruisers , two British and one New Zealand
 When I recived this package I could ` nt decide which disk to watch first . So right off the top was U2
 This collection is something of a grab-bag , encompassing as it does both the old and the new and both concert film and biographical documentary . All in all , however , it 's a phenomenal value
 Let me just start by saying I picked this product up at walmart for 13 bucks and I couldnt be happier , Each one of this films is worth the price of purchase and this is a true bargin for a lover of music.Shine A Light - This is a wonderful snapshot provivded by the great martin scorcese of the rolling stones in there twillight years and showing that they are still capable as they were 40 years previous in delivering a wonderful performance to a crowded hall , The thing that makes this a more worthy purchase than others is the setlist which includes great rarely heard album cuts and being able to watch the stones work a good venue instead of lost in a see of hundres of thousands watching video monitors , It truly is a great performance and a wonderful collection for any stones fan.No Direction Home - Marty Scorcese is back up to bat is this awesome 3 hour saga of dylans early years from woody guthrie wannabe to folk god to outcast and recluse from 1961-1966 , It has wonderful interviews and performances that will have any music fan glued to there seats with all the early hits from `` blowin in the wind '' to `` like a rolling stone '' and everything in between . This is the story of how Robert Zimmerman became Bob Dylan and what a great tale it is.Rattle and Hum - This is U2 in their prime before they got wrapped up in fame and politics , this is U2 still hungry and out to prove themselves , while at the same time paying tribute to their heroes The beatles , Bob dylan , Jimi hendrix , BB king and Elvis presley.Amazing performaces of tracks like `` Pride -LRB- in the name of love -RRB- '' and `` sunday bloody sunday '' are bound to move emotion out of even the most hardened human being or U2 hater.Heart of Gold - Neil Young 's storytelling and musical prowess are on display with this 2005 performace that is meant to show off his newest album -LRB- at the time -RRB- `` Praire Wind '' which takes over te first half of the show , it drags on a little long , but manages to show Young still has some chops , Then comes The harvest heavy second portion of the show with great performaces of songs like `` heart of gold '' `` old man '' `` needle and the damage done '' which make up for any mild short comings that the first half had and overall make for a very enjoyable experince with Neil at the Ryman auditorium.In conclusion There really is something for any true music lover to enjoy here and like I said every one of these dvds is worth the price you 're paying for all 4 , So it really is a win win . I whole heartedly reccomend it .
 I was little disappointed the no way hom was really just a long long long look atDylan up till highway 51 and blond on blonde and only a few glimpses of that Frankley the cd is way better then the movie . But all in all a strong case that this is a great buy .
 Most of Roxy 's fans will buy all their DVD 's as each of them offers a different lineup of the band and different songs . This lineup had an exceptional rhythm section , who help give the songs a lift and they make me want to watch and listen again and again . One gets a good idea of how mellow Roxy could be as the ballads are convincingly done , with stirring lead work by Neil Hubbard on MY ONLY LOVE being the highpoint of a standout version . A good release - maybe one day they will be able to clean up the picture . I 'm very happy with the music , however . Worth a spin for those fans of this influential band .
 Roxy Music is great on the `` High Road '' music video , saw it in Amsterdam for the first time years ago at the old Hard Rock in 1990 or so . Now own the Roxy '' Live at the Appollo '' . Both are great , one when the band was young and one when they are much older . Both are great . Enjoy both ; we can not be young forever , except in our own memories . Great group and very under-appreciated . Steve , , Georgetown , TX
 This as an utterly AWESOME music DVD in every way . The sound is superb , the performance is seamless , the camera-work and editing is totally professional . I like this DVD much more than the more highly-rated `` Live at the Apollo '' . If I had to find any quibble , it would be that the tempo of `` Love is the Drug '' is a little brisk , but that 's why we buy live recordings ... to hear a different take . It is amazing that such a polished recording could possibly be achieved live ... it 's just staggering really .
 I have had the video tape of this Roxy Music performance for years . I watched it a lot but the tape was old and I was very pleased to find it on DVD in its origional form . If you like Roxy Music this is a 5 star performance .
 Much prefer this to the later `` Live at the Apollo '' , which was frantically edited and in which the band members were really showing their age.I like the idea of preserving the original lineup , but there 's no comparison in the drumming of Newmark vs. Thompson ; their discographies are very lopsided .
 It was a Christmas gift for my son and he absolutely loved it ! It arrived just as promised and the train set that came along with it was a great bonus !
 It 's My 1 Year Anniversary I Got Those Along With The Final Season Of Fraggle Rock , It 's Short But It Is What It Is .
 When I first saw this movie it was different and well done . Valerie Bertinelli was very good in it .
 all from his classic Cant slow down Album , the videos are as great as the songs . Lionel Richie is a underrated video artist he has had some classic videos and this collection was cool and you could party to it . OUTRAGIOUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great movie if you like action , adventure and martial arts ! Eddie Cibrian , who plays Logan does a great job as a martial artist and Chuck Norris -LRB- Uncle Jake -RRB- does a great job of teaching Logan all the moves so that he can take revenge on the Mafia family that killed his own family . Logan see 's his whole family get killed in front of his eyes when he was a little boy , he then goes to live with his uncle Jake who brings him up and teaches him martial arts , as Logan matures into manhood , he prepares himself to go back and avenge his family 's death . Long Memory ... Short Fuse !
 Great movie as I enjoy all Chuck Norris movies and it is a shame they did not make a follow up to this movie . It has action , heart and energy .
 If you are a Chuck Norris fan like me you will enjoy this movie.I remember watching this movie yrs ago remembered the movie but not its proper name until amazon suggested movies to me .
 This a good movie in the same vain as most of Chuck Norris 's films , plenty of action , a must have for your collection .
 Fast delivery and in wonderful condition . Would buy again anytime from this person . Thank you .
 This is a an older video with two of tennis 's greats taking turns showing several tennis moves against each other ... they also chat a bit about how music can make practice more fun ... some parts are tennis music videos workout sessions , my favorite being `` Walking on the moon '' . -LRB- with some mood lighting and color changing , etc. . . -RRB- . . I am always hoping this will come out on a DVD version . I find it inspiring and play at a higher level after watching it .
 A well acted suspense story that 's almost predictable but manages to hold your interest anyway . James Farentino is great in this role . Lauren Hutton and Ben Murphy are believable as love interests . I enjoyed this movie and if mild suspense is your thing I believe you will enjoy it also .
 Genius or mad man ? A doctor that has a passion . Would he draw the line to murder ? Find out for yourself in a classical who-done-it ? Mystery , murder , flash-backs ... all that it takes . What did she see ? Who did she see ? A husbant with a solid motive , a mistress ... and baby on the way from his wife that is n't his , a doctor with a history of seducing pacients , oh yea , and a little romance . Find out !
 This tribute will blow you away as it was one of Celia 's last public appearances before her unfortunate passing . It contains a wealth of Latin music superstars , each passionately singing a special tribute to Celia Cruz as she watches and smiles from the best seat in the house . Every performer sings one of Celia 's own songs in spectacular fashion . The tribute also reiterates Celia 's historical musical movements and modern contributions to Latin music and its communities . This musically artistic tribute celebrates Celia Cruz 's life as brilliantly as her perpetual smile . It 's truly amazing and it will have you dancing and singing in your living room . It 's a must have !!!
 I had the greatest pleasure to be a part of this concert . You see , I work for Telemundo -LRB- the tv station that put the concert on -RRB- , and I can tell you that even the rehearsals were amazing . The crowd was on the feet the whole night . This Dvd does a great job of covering that wonderful evening . If you loved her as much as each artist that night did , you should get this Dvd . This was a great event and I can say that I 'm very lucky to have been there and had the pleasure to have met her . She is a very beautiful woman and she will be missed .
 WOOOOOOOOOOW!Its worth getting . a great tribute to the late celia . the best live salsa dvd in the marketazucar !!!! como lo dicen .
 The DVD is a wonderful tribute to the Queen of Salsa !! It is an excellent recording of her songs by other top artists in the Latino and popular music business ! I ca n't say enough about the beauty of the concert ! It brought tears to my eyes ! It is excellent ! I should have bought two to share with everyone I know !!
 It is a very fair tribute to Celia . It 's a shame that it was done so late when she was n't abble to sing as she used to . The singers do well , but it leaves a sad taste to see Celia just sitting and listen to her songs being interpretated by others .
 Este DVD tiene de todo buena produccion y extraordinarios artistas y soneros .5 ESTRELLAS
 This is a beautiful goodbye to a world famous artist . This is Celia 's party and it 's a good one ! Like some of the producers say of this production ` We wanted REAL reactions , not fake ones ' . All of the artists were REAL in their goodbyes . Miami had a special light that night . Los Trio , Gilberto Santa Rosa , Gloria Estafan with Patti LaBelle , Don Pedro Knight -- the performances were outstanding .
 This tape is spectacular , to say the least !!! An AWESOME tribute to the greatest legend who will be sorely missed !!!
 This is definitely a concert to be seen many times and still enjoy it every single moment you are watching it . This is a piece of Celia Cruz 's history to archive for the new generations to come and learn about this amazing artist .
 What a great variety of artist , the sound and image quality was excellent . I must have for the salsa lovers
 The best ever , buy and enjoy hours of music by many popular latin singers who have performed over the years . Thank you for the tribute of Celia Cruz befor her death . Buy today .
 So interesting ! This product is excellent . I recomend it.This CD is excellent ! ... Try it , try it ... you will see Love Celia and all the artists !
 Great product ... really helped my son through his teething . Not sure if it has `` healing '' powers or is just fun for him to put in his mouth ...
 I got a good deal on this movie from DVDSpree_com and they shipped it fast
 This 1984 release collects all their vintage music videos . Songs included are : Our Lips Are SealedWe Got the BeatVacationGet Up and GoHead Over HeelsTurn to YouYes or No
 The story is about about a kidnapper/killer who dables in voodoo on the side . He hooks up with another unsavory women with a similar background in killing and theft , and they both are involved in smuggling from Mexico . For kicks , they Kidnap two teenagers , and molest both of them.This is not for children since it can be graphic , bloody at times with partial nudity and sex.The story moves along well and is well directed . If you like suspense and action this one will deliver.John
 A quick comment
 I ordered this DVD mainly because Javier Bardem was in it . I thoroughly enjoyed `` no Country for Old Men '' . However , I was more than slightly disappointed by this actor 's performance in `` Dance With the Devil '' , simply because as measured and precise as Bardem 's acting talented vetted in `` No Country ... '' , it lacked the same control that I really appreciated in this first offering .
 Alex de la Iglesia has made a master piece with this movie , Bardem is unique and Perez is extraordinary , the mixture of cultures is well represented in this film altough that is not the central theme , you should n't miss this peace of art .
 Voodoo-like anti-hero , super hot gun toting anti-heroin , oh yea ! If you have n't seen this flik your F ^ & - ing up .
 This movie is brilliant ! A superb and decadent chronicle of hispanic deviants fallen victim to an abrasive love and lust between each other . The best film ever released in the United States by a Mexican-American director and one of the biggest new-age cult hits .
 esta pelicula es una de las mejores que e visto alex se luce dando una clase de road movie con gore al por mayor esta pelicula no es apta para personas sensibles esta al nivel de asesinos por naturaleza de oliver stone
 Being a huge Barry Gifford fan , having enjoyed De La Iglesia 's Day of the Beast , and of the opinion that Wild at Heart was one of the best novel to film adaptations in the history of cinema , needless to say , my expectations for this movie were very high . I couldnt have imagined it being so satisfying.De La Iglesia 's adaptation of Perdita Durango takes its liberties but -LRB- like Wild At Heart -RRB- finds its inspiration in the original source material without destroying the spirit.Romeo and Perdita carve thier way through the world with violence , magic , and sex . They are sadistic , perverse , and perfect for each other . From thier first fateful meeting , it is a dark destiny , a collision of two black souls . If the movie has any message , it is that even the most wicked person has a diabolic soulmate . Love does not discriminate.The preformances are great . Javier Bardem as Romeo was totally unrecognizable as the same guy who played the stud in Jamon , Jamon . He plays Romeo as charming , self preserving , and almost noble killer because his beliefs are in darkness , sacrifice , revenge , and amoral spirituality . My fears of Rosie Perez , an actress I am not fond of in any way , were unfounded as she embodied Perdita perfectly with sadism and sizzle . James Gandolfini , as the Wile E Coyote like DEA agent Dumas , was also very good , perpetually abused and doggedly determined.De La Iglesia handles with the film great skill . The pacing is fast and furious . Every scene is alive with energy , and his compostion is masterful . He has vastly improved from the flawed , yet entertaining , Day of the Beast , and demonstrates that his is a talent that continues to grow . Given the proper material and time , I can see him providing a enjoyable body of manic , surreal , and outrageous work .
 This movie rocks . It seems it is being marketed as some direct to video cheapie . But wait ... Violence , sex , drugs , car accidents , human sacrifice , cannibalism , and James Gandolfini . The script is great . The direction is sharp , superhip and intelligent . Alex de la Iglesia has been called the director of generation in Spain . His other two flims -LRB- Accion Mutante and The Day of the Beast -RRB- have been hits all over the world except in the U.S. . He has won many awards at film festivals worldwide . The acting in the film is top notch . Pacing is relentless and some of the action sequences are breathtaking . So once again do n't be fooled by bad american marketing . This film gives any Tarantino or Rodriguez flick a run for its money . The Europeans know how to make action and horror . Do n't forget to check out The Day of the Beast , de la Iglesia is definitely a filmmaker on his way up .
 Upping the bizarro quotient from David Lynch 's Wild at Heart , comes Alex De La Iglesia 's Dance with the Devil -LRB- aka Perdita Durango -- i like that title much better -RRB- , a wild ride of a film that features a pre-Before Night Falls Javier Bardem gleefully chewing up the scenery as Romeo , a witch doctor/mercenary enlisted to hijack a truckload of foetuses and bring it to Las Vegas . Casting against type is Rosie Perez as the title character , Perdita , who is as wild and crazy as Romeo . Along the way they kidnap a couple of white bread kids and stay ahead of the law , represented by a pre-Sopranos James Gandolfini in a hilarious turn as really unlucky lawman who keeps getting run over by speeding vehicles , and Repo Man director , Alex Cox as his dimwitted partner.This is funny , violent , warped cult film oddity that features an awesome cast -LRB- also including Screamin ' Jay Hawkins -RRB- and an equally impressive soundtrack -LRB- with not one but two rockin ' tunes by Southern Culture on the Skids -RRB- . Think of this as Natural Born Killers without all the political stuff or Wild at Heart on bad acid.Certainly not a film for everyone but if you like your action movies fast 'n' furious with a good dose of weirdness on top , then check this bad boy out .
 Dance with the Devil starring Rosie Perez and Javier Bardem are brilliant in their roles as Perdita and Romero . A crazy , psychotic couple who kidnap a teenage couple and rape them.Perdita and Romero are equally insane and equally unpredictable . These two are capable of doing anything and nothing is off limits with these two.Perdita is a very tough , street smart sexy woman , who you do n't want to mess with . Perdita is just as tough as any man . Rosie Perez was absolutely brilliant as Perdita.The movie is done in English and Spanish , but you wo n't need subtitles throughout the whole movie . The Spanish is just a couple sentences or conversations but not much . The movie is well worth the watch even if you ca n't speak Spanish.The movie has some sex and rapes scenes and a few bloody gore scenes.And of course swearing in English and Spanish.A + Movie . Well done and High Quality .
 this movie-containing explicit sex scenes , and sick violence-is at times entertaining as well as quite hollow at some point . however this may be forgiven , due to the outstanding performances by Javier Bardem , who plays the main character Romeo Dolorosa , a satanworshipping , killing psychopath , and Rosie Perez , who is in the movie -LRB- as i would take it -RRB- his second half Perdita Durango , also pretty sickminded . Together they take it to the road to finally pick up a young couple . Their purpose is it , to sacrifice them to this weird gods or whatever Romeo believes in . But the ceremony is interrupted . Bad luck for Romeo and Perdita . With the couple in the back they start their way to Las Vegas , where Romeo has got some deals . But as those kind of roadmovies are , everything goes wrong . That 's quite it with the story !!! however there are these few sequences in this movie that are just of sheer brilliance like these weird flashbacks , shortly-cut scenes that are being seen as Romeo or Perdita are telling stories of their past or so . Pretty sick though is the rough violence , shown in the movie !! But in this film it 's simply a neccessity !! well , that 's it so far !!! If you like Tarantino or Lynch , or you are even into splatter , go and watch it ; if you 've got the nerves , it 's great fun !! bye , bye martin
 Much better than for example Natural Born Killers , this is one of the best Movies of the 90 's . Once you get into the Story you are taking for a weird out crazy trip with Romeo , Perdita and their two Hostages . The Acting of everyone involed is over the top . I highly recommend this if you love plenty of laughs , pointless violence and voodoo rituals .
 Ya got ta love movies that successfully mix violence with laughter . Dance does that fairly well . One scene will make you so uncomfortable that you 're compelled to turn it off . The next scene will make you giggle . The director moves you from one emotion to the other often with no purpose rather than just shock value , but it works well!Aside from the theme that can -LRB- and has -RRB- been done many times , the acting made this movie . It was the acting that held me through the difficult parts . As a collector of cult-type movies this one will be added to my collection.Watch without kids and with somebody you love . : -RRB-
 ... about an hour ago . Naturally it has not yet arrived . Under these circumstances , I can not comment on the quality of this DVD collection . I can comment on the fact that I have seen a couple of them when they were televised , and I enjoyed them enough to purchase this collection . I can also comment on the fact that Amazon does not provide sufficient information as to the contents of this DVD collection , so I took the liberty of posting this list . I hope it may be useful to others.His and Hers -LRB- 1997 -RRB- 82 min - Comedy - Director
 FLYING DAGGER -LRB- 1993 -RRB- came out at a time when `` wire fu '' costume fantasies -LRB- in which the actors , hoisted on wires , fly back and forth during their swordplay/kung fu battles -RRB- were flooding the Hong Kong market -LRB- SWORDSMAN II , BUTTERFLY AND SWORD , KUNG FU CULT MASTER , DRAGON INN , etc. -RRB- . It was n't the first comedy in the genre , but it remains , arguably , the funniest of them , easily surpassing HANDSOME SIBLINGS and ROYAL TRAMP I & II . Boasting enough fighting & flying thrills to engage the action crowd , it 's a typical HK melange of comedy , romance , fantasy , acrobatics , and swordplay , yet is very well put together and utterly delightful from start to finish.It tells the story of a race by opposing teams of bounty hunters , Big Dagger and Little Dagger , and their female rivals , Big and Little Bewitchment , to track down wanted criminal Nine-Tails Fox and his wife , Flying Cat . Eventually the two teams join forces to bring the criminals to justice , only to find out that the wanted parties were framed by Master Lui who had initially hired Big and Little Dagger to pursue Fox . This all leads to a big battle at the end with seven good guys fighting Master Lui and his two super-powerful henchmen . In the course of it all , the male and female bounty hunters pair off romantically.Hong Kong comedies are often hit-and-miss when it comes to actual laugh content , but this one is full of clever and inventive gags throughout . Some of the best gags involve the disembodied hand of `` Never Die , '' one of the villains the heroes encounter . After being chopped off , the hand lives on and chases the heroes , often grabbing them in spots they do n't want grabbed , but eventually it becomes their ally and helps them out of rough spots . Think of ADDAMS FAMILY 'S Thing as an action hero and you 'll get the idea . And the trick effects are easily as seamless as those of the ADDAMS FAMILY.The good-looking cast is full of top Hong Kong names , most notably Jacky Cheung -LRB- A BULLET IN THE HEAD -RRB- as Nine-Tails Fox and Maggie Cheung -LRB- IRMA VEP , IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE -RRB- as Flying Cat . This is easily one of Maggie 's best action roles and ranks alongside her work in DRAGON INN . Tony Leung -LRB- also in DRAGON INN -RRB- and Sharla Cheung Man -LRB- ROYAL TRAMP -RRB- play the older bounty hunters who pair off , while the exceedingly cute `` little '' partners are played by Gloria Yip and Jimmy Lin , who bring to the film an attractive dose of youthful charm .
 I would not hesitate to recommend this film to anyone who can overlook ridiculous plotting and laughable situations to concentrate on the main strength of this film , the incredible amount of FUN involved.I 've watched this film so many times and every time it just makes me crack up . I mean , where else would you get a film that has shades of `` Evil Dead II '' with its dismembered hand running about attacking people and a decapitated invincible kung-fu master walking around bumping into things after losing his head , next to scenes of laughable comedy such as the character `` Nine Tails Fox '' who , armed with a long fluffy tail connected to his backside , can defeat enemies with his special move known as the `` Fox Farts '' . You can guess the rest and believe me silly does not even begin to cover it.The plot follows the exploits of two brothers who are bounty hunters on the trail of a master criminal for a substantial reward . The only problem is that they are not the only ones after the reward . Two female witches make the inept bounty hunters lives a misery before they realise that the only way to catch the villain is to work together . Various bizarre and surreal sub plots twist their way around the main storyline , making the film a little hard to follow in places , with people turning up out of the blue only serving to complicate matters even further . But overall you can not criticise the scriptwriters for coming up with something totally original and unpredictable.The name `` Flying Dagger '' is appropriate as the over the top wirework has the characters spend more time in the air than they do on the ground . These fight scenes are very well done if you like your fighting hyper kinetic with super speed editing and characters literally flying all over the place with amazing speed . It all makes for a wonderful spectacle . Blood flows freely in a totally over the top comic book fashion so it is hard to take it seriously . The film could n't be classed as gory as it always seems to be well balanced with the comedy scenes so the film never gets too dark . Serious martial arts film purists may be put off by the light hearted tone of the picture , but if you 're after a film that is fast , fun , hugely entertaining and completely surreal , you ca n't really go wrong with `` Flying Dagger '' .
 Flying dagger is one of the funniest movie I have seen this year . The main character in the movie seem weaker than Jimmy character . It seem that bad things always happen to the main character . As for Jimmy , he often get to do all the fighting . I think the girls in here are not good looking . Overall the movie have great comedy and the only good looking person in here have to be Jimmy Lin .
 This BBC program was broadcast in the USA by National Geographic . The four hour program , based on Deborah Cadbury 's well researched `` Space Race
 This is an amazing walk-through of the history of rocketry . I enjoyed this so much that I keep watching it over and over again . For those who expect real footage , note that maybe only 10 % of the whole movie is real footage and the rest is actors playing the events of the period . For North American buyers , be careful since the DVD is European region and your DVD player might not be able to play it . Overall , accurately made and the narration is also very good .
 This is a well done documentary about the race into space between the soviets and the United States . And since it is a British project , there is not the normal bias one might see . What is most interesting is the depth explored about the development and failures of the Russian technology . It is in PAL format and so to watch it here in America , you will need access to a standards converter .
 The Space Race was n't quite as one sided as one might believe . This series outlines the benefits of Capitalism over Communism but also shows serious flaws in NASA work to `` get man to the moon before this decade is out '' .
 The video , UFO Daires : The Bermuda Triangle and Area 51 is well worth the 10 or so dollars for it . It tells of facts and evidence that is needed for serious UFO research . The disapperances in the Bermuda Triangle and the photo 's of Area 51 have brought me from a sceptic to a believer !
 This video is a great way to get in shape , practice your self defense skills and gaze at gorgeous Lorenzo Lamas while you do it . It does help if you 've previously taken self defense classes though .
 Saw this book listed and available for $ 20 -LRB- movies not included -RRB- and I did n't want to pass it up . Upon receiving it I read it from cover to cover in a very short time . The information included in the behind-the-scenes of these three war movies is fascinating and detailed , and thoroughly enjoyable if you like the production side of movie-making . I already had the movies so not having the disks included with the book was no big deal , and I thought $ 20 for the book was a reasonable price . Glad I made the purchase .
 This book is on the making of the three great 20th . Century Fox World War II Epics
 As I said in the title , I ca n't vouch for the content as this was purchased as a gift for my Dad . However , the packaging is great . I thought Amazon made a mistake and sent a book instead of the DVD package , but it turned out to be BOTH a book and the DVD 's -LRB- guess I should have read the description better -RRB- . In any case , I know they are classic movies and this deluxe presentation will make an impressive gift .
 These are 3 fantastic WWII movies . First , there 's George C. Scott 's tour-de-force , Oscar-winning performance as Patton . Second , the Cornelius Ryan all-star classic , The Longest Day . Finally , the definitive Pearl Harbor movie , Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! , which is told from both the American and Japanese points-of-view . You ca n't go wrong here . Lots of action and limited gore .
 Would like to see more of these book/DVD combos .
 Ask your standard movie fan which Alistair MacLean adaptation they prefer and the vote would most likely be split between THE GUNS OF NAVARONE and WHERE EAGLES DARE , but , whilst I absolutely love the latter of those two , my personal favorite has been for many years WHEN EIGHT BELLS TOLL - a spy thriller penned by MacLean in the late 1960s and filmed with Anthony Hopkins in the lead role in 1971 . I saw the movie many years ago on British television and always longed to see it once more . My prayers were answered when it was finally announced for DVD release in Region 2 . Armed with a new region-free DVD player , I ordered it and anxiously checked my Maryland mailbox every day until its arrival.Watching it once again after all these years my passion for this action adventure is unfailing , I consider this to be the best spy thriller that -LSB- Bond producers -RSB- EON Productions NEVER made.With a simply superb cast that sees Hopkins joined by Robert Morley -LRB- as a rather snobbish boss -RRB- and Jack Hawkins -LRB- as a suspicious millionaire -RRB- this movie is simply brimming over with `` Bondian '' elements that include beautiful girls -LRB- bad and good -RRB- , thrilling action , underwater battles , building suspense and a roaring soundtrack . It 's the most entertaining couple of hours of spy thriller action that I have had the opportunity to enjoy in almost two decades.Hopkins plays secret agent Calvert who travels to the coast of Scotland disguised as a marine biologist to investigate the disappearance of bullion ships in the Irish Sea . There he encounters a colorful array of characters , both friend and foe before a climactic battle in an underground boathouse.The Region 2 DVD sports a fine transfer with only the theatrical trailer as a special feature . Still it is very entertaining and well worth putting your hard earned cash for . I simply can not recommend it strongly enough .
 This was one of the later film versions of an Alister Maclean novel , and is a tidy little thriller with little time wasted.Anthony Hopkins plays a secret service agent tasked with solving the pirating of millions of pounds of gold bullion in the North Sea . This search takes him to remote locations in the Hebrides , unravelling the secrets of a small town where people and yachts have been disappearing . Being an Alister Maclean novel , nothing and nobody is what they at first appear - the usual ingredients are present and correct - the femme fatale , the damsel in distress , the double crossing , the dour and unstoppable agent ... even Maclean 's dry sense of humour , which often gets lost in the translation to the big screen , comes through - probably as a result of Maclean writing the screenplay from his novel.The pace of the film is perfect , with a running time of 90 minutes not leaving you feel the film has outstayed its welcome . The actions scenes are fine , if a little outdated . . the scenes skulking around the castle even reminded me of possibly my favourite Maclean movie - Where Eagles Dare -LRB- the actor who played the castle Kommandant , General Rosemeyer , is also in this movie , making another link -RRB- . Music is pretty good for a 70 's score , with a brash theme that crops up anytime our hero is running or flying around - which is a significant part of the time . . it 's the sort of music which would not have been out of place in an episode of ` The Professionals ' . Another piece of inter-movie trivia - the stunts for the movie were done by Vic Armstrong and Bob Simmons , both Bond movie veterans . Watching this movie , one can almost imagine Hopkins playing Bond.Hopkins plays the cynical Maclean hero well , with the right does of dry humour - and is ably backed up by a great character actor cast - Robert Morley basically plays a more comic version of ` M ' from the earlier Bond movies , Jack Hawkins has little screen time as Sir Anthony Skouros , and is even voiced over -LRB- by Charles Gray , who also appeared in two Bond movies - ` Diamonds are forever ' and ` You only live twice ' -RRB- as he had a voice box owing to his throat cancer . Nathalie Delon plays the femme fatale role adequately - as far as I can tell , this was one of the few times she appeared in an English speaking role.All in all , a refreshingly taut little thriller which hits the right notes , and has not dated too badly . A cut above other thrillers of its time , recommended for any fans of Maclean or 70 's thrillers in general , but not one of his most best movie adaptations .
 Even at 34 Anthony Hopkins made an unlikely hero for a rousing adventure thriller such as When Eight Bells Toll , based on the book by Alistair Maclean . Hopkins face looks so young , with even a hint of cherubic baby fat . His height and build are only average . And 36 years later it 's hard to erase the knowledge of the future Hannibal Lecter , James Stevens , Henry Wilcox and Titus Andronicus , or for that matter much of the dreck he 's been appearing in these last few years.Still , Hopkins carries off the role of Commander Philip Calvert , an agent for British Naval Intelligence , with aplomb . First , Hopkins can act . He 's completely assured in a role which sometimes calls for the suspension of belief . His voice is quick and confident . He knows how to underplay . Second , he 's physically quick . The role calls for a lot of clambering up and down cliffs , running up staircases and along paths , swimming in a scuba outfit and engaging bad guys in fistfights . There are enough medium shots to see that Hopkins is doing a great deal of the action himself . Third , he 's intelligent and gives an intelligent performance.Why is Calvert doing all this stuff ? Because gold bullion is being pirated from ships off the coast of Scotland 's western highlands . Calvert , tough , disrespectful of authority , as unintimidated by Naval bureaucracy as he is by killers , is sent in undercover to investigate . What he finds , aided by a young Naval helper -LRB- and we know the fate that always awaits young helpers -RRB- , involves Sir Anthony Skouras -LRB- Jack Hawkins -RRB- , a very rich tycoon on a plush yacht anchored in a stormy loch , Charlotte -LRB- Nathalie Delon -RRB- , introduced as Sir Anthony 's young wife , and Lord Charnley -LRB- Derek Bond -RRB- , who appears to be Sir Anthony 's great and good friend . Occasionally checking in with Calvert is his boss in London , a fat and seemingly complaisant spymaster called Uncle Albert -LRB- Robert Morley -RRB- . When Calvert , suspicions aroused , requests that Sir Anthony be vetted , Uncle Albert is deeply offended . `` He 's a member of my club ! He 's on the wine committee ! '' In an amusing plot development , Uncle Albert winds up coming to the loch to find out what 's really going on . Since by now Calvert 's young sidekick -LRB- played by a young Corin Redgrave -RRB- is no longer with us , Uncle Albert winds up doing a bit of careful violence . Considering Morley 's corpulence and often officious roles he usually played , it was a pleasure witnessing his cautious but ready steadfastness.The search for the gold and for the mastermind takes Philip Calvert through some of Scotland 's mistiest , coldest-looking and rockiest sea-swept scenery , from a desolate cemetery and a desperate fight with two goons to deep under water in a scuba outfit and into the bowels of a deliberately sunken ship and another desperate fight , this time with a goon in a diving suit . There 's even a flaming helicopter crash into the cold , murky loch waters . Calvert eventually puzzles out the murderous scheme , but not before there are plot twists , turns and roundabouts . Along the way , Calvert deals out death by shooting and knifing , by throwing overboard , by neck cracking , by underwater acetylene torch and even by crossbow . Calvert is not a man to find yourself between him and his objective.When Eight Bells Toll is n't a great adventure thriller , but within its own limits it 's entertaining . Those limits are the same as in most of the many other adventure thrillers by Maclean ... headlong plots that do n't stop for anything , regular intervals of vivid violence and escapes , unexpected betrayals , loose ends that stay loose , a certain level of confusion about what exactly is happening , minimal significant female involvement and no sex . He wrote the screenplay for this one and often worked on the screenplays for the movies made from his books . Think Ice Station Zebra , The Guns of Navarone , Where Eagles Dare and quite a few others . Personally , I still like his first , HMS Ulysses , published in 1955 . He cranked out nearly a book a year until he died in 1987 . The last 20 or so , in my opinion , were little more than recycled quickies , predictable and uninteresting.The one disquieting and poignant note is watching Jack Hawkins , a first-rate actor , as Sir Anthony Skouras . Hawkins was a beefy man with a distinctive , raspy voice . He smoked 60 cigarettes a day at one time . In 1965 surgeons removed his larynx because of cancer . He no longer could speak . Hawkins continued to act until his death in 1973 . Charles Gray , a character actor and friend of Hawkins , usually dubbed his voice . Gray provides Hawkins ' voice in When Eight Bells Toll.The Region 2 DVD 's picture transfer is easy to watch but nothing special . It seemed to me that the audio could have used some work . There are no significant extras .
 Alistair Maclean 's 1966 thriller `` When Eight Bells Toll '' gets the cinematic treatment in this 1971 British effort , now available on DVD in the UK and US -LRB- this particular DVD is the UK version -RRB- . Maclean did the screenplay , adapting loosely but effectively from his novel . A young Anthony Hopkins is worth watching as a ruthless British agent battling a nasty and ruthless gang of gold bullion thieves in the Scottish Highlands.As the story opens , Naval officer and secret agent Philip Calvert -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- boards a hijacked ship , only to find his fellow agents murdered on board . Calvert himself barely escapes with his life , after a struggle with one of the bullion thieves . Calvert will find himself on notice with his boss , hunted by the gold thieves , and struggling to make sense of the case . A helicopter flight around the Western Highlands will solidify his suspicions but place him in mortal danger . Calvert 's relentless pursuit of the thieves will lead to a dramatic final showdown.The action sequences in this movie are pretty good , the more so for not looking like staged martial arts exhibitions . The underwater scenes , especially one in which a leading character is trapped underwater , are quite effective . The location shooting in Scotland is terrific . Fans of the novel are duly warned that Maclean altered the way some of the leading characters are played between the book and the movie , and the ending plays out a little differently . `` When Eight Bells Toll '' is a decent movie , and practically a 70 's period piece ; recommended .
 Scottish author Alistair MacLean -LRB- 1922-87 -RRB- specialized in tales of adventure and suspense , and with MacLean himself responsible for the screenplay , When Eight Bells Toll -LRB- 1971 -RRB- is one of the better screen adaptations of his books . The movie does a nice job of capturing the atmosphere of the novel , and the spirit of the characters , while spicing up the ending for a more exciting and cinematic finish.Typical for MacLean , what is happening is shrouded in some mystery , which unfolds as Treasury agent Philip Calvert -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- conducts an investigation into the happenings along the Scottish coast , where a number of ships carrying shipments of gold bullion have mysteriously vanished . Eventually his attention is centered on shipping tycoon Sir Anthony Skouras -LRB- Jack Hawkins -RRB- , and his yacht the Shangri-La . Also operating from a boat , Calvert gets his orders via radio from Sir Arthur Arnford-Jones -LRB- aka `` Uncle Arthur '' -RRB- who is played with great gusto by Robert Morley . Calvert gains valuable information while checking the coastline in a helicopter , but is nearly killed when the chopper is shot down , and slides into the sea . Managing to get back to his ship , Calvert is joined by Uncle Arthur , and later by Skouras ' wife Charlotte -LRB- Nathalie Delon -RRB- , who says that her husband has been associating with undesirable types , and has plans to stop Calvert.Featuring settings with mostly overcast skies , When Eight Bells Toll has a moist and dreary atmosphere . Calvert operates similar to James Bond , and the film includes a number of nicely executed action scenes , including some which are undersea . A community wide deception , which is at the heart of the matter , is a bit of a stretch , but it seems to play rather smoothly , as does the recruitment of local fisherman to help in the cause.Anthony Hopkins -LRB- The Silence of the Lambs , The Edge -RRB- does an excellent job of carrying the film . Calvert is extremely resourceful , and capable of great ruthlessness , repeatedly killing in cold blood without hesitation . Hopkins pulls it off well , without seeming fake or overly smug . Hardly known as a man of action , Robert Morley -LRB- Theater of Blood -RRB- is nonetheless very convincing , as a desk jockey who battles seasickness , and rises to the occasion , when pressed into frontline service.Staying fairly true to the source material , this effort should appeal to most MacLean fans , and is also a solid recommendation to those looking for some 70 's style intrigue and adventure . Unfortunately the film is not yet available on Region 1 DVD . Image quality of the 2011 Region 2 PAL release by JL Entertainment is good , although color saturation seems a bit light . There are no extras except a trailer , but the film is subtitled in English .
 Adventure movie based on book , pretty much plot for plot . Set in Scotland , very late 60s , very cynical portrayals . And some stock pieces that have stuck in my memory clearly from when I first saw it in 1970 . Holds its own , and the Wally Stott music hangs in the memory as well .
 What a Pleasant Surprise it was to view this Movie !! . . I am a Big fan of Alistair Maclean 's novels ; and have enjoyed many of the film adaptations ; even if many have been seriously lacking in certain respects ... I had Never heard of this particular film -LRB- Did it even get an American release ? -RRB- ; but stumbled upon it while shopping on Amazon 's UK site -LRB- where it costs MUCH less than on the US Amazon site ! -RRB- ... Once again , I 'm grateful to have my All-Region DVD Player ; as it is doubtful this little gem will get a Stateside release any time soon ; even with a very young and dynamic Anthony Hopkins in the leading hero role ... I ca n't add much to the other reviews posted here ; except to say this film is a resounding success on almost ALL levels ... Acting , scripting , locations , action sequences , photography , and film score ... A VERY Entertaining Action-Adventure thriller ; with a look at what Hopkins might have done with the James Bond role ... I will also mention that this Region 2 Carlton DVD release presents the film in all it 's original Widescreen 2.35 Glory , with a crisp and beautiful anamorphic transfer ; contrary to the 1.33 full screen posted in the product description ... Way to go !!! ... PS ; Once Again , I went to the Amazon UK site and got this for under 5 bucks !! ... MUCH cheaper than buying from these local ` importer ' price gougers !!
 This DVD set is much like the other DVD sets released so far in terms of how many episodes this set includes . That being said ... Season 2 , 7th Voyage holds 13 episodes ... or episodes 131-143 . Which includes the Post-Arabasta Arc , Goat Island Arc , and the Rainbow Mist Arc ... which is just enough to leave viewers salivating for the start of Season 3 , 1st Voyage -LRB- the start of the Skypeia arc -RRB- as for the Amazon price it 's a bit much to ask for as these are all filler episodes included in this entire DVD set , but it 's still a good buy if you can find it cheaper.The Post-Arabasta arc -LRB- ep . 131-135 -RRB- is a pretty comedic arc for the most part but it 's mostly just a range of episodes centered around each one of the Strawhat pirates either having a flashback of their own personal life , goofing off , or making short side trips on other islands where they help others.The Goat Island arc -LRB- ep . 136-138 -RRB- is a really short filler arc , which thank goodness One Piece keeps a large majority of their fillers short . This arc just centers around the Strawhats running from the Marines and landing on an island with an old geezer named Zenny -LRB- the old man on the cover of this DVD set -RRB- . Zenny is an old man that has a dream of becoming a pirate even though he 's clearly too old to pursue that dream , the Strawhats still push to help him achieve that dream in the end.The Rainbow Mist arc -LRB- ep . 139-143 -RRB- is an excellent filler arc in my personal opinion . The Strawhats land on Ruluka Island where a strange folktale of a mysterious cloak of mist is said to appear during certain times . An old man by the name of Professor Henzo , whom is researching the mist , lost a group of his friends to the mist a long long time ago . Needless to say the mist appears while the Strawhats are on Ruluka Island and Henzo is reunited with his friends inside the mist ... but they do n't recognize him ? Why ? because in the realm of the mist time is completely stopped and Henzo is an old geezer and his friends are still as young as the day they disappeared.I wanted to give a brief description of each arc this set contains without giving away too much about the arcs themselves . It 's a product worth buying but at a lower price , personally I 'd pay in the $ 25 - $ 35 range for it.Note
 This series brings the end of the Alabasta ark and is a great finale ... however , there are filler episodes at the end which some One Piece fans may not enjoy as much as others . Up to you if you watch them though as they are at the end , not in the middle , which is a nice way to lay them out .
 As far as filler arcs go , this is n't bad at all . The only thing bad about it is that it 's keeping you from the actual main story . For what it is it 's alright , I enjoyed watching it . The picture quality is as good as ever , same goes for the English dub . If you 've been collecting these sets do n't stop now !
 My wife and I really enjoyed this delightful movie about two friends and their developing relationship . You will have to stick out the first 10 - 20 minutes as this entertainer has a slow start , but ultimately it 's worth it.We were very disappointed in the quality of the DVD as well as the video . It was comparable to an `` OK '' video tape . The sound quality is fine , but the `` extra '' information is n't . The `` shame on you '' goes to The Richard Diercks Company , Inc. , and Simitar for taking such a fantastic medium and reducing it to an example of `` what not to do '' in DVD production , development , and video transfer .
 The Comfort Zone video collection contains the music videos from her second album of the same name , her style in music is more funkier and the videos are more mature mainly for the clip `` running back to you '' which shows her dancing skills in a sexier yet classy way , the interview segments in between videos are a nice look into the thought process of the music as well as the videos which was also the format for her first video collection entitled The Right Stuff , a great vhs for any fan who wants to be in ... The Comfort Zone
 Crispin Glover gives a sensitive and profound performance as Rodio Raskolnikov . We see his unusual sensitivity and introspective personality -- a real intellectual -- within the context of a deep pride that , like Uriah Heap , tends to feign humility . He is portrayed as at once smug , pitiful , too smart for his own good , and yet marvelously sincere . He manages to appear good even though he is a hideous murderer . It is the reverse of Dorian Grey . In Raskolnikov 's case , the more we travel with him trying to cope with his murders and avoid prosecution , the more we sense his goodness . Though he is a murderer , I could not find it in myself to dislike him or to judge him harshly . Rather , I sympathized with him and with his moral and personal psychological struggles . Mr. Glover thus pulled off his role to a T , and the rest of the supporting cast really gave me a sense that I was in Russia where everyone is trying hard , and often succeeding in keeping up appearances ; yet human degradation keeps breaking through . Sonja the prostitute turns out to be the most loving and noble of all those in the story ; and , in a way , her love for Raskolnikov brings out the best in her . His crime/failure has a redemptive effect upon her life . If you are patient , and ripe for a deeper type of film experience , this version of Crime and Punishment is for you .
 Updating an 1800s Russian classic to present day is risky ; using an American -LRB- Glover -RRB- and 2 Brits -LRB- Redgrave and Hurt -RRB- to play Russians is even riskier . But somehow everyone pulls it off
 This is a great classic movie where the hero -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- struggles with what he knows is right and what he is ordered to do . Shirley Temple plays a spoiled daughter who falls in love for the first time against her parent 's wishes , but love and duty both triumph in the end .
 My second favourite John Wayne Movie , the first being `` She Wore A Yellow Ribbon '' . A great cast and very entertaining as the westerns from this era are far superior to those of today . The movie shows just because you are superior in rank does n't mean you know everything . The battle of wills between two of the greats John Wayne and Henry Fonda was handled beautifully by these two veteran actors . Throw in a great supporting cast of Ward Bond , Victor McLaglen , Shirley Temple , John Agar and you ca n't miss . I highly recommend this movie to add to your collection . Glad to see it finally came out on DVD .
 Though this movie is not one of my favorites with John Wayne , I am happy with this purchase and have no complaints about it .
 What else is there to say about a John Wayne movie that has not been said . Good fast service and good movie .
 It was funny to see Shirley Temple in her teens . lol I have several movies of her as a little girl and now I have one with her as a young woman .
 This is another good film in this series . This time John Wayne plays an officer who is alot wiser than his commanding officer . This commander gets his cavalry unit wiped out a la George Custer by indians . John Wayne is left to pick up the pieces . A really good movie .
 As always John Wayne does it up right . I have learned to appreciate his movies over the years more and more . The early years of course were different but still very good . This is a great movie for any year .
 Great action movie with a plot . This completes the series of John Wayne and John Ford westerns about the U.S. Calvery . Great history lesson .
 FORT APACHE , directed by John Ford , features John Wayne in a unusual detour , as the understated Captain Kirby York , Henry Fonda as an arrogant and hardheaded Lt. Col. Owen Thursday , and a grown up Shirley Temple as Philadelphia Thursday , Fonda 's on-screen daughter . I viewed this film in a Native American Cinema course . We observed the tensions between soldiers , at the end of the American Civil War , with a local Indian tribe . While York -LRB- Wayne -RRB- believes that the Indians should be treated with respect , Lt. Col. Thursday thinks otherwise . Meanwhile , his daughter Philadelphia -LRB- Temple -RRB- is falling in love with Lt. Michael `` Mickey '' O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- . This is much to the great disapproval of her father.This is a film that depicted Native Americans in a rare , sympathetic light . We also see the ample tension that exists in the experience of Irish-American soldiers following the war . The acting , here , is at times interchangeably compelling -LRB- John Wayne is great , as is Henry Fonda -RRB- as well as annoying -LRB- Shirley Temple 's character becomes little more than a curiousity -- yes , this is the same Shirley Temple best known as a tap dancing three year old with ringlets -RRB- . John Ford did a great job crafting this film . It is very engaging and well done . I definitely reccomend this as your introduction to his cinematic storytelling .
 Its a strange size for my TV , but , its a 1948 movie , so its exceptional ! I have wanted this movie for years so I bought it !
 John Wayne , what can you say ? And it is helping me complete my John Wayne llibrary of all his movies!I 'm not a big Henry Fonda fan , but good because of JW & other cast members .
 WELL DONE INTERPRETATION OF THE HARSH REALITIES OF THAT TIME PERIOD IN HISTORY -- GREAT INTERACTION BETWEEN FONDA AND WAYNE -- HOLDS YOUR INTEREST VERY WELL ALL THROUGH -- AGAIN WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO MOVIE LOVERS AND FANS OF THE OLD WEST ERA
 All of the cast of &#34; Fort Apache &#34; does a good turn in this movie , including the first movie of John Agar -LRB- who plays the young 2nd lieutenant -RRB- and a worthwhile supporting cast , led by Ward Bond and Shirley Temple -LRB- who was married to Agar when this film was shot -RRB- . Henry Fonda also does an excellent job as the glory-hungry Col. Thursday , and a perfect foil for the Duke 's character . A must-have for any John Wayne collection .
 THE PACKAGE ARRIVED . I SLIPPED THE DISC OUT . AND THOUGHT WHAT WERE MISSING BY SO MANY STILL TO COME . -LRB- WAYNE 'S MOVIES -RRB- THE FAMILY HAS A TIGHT REIN.THIS ONE , ONE OF HIS GOOD ONE 'S WITH THE USUAL CO - STARS PLUS HENRY FONDA MAKES FOR A ROUSING WESTERN/ARMY . NOW FOR SOMTHING DIFFERENT `` THE QUITE MAN `` WITH MAUREEN O'HARE WHO MADE A FEW WITH THE DUKE ; YELLOW RIBBON ; ; JUST TO NAME A FEW . `` WAR WAGON '' SO IF YOU ENJOY THE `` DUKE `` THIS ONES FOR YOU . PLUS OTHERS . THE CUZ .
 I HAVE SEEN THIS MOVIE MANY TIMES PRIOR TO BUYING IT . I BOUGHT IT ON LINE AS A PACKAGE DEAL WITH 2 OTHER DVD 'S . EVEN WALMART WANTED TO MUCH MONEY AND I WENT TO SEVERAL BEFORE I FOUND ONE . I LIKE JOHN WAYNE , BUT I BOUGHT IT FOR THE FONDA ACTING . HE PLAYS THE PART WELL .
 Fort Apache , She Wore a Yellow Ribbon and Rio Grande comprise what is known as `` John Ford 's Cavalry Trilogy '' and are consided classic films . each film stars John Wayne and a strong supporting cast , mostly filled frfom the ranks of Ford 's list of character actors . also starring are Hendy Fonda , Shirley Temple and Maureen O'Hara and Joanne Dru . if you 're a fim buff or not , you will enjoy watching these westerns over and over .
 During times of war , the size of armies grow ; promotions come fast , especially for the career soldier . When the Civil War ended , the recruits went marching home ; unfortunately for the career soldiers , the United States Army no longer needed so many high ranking officers ; through no fault of their own , they faced humiliating loss of status and demotion ... If you are Lieutenant Colonel Thursday , your resentment , of what has happened to you , lies with you in every living moment ; you had soared to the rank of General during the War , you wore your glory-soaked stars with pride , but now , after all you have done , you 've been ordered to take command of a remote outpost in the Arizonan territories to settle some piddling Apache uprising ! The only thing that alleviates your bitterness is your sweet daughter Philadelphia ... If you are Philadelphia , you are happy that you finally get to spend time with your father ; you are not bothered in the least about the move to Fort Apache , especially after you catch sight of the shirtless 2nd Lt. O'Roark ; from now on there will be two men in your life . On the night , when you and your father arrive at the post , your father barges in on a regimental celebration ; he seeks Captain York ... If you are Captain York , you were - until that moment - the acting commander . You recognized Thursday from the war
 This John Ford classic has all the requirements for a great film . While a bit sappy at times with the old army Irish types , Victor Mclaughlin got a second life with these films , there is still enough here to engage the intellect . Shirely Temple is interesting to see grown up . Her acting style certainly did not evolve much over the years.What makes this film great are Fonda and Wayne , both playing roles opposite to their norm . Fonda is wonderfully arrogant and yet vulnerable at the same time . Wayne is humble and second fiddle for a change , he comes off well being the wiser , disgruntled subordinate . What really makes this film is the scenry an production quality . John Ford was painstakingly accurate with unifroms , equippment and gear . He provides a believeable image of army life , with all its pettiness and sense of honor . Everything is accurate down to the various bugle calls and the troop commands issued to the men . While there are obvious comparisons to Custer , what makes this film interesting is the sheer study of military incompetence . Fonda 's character is desperate to make a name for himself , and he sacrefices his command in order to do so . The battle scenes are exciting to watch , even the old fashion carriage chase with the Indians running about is well done . In the end what is the message of this film ? There probably is n't any exactly . Fonda 's character creates a military disaster , pure and simple , yet we see that Wayne is willing to carry on this legacy of heroism to inspire the regiment in its continued campaigns against the hostiles . Here we see how myths are made from the most unlikely sources . A fine film all around , and probably the best of Ford 's cavalry epics .
 The first , and in my opinion , the best of John Ford 's so-called Cavarly Trilogy . `` Fort Apache '' is Ford 's thinly veiled re-telling of the Custer-Little Bighorn legend . A subject that fascinated Ford , but he did n't want to be hemmed in by the history so he completely changed the names and locations so he could tell the story the way he wanted to tell it.Henry Fonda plays a Custer-like Colonel who has seen his career 's meteoric rise during the Civil War end with peacetime and an assignment to a frontier outpost . He resents this , and looks for an opportunity to earn fame and glory . He finds this opportunity at the expense of the Apaches who have left their reservation for good reasons . If he can defeat the Apaches then his career will certainly be boosted . Fonda 's Colonel Thursday is a brave and competent officer , who does recognize some of the injustice and indignity that the reservation system has imposed upon the Apaches , but his lust for glory blinds him to everything in the end.John Wayne plays the competent , experienced second in command who clashes repeatedly with his superior . The film also features a love interest between a grown-up Shirley Temple and her then real-life husband John Agar . Being a Ford movie there is plenty of comic relief from various Irish NCO 's , and romanticized vignettes of frontier cavalry life .
 An all-star cast in a John Ford Classic . Henry Fonda , John Wayne , Shirley Temple , Ward Bond , Victor MacLaglen all give fine performances . The story centers on Fonda 's character being assigned to Fort Apache against his will . He takes his anger out on the Indians with a result loosely based on Gen. Custer at Little Big Horn . The rest of the movie has all the elements that have made John Ford famous , action , adventure , humor , romance , and the spectacular scenery of Monument Valley .
 The western genre has been probably one of the most frequently used in Hollywood filmmaking , at least until fairly recent times . In every decade there have been countless mediocre efforts and a few that have come down to us as true classics of the genre , whether it be for their great action sequences , good character studies or spectacular scenery . John Ford 's 1948 `` Fort Apache '' is I believe one that belongs in the later category boasting excellence in all the three areas mentioned . The first installment in Ford 's deservedly classic cavalry trilogy `` Fort Apache '' , is strong on interesting character studies while never sacrificing the exciting action element which makes for a thrilling western . The teaming of veterans John Wayne and Henry Fonda in characters that have personalites that are bound to collide makes for much of the fine dramatic meat of this story . The film is also a standout in this genre for presenting a sympathetic and dignified image of the Indian races depicted in the story which helps give the film a certain uniqueness for western efforts from this period in Hollywood history.The conflict element central to this entire story is introduced very quickly when we see Col. Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- , reluctantly arriving at Fort Apache to take up command of this outpost against his will . He has with him his young daughter Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- , and almost before he is settled into his new home he comes into opposition with the local Captain York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- . York has extensive knowledge of the region and by his fairness and respectful dealings has earned the trust of the Indian population on the reservation however he immediately clashes with the unbending and unrealistic views that Col. Thursday has about outpost discipline and more importantly in the handling of the native population . Good men like Capt. Collingwood -LRB- George O'Brien -RRB- , find themselves relieved of their formerly held posts and Col. Thursday is soon even in conflict with his daughter when she begins a romance with the dashing young 2nd Lt. Michael O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- , a man who in Col. Thursday 's belief is way below her social station in life . The simmering conflicts at the fort reach a head when it is learnt that the local Indian population have moved out of their agreed reservation and after Capt. York meets with the Indian leader Cochise -LRB- Miguel Inclan -RRB- , and agrees to further peaceful talks , he finds his own reputation on the line when Col. Thursday refuses to be dictated to by the Indians and is prepared to use force if necessary to get them back on the reservation . When an agreement ca n't be reached even after the real reason why the Indians left the reservation is discovered revealing vast exploitation of the native population by greedy men at the outpost store Col. Thursday , used to military glory sees his opportunity for further praise in his uncompromising handling of the Indians who he regards simply as rebels despite their wish for peace . Insulting the Indian leaders despite their efforts to stay within the agreed treaty it then seems that war is inevitable . Disaster strikes when however when refusing Capt. York 's sound advice on battle strategies in this region Col. Thursday leads a whole battalion into a terrible ambush which sees all of the men killed with he also becoming a victim of his own inability to understand both the Indians and his own men.Westerns as a rule are not renowned for their strong character studies or examinations of Indian and white men 's belief about living together however John Ford has achieved that with this excellent examination of all the conflicting attitudes that made up life in the early west frontier . The performances delivered by both Henry Fonda and John Wayne are among their best with Fonda excelling as the type of leader we love to hate , a man driven by his past achievements who is determined to follow those despite what others say . John Wayne working with his favourite director here again delivers a very appealing performance as the decent Captain who finds all his years of experience in warfare and importantly in developing the trust of the Indians coming to naught in the face of Capt. York 's rigid set of beliefs . Both men square off against each other in a highly effective manner and add the main dramatic element to the story giving `` Fort Apache '' , alot of its memorable quality . The supporting players are also first rate . `` Fort Apache '' , provides us with a glimpse of the teenage Shirley Temple long after her reign as Hollywood 's greatest child star and she provides the typical romantic element here teaming with real life future husband John Agar in his film debut . Pedro Armendariz , Victor McLaglen and especially Ward Bond in his touching performance as Sgt. Maj. O'Rourke all add their expertise to their individual scenes and help make `` Fort Apache '' , a story rich with solid large and small characterisations . Of course being a John Ford western the visuals are of the greatest importance and Ford 's favourite location of Monument Valley is well utilised in the story as a magnificent backdrop to the proceedings . The films many great action sequences that display some excellent stunt work also go a long way towards earning this film its classic status with the famous shoot out at the climax where Col. Thursday and his men perish being rarely equalled for excitment and tragedy.Even if you are not a great western fan there is much to enjoy in `` Fort Apache '' . The main characters are not cardboard cut outs and the main conflicts in the story between firstly the characters played by Henry Fonda and John Wayne and in the wider one between the white men and the Indians are not provided with easy solutions and always try to show both sides of the conflict . It is this lack of everything being depicted as black and white as is so often seen in westerns that makes `` Fort Apache '' , such interesting viewing and which deservedly earns it the accolade of being a great classic of this genre , enjoy !
 A true John Ford classic . Some films are classed classic due to their age and people involved
 DVD newcomer `` Fort Apache '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- looks great , with minimal wear on its crisp black-and-white images -LRB- from original nitrate elements -RRB- and bugle-brisk audio . The film , ironically , finds Henry Fonda playing the maddeningly hawkish cavalry commander against John Wayne 's humanistic officer willing to risk all for peace and justice.The -LRB- single -RRB- DVD has no documentary on the exciting and heartfelt film , a shame . It does include a 15-minute piece on Monument Valley , covering Ford 's significant and seemingly beneficial role in the Indian reservation 's history . The Navajo , paid good wages for their appearances , called him `` Giant Soldier . '' `` I 've kissed more babies than a politician , '' Ford said . `` Part of his vision of the world was that we 're all very small in the scheme of things , '' film historian Joseph McBride says . `` I think -LRB- Monument Valley -RRB- gives a dimension of moral seriousness to his work that was intensified as he went along . '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This film exemplifies John Ford 's genius and the black and white cinematography is amazing and riveting . Henry Fonda delivers a bravura performance as the martinet Colonel Owen Thursday . It 's difficult to hate Fonda in anything , but this is perhaps his most unsympathetic role . John Wayne more than holds in own in a lesser role and he added much luster to his growing status as a Western icon.Ford 's familiar stock company is in full evidence , with steller performances by regulars Victor McLaglen and Ward Bond . Shirley Temple delivers an adequate adult performance and her scenes with Fonda are especially effective.This is one of the great westerns ever made and full appreciation of it has been slow in coming . I highly recommend it to anyone with an appreciation of this genre . Fonda 's performance alone makes this a must-see classic .
 To be totally honest , this is the only western I like . Now I know what my grandparents mean when they exclaim nostalgically when watching an old movie on their favorite movie channel , AMC , `` They do n't make 'em like they used to ! '' This film has made me a loyal AMC fan , and it 's the only channel I tune into nowadays . Believe me , if you 're looking for good old-fashioned entertainment , this one is the ideal choice . It has everything to offer
 This is a classic western , it features fine performance from the whole cast . Henry fonda is especially good and the duke does it right of course . Warner brothers released this blu ray from a decent print generally . There are a few scene with small scratches but overall this blu ray looks outstanding . The blu ray is a huge improvement over the dvd .
 John Ford must have felt very fortunate -LRB- although he would have never have admitted it -RRB- to have had John Wayne and Henry Fonda star in Fort Apache.Wayne and Fonda were by far the great director 's favorite leading men - he made Wayne a star in `` Stagecoach , '' and went on to direct him in some of the best-loved , best remembered Westerns ever , `` She Wore A Yellow Ribbon , '' `` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance , '' and one of the greatest movies of any genre , `` The Searchers . '' Fonda appeared in many movies with Ford as well , including `` Drums Along The Mohawk , '' `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' and another immortal Western , `` My Darling Clementine . `` Following a pattern that he would continue in `` Liberty Valance , '' Ford analyzes the mythology of the West , in particular the valiant heroic cavalry officer who bravely and unavoidably leads his men to certain death , thereby obtaining immortal glory . Fonda plays an arrogant , by-the-book stiff commander who will have nothing less than a to-the-death struggle with Cochise . Wayne is his subordinate , trying desperately to avoid catasrophe.This film has it all , great performances , great direction , and great cinematography . It is way past time that this great film be released on DVD , but it is well worth the wait .
 Another one of John Waynes better movies . Part of the trilogy that John Ford did . It , too , is one of my favorites and the cast in here was also stellar .
 Fort Apache is another wonderful example of Fords amazing directing ability ! It 's a pity that he is still not around to make more of these classic epics.John Wayne does a spectacular job playing Kirby York . A brilliant if somewhat bitter character , who has spent a major portion of his life fighting Indians and is therefore much more aware of the danger of fighting them as if they were civilized soldiers who obey the tactics of war.Henry Ford , as usual does an incredible acting job , as the ignorant Colonel Owen Thursday , who 's pride gets him into much more trouble then it 's worthI ca n't say that I actually ever rooted for the Indians -LRB- who did a wonderful job of appearing uncivilized -RRB- which I suppose is how it 's supposed to be :--RRB- And I was highly disappointed that Owen never made it back . Even if he WAS a disagreeable person.Fort Apache is a must see ! A GREAT video !
 I finally ordered this movie , plus the other two in John Fords `` Cavalry Trilogy '' . I really liked it . The extra piece about monument Valley was very interesting too .
 Received shipment with no problem . Excellent condition and the movie is GREAT !! Thank you .
 This is a good western and really well played by Henry Fonda and John Wayne . It carries you through a tough time in the relations of our expanding nation and the Indian nations.Chas E. Moser
 Fort Apache , is one of the best westerns and war movies . Henry Fonda is great as the crazy commander , John waynes knowlegable calvaryman part is a great balance to Fondas . The Irish sargent and the confederate veteran stand out too . The Apaches are less villified than usual , with the focus on the Calvarys problems .
 The first installment in Ford 's illustrious Cavalry Trilogy , `` Apache '' soars to great heights thanks to Fonda , effectively playing an arrogant , rigid Easterner , and the brawny Wayne , superb as a savvy frontiersman who knows it 's foolish to go up against Apache leader Cochise . Apart from critiquing the sensationalization of military heroics and the myth of the `` savage , '' Ford works in sequences of everyday frontier rituals , like dances , chores , and even a romance involving Thursday 's daughter , played by an all grown-up Shirley Temple . With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley , assured acting , and Custer-esque storyline , `` Apache '' is an enduring Western winner .
 This movie , whose setting is the post-Civil War west during the Indian Wars , features Shirley Temple as a teenager in love with one of the cavalry officers . It also repudiates those who accuse westerns in general , and John Wayne ones in particular , of necessarily reinforcing racist stereotypes about Indians.While many of the cavalrymen viewed Indians as violent , dishonorable savages , Captain York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- saw the Apaches as a Nation entitled to fairness and respect . -LRB- This film was made in 1948 , at a time when Indians were usually the bad guys . -RRB- When the cavalrymen condemned Chief Cochise for breaking a treaty by abandoning the Reservation , Captain York understood , and defended , this as an understandable reaction to a local dealer who was corrupting the Indians with worthless trinkets and alcohol -LRB- and debauched alcohol at that -RRB- , steadily converting them into a nation of drunks . Captain York wanted to live in peace with the Indians.This movie is also a tale of military loyalty . Although Commander Thursday was unfair to Captain York , and had led the men -LRB- and himself -RRB- into a foolish and disastrous combat encounter with the Indians , Captain York praises his fallen leader in front of the press .
 Fort Apache is a 1948 western film directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne and Henry Fonda . The film was the first of the director 's `` cavalry trilogy '' and was followed by She Wore a Yellow Ribbon -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and Rio Grande -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , both starring Wayne . The story , which screenwriter James Warner Bellah based loosely on George Armstrong Custer and the Battle of Little Bighorn , as well as the Fetterman Massacre of 1866 , was one of the first to present an authentic and sympathetic view of the Native Americans involved in the battle -LRB- Apache in the film , Sioux in the real battles -RRB- . The film was awarded the Best Director and Best Cinematography awards by the Locarno International Film Festival of Locarno , Switzerland.After the end of the American Civil War , the veteran , well-respected Captain Kirby York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- is expected by the regimental personnel of Fort Apache , an isolated U.S. cavalry post , to replace the outgoing commander . York had commanded his own regiment during the Civil War and was well-qualified to assume permanent command . To their surprise and disappointment , the command of the regiment was given to Lieutenant Colonel Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- . Thursday , a West Pointer , was a General during the Civil War . Despite his Civil War combat record , Lieutenant Colonel Thursday lacks experience to deal with the Indians he is expected to watch , and is a very arrogant officer and martinet.Accompanying widower Thursday is his daughter , Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- . She becomes attracted to Second Lieutenant Michael Shannon O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- , the son of Sergeant Major Michael O'Rourke -LRB- Ward Bond -RRB- . The elder O'Rourke had won the Medal of Honor , entitling his son to enter West Point and become an officer . However , the class-conscious Thursday forbids his daughter to see someone he does not consider a gentleman , despite the fact that Sergeant Major O'Rourke had served during the Civil War as a Major with the Irish Brigade and went on to earn the Medal of Honor for his bravery under fire.When there is unrest among the Indians , led by Cochise -LRB- Miguel Inclan -RRB- , Thursday ignores York 's advice to treat the natives with honor and that the problems are caused by corrupt Indian agents . His arrogant behavior drives the Indians to rise up . Eager for glory and recognition , Thursday orders his regiment into battle on Cochise 's terms , despite York 's urgent warnings.By deliberately misinterpreting his orders York spares the younger O'Rourke from battle . However , Thursday 's entire command is wiped out . Thursday himself survives but then returns to die with the last of his men . Cochise spares York 's detachment because he knows York to be an honorable man.Subsequently , now-Lieutenant Colonel Kirby York commands the regiment . Meeting with correspondents introduces Lt. O'Rourke , now married to Thursday 's daughter . A reporter asks if he has seen the famous painting depicting `` Thursday 's Charge . '' York , about to command a new and arduous campaign to bring in the Apaches , says it is completely accurate and then reminds the reporters that the soldiers will never be forgotten as long as the regiment lives.Some exteriors for the film were shot in Monument Valley , Utah . The exteriors involving the fort itself and the renegade Indian agent 's trading post were filmed at Corriganville , which is now a park in Simi Valley , California .
 this the first of ford 's cavalry trilogy and also one of his best films . casting wayne and fonda aganist type he pulled preformances out of both that are just incredible . fonda is a martinet new commnder to fort apache and wayne the seasoned captain that the men love and trust . fonda playes his part to the nines as he struts around wanting everything by the book even when the book is wrong . his col. thursday is looking for a way to prove his genius and his posting at fort apache is just what he does not want . as he and wayne clash over everything from rules to how to treat the indians we learn he plans to use this command to get himself a better rank no matter the cost.the battle at the end is true ford action and has one of the greatest visual scenes in any western or any movie i think.fonda and wayne were friends and that helps them play out their battle of wills . one of the all time best westerns ever made and ford , wayne , and fonda at their best
 This is the gem of the Wayne/Ford Calvary trilogy , and I am delighted it 's finally coming to DVD.But a question
 This was the greatest movie ! Anyone would like it ~ ! I would tell anyone/everyone to see it ! You should add this great one to your westerns !
 Absolutely one of the best westerns ever made ! I own a VHS Turner -LSB- colorized -RSB- version that was unfortunately taped at the EP speed - terrible picture detail , but it will have to do until it 's released on DVD one of these days -LSB- soon , I hope -RSB- .
 This was a better viewing of an old western than the regular DVD . Scenery was clearer and brighter than old views .
 This film is a classic western . The star-studded cast really delivers on -LRB- what I feel is -RRB- an excellent script and story . Films like this are the reason I love the western genre so much .
 It 's fascinating to compare this 1948 pairing of director John Ford and John Wayne with Stagecoach , which they did together in 1939 . In 1939 Wayne was a ` kid ' and the Indians were a faceless menace which could not be reasoned with . Not even ten years later , Wayne is a weathered , wise Captain on a remote outpost , very sympathetic with the local natives . The Indians are now a complex , mistreated group who are deserving of respect.The landscape and lifestyle is simply gorgeous in this film even though it 's black and white . The love of music , the heartachingly gorgeous vistas and carved rocks , the soaring skies all make you want to immediately take a trip to the west . There are a variety of characters here - the defeated Rebels from the civil war , the stereotypical group of drinking Irish , the shopkeeps who take advantage of the natives and the men of honor who try to do the right thing.The local cavalry group is happy hanging out in their remote outpost when Henry Fonda - Col. Thursday - shows up with his slightly ditsy but good natured daughter , Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple ! -RRB- . Philly playfully explains that Pomfret CT and not Pennsylvania lay in her past . Soon the local west point grad is in love with her - but despite his officer rank and the fact that his dad won the medal of honor , Thursday feels the romance is entirely inappropriate - a breach of class etiquette.In fact , Thursday calls the lad an `` uncilized Indian '' for taking his daughter out without permission . He feels he 's educated and worthy of great glory - he researched the tactics of Khan , Alexander the Great and others . When it comes to real life , however , he is lacking in wisdom.While the group is sitting around enjoying 1846 port , the natives are restless . Thusrday disdanfully complains that while others get to joust with `` the ` great indian nations ' of Sioux and Cheyenne , we get the gnat-stains and flea - bites of a few digger indians . '' Wayne , annoyed , responds , `` You 'd hardly call the Apaches digger indians . '' Says Thursday , `` You 'd scarely compare them with the Sioux ... '' When Wayne tries to talk about the Apaches destroying the Sioux , Thursday ignores him.Soon , because local trader Meacham has been only giving them rotgut whiskey , giving them `` whiskey but no beef '' , Chochise , Diablo , Geronimo and others take off with numerous Mescaleros and Chiricahuas for the south border . Meacham is dismissive - `` You know how children are '' . Wayne goes in to talk peace with them , and no sooner has he negotiated one but Thursday decides to kill them all for glory . When Wayne complains about the damage to his honor , Thursday sneers about the value of `` Your word to a breech-clothed savage '' . Unfortunately for Thursday 's wild plan , the cavalry are soon surrounded and outnumbered four to one . Thurday reluctantly agrees to talk - and again his lack of wisdom shines through as he abandons all diplomacy and openly insults them . It 's pretty inevitable what follows.On one hand you could complain that even though there are supposed to be multiple branches of the Apache clan represented , you tend to only see generic indians on ridges with regular shirts and bandanas . But compared to the stories done just ten years ago , the changes are pretty stunning . Now it 's the whites who are the senseless marauders , and the natives who are merely trying to find a peaceful way to live . Unfortunately , it 's the cavalrymen who get stuck in the center.A very important movie to watch , to see how the shifting sands adjust in perceptions over time - and to admire the gorgeous landscapes of the old west .
 First I love John Wayne movies . I remember seeing this one when I was younger and wanted it . I really like the movies where you knew the Stars -LRB- not just actors/actresses who are here today for a couple movies and who knows them after that -RRB- . I also love the movies of the 40s-early 60 's as they told stories that you could also use your imagination on . That is not telling/showing me every detail that belongs in the bathroom and bedroom using vulgar language as well .
 Outstanding movie Classic Calvary movie ! Great cinematography , beautiful counry side great story of how the regular army of the post Civil War era worked .
 I just love the pictures and updated sound quality from Bluray movies that were transfered from either VHS or older DVD 's and so will YOU !!!!
 John Wayne movies are the best.And with John Ford directing it 's even more of a blockbuster.And Henry Fonda and Shirley Temple are great too .
 John Ford and John Wayne teamed up to do many films during their days in Hollywood and this western adventure is among the best horse operas ever made . Set in picturesque Monument Valley , a favorite Ford outdoor setting , the movie tells of life in an army outpost in Arizona and the unease of officers and enlisted men under the command of a disgruntled , by-the-book lieutenant colonel . Henry Fonda is excellent as the martinent who alienates his men and clashes with Wayne 's Captain York throughout the film , their differences exploding during a peace parley with the Apaches which ends in a rousing cavalry-Indian engagement near the end of the movie . Ford 's regulars , led by Ward Bond , Victor McLaglen and Hank Worden are among the cast members , and Shirley Temple and John Agar provide the romantic angle in the proceedings . The black and white cinematography by Archie Stout is striking and Richard Hageman 's wistful score are among the film 's top notch production values .
 ... by Henry Fonda as a Custer-like commanding officer who is looking for glory in the wrong place . Stung by the army posting him in such a backwater outpost as Fort Apache , Fonda hits on the idea of taking on Cochese , who has abandonned his treaty due to the reprehensible treatment of his people at the hands of the Indian Bureau . Underestimating the grievances and ability of the Apaches , Fonda picks a fight and , well , the results are unfortunate.This is one of Ford 's more subtle westerns , with tremendous character development , and a sympathetic view of the plight of the Apaches . The black and white cinematography of Ford 's famous Monument Valley is spectacular , and the score is effective in conveying the majesty of military ceremony , pomp and circumstance . The rest of the cast is fine . John Wayne gives a controlled performance as the disapproving second-in-command , Ward Bond is the brave and watchful father of newcomer John Agar , and Victor McLaglen , Dick Foran , and Pedro Armendariz are a hilarious trio of sergeants who really enjoy their liquor . Miguel Inclan makes an impressive Cochese who outwits Henry Fonda at every turn . The Irish theme woven through the film is charming , as is the teen-aged Shirley Temple -LRB- she dances with John Wayne ! -RRB- who makes a sweet and appealing love interest along with her first husband John Agar . The intimate view of army outpost life is interesting , and contributes to the character development . The shoot 'em up stuff is where it belongs , but does not control the film until the end , where the audience sees the futility of battling the Apaches who have more than a compelling argument for being unhappy with their end of the bargain . A really splendid western and a fine film .
 This is the first of Ford 's cavalry trilogy , thought by many to be the best . I have nothing to add to the prior excellent summaries of this movie , but perhaps can shed a bit of light on what makes it special from the point of view of movie history . The first point of interest is the stars . Ford did many several fine movies with Fonda , in particular Young Mr Lincoln , but gradually seemed to express a preference for Wayne - probably because he was more overtly heroic - closer to Ford 's mythological ideal of the Great Westerner . Fonda 's heroism was more understated , often more cerebral . But , here we have a different Fonda - a bitter , incompetent misfit promoted over the head of the much more qualified , but younger , Wayne . Both actors give their best and , although Fonda 's talent is rarely questioned , never let it be said that Wayne could not act . He is superb in this trilogy , playing a range of ages brilliantly - the same character in Fort Apache and Rio Grande , and the more elderly Nathan Brittles in She Wore a Yellow Ribbon . Wayne also manages to convince with his portrayal of a man who genuinely understands the plight of the Indians it is his job to police , and sympathises with them . This is , to my knowledge , Fonda 's first foray into the role of the anti-hero - although fatally-flawed might be a more appropriate description . Nearly twenty years later he really made the transition in the splendid Once Upon a Time in the West.Of equal interest in this movie , and a source of great aesthetic delight , is Ford 's portrayal of Monument Valley as art . Taking advantage of black and white , he shows inumerable settings of different types of sky against carefully chosen geographical profiles that are simply stunningly beautiful . The more so , as they are used to emphasise the stark isolation of this conflict between the relentless development of the United States and the centuries-old right to roam of nomadic tribesmen.Finally , another item of particular interest is that Fort Apache featured former rodeo star Ben Johnson as the riding stunt double for Henry Fonda . The horses pulling a wagon , with three men on it , stampeded . Johnson galloped after it and managed to pull it to a halt before anyone was injured . A grateful Ford promised Johnson some work for his bravery , and the quiet man from Oklahoma was anticipating a more secure few years as a stuntman . Instead , he was rewarded with a 7-year acting contract ! Thus , was born the career of the inestimable Trooper Tyree ; a character who , for me , gives Rio Grande and She Wore a Yellow Ribbon the edge over Fort Apache . If you want Tyree in chronological order , see Rio Grande first ; not to mention dozens of other films that Johnson lifts above the ordinary.I 'll tell you what ; why not buy all three of the trilogy ? I 'm not particularly a Western buff , but I love these movies . They are allegories for life ; and anyone wanting to understand America could make no better start than with John Ford and his myths .
 An interesting and watchable film . Not standard ` cavalry and Indians ' fare . The Apache have left the reservation becaue of mistreatment by the corrupt Dept. of Indian Affairs -- and under President Grant , it was truly corrupt . I wo n't attempt to summarize the movie . Watch it , yourself . The Apache are dealt with with understanding . The Federal Commandant , played by Henry Fonda , is overly played as pigheaded and militarily foolish.The Apache were n't paragons and all officers , even if they were Yankees , were n't all stupid ... but ... this movie does highlight wrongs done to the Native-Americans . Still , in one sense , the movie misses something far more important than Indian Office corruption . The Indian agent is mismanaging the Apache beef ration amonst other things . Think about it ... a beef RATION . Even if doled out honestly , it is still a dole . Free people , used to hunting , fishing and providing for themselves , were reduced to wards of the state . Here lie the true tragedy.Ron Braithwaite , author of novels -- ` Skull Rack ' and ` Hummingbird God ' -- on the Spanish Conquest of Mexico
 I 'm out of my element with this film . I normally do n't review black-and-white classics , because I 'm too cynical to view the big studio releases of yesteryear with an open mind . All of them are contrived and somewhat sappy ; I watch them and envision a cherubic Mickey Rooney looking on while eating chocolate chip cookies and drinking milk . `` That 's a swell show , Dad ! `` But I like John Ford films . And I really like FORT APACHE , despite the movie being a stereotypical product of its time . Why , you ask -LRB- or mutter indifferently -RRB- ? Because this film actually depicts some range for Henry Fonda and the Duke himself . Fonda plays a very unsympathetic role , while John Wayne steps out of character -LRB- for him -RRB- to play a compassionate second fiddle . And Ford 's experiment works
 I have never been into Classic Westerns or John Wayne for that matter.However , one day when I was feeling lazy and feeling like a `` couch potato '' I found this movie on television.I figured it would hold my interest for a few minutes but I was wrong ! First off the music caught my ear and the words to the songs became stuck in my head ! Pleasantly so though.With being used to modern , action packed and special effect loaded movies of today , which I love and go to see often , I was entertained by the simplicity of the movie . The story line was simple with clear cut `` good vs bad '' and strong characters who wanted to do the right thing.The movie was filmed in the west and the outdoor scenes were very good . I thought the Native American portrayal was not that bad considering the time period the movie was made.John Wayne surprised me as I found his acting to be good and of course Henry Fonda is a classic actor . So , I watched the entire movie and I enjoyed it , I did not get bored , and I ended up buying a copy for myself!So , if you like the `` old west '' give this fifties movie a chance .
 A great classic western . Fun and interesting characters , easy to watch and enjoy , good guys and bad guys , clear cut heroes .
 While I like `` Fort Apache , '' I feel that there is too much horseplay in the movie as well as too much Shirley Temple-John Agar . Joanne Dru is far superior in a similar type of role in the follow-up `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon . '' The screenplay to `` Fort Apache '' could have been tightened up dropping about 10 minutes and giving it a more streamlined result . `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' is a superior film because of a better handled script . Having said that , `` Fort Apache '' is still very entertaining . Its strength is in its opposing characters played by Henry Fonda and John Wayne . It 's easy to focus on Fonda 's martinet of a commander , but Wayne is excellent in his somewhat secondary role . He 's almost an observer on equal footing with the supporting players and that generosity pays off with a very likeable , heroic character . I do n't like `` Fort Apache '' enough to add it to my collection , as I have `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon , '' but it 's still a film to watch and enjoy .
 This is one of my favorite John Wayne movies ! I love the older westerns and I have collected most of the Wayne movies that have been available on DVD .
 This movie was an insight to how history repeats itself when it comes to Glory Hunting Officers that dont listen to those who know best , but rather ignore the big picture and go get themselves killed , Just as General Custer did at little big horn.Peter Fonda played the part of the glory hunting general so very well and the Duke was his normal best .
 This is a great classic John Wayne movie . I am very happy it is on DVD now
 Watching this film uncut and with no interruptions was great . I makes you proud to know yhat you are a part of a great country with an even greater heritage .
 John Wayne and Henry Fonda , Great movie . Had mixed feelings about Henry Fonda 's roll . Not a very forgiving roll , you almost were glad that he suffered the fate that his command did .
 One of my favorite movies ! Impressively sharp in blu-ray . Possibly the best of John Fords ' `` cavalry trilogy '' , the real star is Henry Fonda with John Wayne in a more supporting role . Doesnt appear that the other two movies in the trilogy are yet available in blu-ray , but am looking for them .
 A wonderful action packed movie!The scenery of Monument Valley beautiful , even though the movie is in a B&W ; format.The cast could not have been better selected to work together ; John Wayne , Henry Fonda , Ward Bond , Victor McGlaughlin , etc.One of my all time best movie picks.Thank you for the opportunity to let me say so !
 I have always been a John Wayne fan . With Fort Apache not only was the action all youwould expect but the location of the filming set this picture in a whole differentkind if western . I feel that it is one of his best
 Outstanding . The finest equestrian display I have ever seen . Ohara and wayne give a fine performance . Far superior to sad performances given today .
 John Wayne and Henry Fonda are at their very best in this classic western . John Wayne plays second fiddle to Henry Fonda 's character . As a collector of movies , purchasing Fort Apache was a no brainer . I have watch this movie many times and I still believe it 's a classic .
 This is a great western film starring
 Forget all John Wayne 's macho roles as his career wound down - `` Fort Apache '' , with it 's follow-on `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' are the true stories of the old west.These John Ford movies starring John Wayne , Ward Bond , and Heny Fonda , illustrate the heat , dust , and courage of those who pacified the west . And Victor McLaughlin to typify the Irish non-com ? Brilliant casting!And Wayne 's final lines about how the soldiers are not forgotten , that the regiment lives on thru them ... as true today as it was ` back in the day . `` I remember watching this on TV back in the 60 's - Well Done !!
 This solid western/action flick shows some of the worst type of leadership on display in the character of Colonel Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- , an arrogant , self-important man seeking glory for his own sake instead of executing his command for the good of others . Captain Kirby York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- tries to impress on Col. Thursday the realities of life in the frontier , and Thursday coldly rejects them believing in his own superiority over all else.If you want to see first hand how not to be a leader , this is a good movie to watch . In addition this is also an excellent John Ford movie well worth adding to your personal film library .
 This movie is one part of the `` Cavalry Trilogy '' directed by John Ford . Ya got ta collect all three to get the best of the west from the U.S. Army 's perspective . Hey , it 's got John Wayne , Henry Fonda , Ward Bond , Shirley Temple -LRB- all grown up -RRB- , and introduces handsome John Agar -LRB- Shirley Temple 's future real-life husband -RRB- . It 's a great movie . If you have not seen it , you 'll love it . If you have seen it before , you know what I mean .
 FORT APACHE -LRB- 1948 -RRB- was John Ford 's and John Wayne 's first western together since STAGECOACH -LRB- 1939 -RRB- they would go on to make six more culminating in THE MAN WHO SHOT LIBERTY VALANCE -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . This film was also the first of what became known as Ford 's Cavalry Trilogy . The others were SHE WORE A YELLOW RIBBON 1949 -RRB- and RIO GRANDE -LRB- 1950 -RRB- and were Ford 's splendid tribute to the U.S. Cavalry and as such deserve to be judged as a body of work that as yet has no equal!Wayne in this film shares top billing with Henry Fonda who a couple of years earlier had starred as the hero Wyatt Earp in John Ford 's marvellous MY DARLING CLEMENTINE -LRB- 1946 -RRB- this time Ford has him as the unsympathetic martinet Lt Col Owen Thursday against the experienced Captain Kirby York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- . Incidentally when Wayne reprised this role for the last outing in the trilogy in RIO GRANDE he not only gained promotion but an extra letter to his name by becoming Lt Col Kirby Yorke.The story is basically a study of frontier life against the backdrop of the Indian Wars and the end bears more than a passing resemblance to Custer 's Last Stand with the Fonda character leading his men into an Apache massacre from which few return . The final theme when it 's all over was `` when the legend becomes fact , print the legend '' which would be used to such good effect in the aforementioned THE MAN WHO SHOT LIBERTY VALANCE some fourteen years later .
 This is my favorite among the several westerns which Ford directed . When seeing it again recently , I was again struck by how relevant this film is to the contemporary business world , more specifically in terms of issues which concern leadership and management . In his recently published Why Smart Executives Fail , Sydney Finkelstein identifies a number of specific lessons which can be learned from `` spectacularly unsuccessful '' executives such as Dennis Kozlowski , Jean-Marie Messier , and Jill Barad . In an article published by Fast Company magazine -LRB- July 2003 -RRB- , he lists seven self-defeating and destructive habits :1 . They see themselves and their companies dominating their environment .2 . They identify so completely with the company that there is no clear boundary between their personal interests and their corporate interests .3 . They think they have all the answers .4 . They ruthlessly eliminate anyone who is n't 100 % behind them .5 . They are consummate spokespersons , obsessed with the company image .6 . They underestimate obstacles .7 . They stubbornly rely on what worked for them in the past.In Fort Apache , Lieutenant Colonel Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- displays all of the seven habits identified and then so brilliantly discussed by Finkelstein . Captain Kirby York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- repeatedly tries without any success whatsoever to dissuade his commanding officer from behavior which ultimately results in his -LRB- Thursday 's -RRB- death and the slaughter of most of those under his command . Near the end of the film in his final remarks to journalists , York defends `` Thursday 's Charge , '' not to protect Thursday 's reputation but to protect the honor of those whom the vainglorious Thursday led to their deaths . York also wishes to preserve the honor of the U.S. Cavalry.Brilliantly filmed in black-and-white by Louis Clyde Stouman and Archie J. Stout , Fort Apache captures the natural beauty but also the isolation in which the fort is located and to which the obviously unhappy Thursday is assigned following the reduction of his rank . -LRB- No reasons are given for the assignment and demotion , both of which Thursday bitterly resents . -RRB- Ford includes several sub plots , notably the mutual attraction of Lieutenant Michael O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- and Thursday 's daughter Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- and the role of the corrupt government civilian official , Silas Meacham -LRB- Grant Withers -RRB- . Of course , several members of the Ford Repertory Players -LRB- Pedro Armendariz , Ward Bond , Dick Foran , Ben Jonson , and Victor McLaglen -RRB- are also in the excellent cast.The focus of the film , however , is on the conflict between Thursday and York . More specifically , between Thursday 's stubborn commitment to mindsets and habits such as those Finkelstein identifies and York 's determination to avoid further hostilities . York respects Cochise and the Apaches whereas Thursday views them with contempt . Worse yet , Thursday tragically underestimates their judgment and skills as warriors . Of course , York knows better . Much as Cochise wants to avoid bloodshed , Thursday leaves him no choice after insulting him in front of other Apache leaders -LRB- including Geronimo -RRB- as well the cavalry officers nearby . I shall never forget Cochise 's profound sadness when realizing that there is no longer any hope for peace . The results of `` Thursday 's Charge '' are a foregone conclusion.Even after 55 years , this film remains visually stunning and retains its dramatic impact . For these and other reasons , it is among my favorite westerns and , in my opinion , the best of the westerns which John Ford directed .
 The exceptional grandness and the singularity of his genius resides in that unique approach dressed with mythical breath , which origins hi Westerns remains in our memory with such intensity level . He knew as any other filmmaker the Western constitutes the true American Mythology , and that is why his characters are always depicted with this certain mystery 's aura . They do not seem to obey exactly the rules of the establishment , but seem to merge with the inner passion and natural commitment , that in certain moments may agree with the state of things but not always fit ; there is something out of context in their attitudes . They fight following their own codes.This is a clear example
 A truly excellent western , one of the all-time greats ; the only reason it 's not a full 5 stars is there are a few which are marginally better , such as `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' and `` Shane '' . Both Henry Fonda and John Wayne are cast against type here , and both prove what great actors they are . Fonda plays a stubborn , excessively proud army commander -LRB- loosely based on General George Armstrong Custer -RRB- furious at being sent to an outpost in Arizona to fight the Apache , complaining they 're not even the `` tough '' Indians . Wayne is a looser , kinder man more adjusted to living in the middle of nowhere , beloved by his men , and holding much more respect for the Apache since he 's dealt with them many times . Fonda insists on using the Apache 's trust of Wayne against them , luring them into a trap to force them back onto the reservation . Wayne does his best to stop it , but the forces are already at work and there 's little he can do . The ensuing massacre -LRB- remember , this tale is based on the exploits of Custer -RRB- leaves Wayne with the dilemma
 `` FORT APACHE '' JOHN WAYNE/JOHN FORD , WHAT A TEAM !! COULD N'T REALLY GO WRONG WITH THIS `` PAIRING '' ALL THREE JOHN FORD CAVALRY MOVIES WERE GOOD SOLID ENTERTAINMENT , THE FORD FAMILY WERE A JOY TO WATCH !! THE BLU-RAY BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE TRANSFER IS CRISP . AND THE MONO SOUND IS EXCELLENT , GO OUT AND BUY IT !!!! RECOMMENDED . WOULD LIKE TO SEE `` SHE WORE A YELLOW RIBBON '' AND `` RIO GRANDE '' ON BLU-RAY , IN FACT ALL ' JOHN WAYNE MOVIES ON BLU-RAY , WHY NOT ? HE WAS THE GREATEST !!!!!!
 Reading reviews of the cavalry trilogy movies -LRB- Fort Apache , She Wore A Yellow Ribbon , & Rio Grande -RRB- you will possibly hear appreciation for the director , the actors , the locations , etc. , but one thing you may not hear is appreciation for the author who put pen and ink to paper to write all these stories that found their way to the movie screen.His name was James Warner Bellah and from his short story , MASSACRE , published by Curtis Publishing Company in 1947 came the framework for the movie Fort Apache . Other of his stories form the background for the other 2 cavalry pictures , as well as the later movie , SERGEANT RUTLEDGE.All these stories , 10 in total , later appeared in a Fawcett Gold Medal paperback -LRB- s1218 -RRB- entitiled REVEILLE which sold for 35 cents in June , 1962 . The fort was called Fort Starke in the stories and this is how Fawcett summarized the book
 Director John Ford began his trilogy of the bluecoat versus Indian trilogy with FORT APACHE in 1948 . The film was such a hit that he quickly followed with a pair of sequels , SHE WORE A YELLOW RIBBON and RIO GRANDE . John Wayne played basically the same character in each , a grizzled , weary veteran of the Indian wars who is one of the few people in any of the three films who sees the Indians sympathetically . In FORT APACHE , he is Captain Kirby York , who has to adjust to being in second command to a martinet of a commander , Colonel Owen Thursday , played by Henry Fonda in only one of two unsympathetic roles in a very long film career -LRB- ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST is the other -RRB- . Captain York wants to bring an end to the Indian wars , so he meets Cochise and Geronimo and gives them his word that they will be treated fairly . Of course , Colonel Thursday decides to attack the Indians in a surprise assault that fools nobody . Colonel Thursday is seen as a clone of General Custer who had much the same idea of surprising 5,000 Indian warriors . It is hard to find any sympathy for Thursday . Every word that he utters is starkly unemotional . He is about as fair with the Indians as he is with his own daughter Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- when he refuses consent to her marriage with a dashing cavalry lieutenant played by the blandly handsome John Agar , who , in real life , married Shirley soon after the film was released . The highlight of the film is a characteristic of John Ford , a smashingly effective use of onrushing troopers led into a cavalry charge with a bugler tooting the way . The battle scene of trooper versus Indian inevitably draws comparison with the real life massacre of the 7th Cavalry under General Custer . The role of the Indian in this and the other two installments is one of the few instances in which the Indian is not seen as the inherently bad guy . In fact , Cochise and Geronimo were both willing to abide by a verbal treaty and Colonel Thursday 's verbal harangue of the two proud chiefs clearly invests them with some sympathy . The viewer is left with the distinct impression that if the west had had more Captain Yorks and fewer Colonel Thursdays , then the history of the wild west might have been written in much less blood .
 The quintessential Ford \ Wayne cavalry epic !!! A must see for all afficiandos of The Duke ! ANd the John Ford regulars all deliver .
 This movie even in its old form stands out as a classic . . Great performances by all the actors involved including the young shirley Temple and John Agar . Victor McLaglen is again solid ad are Pedro Armindariz and Ward Bond
 John Ford was one of the greatest directors to ever step on a movie set . He was proficient in many genres but won his most acclaim for his Westerns - especially those starring John Wayne . Fort Apache ranks among his best offerings , having not only great direction but also two super stars at the peak of their powers . Duke Wayne and Hank Fonda play contrasting characters who share one thing in common - the call to duty . The scenery is glorious and the pacing sublime in this highly recommended film .
 Just returned from a trip out west including Monument Valley so I had to order the cavalry trilogy . This film is filled with great characters supporting Fonda & Wayne . The scenery is amazing.This is a spoiler but the ending caught me totally by suprise.If you think you know how the Duke will react in a movie you are dead wrong.Enjoy Shirley Temple , Victor McClauglen , Harry Carey etc. . I enjoyed the actor who was Wayne 's translator for his parlay with Cochise . I 'm pretty sure he was in From Russia with Love too.A must see for Western or Wayne or Ford fans .
 Great Wayne-Ford movie . I had an old vhs copy . . but wanted a DVD that would last in my `` collection '' . Shipping was vey prompt and well wrapped .
 MOVIE IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION . ARRIVED BEFORE SCHEDULED TIME . EXCELLENT MOVIE . THANK YOU .
 This is another great classic John Wayne movie . I bought it for my John Wayne DVD collection . I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves classic western , especially John Wayne .
 What 's there not to like ? John Wayne , the old west , fabulous scenery and a music score that will resonate in your head for weeks ! Add a little bit of romance , a wild indian fight and you 've got pure magic . Definitely one you want to own .
 This is one of the three movies in the Cavalry Trilogy , directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne . The others
 Fort Apache is one of my husband 's favorite movies , however , he is a huge fan of John Wayne , and loves watching many of them . He has a very large collection of them on VHS and now he is doing the same thing on DVDs.We both love a mystery , and westerns . If there is a little romance in them to , that is a bonus . Fort Apache is a western and full of adventure and movement . And it also has romance . A very good movie.Lu
 ` Fort Apache ' is worth watching for John Ford 's cinematography alone . Much of the movie was filmed in Monument Valley , Ford 's favorite setting . But the movie offers much more . Ford crafts an entertaining movie-watching experience that includes some deft comedic scenes early on . Ward Bond turns in a strong performance as the burly Irish-American Sgt. Major.Ford also defies some of our stereotypes of the classic Western . Owen Thursday , the embittered new leader of Fort Apache brilliantly played by Henry Fonda , is , despite his protestation to the contrary , a martinet and in the end a recklessly proud fool . Perhaps most interesting , Ford starkly calls into question the creation of military heroes . Thursday rides to his death in an unprovoked and fool-hardy frontal attack on Apache warriors . Cut to the closing scene , months later back at the fort , Thursday 's memory is lauded by a group of uninformed reporters as a glorious hero to which John Wayne , the new leader of Fort Apache ironically accedes.Highly recommended .
 In portraying the history of the United States from the Revolutionary War to World War II , John Ford continually resorted to a deeply personal , nostalgic form of legend ... If there is no doubt of his importance to the development of the Western , his uniquely sentimental , poetic glorification of the white American 's conquest of the wilderness is both picturesque and reactionary ... The cavalrymen get a more honorable deal from three films made in succession by him
 Back in my Army days -LRB- `` When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth '' -RRB- it was a common belief among many , if not most , of us laboring for the cause in green fatigues , that every `` shavetail '' 2nd lieutenant who ever put a pair of gold bars on his shoulders or an `` L.T. '' clip on his collar , should be required to watch John Ford 's `` Fort Apache '' before he drew his first duty assignment ... and should be also required to write an essay on what it meant . Same thing , we all consensed , should apply to every officer being promoted to a higher rank , right on up the scale . The reason for this , we felt , was that everyone `` moving up '' needed to always be reminded that `` The Book '' -LRB- i.e. military regs , tactics , etc. -RRB- was only truly workable as a GENERAL GUIDEand was not a foolproof blueprint for micro-managing warfare -LRB- or LIFE -RRB- on a day by day basis . All too often , obsessively going `` by the book '' ... and ignoring all contrary circumstances around you ... will land you in a `` heap o ' trouble '' . And this by-the-book -LRB- or `` Company S.O.P. '' -RRB- `` mania '' is a nuisance factor that often bedevils people to this very day in all walks of life -- from hospital staffs to office staffs to restaurant workers to all manner of others -- where `` the book '' both intervenes and interferes with a practical `` real world '' effort at `` getting the job done '' . All to often ` the book '' iscompiled by `` executive '' types who have nothing better to do than sit around and make up silly , unrealistic , and impractical rules and regulations -LRB- most of them ... with regard to consequential `` spill-over effects '' ... not very well thought out at all -RRB- that OTHER people have to TRY and make workable . `` Fort Apache '' tells the story of a `` Book Soldier '' , Henry Fonda 's `` Col. Owen Thursday '' , a by-the-numbers martinet who has come to the Arizona frontier with his head full of Von Clausewitz , Sun Tsu , Alexander and Bonaparte , and West Pointconcepts of `` pinchers '' and `` envelopments '' . He is an arrogant elitist who views American Indians as crude , unsophisticated savages and who eyes their capabilities as fighting men withscorn and dismissive disregard.John Wayne plays `` Captain Kirby York '' , Fort Apache 's executive officer behind Fonda , and the leader of a cadre of veteran officers and NCOs who KNOW the territory and KNOW their adversaries , the Apaches ... know them WELL ENOUGH , in fact , toRESPECT them . AND to account for their strengths and capabilities in dealing with them.All this knowledge and `` feel '' for the Apaches means nothing to Thursday when he comes swaggering in , and he takes no time in letting everyone know everything will henceforth be done HIS way . The garrison is troubled and uneasy about `` His '' way , but they have no option but to follow his lead . He IS the colonel.York tries to reason with Thursday but gets nowhere . He even gets used most egregiously -LRB- and dishonorably -RRB- by Thursday in luring the legendary Cochise over the border from Mexico into U.S. territory . There seems to be no ploy the arrogant colonel wo n't use in his quest for promotion and prestige within the army.Thursday gets HIS comeuppence in the end ... but , unfortunately , he makes a lot of other GOOD men pay the ultimate price for his own incompetence and ineptitude along with him . In many ways the Thursday character is a bit of a take-off on George Custer , although Thursday 's demise is based more on the Fetterman Massacre of 1866 rather than on Little Big Horn.Ford 's direction is sure-handed in this , and the performances of John Wayne and Henry Fonda are superb . The black & white cinematography is excellent and the jaunty use of 19th century cavalry music ... particularly `` The Girl I Left Behind Me '' ... is enough to get one 's head nodding and toes tapping whenever the band stikes up . `` Fort Apache '' may be , overall , the best of the famous `` Cavalry Trilogy '' , with `` She Wore A Yellow Ribbon '' coming in a VERY close second behind it . `` Rio Grande '' is not a klunker , either , by a long shot ... but does n't really have the sheer power of the first two . And the only reason this trilogy is not a `` Quartet '' is that `` The Horse Soldiers '' is a `` Southern '' , rather than a `` western '' , and no Indians are involved in it . -LRB- And , note
 My favourite movie experiences these days are the newly printed masterpieces of the past . To see this film beautifully restored like this is wonderful.John Ford was one of the greatest film directors who ever lived . John Wayne was , and is , much underrated as an actor , especially when working with Ford.I only hope that Warner get their hands on the 2nd of the Cavalry Trilogy , She Wore a Yellow Ribbon , and do the same level of work that they have done here .
 Many of John Wayne 's best movies . One of director Ford 's better movies with John Wayne . A must for your movie library
 i misread the notes on the movie , i thought remastered meant colourised , -LRB- colorized in your spelling -RRB- but i 'm still happy with the product . thank you Jenny Bell
 This movie is one of John Wayne.s best.This movie showed john wayne at his best , at the top of his film life.This film did try to show the lie , s that was told to the red man inorder to take away the land from the redman.most enjoyable .
 Great movie and so glad to see this released to -LRB- Blu-Ray -RRB- . Keep anything of John Wayne 's great movies released on -LRB- blu-ray -RRB- coming as soon as they Available . .
 Fort Apache was one of John Wayne 's great movies . How could you lose with Henry Fonda , John Wayne and Henry Ford ? Fantastic story , great action !
 Colorization on the Ford/Wayne western videotapes is mostly pastels and lacks detail , with true reds missing . All horses are the same brown color , and fire is a fakey orange hue . Detractors of computer enhancement have much ammunition with these early color-enhanced works.Ward Bond fans will love FORT APACHE . Here , he 's Sgt. Maj. O'Rourke , and has the lilting brogue to prove it . During `` the late unpleasantness , '' O'Rourke was a major decorated with the Medal of Honor . This allowed his son a presidential appointment to West Point.Young 2nd Lt. O'Rourke -LRB- Agar , in his screen debut -RRB- is a spit-shine officer who contrasts with everyone at his current garrison except new commander Lt. Col. Thursday , a former general and an unpleasant by-the-book martinet . Lt. O'Rourke falls in love with the colonel 's daughter , but the father does n't want under-age Philadelphia -LRB- Temple -RRB- to mix with O'Rourke , so he plans to ship her back East.That storyline is set aside for Thursday 's quest after personal glory via a foolhardy attempt to destroy Cochise 's Apaches once he 's lured them to this side of the Mexican border . A deadly cavalry/warrior clash is the heart of this classic movie.Shot partly in Monument Valley and a loose take on Custer 's Last Stand , `` Fort Apache '' was the first of John Ford 's `` Cavalry Trio , '' being closely followed by SHE WORE A YELLOW RIBBON -LRB- 1949 -RRB- -LRB- VHS -RRB- -LRB- DVD -RRB- , and RIO GRANDE -LRB- 1950 -RRB- -LRB- VHS -RRB- -LRB- DVD -RRB- . -LRB- all links to b & w ; films -RRB- As of 3/10 , the colorized `` Fort Apache '' was not available on DVD.Parenthetical number preceing title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.7 -RRB- Fort Apache -LRB- 1948 -RRB- - John Wayne/Henry Fonda/Shirley Temple/Ward Bond/George O'Brien / Victor McLaglen/Irene Rich/Dick Foran/Guy Kibbee/Grant Withers/Movita/Mae Busch/John Agar
 This Fordian classic is one-third of the `` Cavalry Trilogy '' and the only one that focuses on a character other than the one played by John Wayne . Around 1876 , Lt.-Col . Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- , following a generalship in the Civil War and several years in Europe , arrives in the Arizona Territory with his 16-year-old daughter Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- to take up the duties of C.O. at Fort Apache , which has been temporarily under Capt. Kirby York -LRB- Wayne -RRB- , with the older Capt. Sam Collingwood -LRB- George O'Brien -RRB- , with whom Thursday has a history , as his adjutant . Also newly come -- or perhaps more accurately newly returned , since he grew up there -- to Fort Apache is the new-minted Lt. Michael O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- , son of the post 's sergeant-major -LRB- Ward Bond -RRB- , a 15-year veteran who started out as an officer in an Irish regiment during the War . Phil Thursday and young Michael almost immediately fall in love , while Thursday attempts to impose his particular style of command on his men -- and on the Apaches , led by Cochise -LRB- Miguel Inclan -RRB- , whom he tricks into returning from Mexico by using York and the chief 's trust of him as a stalking horse . What results is tragedy for almost everyone concerned.Thursday is a paradoxical character
 John Ford 's Cavalry Trilogy is a series of three movies , `` Fort Apache '' BW -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' Color -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and `` Rio Grande '' BW -LRB- 1950 -RRB- in which we get an insight into the life and manners of the United States Cavalry during the Indian Wars . Each is an independent movie and made be viewed in any order . `` Fort Apache '' is the story of a martinet Lt. Col. , Owen Thursday -LRB- Henry Fonda -RRB- . Bitter and angry at being shunted aside by the War Department he is determined regain his lost prestige by browbeating so called `` Digger Indians '' -LRB- the Apaches of the 1870-74 -RRB- . Posted to Ft Apache , he and his daughter , Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- come up against a well settled army post which has its own established and sensible way of doing things under the leadership of senior troop commander Capt. Kirby York -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- . Brushing aside well seasoned advice , Thursday seeks immediately to remake the command in his personal image while attempting to severely punish the Indians.What makes this film interesting is not the story line but the underlying view of army life and customs of a frontier post . The movie fully explores the ridged caste system that existed between officer and NCO , the social hierarchy even among women , and the bigoted racism against the Indians and the Irish soldiers who made up the core of the professional NCO class . Traditions and customs abound in this movie and duty , tradition and honor to the cavalry are all that matter . Even the music has its tradition , for when the dance is terminated by Lt. Col. Thursday we hear the playing of `` Good Night Ladies '' which was traditional closing song for military dances.One historical note of interest is Shirley Temple 's character Philadelphia and her romantic interest in a young lieutenant , Michael O'Rourke -LRB- John Agar -RRB- . This theme will be visited again in the movie `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' where Olivia Dandridge -LRB- Joanne Dru -RRB- seeks to choose between two young lieutenants , Ross Pennell -LRB- Harry Carey Jr. -RRB- and Flint Cohill -LRB- John Agar -RRB- . What is notable about these encounters is the age of the girls . Philadelphia we are told is 16 -LRB- Shirley Temple was actually 20 at the time -RRB- while Olivia Dandridge appears much older -LRB- Joanne Dru was 27 at the time -RRB- . In truth , the journals and the diaries of the times tell us that a single young woman of 16 or more , on the frontier , would have been considered `` Left on the Shelf / An Old Maid '' , but the social mores of the mid 20th century and politically correct Hollywood would have not permitted us knowing their true age , which probably would have been about 14-15 , but such a portrayal on screen would be unthinkable . With these things in mind , watch for these underlying currents of duty , tradition , and honor running through the movie . `` Ft. Apache '' gives us a nice inside look army life and manners.For those movie history buffs you will be interested to know that this is a pivotal point for director John Ford . Till this point his principal leading man was generally Henry Fonda and is so in this movie . But from this point on John Wayne , playing a secondary role here , will be the rising star and replaces Fonda as Ford 's principal leading man.Readers of this review are invited to comment below or by email as listed in my profile .
 1948 John Ford western , starring Henry Fonda , John Wayne , and a 20-year-old Shirley Temple . Mostly a character study of an aging war hero -LRB- Fonda -RRB- shuffled off to an outlying fort , and wanting one more chance for the fame and glory that he misses . Unfortunately , it 's his men that pay the price . Shirley Temple is involved in the sub-plot as his daughter , dragged from the east coast to the wild west , falls for a local soldier . Some pretty funny scenes with the character actors who plays the local soldiers/drunks , and some pretty intense subjects that still resonate today . Based in part on Custer 's Last Stand .
 John Wayne has always been my hero and it is a great western . John Wayne is always a stong personality and strong in every possible way a man can be .
 Overall , Fort Apache is a good western . It includes several of the elements required of a Western - good cast with Henry Fonda and John Wayne as the leads , wonderful scenery , and a decent plot . Henry Ford does an excellent job in his role as the new Commander who drives everyone crazy with his staunch leadership style . John Wayne is always great as a Cavalry Officer , and the supporting cast is pretty good as well . John Ford , the great Western Director , does a nice job filming with great landscapes . I enjoyed the movie , but have two main problems with it . First , it does not have enough action . Too much time is spent focusing on life on the base , and not enough of the plot is focused on life in the field for the Calvary . Second , it is a little too long . Otherwise , Fort Apache is a fine Western worth watching .
 John Wayne 's name drew us to this movie . If he was not in it we would not have enjoyed it too well . He pretty much saved the day just being in the movie . It was not as great a story as so many of his others . Nice Family movie , no foul language , no obscenity .
 If you want to see Henry Fonda play the stiffest , grouchiest , most conceited , most pigheaded , most vainglorious , most embittered , most foolish military commander you can imagine , this is the right film.With all these negatives , a watchable film is going too require a good deal of counterbalancing humor , song and female presence . John Ford duly provided such aplenty in the form of the cultural contrasts between the formal New Englander , Colonel Thursday -LRB- Fonda -RRB- and the rough and ready westerners inside and outside of the post he has come to command . Seems the ranks of the NCOs at this post are mostly filled with fun-loving Irishmen . Thursday 's beautiful teen daughter , Philadelphia -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- , provides an easy entry into the feminine presence in the fort.A new West Point graduate , Lt. O'Rourke , also the son of resident Sergeant O'Rourke , happens to be arriving at the fort the same day as the Thursdays . The Colonel is very chagrined to find an escort waiting for Lt. O'Rourke , but not for himself ! He 's also chagrined to find that the party in progress when he arrives is not in his honor , but is a birthday party . `` Whose birthday ? '' he asks menacingly . `` General George Washington 's '' , was the satisfactory answer . Thursday keeps addressing Lt. O'Rourke by various misnomers , suggesting he regards him so little that his name is n't worth remembering . Once he finds out that his daughter has designs on O'Rourke , he can finally remember his name ! When Thursday is introduced to the former post commander , unbelievably , he declines to meet the extended hand of his predecessor!This is the only film in which Ford 's two favorite leading men , Fonda and Wayne , star together , usually as antagonists on how to properly deal with the Apaches . Wayne , as Cpt . York , is knowedgeable and respective of the Apache 's ways , while Thursday refuses to learn from the experience of York nor to respect the military prowess and agreements of the Apaches . He does , however , come to share the general disgust with the appointed `` indian '' agent , whose self-serving policies have led some of the Apaches to abandon the reservation in favor of Mexico and others to kill some soldiers on details.Anthony Mann later directed a film `` The Last Frontier '' , in which the theme of an arrogant greenhorn commander from the East who refuses to heed the advice of those used to the local Native Americans , is repeated . Although not as well balanced as the present film , it 's worth checking out . In both films , the offending commander has to be eliminated in order to allow a budding romance involving a woman dear to his heart to proceed to completion.In my opinion , this is the most enjoyable western Ford -LRB- and perhaps anyone else -RRB- directed , in spite of Colonel Thursday 's difficult personality and the absence of either Walter Brennan or Gabby Hayes -LRB- neither on Ford 's list of essential supporting actors -RRB- . It 's my guess the name Thursday was meant to have some symbolic significance . Thursday is , of course , named in honor of the Norse and Germanic god of thunder and war , protector of gods and humans from danger.Shirley Temple seems a tad stiff in her role . Perhaps this was intended as a consequence of a finishing school experience . She seems to be playing a girl of about 16 , a few years younger than her actual age , who easily pouts when her clear romantic interest in a man is not immediately returned . John Agar , who plays her romantic interest , was in fact her husband at the time , but not for long . I was struck how much her face at this age resembled that of a young Jane Mansfield .
 What can I say , another John Wayne classic . You ca n't really go wrong wen you put Wayne and Fonda in a movie . Add in Shirley Temple and all is right with the world . A series of movies were made around this time with John Wayne either staring as a Colonel or Captain . They were all excellent rough riding , whoopin and hollin , Cavalry westerns made to entertain . Well worth the price and great for cold days at home when you just want to sit back and watch something entertaining with no real subplot to work out . It a must for your DVD library
 a true classicthis was when they made enjoyable films
 This is an excellent movie . John Ford really had a gift for movies about the west and he found a great figure in John Wayne .
 This is a great classice western , with John Wayne doing his usual great acting . I really enjoyed watching this movie . It is a great addition to my collection of DVDs
 I have another review of this GREAT John Ford classic under the `` John Wayne-John Ford Collection '' , which includes eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- classic Wayne-Ford motion Pictures that include : `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -LRB- great Technicolor Western -RRB- , `` Stagecoach '' , -LRB- the film that made Wayne a Star and brought back the Western , along with DeMille 's `` Union Pacific '' , back to A-Level movie status -RRB- `` They Were Expendable '' -LRB- a WW2 film set in the Pacific,co-starring Wayne and Robert Montgomery -RRB- , '' 3 Godfathers '' -LRB- Often filmed Western story that Ford made as a silent , starring Harry Carey , sr. , who this film is made in Memory of -RRB- , `` The Long Voyage Home '' -LRB- nearly forgotten Ford masterpiece , derived from four -LRB- 4 -RRB- Eugene O'Neill playlets , adapted by Dudley Nichols -RRB- , `` The Wings of Eagles '' -LRB- the true story of Frank `` Spig '' Wead,WW1-WW2 flying ace and real life pal of Ford , with Wayne-O'Hara as husband & wife , with NOT ENOUGH MAUREEN ! -RRB- , and a special 2-disc DVD set of that great anti- racist post-Civil-War Western , `` The Searchers '' . In `` Fort Apache '' , Henry Fonda , as the new commander , of Fort Apache , is an arrogant Indian hating , and Irish-Catholic disliking , WASP who seeks glory for himself , no matter what the cost maybe!Great perfomances by Fonda , Wayne , George O'Brien , Ward Bond , Anna Lee , Irene Rich , Victor McLaglen , Dick Foran -LRB- who sings very well too -RRB- , Grant Withers -LRB- as a corrupt Suttler -RRB- , Guy Kibbe , Pedro Armendariz , and as a very sympathetic `` Cochise '' Miguel Inclan!Shirley temple and John Agar provide the love interest.A GREAT MOVIE ! A GREAT WESTERN !! by AMERICA 'S GREATEST DIRECTOR !!!
 `` Fort Apache '' , first in the John Ford-directed trilogy about the U.S. Cavalry , is one of Hollywood 's great westerns . Starring John Wayne , Henry Fonda , Victor McLaglen ... they do n't make 'em like they used to , so saddle up and enjoy the ride -LRB- followed by `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' and `` Rio Grande '' -RRB- . Yee hah !
 I have to say that this DVD series is somewhat frustrating . There were some moments when I felt like turning it off so stupid it was and then at others it really hit home . This is n't a great series start but it is a decent one and I 'll buy the rest of the series .
 I 've heard a lot of great things about this series from what I 've read about it so far ... The art looks fairly clean and crisp and the premise is intriguing -- the story of a group of garbage collectors whose task is to keep the space routes of interstellar traffic clear while revealing their personal stories and interactions with each other . Another strange rumour is that this series will try to realisticaally portray life and travel in outer space . I have always been a fan of space-based anime , but getting the chance to watch a series that does NOT try to make things imaginary is pretty cool.Can ' t wait to see this one !
 As a viewer of Japanese animation for about -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- 25 years , I 'm astonished at how fast this terrific series has risen into my top 10 list . -LRB- The top 5 is already permanently filled , but that 's another review entirely . -RRB- It 's a deft combination of real science and emotional interplay , set during a time when humanity has FINALLY taken the first real steps into the solar system , building a colony on the moon and discovering a wanderlust that will push ever outward . First , though , there 's a mountain of trash to be cleared out of Earth 's orbit ; literally millions of tiny -LRB- and not so tiny -RRB- bits of debris travelling faster than bullets that can punch clean through a spaceship . The main characters in Planetes are at the bottom of the sociology of the time , yet they perform the most important service imaginable
 First , Planetes is a powerful anime based on a good , solid manga . With five episodes on the first disc , you get a nice beginning to the story , with a foundation on the characters , the time and the setting . The first episode even has commentary with the Japanese director and two of the main Japanese voice actors -LRB- while they 're all drinking beer -RRB- . And the English voice talents are some of the greats in the business . Kirk Thornton , Julie Ann Taylor , Wendee Lee , Jamieson Price , Steve Jay Blum , Tony Oliver , Crispin Freeman , Lex Lang , Steve Kramer and much , much more.The second disc has interviews with Tony Oliver -LRB- who is also the English ADR director -RRB- , Kirk Thornton and Julie Ann Taylor , as well as members of NASA 's REAL Orbital Debris Department ! There is also a photo gallery showing real debris that has fallen back to Earth , audio dramas in Japanese and the normal trailers you find on a anime disc.This special edition is truely special and does not cost you an arm and a leg . A must for any fan of anime , sci-fi , Wendee Lee -LRB- YEAH -RRB- or anybody who enjoys a good , solid story !
 No doubt about it , 2005 was a good year for anime . In the same year we got Galaxy Railways , Samurai 7 , and this awesome gem . If you boil it down to it 's basic components , Planetes about the lives of people in the not-so-distant future who work in outer space collecting garbage from the Earth 's orbit -LRB- the literal translation of the Greek word Planetes is `` Wanderers '' -RRB- . In actuality , this show is so much more it 's very difficult to describe . You could say it 's more like a traditional television show -LRB- or even documentary television -RRB- than most anime -LRB- no fan-service , giant robots , exaggerated body types , over-the-top action , ect -RRB- . It 's so grounded in reality that you could be forgiven for wondering why you would even want to animate it in the first place . The characters are ordinary people , their working environment is very realistic , much of the drama comes from the personal struggles of the characters , and there is NO sound in space . Furthermore , under the the tight direction , superb dialog , exquisite characterization , detailed artwork and smooth animation , you will find the soul of outer space arguably not glimpsed since a certain Gainax classic.If I were to try to describe the spirit of this show , I would say it is very like the legendary Wings of Honneamise . In both that film and this series , we are presented with a world that has lost it 's idealism , its hopes and dreams , and is being swallowed up by greed , laziness , and self-interest . Like that universe , here it is shown repeatedly that despite the cold , unfeeling , uncaring world , there are always little ways that the true beauty of humanity -LRB- and indeed , the universe -RRB- can shine through . If this show has a motto , it 's got ta be something like `` There 's a big , scary , cruel world out there ... but I do n't believe in it . `` This romantic idealism is personified by the kind female protagonist , Ai Tanabe . Introduced in the first episode and one of the two main characters from there on out , Ai is one of the greatest , to say nothing of most human anime characters I have yet witnessed . At once timid , shy , sweet , tough , strong , and righteously motivated , her character makes a perfect foil -LRB- perfect match ? -RRB- for the rough and cynical Hachimachi -LRB- the headband wearing wannabe -RRB- . The true genius of their relationship is , of course , that despite the fact that Hachi is always acting like a person totally grounded in reality who only cares about himself , he actually has dreams , ideals , and deep feelings that he hides deep down . In other words , he 's just like her.There are many other characters , and all of them save one or two receive considerable character development time in this series . In the beginning and middle of the series , there are entire episodes devoted just to the back story of a single character . And of course , despite the realistic setting , we see again and again what might be called miracles by the true believers and amazing coincidences by the unmoved.Through the course of the show we get to see some wonderful drama , greatly enhanced by the use of the silence of space and some very appropriate music . Again , the realism of the series serves to further strengthen things , as we find ourselves thinking of the characters as real people , and feeling their deep inner struggles.If I had to describe the animation style of this show , I 'd say it looked somewhat like the style of The Cat Returns . Everything has a somewhat pastel coloration , people and buildings look detailed , but somewhat sketchy -LRB- as opposed to the sharp angles or overly round looks most are familiar with -RRB- . The spaceships , machinery , and other fine points are meticulously detailed , and CGI is used carefully and sparingly -LRB- again , only enhancing the presentation -RRB- . If there are any downsides to this excellent show , they would probably be either the comedy -LRB- which I personally love , but some people find too bizarre -RRB- , the somewhat awkward beginning of the first episodes , and perhaps the ending theme -LRB- it just does n't seem to go with the epic feel as well as the opening theme which I absolutely love -RRB- . Everyone who is a fan of serious science fiction , drama , or just plain old good anime or good TV shows in general needs to watch this series . I was hooked from the first time I saw the intro with the first rocket ships taking off , and knew it was a classic when the final episodes had me in tears . This one gets my highest recommendation .
 Planetes is one of the few anime series I 've watched lately that have really managed to impress me . When I first started watching I was shocked by the high animation quality . It was almost like watching a movie not a TV show ! And the way the background music and scenery come together was extremely beautiful to watch . Secondly , I was impressed by how the creators managed to make such a dull sounding storyline so interesting to watch . There is much excitement and danger to be found in the debris collector job and the creators have managed to successfully convey the importance of the task from the start . This is a highly enjoyable anime series for mature audiences who can sit back and enjoy a good story without magical creatures and robot transformations . One minor quibble I would have is the fact that some of the characters are too darn cliche . But other than that , Planetes looks to be shaping up to be one of the quality animes being released at this time .
 Fans of `` Hard '' Science Fiction tend to steer clear of Anime , due to the goofy giant robots and what not . If you are a fan of `` Hard '' Science Fiction , especially in a near-future setting , this series will really impress you.Also note , the interviews with NASA `` orbital debris specialists '' continues on volumes 2 and 3 -LRB- I have n't purchased volume 4 yet , so I ca n't comment -RRB- .
 As far as near-future or alternate future sci-fi goes , this story is by far the best . The music is great , the english dub is superb , the animation is clean and visully appealing . There are many details to space exploration found in the show to keep it plausible . If you are interested in the space programs , and anime , you will love this show .
 In 2075 , man dwells in space as well as on the Earth . Space debris has become a dangerous reality . Ai Tanabe is a young lady who has come to space to collect and dispose of this dangerous debris . She meets veteran debris collector , Hoshino . Together with their friends , they keep space travelers and residents safe . As time goes by , the 2 fall in love with each other . It 's harder to do a dangerous job with the one you love waiting and praying for your safety.This anime is really good . It has action , drama , comedy , Sci-fi/adventure , and a bit of romance . It 's pretty stacked . The animation and voice actors are good as well . I 'm really surprised that this anime is n't more well known . The 1 thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is the depth of the story . The story backgrounds the characters well , but there is a little too much wasted time on goofiness I think . If that time were used to develop the romance between Ai and Hoshino more , This series could have been incredible . This series does have a very satisfying ending though . Overall , this anime is a joy to watch . I highly recommend it to anime fans of any genre .
 OK , first I 'll admit to a strong bias . My day job is to limit orbital debris creation from NASA satellites , so any series that recognizes the importance of my daily struggle is an automatic win with me.That said , I think the show is interesting , and something I could see watching on Saturday mornings for fun . They 've included enough interpersonal relationship stuff to keep it interesting , but with the backdrop of nerdy space facts . I love to destroy these kinds of shows on technical inaccuracies , but I find that harder to do with this series . The writers seem to have made the effort to actually research their topic a little bit , and tried to stick to facts . There are a few inventions to fit the story lines , but for the most part they try to be reasonably accurate.The interviews in the bonus tracks are pretty good , and I use them in my classes on orbital debris .
 I 'm a pretty big hard sf fan , and for that reason alone , I love this series . I love the realistic orbital mechanics . That being said , I like the characters and relationships too .
 I 've tried several was of engendering in my grandsons with an interest in trains . Extreme Trains is my only success . A train nut might wish for a little more detail , but the high energy , passionate host and fast-moving script cover the track well and engage a wide audience . It 's good to have a modern , reality-style TV show that capitalizes on the fact Railroading is one of the very few industries in the US that is growing and hiring . The show -- and railroading -- is both interesting and exciting .
 My husband loves steam trains . This was a Christmas present for him . He has spent many enjoyable hours watching it .
 My grandson is a train fanatic at an early age . He 's getting a little old for Thomas and this video feeds his passion for trains while helping him learn . I truly wish this show had continued on television , but owning the video helps . I may have to buy another copy . This one may be worn out by overuse .
 The host is amazingly upbeat and enthusiastic -- he approaches every aspect of trains with a childlike enthusiasm and curiosity . it 's not highly technical , but educational for both young and old.I rented this video on Netflix , but enjoyed it so much I purchased this DVD set on Amazon ! It is a DVD that not only kids and adults find interesting and well worth viewing !!! -- Even if you are n't a railfan or that interested in trains , it is fun to watch someone really enthused about something !!!! --
 Very informative , especially if interesting in railroads . Found it very entertaining and fun to watch . My son learned something while being entertained . Would recommend it to anyone .
 I work for a Railroad and i enjoyed this series because of the different jobs it showed and it covered areas from the East Coast to the West Coast .
 Extreme Trains is a good show for people who want to know a little bit about railroading . Matt bown is a little hyper and awkward sometimes . There is lots of good information presented and interesting facts . If you have no intrest in trains this will put you to sleep . It would make a good Christmas present for younger kids and old people . Me personally I am a little bit of a train fan so I liked the show a good amount .
 This DVD was beyond my sons expectations . We both loved it . If season 2 of this series comes out , I 'm definitely getting it .
 I picked up this show because I wanted a change from Thomas the Tank Engine . I figured that even if my son did n't like it immediately , he 'd grow into it . Well , I bought it when he was not quite a year and a half old ; he 's now 3 and still watches the episodes regularly . I 've learned quite a bit about trains from the show myself ! The host has a very in-your-face style -- which I ca n't fault him for , as I 'm sure that 's how he was directed -- and I get a kick out of my son 's starry-eyed hero-worship
 My father and son totally bonded over this series . My son is 4 years old and often requests to watch one of these . Definitely for train lovers out there and appropriate for kids !
 We bought this dvd for our 4 year old son who loves trains . He has learned so much about the different trains from these dvds . I hope they add more to this series . I would recommend this dvd set to anyone who is interested in trains , from young rail fans to older rail fans .
 I 100 % recommend this DVD series ! The recipient of this gift , a 10 year old train enthusiast , is completely captivated with it .
 This is a terrific video set and it 's a shame there was only one season . My five-year old son is just like Matt , the series host . He loves trains . He also loves to watch the episodes in this set repeatedly . If you 're a train buff or have a little boy who is a train buff , this is a great series .
 My 4 yr old has many train videos and this is his favorite . The Dual DVD offers so many unique episodes about different types of trains . The host `` Mattt '' is so energetic and my entire family loves to watch Extreme Trains since you learn so much every time !
 My older son and my husband are addicted to this series . Hopefully there will be a second season . For those of you who are not familiar with this show ... It is a must for train lovers and kids will relate to the host and even want to meet him and hang out with him . I do n't care much for trains , but it was interesting -LRB- the first few times I sat through it -RRB- ! My son and husband have watched the episodes over and over and over again !
 Bought this for my 6 yr old who is currently obsessed with trains . Have watched it many , many times now ! Very interesting for adults also . Highly recommend this for any youngster who loves trains . I also recommend I Love Big Trains part 1 & 2 .
 A fine 2-DVD set offers armchair train buffs a virtual train ride , with series host Matt Brown , a rail conductor from Maine , injecting his passion into the experience . From the longest rail engine and train lines to specialty trains with special freight , this packs in history with an outstanding social survey perfect for any collection strong in rail history and culture .
 This is one of the best shows the History Channel has put on to date . I learn lots of new stuff about trains with every episode I watch & Matt Brown makes it easy for even non-train buffs to understand . I certainly have an even greater appreciation for the men & women who work behind the scenes getting the things we buy to stores near us -LRB- most likely including this DVD set -RRB- .
 I 'm a Brazilian train fan and I bought this DVD because Amazon said it was closed captioned ... but not . No english subtitles for my better understanding and international customers.Positives
 This was a good presentation although I had seen it on either the history or Discovery channel . For me the show piece was the the Steam portion that focused on one of the Steams engines still in operation , at a certain time of the year . The diesel engines are cleaner and more efficient , but Steam trains are more romantic !
 I 100 % recommend this DVD series from The History Channel and was completely captivated with it . Lots of information packed into these entertaining 45-min programs . Would make a perfect gift for the train enthusiast in your life .
 Very entertaining and interesting . I thoroughly enjoyes this DVD and recommend it to anyone who has an interest in trains . My friends who have watched it also agree with me .
 This was a really interesting and well done show . I had n't seen Extreme Trains prior to purchasing the DVD and I was n't disappointed . If you 're not a train nut you 'll still find it entertaining and informative and if you love trains you 'll love this series . Good stuff at a reasonable price !
 Absolutely loved the series when I saw it on TV . So decided to go ahead & buy one for myself ... Still love watching it every once in a while .
 Great video . My son cant get enough of this . Any child or adult who loves trains will enjoy this DVD ,
 This is a great DVD that shows how trains run , all the people it takes to make things happen , etc. . Yes , the host is a little overly enthusiastic/in your face , but this series is very informative/educational . I especially liked the comparison of today 's railroad operations with how the railroad routes were constructed . For example , the engineering and hard work it was to build the roadbeds for the trains over mountain passes even before many of the roads were built . Some of the routes followed rivers or covered wagon trails . This video series sure beats a lot of the programming coming to my TV . Each episode is about 45 minutes -LRB- 8 episodes in all -RRB- so you can plug this DVD in and watch something good while you 're waiting for your next favorite show to come on . Enjoy !
 The guy who does this show is a bit obnoxious at times but you do learn a lot of things on here I love trains to begin with so anyone who loves trains will love this dvd .
 Some might not like the host but I do n't mind him at all , I enjoy his enthusiasm . The episodes have lots of info and lots of great footage . Glad I made the purchase .
 This is a great value . Two DVDs , great videography , a view of railroading most of us never get to see . It 's also very educational about what goes into keeping the trains moving and about their contribution to making life in America better for everyone . I hope they produce a season 2 .
 If you love trains and are eager to learn how they operate in the United States . Then this is the video for you .
 It 's really cool seeing what they choose and some new rides I would like to ride . But there really is n't very many `` terror '' rides if you like coasters .
 `` We '' are watching this series as it comes on TV now and have seen all the episodes to date -LRB- not in order -RRB-
 I stumbled upon this series while looking for train shows for my 6 year old son ... he loves the show so much we have almost every show to date and will definitely buy this dvd . He has even begun to say `` Hello , my name is Kieran and ever since I was little I have loved trains . `` I have to agree Matt is awesome ... he is grown kid playing with real life trains ... I learned so much about trains and the history about them that I ca n't wait til next season ... Trains rule at our house ! We are train hunters ... no matter where trains are we will find them .
 This documentary about massive trains and their destinations has been one of the most interesting series on the TV since Tony Robinson 's Worst Jobs in History . Matt Brown is a train man
 This two disk set shows a lot of different trains and train operations . But it sometimes seemed this series is more about the host than the topic . His face fills the screen constantly , with quick cuts to different train operations . I saw a lot of quick glimpses into how things are done , but would have really enjoyed longer , more detailed shots of the hardware and shorter shots of the host . One thing for sure , I know what the host looks like while riding and working around trains . I 'm certainly no expert , but I did hear one bit of information about train line brakes that was backwards -LRB- applying air to the train brake line applies the brakes , which it does n't -RRB- . Later on in another segment the host seems to get the correct script and mentions the actual way train brakes work . There 's some interesting shots in a major locomotive repair facility , and in the railroad control center . Just be ready to see the technical stuff once the host moves his face out of the way . Did we get to see how a locomotive is started ? No . Why they are rarely shut down ? No . Close-up shots of the instrument panel , especially the ones with computer screens ? No . All in all it 's enjoyable and worth the price . But the camera crew was RIGHT THERE ! They could have captured so much more , but missed it . If you 're not interested in the technical stuff , than you 'll probably be 100 % satisfied . Otherwise , get ready to join the host close up and ride the rails -LRB- while looking over his shoulder -RRB- .
 This DVD is very well done and very informative . The host , Matt Bown , has been described as being overly enthusiastic and too simple . The producers realized that the audience 's railroad education could range from knowing nothing to all knowing . I am the 3rd generation out of 4 in my family that has worked on a railroad . Though I am no longer working for a railroad I am still a locomotive engineer . If you want to learn about how the railroads built this country and how it continues to serve our country and the world and not be put to sleep by many of the train DVD 's out there , this is the DVD set for you . Whatever the cost , it 's worth it . There are 105 combined years of railroading in my family and still going . I own this and love it . Thank you History Channel and Matt Bown !!
 My son and I watched this over and over again when it was playing on TV -- and yes I do have it on order.This is a nice set of DVDs on trains for the common person . Some people comment that Matt Brown appears obnoxious ... I think his enthusiasm shows through.Many other train shows only depict old , grainy outdoor images of trains going past on the screen . What I liked about this show was that it took the viewer behind the scenes , and put the trains in context of something bigger . And they have a good selection , including `` steamies '' and the Acela express that travels from Washington DC to Boston . There 's even a circus train.If you or your kid like trains , this is a great buy . If you 're a very serious train enthusiast looking for detailed specifics of locomotive make and model , this show is probably not for you .
 An avid fan of trans , and model railroading , I love this show . It 's the favorite show of my 4 year old who watches an episode at least daily , and knows more about the operations of railroads than most adults because of this show.The camera work is well done , and captures the hard steel and movement of a train . Matt Bown is a great host who adds excitement and his love of trains with the audience , giving great descriptions of the technical aspects of railroading . You 'll walk away from the show with a greater understanding of trains and a deeper love for them as well.The extras are nice , as there are some scenes from nearly every episode that never aired . I would liked to have seen some audio commentary though .
 Be forewarned , the show 's uniquely zealous host might get on your nerves or excite you , depending on your nature . It 's a diverse , interesting series . Personally , I really enjoyed it . There 's nothing quite like it on the railfan scsne . The sound and photography is very good . The information provided is just about right . For the price , I recommend it .
 Not only does my 31/2 yr . old son LOVE this video , my husband and I do as well . Full of information and history that I never knew about trains . It covers more than just diesel and steam engines . The different jobs trains do are reviewed . You can tell that the host , Matt Bown , really enjoys his job , he 's lots of fun to watch . High energy !
 This film is a beauty . The directing and acting A-1 . Brando in particular showing what he was capable of acheiving when he really tried . Watching Brando , one can only say `` WOW ! '' . Schneider is n't too bad herself and is quite a beauty.There are a few loose ends that never seem to get tied up and it 's puzzling how it can be late at night inside a building but when they run outside , it 's broad daylight . There are some exquisit scenes involving Brando and a few scenes tend to drag on a bit , but overall , this film is a must-see for any fan of great acting .
 If you enjoy movies that make you uneasy yet you keep watching because of a voyeueristic mix of repulsion and fascination , then look no further -- here 's the one you 've been looking for.Brando was considered a legend , and this movie is proof ; `` acting '' is too small a word to describe the performance he gave here.Pain . Confusion . Lust . Grasping at redemption as it slithers through your fingers -- it 's all right here , folks.This movie is a carousel of torment . There 's an anonymous person riding next to you , and both of you have to laugh at it all , just to keep from crying .
 It 's hard to believe that , in its prime , this was considered maybe the greatest picture ever made . It was n't and it is n't . And yet , Barbieri 's score and Storaro 's cinematography are still a delight to both ear and eye -LRB- although you can see the camera 's reflection on a window pane at the last scene ! -RRB- . Regarding sex , there 's not much to be said . In fact , there was a lot said and little to be seen . Brando gives `` the performance of a lifetime '' , which in his case , after seeing `` Superman '' , is probably true . Maria Schneider is so , so ; Jean Pierre La&uacute;d is execrable and M&aacute;ssimo Girotti all but steals the show as Brando 's funny-you-should-ask rival . All in all , much ado about ... butter !
 It presented well , played well and my girlfriends loved it for her collection . Thanks Six more words required , what else can one say !
 I sent this movie to my mother , and she Loved It ... She watched it 5 times since receiving it .
 This film was made the year after ` The Godfather '' . It is an excellent study in love , anger and the damage caused by abusive relationships . It was not at all what I was lead to believe over the years . Brando runs the gamet of emotions and the supporting players acted superbly . The most interesting is Rosa , who though deceased at the beginning of the film , is the hub and reason for all the action . Again an excellant film .
 My girlfriend of seven years died of cystic Fibrosis after thirtyyears of gratitude . I saw this movie about a year later and the scene in this movie when he is talking to his dead wife brought me to such an emotional break-through that I swear I witnessed one of the most personal moments in mine and Marlon Brando 's life . We are all trying to define our purpose . Sadly , as with most of us , by the time Marlon 's character finds his purpose ...
 I have seen just about every single performance Marlon Brando has given on the silver screen . This is my favorite . I have heard all the critics talk about Brando 's signiture rolls namely as Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire , Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront , and Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather as his top performances . Of coarse they are all amaming , I own all three films and have watched them many times , but somehow Last Tango gets left out . Not all the time but most of it . In Paul , under Berolucci 's direction , I think Brando created his most amazing and difficult performance . Most people would n't agree , but people who have really studied the actor as I have might . This movie is not so much about the characters in it or the simple plot that it follows , it is about Brando himself . Perhaps no other actor in history has fascinated people with his amazing talent only to have to watch him throw it away on low bugget films and cameo performances for big bucks . ! I believe this is Brando 's greatest performance because it is Brando . Watch him , listen to him , Paul is Brando . I think the defining moment for me was when he says to Maria Schnieder `` I been called by a thousand names , I would be better off being call by a grunt or a groan . '' Likewise at the end of the film after he has been shot Schneider says `` he was a stranger , I did n't even know his name . '' To me this is how the world perceives Brando himself . What do we really know about him ? Everything or nothing . Brando to the public is like Paul to Schneider 's character , he is an enigma . And he will stay that way . Brando has given some of the finest performances ever printed on film , but they were performances all the same . In Last Tango in Paris Brando stripped the method act and gave us the man . It is truely an amazing thing to see . After this film Brando did not perform for three years , and when he did start acting again it was only for the pay . I think this is because in Last Tango B!rando layed it all out and that was it for him .
 Marlon gives an amazing performance that I strongly recommend to anyone in the acting craft . But I do warn
 you &#34; re fired , your fired I I Og wer adgf faerb asdb -LSB- okn dswlelkb dlf twd . I oo peradts sdg sodmr . Bye .
 Absolutely superb acting by Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider , a wonderful actors ' movie ... the subtleties carry very well leaving the viewer spellbound .
 great ! great ! great ! Thanks for the shipment , in great shape Much appreciated . In great condition!All my best , thanksCharles
 Arrived late so that was a bad start but the movie is a great performance by Brando , If the price was less it would have been better . Brando fans must add to your collection .
 This is a great movie and a visually stunning one -- so it 's worth having in a Blu-ray edition . The sexual content is not as shocking as it was when the film was first released , but it 's still an emotionally powerful and unnerving work .
 Marlon Brando 's recent death affected me deeply . He has always been one of my favorite actors and I truly admire him for his extraordinary talent . During the last few weeks I have rented many of Brando 's films and am still amazed , after all these years , at the force of his acting in `` Last Tango In Paris . '' I believe that some of his best work was done in this film.Paul , -LRB- Brando -RRB- , an aging American expatriate in Paris , comes home to discover that his marriage has ended . His French wife , Rosa , had slit her veins , leaving bloody bath water and spattered walls behind . She did n't leave much else - no good-bye note or explanation for her husband , parents or lover , a guest in the fleabag hotel she owned and managed . She did bequeath the hotel , and it 's seedy occupants , to Paul . Overwhelmed with grief , Paul walks the streets and finds himself looking at an apartment for rent . He finds Jeanne , -LRB- Maria Schneider -RRB- , a girl-woman , barely out of her teens , looking at the same apartment . She is to be married in a few weeks to her bourgeois , filmmaker fiancee . Paul and Jeanne circle each other warily in the empty flat , each contemplating the rental , -LRB- and each other -RRB- , and wondering who will take it . Suddenly , they grab each other and have hard , fast sex against the apartment wall . Thus begins a most bizarre relationship.Paul makes the rules . Jeanne must follow them or she will not see him again . Their purely carnal relationship must remain anonymous , emotionless , and exist only within the walls of the apartment , which Paul rents for this purpose . There are to be no sexual taboos between them . He does not want to know her name or anything about her and refuses to give her any information about himself . They are not to see each other outside the apartment confines , nor even leave together . It seems as if Paul wants to bury his pain , his sense of betrayal and hurt in the mindless , sometimes brutal , act of sex . Director Bernardo Bertolucci 's camera perfectly captures the impersonal nature of their coupling . The shots are blunt , without sensuality or eroticism , but an enormous sexual energy is captured . I think Jeanne is fascinated by the mystery that is Paul . She is bored , perhaps , and looking for something , maybe excitement . She is certainly intrigued by Paul 's dominant role , and seems to enjoy playing the passive partner most of the time . She is clearly not happy with her boyfriend , who relates to her as the object of his latest film . He talks at her , not to her . And he does not listen . However , I do not see Jeanne as merely an object here , as do some others . The film focuses on Paul , not Jeanne.It is unfortunate that Ms. Schneider 's career fizzled after this movie . She is excellent as Jeanne and perfectly captures her character 's capriciousness , playfulness , bewilderment , vulnerability , anger , frustration , seductiveness and curiosity . Brando is simply superb . There are times , when he and Jeanne are together , that it appears as if he is extemporizing . He acts as if there is no camera filming him - as if he is not acting at all . There is one scene , where he is alone with his wife 's body - she is layed-out in a coffin . Brando begins to speak to her and just loses it . His remarkable outpouring of guilt and grief is probably the best acting I have ever seen.Towards the end of the film there is a surreal ballroom scene where couples are dancing the tango . It is both haunting and memorable . The end is a bit of a letdown , but in a Brandoesque moment the actor comes to the rescue.Bertolucci was very effected by the work of painter Frances Bacon , considered to be one of the best artists of the 20th century . He chose Brando after seeing a Bacon painting `` of a man in great despair who had the air of total disillusionment . '' The `` Last Tango In Paris , '' defined as `` the most controversial film of an era , '' brought Bertolucci to international attention . It was nominated for two Academy Awards . Vittorio Storaro 's cinematography adds to the cold , remote ambiance . His camera pans the colorless apartment and makes the viewing experience as impersonal as the couple 's relationship.This is obviously not a film for everyone . It has been called obscene , and worse . However , there are many , like myself , who think it is a great film . For fans of Marlon Brando , it does n't get better than this . Bravo!JANA
 If there is anyone out there that wonders why Marlon Brando hasbeen called the greatest film actor of all time , one need only tosee this film to get their answer . Although it is somewhat dated and certainly not for everyone , Last Tango in Paris is a truemasterpiece of filmmaking.Tame by today 's standards , it is easy to see why 1972 audiences were shocked by its brutal frankness and full frontal nudity . It is a film about isolation , betrayal and confrontingone 's own insecurities.I found the beginning most difficult to believe - middle aged man begins an affair with a beautiful young woman after having mether only moments before in an empty apartment . And then theycontinue to meet for sex even though he insists that they revealnothing about themselves beyond the physical act of sex!Once past this impossible beginning , we begin to learn more aboutthe characters - he is a lonely widower , she is engaged to a youngfilm student . She eventually accepts the fact that their relationship is nothing more than sexual.Maria Schneider is very good in her role as the French girl and she seems completely comfortable with the graphic nude scenes she is in . But it is Brando who commands our complete attention . He dominates every scene and while Schneider spends a great deal of time being naked , he does not yet it is still his character that facinates us.The film gets bogged down in some areas and many viewers may become bored with the scenes that involve some of the supporting characters . But , and trust me on this , DO NOT miss the scene inwhich Brando visits the body of his dead wife . It is not a long scene but it alone is worth the price one will pay for seeing this film - be it in cash and/or time . It is a scene that all students of film and acting should be required to see . Once you have seen it I am sure you will agree - acting does not get any better than this .
 People who are going to buy this film for erotic content are going to be disappointed . Brando and Schneider are going at each other like two wounded animals passing the time and yelling their hurt at one another . It is mostly Paul who takes the active part , but Jeanne is taking the reality of his lashings as a welcome return to bleak reality from the artificiality of her own personal life and in particular her fiance.When others complain that outside of the scenes circling Brando the story gets thin , I think they miss the intention of the film . It is this stark naked reality of Brando which drives Jeanne into Paul 's arms again and again.And which culminates in the climax when Paul falls back from essential cruelty , domination and _ life _ into superficiality like everything else.I ca n't fathom why you 'd be wanting to watch this with a romantic interest over a bottle of champagne as somebody else suggested.The film is deeply unsettling unless you are bereft of any sensibility , and then you probably would not want to let your romantic interest to know.I do n't think that there is any film into which Brando invested more personal energy and life force than this one .
 I 'm giving this film five stars but I know I could n't recommend it to everyone I know -LRB- especially from the reactions of friends I did encourage to see it ! -RRB- . I found it erotic , unique , personal , and powerful when I saw it in college
 The reputation of Bernardo Bertolucci 's LAST TANGO IN PARIS precedes it . Film critic Pauline Kael famously proclaimed it to be `` the most powerfully erotic movie ever made '' , while the NC-17 rating and a few sour reviews led some to believe that the film was nothing more than high-class pornography . This is one of the greatest tragedies in film history , because , you see , LAST TANGO IN PARIS is one of the very finest films ever made.True , the film does have four or five scenes of sexuality , some of it a little intense , but nowadays it seems rather tame . The NC-17 rating is silly . Were the film released today , I believe it would grab an R. My point is that , contrary to what reviewers , the MPAA , and even the plotline may tell you , this film is not about sex.Marlon Brando plays a 45-year-old American living in Paris . His wife recently committed suicide . At the start of the film , Brando goes for a walk through Paris to escape from the confines of his blood-splattered apartment . He happens to be walking the same path as Jeanne -LRB- Maria Schneider -RRB- , a young Parisian dating a filmmaker . The two unknowingly follow each other , as though commanded by fate , to an apartment building , where an apartment has recently been put up for sale . Jeanne , overjoyed , looks the apartment over - only to find Brando sitting in the corner silently . Their brief encounter ends with the strangers having passionate sex against the wall , beginning a relationship that will have an extraodinary effect on each of their lives . The two strangers decide that they will meet regularly at the apartment , but that their relationship will be based strictly on sex . Brando emphasizes that there will be no names mentioned in their time together ; the outside world will simply cease to exist.Brando 's character , it turns out , is named Paul . Paul resembles a somewhat kinder Stanley Kowalski from A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE . Whether due to his wife 's suicide or simply his nature , Paul acts a little eccentricly . He is usually in a good and playful mood around Jeanne , even when - especially when - Jeanne is not . He always manages to cheer her up . However , outside of their apartment , Paul is often angry , clearly on the edge , torn apart inside by his wife 's death . I do not exaggerate when I say that no one but Marlon Brando could play this character . Brando puts equal emphasis on both sides of the character , and in typical Brando fashion he BECOMES the character . I would say that , without a doubt , this is one of the very finest - if not THE finest performance - of Brando 's entire career.Schneider deserves a lot of credit as well . She does a marvelous job of bringing out the confusion and youthful innocence in the character of Jeanne . Ultimately , we sympathize as much with her - perhaps more so - than we do with Brando 's character . Schneider also has some wonderful on-screen chemistry with Brando.Remember when I said that LAST TANGO IN PARIS is not about sex ? Well , what it is really about is life and relationships . Through her sexual encounters with Paul , Jeanne becomes closer to him than she does to her own fiance . Paul learns many surprising facts about his wife after her suicide . In what is possibly the film 's most moving scene , Paul talks to his wife 's body . `` Even if a husband lives 200 f ----- g years , he 'll never discover his wife 's true nature , '' he says . `` I may be able to understand the secrets of the universe , but ... I 'll never understand the truth about you . `` I feel that Bernardo Bertolucci , who directed and co-wrote the film with Franco Arcalli , has not received the credit that he deserves . His directing , in particular , is extraodinary . He gets the greatest performances possible from his cast . He knows the perfect angles to shoot the scenes at , which results in some wonderful cinematography from Vittorio Storaro . There are times when LAST TANGO IN PARIS seems like a very cold film , but through every moment it is bursting with life and vitality.Much of the film 's vigor comes from Gato Barbieri 's magnificent music . It 's an utterly beautiful score led by dazzling saxophone solos performed by Barbieri himself . It is entirely without flaw . Barbieri 's score is undoubtedly one of the greatest in movie history.My purpose in this review has been to convince you that LAST TANGO IN PARIS is not what it seems . It is such a great pity that the film has become only a minor classic , its reputation made foul by the controversy which emerged after the film 's release in 1972 . The truth is that LAST TANGO IN PARIS is the reason cinema was invented . It is true art , and in my humble opinion one of the very finest films ever made . Viewing it is a profoundly emotional experience . All I can say to you is to ignore everything you 've heard about the film , and to simply watch it . From the opening to the shocking conclusion , LAST TANGO IN PARIS is a true cinematic masterpiece .
 I first saw this film in a college cinema class . After we watched it , a long discussion ensued , led largely by the feminist-minded females -LRB- and males , for that matter -RRB- , about the number of scenes where Brando was shirtless vs. the number of times Maria Schneider was -LRB- mercifully , Brandon kept his Haines on at all times -RRB- . We talked about how this is a `` male-eyed '' film , about how Schneider 's character is never as fully developed , etc. , etc. -LRB- Frankly , I think a character who can utter the lines `` You treat me like a woahr , '' is pretty well-developed . -RRB- Almost 20 years later , I realize there 's no way a class of 20-somethings could have appreciated what we were seeing , and thus the true greatness of the film eluded young , high-minded college students more interested in Maria 's nipples than in Brando 's angst . For not once did any of us talk about the shattering scene where Brando confronts his dead wife . If there 's anything from Last Tango In Paris I took with me , it 's that , and the amazing acting therein . I really do n't care about Schneider 's boobs , which honestly are n't all that great anyhow.What makes this film great for me is the structure of an old -LRB- er -RRB- , beaten down cynical man going through grief , who bumps into a young , fresh woman who does n't really know who she is or why she wants what she wants . Schneider has said that Bertolucci kept her in the dark during much of the filming . One hopes it was to evoke this pure , almost wide-eyed performance from her and not out of any disrespect or cruelty , although Schneider late said she 'd never work with him again . Her performance here is effortless . More importantly , there 's a chemistry between her and Brando that works . It may seem strange to talk about chemistry in a movie where the male lead rapes and bullies the female lead , but it 's there . Watch the scene in the bathroom , where he 's shaving , and marvel at the spontaneous-sounding dialogue and the feeling that a real relationship is there.Brando is perfect for his role . The story unfolds slowly -LRB- they 'd never make a film with this kind of pacing today -RRB- , and Brando becomes at least somewhat more sympathetic -LRB- and complex -RRB- as it goes on . This is n't brute Brando but rather complex , deeply wounded Brando who brings out the brute in him only to keep the world at bay . After his catharsis he shows another side of himself , probably a more typical side , to Schneider and she just ca n't cope -- it 's hard for me to tell , even after repeated viewings , if it 's because she 's getting married to someone else -LRB- how happy she 'll be remains in serious doubt to me -RRB- , because she 's afraid of a three-dimensional Brando who really seems now to want her for more than casual sex , or what . In some ways the ending was arbitrary , but it still struck me as more plausible and organic than similar sudden endings in The Night Porter and The Marriage of Maria Braun.Throughout , Bertolucci shoots most of the interior scenes between Schneider and Brando at sunset . Bathed in orange , they have a stillness and yet an intensity the other scenes lack . It seems orange is the color Bertolucci set aside for deep revelations and realizations . The film is distrubing , but somehow also cathartic . The feeling of wanting to say `` F -- the world '' is one many of us can relate to , something Brando himself did many times in his career.The print is scratched and the soundtrack somewhat tinny . There are numerous times where dirt or fuzz in the gate can be seen on the top or bottom edge of the frame for whole scenes . This is a film that cries out for a full-blown restoration . The DVD contains nothing else but the trailer , and a strange trailer it is . You 'd think a DVD of a movie this famous would feature commentaries , documentaries , where-they-are-now type of featurettes , etc. . This classic has been short-changed . But * do * many people today see Last Tango In Paris as a classic ? This is somehthing I wondered as I read reviews online after seeing the DVD . Heralded as a masterpiece and a turning point in cinema when it was released , it is now clear that it was anything but . Rather than continue with personal films that sometimes disturbed the psyche and questioned the soul of the moviegoer , Hollywood and then other filmmakers turned to empty spectacle as the 70s waned , trading boobs for lightsabers . Last Tango was hailed in 1972 as a beginning of a new cinema , but it was also the end of it . With a few exceptions -LRB- The Unbearable Lightness of Being comes quickest to mind -RRB- this sort of film would never be made again , and Last Tango has become in some ways anachronistic . Just reading the online reviews , most of them probably written by people in their 20s for whom Terminator 2 is an ancient movie , it becomes clear that we do n't really understand this sort of picture anymore , and are made uncomfortable by it . There 's no simple line of action . There 's no `` plot . '' There are long stretches with no dialogue , or at least where the characters do n't tell you in dialogue what they are doing . As television and movies have merged in style , technique and subject matter , Last Tango and other films from the period become more like museum relics than living , breathing cinema.Perhaps that 's one reason why we have n't seen a restoration . Unless Criterion gets its hands on this film , I do n't have much hopes . Too bad , because Last Tango represents a whole type of filmmaking that 's largely unknown today , even to film `` students , '' and if it is known it 's becoming more of a curiosity than , as I said , living , breathing cinema . All the more reason to rent this , then , and witness a whole approach to movie-making that no longer exists -- certainly not in the USA .
 It 's been said , by a reviewer whose name escapes me at the moment , that this is the last film where Marlon Brando looked good . Truth is , it 's also probably the last film where Brando demonstrated why he was considered one of America 's best actors . It 's most definitely a flawed film . The scenes where Brando does not appear are pretentious and fairly boring . I tend to agree with the assessment of Ingmar Bergman , who opined that the storyline of this film actually would have made more sense if the 2 main characters had been played as gay men . Perhaps . Maria Schneider is very sexy , but she 's just not a really good actress . And yet , when Brando is on screen , he 's absolutely dynamic , enthralling , electric . Never before , and probably never again , will you witness a performance so raw , so unadorned , so revealing . Forget the sexual scenes that earned the film its notoriety . Check out Brando 's soliloquy beside his suicidal wife 's coffin . Or his ironic blend of tenderness and misogyny in his scenes with Schneider . Or when he weeps for ... what ? the impossibility of his romance with Schneider ? His lost , blighted past ? Or his silent , agonized finale when he sees for the final time the magnificent skyline of Paris . It 's easy to become jaded by the films of today , watching as modern Hollywood 's so-called stars perfunctorily perform their bland roles by rote , gearing their performances to the lowest common denominator possible . Watching Brando in his blistering and towering performance here reminds one of why acting can be considered an awe-inspring art form and why it was that I used to love going to the movies .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time about a billion yrs ago and thinking , ` So THIS is what being a superb actor is all about . ' Brando , playing an expat in Paris who is in despair over his wife 's very recent suicide , never once seems to be acting , never seems aware of camera or audience , never seems to consider how others will view him or his role or this movie . Unbelievable.The film was shocking when it was first made in 1973 , especially for the graphic and -LRB- at that time -RRB- ` unusual ' sexual scenes - and it still makes viewers squirm a bit , but his odd and almost voiceless relationship with Maria Schneider is not self-serving on either end . It 's dispassionate and anonymous sex , meant as a Band-Aid on a wound too painful to be dealt with in any other way.Super , super , super .
 One of the first best films to help America crawl out of a semi-permissive society .
 This , bar Apocalypse Now , is our last record of Marlon Brando 's precious talent . The film delves deep into his mind , his life , his experiences , his technique . What strikes you about the splendour of his performance is the small intricacies of his performance
 I wanted for a long time to see this movie and I was n't dissapointed . Interesting subject , great cinema .
 Last Tango in Paris must , be considered , the ` FlagShip Movie'in its genre of Arthouse & international . Marlin Brando takes thelead part , and the command he exhibits over this difficult role , in conveying the depth , and complexity of his character in the film , -LRB- Paul -RRB- , together with the empathy that must be required to fully portray , and give life to , the isolation , and at times despair , with which his character is consumed ; allows us , as an audience , to become almost completely immersed , in the poignancy that is so much a part of this film.To many , Last Tango in Paris , has become thought of as a classic , unsurpassed in its ability to move its audience . The plot centres almost exclusively , around the development , and inevitable break , in the relationship between Paul , an estranged , American Ex-Serviceman , living abroad in France , and his Much younger Parisian lover , played by Maria Schneider.There are very few other characters in this film , and although the overall atmosphere is quite surreal ; the detail , and paradoxically , the realism , that this allows , puts the films Direction , in a class of its own ; briliant in its individuality.This is a must for anybody who takes Film seriously , and indeed , all those who enjoy Cinema , at its absolute best .
 The movie is good , as I thought it would be , but the entire movie is in French , so be prepared to read subtitles . It took me several tries to watch it all the way through . My fault ; I should have known .
 I asked my dad where babies came from and he gave me this video . It was cool . I learned a lot.It taught me a lot about life , especially about relationships . I learned what women are good for , and how I am supposed to treat them as a man . I learned about geography too - why everybody likes Paris so much.Last but not least , I also learned a new use for butter . -LRB- NOTE
 In this movie we see Malon Brando as an ageing oversexed man who embarks on a liason with a young woman played by Maria Schieder . That is about the whole plot and storyline for this movie . In this film Mr. Brando finds a very inventive use for butter which does not involve making a sandwich . He is once said to have remarked that `` acting is a bum 's life '' so if you want to see a bum at work I suggest you watch this movie . I give this film 5 stars because Maria Schnieder thankfully went into movie obscurity after making his film .
 Ohmijesus , arriviste in Paris lets go of one branch to grab onto what she thinks is an established man of importance . Brando who raped faerie queen Vivien Leigh in A Streetcar Named Desire has his bereaved , many-varied way with badly cloaked Toxic Ambition . This is why men break up over the telephone or via email or better yet just VANISH . This is a precursor to Fatal Attraction . I think this movie is supposed to be annoying , off-putting and unattractive . His dead wife is the daughter of a French Resistence member . Could this be important to the movie ?
 Intense and honest . Everything in this film is symbolic , the filmaking is first rate . Their anonymous and nihilistic sexual relationship reflected their inner torment . They let their unguarded selves show with each other because of the anonymity and therefore the ability to `` be themselves '' , totally and completely without facade . In that respect , they were not exploiting each other for sex ... they were being more open with each other than most `` normal '' relationships allowed . Next to Streetcar Named Desire and The Godfather , Brando gives what I consider one of the best performances of his entire acting career .
 What can one say about such a powerful story ? Is it about love ? Is it about irony ? Is it about lust ? Is it about loss ? What is it all about ? That , in my view , is the beautey of this film
 A good , but slow performance by Brando . The girl should be in future films . Mature Only .
 It opens with two canvasses by Francis Bacon which set the meditative mood for the entire length of the film . How can you expect a modern American audience to appreciate a classic like this ? It 's about the deep themes in life , love , loss , death and sexuality . It 's a slow film . There are no big explosions or high tech weaponry .
 When I saw this film it was when it first came out . I thought it was a metaphor or allegory for the American experience in and just after Viet Nam.Not something you want to watch when you 're alone and tired . Good for couples if they 're in the right mood .
 Let me fist say this ; if this film has offended you or left you thinking it nothing more than a pointless perversion then you 've clearly missed this entire point and have misunderstood this films purpose.I felt that was important because I 've seen this film get unfairly targeted by some who refuse to truly embrace it for what it is . Yes , there was a lot of controversy that surrounded it upon its release ; and that NC-17 rating does n't help matters , immediately drawing the viewer to the obvious reasons for its harsh rating ; but underneath the layers of sensuality lies a very poignant portrayal of a mans guilt and grief and how he chooses to free himself of it . If you strip away the gratuitous love scenes you will begin to see into the deep pools of Marlon Brando 's phenomenal performance and begin to understand why this film had to be made the way that it was . ` Ultimo Tango a Parigi ' follows Paul , a widower , shortly after his wife 's suicide . Still grieving and obviously searching to separate himself from the whole situation , Paul looks into renting himself an apartment . It just so happens that young Jeanne is also there looking herself to rent the apartment . In a spontaneous and completely anonymous moment of passion the two fall into one another and form a curious relationship that serves as a way out for Paul , a way for him to remove himself from all that is crashing in around him.Paul sets ground rules for the continuance of their relationship ; first and foremost being that there is to be no names exchanged . Writer/director Bernardo Bertolucci mentioned that the idea for this film stemmed from his fantasy of making love to woman without ever knowing her name ; but what he created with ` Ultimo Tango a Parigi ' is a film that fully explores why that fantasy happens to be one every man desires . He exposed the draw to such an encounter , allowing the audience to understand why a relationship with absolutely no strings is desirable yet disastrous.The one facet of this film that ultimately elevates it is the acting , all of which leaves me speechless . Maria Schneider is marvelous as Jeanne ; truly crawling inside of her and delivering a heartbreaking performance . We are able to understand two sides of this tryst by comparing how Jeanne reacts versus Paul . Schneider gives Jeanne enough humanity to create an honest portrayal of a woman confused and guilty for her own love and affection . She wants to give herself fully to Paul but he refuses to accept her . She is being pursued by her longtime boyfriend Tom yet she ca n't bring herself to be happy about it . As the film spirals to its close we see the layers of this beautiful soul strip away to reveal a woman scorned by the seemingly selfish actions of a man.And yet still ... The term ` tour-de-force ' was created for performances like Brando 's . His portrayal of Paul is seriously why the concept of ` awards for acting ' was though up . One of the greatest compliments any actor can receive is that of being compared to Marlon Brando . Why do you think his name is so rarely used when describing another actor 's work ? Marlon Brando was incomparable . What strikes me so hard about this particular performance is that it is fearless , and honestly there are so few fearless performances these days that when one like this comes along you are forced to take notice . The performance is n't fearless because of the taboos his character is forced into , nor because of the dialog he is asked to say but because of the sheer dedication and veracity in which he attacks this role head on , delivering each word and confronting each taboo in a way that no other actor would dare . Paul ultimately because a beautifully fleshed out variation of our own male psyche -LRB- or if you happen to be female then the psyche of your male counterpart -RRB- . His grief upon the sudden and abrupt loss of his wife is written all over his face yet effectively masked by his pursuit of young Jeanne and his complete and total domination of her . One scene in particular , where he asks her to violate him , is truly breathtaking -LRB- and precisely the reason why I call his performance ` fearless ' -RRB- for it allows us , in a not so pretty fashion , to see all that his wife 's suicide has reduced him to . ` Ultimo Tango a Parigi ' is a marvelous film , a masterpiece at that , and rests firmly at the top of my list of greatest films ever made . This is a film that is often misunderstood , true , but it is a film that is vitally important for it helps us to see the truth behind our own facades and confront the deeper meanings to the actions we so boldly take .
 This is a complex , slow , mesmerizing film . Brando gives on of his best performances -LRB- see also Streetcar Named Desire , On the Waterfront , The Godfather and Apocalypse Now -RRB- . Without Brando this film would have been utterly boring . It 's the kind of film you have to watch a few times in order to make sense of everything . The film just starts and you have to put the pieces together -- and character motivation is rather difficult to figure out . In fact , although this film is a good film , it 's confusing as to why the characters do what they do . If you love Brando and Bertolucci , I 'd recommend seeing this film . If you want to learn technique and style of acting -- this is a very good film . I do n't think we 'll see another actor like Brando who gives memorable performances such as he does in this film .
 Aside from the infamous `` butter '' and the `` pig f *** '' scene -- which are disturbing and ca n't bring myself to watch ! -- I was n't exactly too shocked at this movie at all . Now that sex/porn is pretty much in the open , you ca n't be . I love Marlon Brando , and as usual , his performance was an emotionally intense one . I did n't realize how comical and hilarious Mr. Brando was until watching this movie . Despite the gloom , and dark -LRB- or orange tone ! -RRB- of the film , I managed a chuckle and a good laugh from his dialogue ... I wish Maria Schneider 's character was more developed in this film . It just seems `` Paul '' and her geeky boyfriend -LRB- and Bertolucci -RRB- used her as nothing but an object . I wanted to know more about her character and what the deal was with her deceased father and whether Paul putting on her father 's uniform hat triggered some sort of rage within . Did he sexually abuse her ? Was their relationship incestuous ? Other questions plagued me . Was Paul his wife 's murderer or the lover ? There was just way too much blood splatter for it to have been suicide . Was his wife a former prostitute ? The end sickened me because you want -LRB- I wanted -RRB- `` Jeanne '' and `` Paul '' to fall in love and live happily ever after ... but in this demented , even morbid Bertolucci flick that was n't gon na happen!I was teary at the end because it was just so confusing and tragic ... this poor man -- despite his actions -- finds love , refuge , and happiness and they 're all literally shot down .
 I saw this movie not long after it was released , I was stationed at Hamilton Air Force Base , close to San Francisco.I was fresh from Vietnam and 21 years old.Brando 's brillant performance was considered scandalous at the time.In 1973 , I found Bertolucci 's vision of middle age a bit over-the-top . I could not connect to Paul , or Brando as Paul.I did connect to the look and colors of the film ... Now , at the age of 56 I can better understand the simple , hard , truth that lies within this film.Director Bertolucci , uses `` Last Tango `` to use Brando as a messenger for the despondent , depressed , and greiving throngs of humans , who realize they have less time than more to satisfy this short life.Brando uses the camera , the camera uses Brando , he looks washed out , emotioned out , all broke up , a broken man waiting for an end to his shoddy , dirty little life.Bertolucci and Brando , leads us through the suicidal streets of Paris , where vintage apartment buildings stand drab against the gray sky and hold apartments that hold renters divorced from life , aliens , hiding and listening behind the massive oak doors , as death stalks the halls , sometimes he carries a straight razor , -LRB- Do n't stop cutting until you feel the blood running -RRB- . Bertolucci shows us , the viewers , ourselves , post youth , middle aged , as we realize another can not find the happiness you so crave , you must find happiness within yourself , the rest is easy , then Paris will become , as ever , the city of light ...
 It was , in short , a film about sex and the way that human beings use sex as a refuge , a release , and a weapon ... The frank dialog , the nudity , and the simulated sex were not gratuitously employed but were integral to the theme of the film , and if the picture was not totally successful , it was certainly unforgettable ... Marlon Brando appears as a middle-aged American -- but not the kind of American in Paris glorified by either George Gershwin or Ernest Hemingway ... This is a man tormented by inner conflict ... Brando 's Paul between self-hatred over his wife 's suicide and his feelings for Maria Schneider 's Jeanne , she between her adoring documentary filmmaker fianc&eacute; -LRB- based wittily on Godard -RRB- and the taboo-breaking Paul ... The stark , empty flat that is the lovers ' retreat from conventional society , and the cold , windy pavement where Paul screams his loathing for the world against the din of a passing train -- connects us with the mood of the film ... Eager to escape the oppressive walls of his dark life , Paul embarks on a very complete sexual experience with a willing young woman in which there is no history spoken , no promises of future liaisons , no ties of any kind with the outside ... The two lovers know nothing of each other , not even their names ... Their affair is purely physical , and the barren apartment becomes , as Bertolucci intended , a world of debauchery on which is explored a catalog of behavior that seems more childish than kinky ... Jeanne is a child-woman ... She asks what she should call Paul , and they proceed to give themselves names brought only out of grunts , growls and screeches ... Paul 's cruelty is not justified and perhaps this is what attracts the modish girl ... Some scenes emotionally are so provocative that you experience a wide range of feelings ... Paul never asks Jeanne a direct question , but is constantly framing her for his next experiment , besides he assaults her , humiliates her and pushes her over the edge ... There is one great moment for the heroine when she refuses Paul 's power play and is equally unimpressed by his new declarations of love ... She insists
 I like this movie for many things but mainly because of its frankness and eccentricity . One of the highlights that makes this movie great is without a doubt Maria Schneider 's revealing nude scenes -LRB- ... -RRB- . She is also very pretty , however getting serious for a moment this film was in 1973 when it was release and still today a milestone in filmmaking largely due to Marlon Brando 's outstanding performance . He really was one of the greatest actors of all times and his performance in Last Tango in Paris more than proves it . I really like the chemistry that both Brando and Scheneider had together through out the movie but especially in their key scenes together . Marlon Brando sadly enough passed away on July 1 , in Los Angeles due to lung failure he was 80 . Lucky for all of the people -LRB- myself included -RRB- who admired and appreciated his great talent as an actor , he left us a thrilling and fantastic collection of wonderful performances that are forever capture on film for all of us to enjoy time and time again . Anyone who is not aware of the contribution that this legendary actor left on American Cinema can begin by either renting or buying some of his most dynamic movies -LRB- All of them are available on DVD or VHS -RRB- . These are my personal favorites and in which feature some of his greatest performances.THE MEN -LRB- film debut -RRB- A STREETCAR NAMED DESIREON THE WATERFRONT -LRB- Best Actor Oscar -RRB- THE WILD ONEVIVA ZAPATAJULIUS CAESARONE EYED JACKS -LRB- The only movie he ever directed -RRB- THE APPALOOSABURN!THE GODFATHER -LRB- Best Actor Oscar in which refused to accept -RRB- LAST TANGO IN PARIS
 Thi is one of the best films made about grief -- not sex , but grief . The entire drama must be seen through the prism of brando 's wife 's death . Powerful , moving , haunting , unforgettable .
 This film is worth seeing for Brando 's performance alone , even if you 're not a Brando fan -LRB- which I 'm not , as a rule -RRB- . He is absolutely riveting in every scene , and makes the most difficult and uncomfortable scenes look so realistic through his artistry and mastery of the art of acting . There 's a scene towards the film 's end -- I wo n't give it away -- that 's basically a monologue done with such power and intensity it 's downright frightening in its realism . -LRB- A similar scene is done by Tom Cruise in `` Magnolia '' and I ca n't help but think that Cruise studied Brando 's art to create an equally powerful -LRB- and painful -RRB- performance -RRB- . Ironically , Brando 's role seems a deceptively simple one , and one that could easily have been botched by a lesser actor , but he injects such force into the performance you 'll never forget it . See the film , by all means , for an incredibly cathartic experience .
 Scandalous in 1972 and still unsettling today , Bertolucci 's bizarre , fascinating psychodrama depicts sex not as a union of two human beings , but as a reflection of their alienation from each other . While the butter scene is justly famous , this is n't the only reason `` Tango '' stays with you . Just watch Brando closely
 Marlon Brando was an extraordinay actor , and this is what you see in this movie , a great Mr. Brando performance.I had great expectations about this movie . But I 'm a little disapointed . I think the picture will be erotic in a superlative degree , but no , is a good drama story with some erotic content . I like more other movies with more erotic content as The Lover , In the Realm of the Senses , David Lynch 's Lost Highway , and , as well I like other movies with some erotic content tha can be considered bizarre as David Lynch 's Blue Velvet , Heavenly Creatures , among others .
 While this is not exactly the great movie it 's reputation suggests , it comes close . It is a must-see for Brando fans , in particular . It is hard to seperate his performance from the movie itself - he is the movie ; the director intended it to be that way . Almost all the details of Brando 's character were modeled after him , which makes it all the more facinating . Gato Barbieri 's music is also great , making the movie even more effective .
 I saw this movie in the '70s , after it first came out . It immediately zoomed to number one on my list . It has n't budged from that spot whenever I periodically see it again . Marlon Brando is simply incredible and this surpasses all of his other films , which is saying a lot . Director Bernardo Bertolucci let Brando improvise a great deal of the script and Brando fell back upon his own life to do it , including memories that dated back to his life with his own parents . He wound these memories into the fictional life of Paul , who at middle age finds himself in a time of madness following his wife 's suicide . Paul attracts a young woman by his very unhingedness and she immediately becomes obsessed with him , both romantically and sexually , while he becomes sexually obsessed with her . There are some brilliant soliloquies in the film , which Brando delivers , the best being the one he delivers sitting beside the open casket of his wife . Brando was in his late '40s when he played Paul . He was paunchy , his hair was thinning , he was crazy and you do n't doubt for a moment this woman in her 20s falling madly for him . Yes , it is sexually explicit but you will never mistake this for a porno film as it had to be one of the most serious films ever made about love , sex , death , loss and the human condition . If you 've missed it up until now , do n't let another day go by without seeing it ! Maria Schneider plays the young woman well throughout but was never seen much after this movie . I only wish I could give this grounbreaking film many more stars than Amazon provides since it should n't have to share a position with any other film !
 Last Tango in Paris -LRB- Bernardo Bertolucci , 1972 -RRB- There are as many opinions as to Brando 's greatest performance as there are Marlon Brando movies . Last Tango in Paris is my pick . Brando and the almost unforgivably beautiful Maria Schneider -LRB- also the first choice to play the lead in Bunuel 's That Obscure Object of Desire -RRB- scorch the screen in this amazing film.Oddly , for the first fifteen minutes , I thought I was going to hate it . Jeanne -LRB- Schneider -RRB- is looking for an apartment . Very , very slowly . She encounters Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- in one of them , and the two begin a torrid affair for no real reason we can discern -LRB- she is engaged but lonely ; his wife recently committed suicide -RRB- . He ends up taking the apartment , and the two continue their affair over the following days before Paul 's wife 's funeral , while Jeanne 's fiance shoots a documentary film about her.Aside from the overly leisurely opening , Bertolucci mixes in the details of the two lives with their affair masterfully . The dynamics of their relationship , of course , change based on what 's going on around them , and the whole thing meshes into an almost-perfect look at the dynamics of passion . The icing on the cake is Brando 's monologue to his dead wife close to the end of the film ; this is the scene that tabbed Brando for an Oscar nomination and won him a number of more minor awards for the film ; it should also be noted that this remains the final X-Rated film to receive Oscar nominations , and was the only film rated NC-17 to have received them until Requiem for a Dream . People just do n't make X-rated films like they used to!Frank , tempestuous , utterly brilliant . See it . ****
 This is another `` artistic '' movie . The acting was very convincing and all the stuff they say about the powerful acting of Marlon Brando and the convincing youth and innocence of the one-hit-wonder girl that starred with him is valid . It was worth watching , but probably not worth owning . It 's ultimately very depressing and does n't really leave you holding on to anything . The sex scenes were pretty explicit , but not really anything you could n't see in a ` hard-R ' movie today . Buy it for the acting , not the story .
 I read the mixed reviews for this movie , so I had to comment . This movie is classic . The storyline may offend some people , but come on . Life is rocky , and believe me , going over the rocks with Marlon Brando would be a pleasure . I saw this movie when it first came out in 1972 , and I still enjoy it today in 2010 . Tango anyone ??
 The impact of Bernardo Bertolucci 's notorious yet widely lauded 1973 film can not be overstated . A product of the times , Brando is a nihilistic middle-aged widower who indulges - some say , forces - an anonymous sexual encounter with Jeanne , a young girl -- a total stranger -- in an empty Parisian apartment . Rather explicit in its sexuality and nudity , it was rated X . It is still shocking.Maria Schneider is Jeanne and she sears her sensuality , vulnerability and innocence into the minds and hearts of viewers then and now . The sex in the film is indulgent but not really shared by the characters . That anonymity triggers a surprising feeling of victimization . Whether intended or not , watching the film is more unsettling than arousing.The `` butter scene , '' a flash-point of conversation , was not even in the script , but something Brando suggested just before filming . Although the sex was simulated , Schneider 's tears were real.The world-wide attention to this landmark film brought instant fame and celebrity to young Maria Schneider . It was not welcome . She felt as if raped by Brando , Bertolucci and the audience . `` Bertolucci is more of a gangster than a movie director . He 's one of my enemies . `` Not long ago , the late Schneider said that even though she made many films , this is the one people still ask about . A new Blu-ray edition is an Maria Schneider 's sad but brilliant epitaph to lost innocence .
 Marlon Brando was a mrevel . Very unorthodox acting style . The movie , however , contains lots of sexual scenes that must be kept away from children . Very unusual story .
 This is a very artfully made film about common human emotions , needs , and losses . I love how the sex scenes are made to represent connections between people as oppose to most movies in the 70 's would have used some passionate dance number to represent the sexual act . It is very enjoyable to see the emotions in the raw and how different people heal and overcome downfall from the inside . Overall this may not be for everybody , because it shows a lot of flipside of an erotic movie .
 En mi humilde opinion esta pelicula marca la mejor actuacion de Brando y en lo particular una de las mejores actuaciones en la historia , Brando ya para este filme habia renunciado a los Oscar , por esa razon ese 1973 el no gano el Oscar , aunque fue nominado como mejor actor , es remarcable y unico en este drama en su papel de Paul , lo recomiendo a los q gusten de una buena actuacion y mas si eres fan de Brando .
 A very complex movie to understand , you 'll have to watch it several times to appreciate the finer points . First off , the Parisian background throughout the movie is spectacular . We are treated to one of the greatest cities in the world during the early 70 's . This film stirred up alot of controversy because of the sexual content , but as usual the prudish always object the most strongly . Brando 's performance is fantastic . He captures your interest and concentration the whole movie . The raw emotions portrayed run the complete spectrum too , to which he performed extremely well . One of the movies annoying aspects is Maria 's boyfriend/fiance who is running around filming the most silly things constantly with religious fervor . Maria Schneider exhibited the youthful freshness , energy , and sexuality to portray her character well . This is not a movie for everyone . It requires an open mind and a deep thinking approach to appreciate it .
 I give Last Tango in Paris five stars solely on the strength of Marlon Brando 's performance . When he 's not on screen , you miss him - - although that 's the case in his films when he 's `` on , '' like he is here . The scene where Paul 's sitting next to his wife 's body - - amazing ! That must be , like , textbook stuff for all actors since . I especially dug how he worked his own life into the script - like where Paul 's talking about his family . And it was really cool how he worked his film characters in there too , i.e. , `` he was a boxer , but he did n't do so well ... '' Clever , clever , clever.One of the -LRB- many -RRB- things that makes Brando such an incredible actor is the way that so many of his performances seem to be intertwined . Like , you 'll see something in one of his films , that reminds you of one of his others . In Last Tango , the scene where he 's playing with the lampshade made me think of the paper lantern over the light bulb in A Streetcar Named Desire .
 The death of Marlon Brando lead me to finally review this movie . This movie bursted onto the scene with hellfire and brimstone . Bernardo Bertolucci 's direction is stylish . His view of Paris is not of romance , but of a dirty and lonely city filled with pathetic individuals lurking around . If you 're a prude , do not watch this erotic , sensual and shocking motion picture . But if you want to see one of the best performances of the last 40 years , see Brando in his finest work . This movie shook Hollywood to the core with it 's stark realization . Hollywood would return the favor by blacklisting any filmaker that would make such a sexually graphic movie ! It would not be until Philip Kaulfman 's `` Henry & June '' in 1988 that the Motion Picture Association of America -LRB- MPAA -RRB- readjusted the rating from `` X '' to `` NC-17 '' .
 Friend had me watch , `` Last Tango in Paris . '' I could n't find it in any video store so I immediately looked it up on Amazon.com and abracadra ... it was found ! Great price and was shipped quickly to my house . How convenient !!! Keep up the awesome work . I use Amazon for book club on a monthly basis and I am really pleased with everything . Wish I could get better shipping prices ... For example , my last book was only a one penny , but the shipping was over 2 dollars . Wish you could ship more than one book , better price.Happy customer , Riley
 Sad to read about Mme. Schneider 's passing . When I first saw this film , I was quite taken with this young actress ' natural beauty and talent . What a shame her screen career never evolved into something more substantial - but then again , acting in films was an end to a means , and not a `` career '' . I always thought Last Tango was an achingly beautiful film , and looking forward to it on Blu-ray .
 but I love this movie . It 's just the right level of sinful arousal and plot that really works . I also find myself really caring about the characters . Usually I 'm not a fan of movies that have sex in them at all ... it 's almost always unnecessary to the plot . But this movie explores desperation in a way that makes lots of sexual content mandatory .
 One can certainly love this film for its superb acting . Certainly the cinematography could n't be excelled . The Gato Barbieri musical soundtrack is great , if you like jazz , and the reproductions of the great paintings by Francis Bacon establish the mood of the piece as the opening credits roll . It 's all very artful . The film 's soul , however , is not upbeat , the ending is a downer , as we say , and the relationship is a joyful , but confining dead end . The American bohemian played by Brando is seeking to achieve a love that is pure and free , but in the end his lover cares very much about status and class and will not be possessed by a nobody . The film either speaks to you or it does n't . I have felt moved and affected in one showing , and then turned off in another . The relationship of an large , sexually cruel man with a young ` chick ' has far less appeal these days , so one may find the film dated for its sexual dynamic . It is not so much that such relationships no longer exist , but that one may no longer find them exhilarating . On the other hand , it is the director 's masterpiece of personal connections and his only successful film of intimacy . His other great works tend to be epics , where the films encompass a grander scale .
 I remember seeing this in '72 when you had to wait in line to get in . It was a very big deal in its day . Pauline Kael , the authoritative film crtic from the New Yorker , was in esctasy over it and wrote a very long review which appeared in the New York Times.Today , the film seems dated and its trumpeted sex scenes are mild by today 's standards.The story is a standard one . A middle aged man becomes hopelessly infatuated with a young girl who proves to be his downfall.Brando at his best .
 Fascinating drama of middle-aged man 's attempt to bury painful memories of his wife 's suicide by indulging in a purely sexual relationship with a young woman . Marlon Brando portrays this man with an intensity that has rarely been matched by any other actor in any film . His performance is a powerhouse of human emotion as he enacts the deeds of a self-loathing individual who can not communicate with anyone in a decent manner . He overpowers , scares , and at times humiliates them . His reasons for this may seem self-serving , but underneath you realize that they are just the result of a person who does n't know how to express the way he feels . Brutish as he is , there is an undeniable vulnerabiltiy to the character . There is the sense that he is trying to say something , but has no idea what it is . His sexual and emotional abuse of the girl is the closest to relating his fears , desires , and longing for someone to love that he can come to . It is a realization that is eventually reached when , at the end of the film , he tries to open up , only to discover that it is too late . Director Bernardo Bertolucci did a magnificent job of displaying humanity at its most uncompromising , humorous , and shocking . The dialogue between the characters is nothing short of brilliant . Through their words we are allowed to glimpse to the very core of their beings ; what we find there is up to us to decide , since Bertolucci makes no judgments on them . Repulsion and attraction are equally infused into them . At times , they are n't even sure why they do some of the things they do . It is for this reason that it is so easy for people to relate to them
 gave me a different view of him ... . I rather liked this film ... Marlon Brando is a versitile actor ; who knew ?
 Back in the cinematic Middle Ages , a movie that reached too far into the sexual realm -- let alone the psycho/sexual domain -- was considered `` too racy '' for American sensibilities . `` Last Tango in Paris '' was such a film . Like a famous painting , we 've heard of it , but hardly understand what the fuss is about . And as with any work of art , once experienced , it takes time to fully digest.This is a dark and surreal film -- you wo n't be compelled to run through the fields singing like Julie Andrews once it 's over . But if you savor stories that delve into the nether regions of the human psyche , it 's like a cup of unsweetened , black coffee ; strong , with a bitter bite.My recommendation of this movie is based , almost entirely , on Marlon Brando 's performance . Director , Bernardo Bertolucci , is reputed to have spurred him on by relating , `` This film is about your psychoanalysis ... and mine ! '' Brando responded by offering us a chillingly realistic portrayal , of a man who 's scraping the bottom of the emotional barrel . Among other parts , the infamous `` pig scene , '' and the delirious finale , will -- yet again -- convince you of Brando 's monolithic acting talent.It 's regrettable that this film has so many dead spots , and that the tale is too flat . Nontheless , it stands as a notch on the belt of a great actor 's career . No Marlon Brando fan should do without it !
 In this movie Brando gives , what was arguably the best performance of his career , as the widowed , distraught Paul , plunging into the very depths of nihilism and despair . However , what I did not like about this movie was the lack of character development for Jeanne -LRB- Schneider -RRB- , the young Parisian , in which Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- has his no names tryst with . I did n't understand why she fell for Paul , or why she was such a willing participant in these sexual escapades with him , was it low-self esteem , boredom , curiousity , what was it ? I did n't really understand her . Nor did I connect with her character , and in fact , felt less than sympathetic for her and at times found her to be quite annoying . Also I was disappointed with the movie 's ending . I did n't mind him being killed , because he wanted to die -- he simply did n't have the guts or the will to pull the trigger . But what I did n't like , was that all of a sudden , Paul falls for Jeanne ... out of nowhere -- WHY ?! What was the turning point , it just did n't make sense . I felt it was contrived , unrealistic and somewhat partronizing and unfair to the two main characters in the film . There needed to be some justification for this sudden change of behavior . I would have preferred Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- , after having his last `` encounter '' with Jeanne to simply disapear , and to have the audience along with Jeanne wondering , what had happened to him . Or perhaps would have preferred him becoming so delusional and broken from reality that he begins to see Jeanne as his dead wife Rose . I even think there is a part where Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- calls her Rose -- this was only hinted at , but it should have been more fully developed but unfortunately it was not . So instead we are left with him , overnight metamorphisizing from a nihilist to a jubiliant fop who miraculously falls in love with Jeanne and madly pursues her and wants to build a life with her , yet still , without even knowing her name.Despite these flaws , however , I feel this movie is still magnificient , giving a look into the psychology and depth of grief , anger , nihilism and despair , which more than makes up for its flaws . I found myself , deeply moved by Brando 's performance . And realized he put alot of his own personal experiences into this movie , which for a Brando admirer , only heightened my appreciation for this movie.Visually this film has great coloration and is wonderfully shot , thanks to great cinematography by Vittorio Storaro . And the music by Gato Barbieri , is at times sultry as it is haunting.After watching this movie I was left feeling depressed , deeply moved , captivated and confused -LRB- because of the ending -RRB- . Admittedly , in order to appreciate this movie , I had to be very open-minded . It 's not a movie for everyone , nor is it a movie to gather the whole family around and eat popcorn and be entertained . But if you are willing to be open-minded , which is key , and put yourself in someone else 's shoes -- who finds his own unconventional and disturbing way to deal with his own grief , then you may find , like me , that Last Tango in Paris , is a flawed masterpiece with empty pieces to the puzzle , but is still a masterpiece nontheless .
 Since I do n't have a copy of A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE , I watched again for the fifth or sixth time this fine film to remember Marlon Brando on the day of his death . Every time I see this movie I 'm amazed all over again at how good it is . Brando , nominated for an academy award for best actor for his performance here , is simply stunning . As always he takes over and commands any scene he is in . When the film was first released , most of the media attention was about the extremely naturalistic sex scenes between Brando , who plays a 45-year-old whose wife has just committed suicide , and Maria Schneider , a beautiful 20-year-old beauty about to be married . Then there was all the hoopla about the episode with the stick of butter , the fingernail trimming scene , etc. . What many reviewers and critics overlooked -- as I recall it now -- was at its core this movie is not just another movie bordering on soft porn but makes extremely serious and profound statements about life
 I saw this when came out , as a high school student with a girlfriend . Needless to say , we both found it beyond shocking , truly horrible in its angst and rage and cruelty . Brando , a damaged and unhappy man whose life is in ruins , meets an empty and inexperienced girl , who submits to his sado-masochistic `` numbers '' with incomprehensible passivity . Perhaps she is bored , perhaps she wants relief from her bourgeois life - a clinging mother and unbearably insipid boyfriend - or wants to experience something raw and new , it is impossible to say . It is like she is an empty vessel , an object , for the horrible things he does to her . There is plenty of nudity , some iconic scenes like the butter one , but few normal human emotions . The Brando character is pure despair and loneliness in an extraordinary performance.He sets the rules
 On the cover of the paperback edition of my novel A Perfectly Natural Act there is the blurb
 Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider star in this powerful film about an older American man , a younger French woman , and the heights of sexuality and seduction.Brando stars as Paul , a 45-year-old American widower who 's coming to grips with his wife 's suicide . His wife slit her wrists in the bathroom , leaving no note behind for Paul . All that she left him was the ownership of the seedly flop-house motel she had owned . Forced to deal with this bizarre change of events in his life , Paul goes out searching for an apartment.Schneider stars as Jeanne , a young 20-year-old Parisian girl . She 's sexy , vivacious , flirtatious , innocent , and adventerous all at the same time . She 's engaged to be married to her filmmaker boyfriend . She , too , is looking for an apartment.By chance , Jeanne and Paul end up looking at the same apartment . Both are intrigued ; not just by the apartment , but by each other as well . Soon , they are having rough sex up against the wall . What begins after this encounter is a bizarre yet meaningful relationship which exists only inside the apartment . No names are exchanged , no pasts discussed . Only the present matters for these two tortured souls . Their apartment has become a sanctuary where they can come together as one.As the movie progresses , it becomes apparent that Paul and Jeanne are truly falling for each other , but neither is sure how to proceed with the next step . Unsure , Jeanne returns to the arms of her `` boyfriend '' , while Paul struggles with his feelings for Jeanne . Finally , he reveals his true feeling outside of the apartment , professing his love for Jeanne . Will she believe it , or will something happen to shake up the ending?When this film was originally released in 1973 , it drew the dreaded `` X '' rating for the sexuality and language . Somehow , it was reduced to NC-17 for the DVD version . Despite the rating , the movie is still very good . Brando and Schneider are simply marvelous in their roles as Paul and Jeanne . Brando 's performance won him an academy award nomination . I had a slight problem with the English subtitles , but it in no way affected how I felt about the movie overall . The plot is extremely well-developed , and the characters fit perfectly into the story . I highly recommend this great film . Watch this movie and see one of Marlon Brando 's great film performances .
 Marlon Brando 's tortured performance and Maria Schneider 's sumptuous beauty drive `` The Last Tango in Paris , '' an otherwise straightforward arthouse film made infamous for its -LRB- for the time -RRB- graphic sex scenes . Before director Bernardo Bertolucci would hit his stride with emotionally and cinematically vibrant films like `` 1900 '' and `` The Last Emperor , '' he operated on a much smaller scale , preferring introspective dramas like this one . Brando plays a skulking widower who throws himself into an increasingly disturbed fling with the sexually free young woman -LRB- Schneider -RRB- who falls for him . As emotions boil to the surface , the two find themselves on a collision course with disaster . The thin plot -- made thinner by Brando 's sometimes hokey ad-libbing -- is just an excuse to watch these two performers , and this is where the film shines . Brando has rarely been better ; his Paul is a fascinating amalgam of rage , grief , and lust , driven mad by forces he ca n't control . Schneider is stunning , both in portraying the conflicted sensibilities of a young woman who is simultaneously worldly and innocent and for just being downright gorgeous , undressed and otherwise . The two have genuine chemistry onscreen , and in the handful of trysts they perform , are entirely believable as a couple . That Bertolucci photographs them in warm light against squalid backgrounds adds an air of eroticism to a film that is more about the dangers of desire than the joys of romance . As with `` Monster 's Ball , '' though , its willingness ultimately to allow the performances to take center stage is both an asset and a liability for `` The Last Tango in Paris . ''
 In 1972 , a film titled `` Last Tango in Paris '' became one of the most controversial films of all time.Written and directed by Bernardo Bertolucci -LRB- `` The Conformist '' , `` The Last Emperor '' , `` The Dreamers '' -RRB- , co-written with Franco Arcalli -LRB- `` Once Upon a Time in America '' , `` 1900 ' -RRB- and a French adaptation by French New Wave director Agnes Varda -LRB- `` Cleo from 5 to 7 ' , `` Vagabond '' -RRB- , the film would shock viewers at the time for its sexual violence and emotional turmoil.The MPAA gave the film an X rating and later revised 25-years later to receive an NC-17 rating . But while the film would become a cover story in `` Time '' and `` Newsweek '' and receive notoriety , film critics such as Pauline Kael would say that the film `` has made the strongest impression on me in almost twenty years of reviewing . This is a movie people will be arguing about , I think , for as long as there are movies '' -LRB- Pauline Kael , `` For Keeps , 30 Years at the Movies '' , pg . 455 -RRB- . Her review was so popular that it was used as a double-page ad in the Sunday New York Times and film critic Roger Ebert would describe Kael 's lengthy review as `` the most famous review ever published '' . Meanwhile , internationally the film would be sold out at various theaters , receive positive reviews from French publications and many would travel far just to watch the movie in France due to censorship . Unfortunately , in Bertolluci 's country of Italy , he was put on trial for `` obscenity '' as the Italian prosecutor called the film `` self-serving pornography '' . Bertolucci would serve a four month suspended sentence in prison and his civil rights revoked for five years , making him ineligible to vote.And now this controversial film receives its Blu-ray release in America in its original , uncut and uncensored version . `` Last Tango in Paris '' revolves around two individuals.Paul -LRB- played by Marlon Brando , `` The Godfather '' , `` The Fugitive Kind '' , `` On the Waterfront '' , `` A Streetcar Named Desire '' -RRB- is a man who is mourning the suicide of his wife Rosa . He can be seen looking disheveled walking around Paris with tears streaming down his eyes.Jeanne -LRB- played by Maria Schneider , `` The Passenger '' -RRB- is a young 20-year-old who awaits her boyfriend , a young TV director and a filmmaker named Tom -LRB- played by Jean-Pierre Leaud , `` The 400 Blows '' , `` Masculin Feminin '' , `` Love on the Run '' , `` Made in U.S.A. '' -RRB- to come home . For the meantime , she is looking for an apartment to rent.Both individuals frequent similar areas but not one time did they look at each other.When Jeanne does find an apartment to look at , she notices that the man , Paul is there . It appears that both are looking at the same apartment and it is not known who will get the apartment first . But yet , she stays knowing he is there and is not afraid of him . When she thinks he does leave , he just closed the door , goes up to her and immediately starts kissing her and both have sex in the apartment.After they have sex , the two do n't have much communication but they go on their separate ways.For Jeanne , she is to meet Tom at the train and next thing you know , the whole interaction is being filmed by her boyfriend who wants to capture their love on 16mm , as cinema.As for Paul , when he arrives back home , he sees the woman cleaning the bath tub that is still filled with blood after his wife 's suicide -LRB- she cut herself with a blade -RRB- . The next day , we find out that Paul has rented the apartment for several days and both he and Jeanne will have anonymous sexual relationship . The rules are simple , no names , no talking about anything of their personal life because none of it matters in the apartment . The apartment is for them to have sex.Each time the two are together , Jeanne wants to know who he is but Paul reminds her to not talk about anything personal as the apartment is only for them to have sex . They will not see each other outside of the apartment.With Paul , we see how much sexual anger that he has when he does things to Jeanne in the apartment , whether she wants to or not , she submits . Outside of the apartment , Paul is a much different person . As his wife 's mother comes to visit their flop-house hotel -LRB- which Paul runs and originally belonged to his deceased wife 's parents -RRB- in preparation for her daughter 's funeral . Paul treats her badly as she wants her daughter to be mourned in church , something he does want because she killed herself and the church does not respect those who kill themselves . He is very condescending towards his mother-in-law and if anything , he is unsure of why his wife killed herself . He has isolated himself in the hotel , no friends , just talking to those who stay at the hotel , including the man that his wife had an affair with.As for Jeanne , we learn that she is the daughter of a deceased colonel , living in a nice apartment with her mother and with her boyfriend Tom who is back , he wants to marry her by the end of the week.But while Paul and Jean have this secret sexual encounter for the next few days , how will they treat each other when they stop and see each other outside of the apartment and get to know each other for real?VIDEO : `` Last Tango in Paris '' is presented in 1080p High Definition -LRB- 1:85:1 widescreen -RRB- . First , its important for note that this is a 1972 film and for the most part , I was expecting to see some aging of the film . Surprisingly , `` Last Tango in Paris '' looks fantastic on Blu-ray compared to its older DVD counterpart . I think those who watch this film will be surprised to see the amount of detail and clarity that they will see while watching this film on Blu-ray . You can see the tears flowing through Paul 's eyes , you can see the detail of his hairy arms , right down to the blood splattered after his wife 's suicide . There were details that I did n't recognize at first . Such as the messy spotting on the mirrors and for the most part , I feel this is a pretty awesome upgrade on Blu-ray . But the picture quality is not entirely perfect . I did notice a few debris but otherwise , the blacks are deep , skin tones are natural looking and overall , a pretty solid transfer . And I just have to say that the cinematography for this film , courtesy of Vittorio Storaro -LRB- `` Apocalypse Now '' , `` Bullworth '' , `` The Last Emperor '' , `` Dick Tracy '' -RRB- is magnificent!AUDIO & SUBTITLES : `` Last Tango in Paris '' is presented in English Mono DTS-HD Master Audio , Spanish Mono and French Mono . The film is primarily dialogue-driven and features a score by Gato Barbieri . But because it is a mono-track , do n't expect immersive sounds coming from the surround channels . But I will say that the dialogue is clear and that the film does showcase dialogue in English and French . I detected no problems with the audio.Subtitles are presented in English SDH and French.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Last Tango in Paris '' comes with the original theatrical trailer.JUDGMENT CALL : One of the most controversial films of all time has received its Blu-ray release that is uncut and uncensored.Back in 1972 , the film received an X rating , while now , it 's rated NC-17 . Reading a summary or synopsis of `` Last Tango in Paris '' really does n't give the film much justice . For one , the efficacy of this film is in Bertolucci 's filmmaking style of giving his actors a chance to bring out the character without guidance.For Marlon Brando , this is where he excels . Call it improvisational , this is a man who took on the character of Paul and brought him to life . And for many cinema fans at the time , many were clamoring for more Brando the year after `` The Godfather '' , so needless to say , many were shocked to see him in such a film.As for actress Maria Schneider , you can tell that she fed off the energy of Marlon Brando . Her character of Jeanne is a woman that has spunk . She seems like a strong-willed individual but when she 's at the apartment alone with Paul , she seems to crave this domination sexually by Paul . She does n't know what will happen and she definitely does not like the anonymity but she feels herself drawn to him or the danger of having sex with someone you do n't know and will never know.There is no doubt about it , the character of Paul is about sexual domination . Because of their anonymity , Paul feels he can do what he want , get what he wants and for Jeanne , she submits but she also does what she wants when she 's in the apartment . There is no love between Paul and Jeanne , it 's literally a film about two people engaging in poisonous sex.You may be reading this and wondering `` what makes this film so controversial '' ? Although there have been films since `` Last Tango in Paris '' that have gone even further such as Nagisa Oshima 's `` In the Realm of the Senses '' , you just do n't get a magnificent actor such as Marlon Brando to be in such a film . But it happened.You will see scenes where Paul gets a stick of butter that Jeanne has brought to the apartment and shoves it up her and sodomizes her while she cries in pain . Another scene features Paul directing Jeanne to cut her nails and then to shove her fingers up him.These are just a few of those sexual scenes shown through the film . But watching it now , especially in compared to Oshima 's `` In the Realm of the Senses '' , while we do see Jeanne completely nude throughout the film , for Brando , he is always seen wearing clothes when he has sex with Jeanne . I often wonder if that was by choice of the director/Brando to show his domination while in clothes and then unzipping his zipper whenever he wants to partake in sex or was it because Brando did n't feel comfortable showing off his own skin . Who knows?But I do know that for 1972 , this type of content for a film was shocking . Not only do you get a film that features spectacular cinematography , wonderful direction and excellent performance by Marlon Brando , it 's very creative and artistic of how the sex was such a big part of this film but how the characters were portrayed.And it 's quite interesting to see what happens when Paul stops going to the apartment and both individuals meet each other in reality . I do n't want to spoil the film but it was quite intriguing.Pauline Kael wrote `` Realism with terror of actual experience still alive on the screen - that 's what Bertolucci and Brando achieve '' . She is absolutely right . Despite Brando wearing his clothes during the act of sex , it 's just the nature of how this film was shot and how Brando transforms to this immoral being , he brings out the self-centeredness of the character . We are drawn to his personal view of society but at the same time , repulsed by him . It 's the efficacy of Brando 's acting that made `` Last Tango in Paris '' work . Without him , I do n't even think this film would have registered as a blip on anyone 's radar.Marlon Brando is one of the better examples of a method actor , one who takes on the persona of the character and somehow manages to live and breath that character and I wanted to know more about this.And this is where it comes down to the Blu-ray release and my feelings that I wish there was some post-interview or special feature included . I enjoyed the Blu-ray but the fact that its devoid of any special features -LRB- especially knowing how Bertolucci `` The Last Emperor '' was heavy on special features -RRB- , you just felt that there should have been more to this Blu-ray . But all one is going to find on this Blu-ray release is a trailer.Granted , this is the best looking and sounding version of the `` Last Tango in Paris '' to date . It 's a no-brainer that this Blu-ray release is a wonderful upgrade but at the same time , I just wished there was more to it , in terms of special features content.Overall , `` Last Tango in Paris '' is a film that definitely had an impact on cinema and for many , they consider it a Bertolucci masterpiece and perhaps Brando 's greatest acting achievement . The late Pauline Kael has said that some people will be very angry , some will feel disgusted . Or like her , feel that the film is not only important but resonate strongly as a film with a major impact.Does this 1972 film still have impact on those of us today ? Probably not as much as it did back then , but if you are able to put yourself in the shoes of those who watched this film back in 1972 , you can realize how bold and scandalous this film was at the time . Will you love it or hate it ? I 'll leave that up to you .
 This is a great film . I 'm not sure it `` altered the face of an art form , '' as Kael said , but that 's because only the rarest artists can carry off such an unblinking look inside a soul . Marlon Brando is such an artist , and even he only tried it once.I 've been watching a lot of Brando movies since he died , and he is never less than mesmerizing -- even when he is infuriating . -LRB- See `` The Missouri Breaks , '' say , or `` Mutiny on the Bounty . '' -RRB- His performance in `` Last Tango '' is the best he ever gave , and one of the finest ever committed to film by any actor.The movie is not all Brando , of course . Bertolucci conceived the whole thing , had a hand in the dialogue , and somehow got his actors to go places they were probably reluctant to go . I mention the dialogue , because it must have imprinted itself in my memory
 Probably not for everyone , but a real treat for serious film lovers . Brando and Schneider are solid together , and create an emotionally raw and beautiful couple . Not a love story , but a collision of two wandering , perhaps lost , souls . More proof that the very best films come from the 70 's .
 The Bottom Line : Why Bertolucci thought it was a good idea to cut away from Brando and Schneider in order to focus on the latter 's boring boyfriend I 'll never know , but when Last Tango in Paris focuses on the main couple -LRB- and Brando in particular -RRB- it 's a powerful , if somewhat formless , film that is no less candid and raw than it was 30 years ago .
 I remember watching this movie when I was a teenager . I think I got about 3 minutes into it before I `` lost interest '' and went to sleep . So I felt it was only fair to go back and watch the whole thing after seeing `` The Dreamers '' , and feeling that now I 'm old enough to appreciate it . LTIP , beyond the butter and the anonymous sex , truly is a messed up movie . Brando 's dialogue is terribly stilted and cheesy , but the performance he turns in at his dead wife 's bedside is shocking and moving beyond belief . The movie is as much a condemnation of the promiscuous society as it is a celebration , and the final ten minutes are harrowing and heart-breaking . The movie suffers from 70 's pacing though , where too much of the `` action '' is saved for the denouement , and all the meticulously crafted scenes before that suffer for the sake of a brutal finale . I also found the finale a tad unnecessarily moralistic - bad things happen to bad people ... But Paris is beautiful , the movie is at once both intelligent and though provoking and nowadays seems less pornographic or provocative that an Britney Spears concert , although far , far more worthy of your time .
 In that rarely seen Jules Dassin gem `` A Dream of Passion '' Melina Mercouri refers to this semi-autobiographical -LSB- is it ? -RSB- movie about Brando 's `` Walpurgisdae ' with Schneider . She does have the more difficult role - being naked most of the time , and depending where you first saw it , bits and pieces fell to the censors . This is a ` complete ' version of the original.PARIS has never looked been seedier - except possibly for Polanski 's `` The Tenant '' , but that 's through another lens , and there 's also the now infamous side-streets and vacancies of `` Pola X '' . Bertolucci 's `` Last Tango in Paris '' REMAINS daring today , the premise ? Yet another man , trying to make sense of his wife 's unexplained suicide , embarks on an increasingly brutal sexual odyssey with a willing girl half his age . -LSB- Who knows ? Rumor had it back then that the role was originally conceived with a young man in mind . -RSB- This ` journey ' is an attempt to keep himself alive and grounded - somewhat along the lines of Poe 's comment about drug/alcohol abuse `` I drink and take opium to remain sane '' . Quite a harrowing journey including the infamous ` butter-scene ' and still a must for the serious film student . Others have tried , Bogarde `` The Night Porter '' also quite sensational ; `` Blue '' with Binoche has a ` touch ' of this experience too.Brando is fortunately still very much with us ; Schneider went on to make `` The Passenger '' with Jack Nicholson ...
 Highly recommend . Marlon Brando is a genius ! It 's unfortunate that there are n't any contemporary actors that come close to Brando 's caliber . Blu-ray quality is excellent .
 When first released , in an era far more sexually repressed than ours , this film earned so many negative reviews that most moviegoers remembered it primarily for the infamous `` butter '' scene . Today we can see more clearly what Bertolucci was up to , and we can celebrate this landmark film as it deserves to be celebrated . It is nothing short of brilliant , as many contemporary film critics now realize . Bertolucci was way ahead of his time , so much so that I wish the film could be re-released today as a brand-new film . Brando is remarkable -- restrained in most scenes , volcanic in one -- and his performance may well be his best work after `` Streetcar . '' The film explores a strange juncture of grief and sensuality in which a man whose wife has killed herself attempts to channel his suppressed grief in a new direction
 Marlon Brando is an aging American in Paris whose wife has just committed suicide ; he meets a young woman -LRB- Maria Schneider -RRB- and attempts to work out his despair with her through sex . He falls in love with her and wants to start a new life with her , only she 's in love with someone else . Brando is simply marvelous as Paul , frightening in his intensity as this man whose life has become a black hole . Much of Brando 's performance apparently was improvized on the screen ; it is a mesmorizing performance that goes beyond sheer acting and onto a higher level . The movie can be brutal at times , but that only seems to add to its power .
 This movie like no one before hits in the midle of the soul , no matter how old you are . If you 're a teenager -LRB- like me in 1973 I was 18 -RRB- it became a shocking experience , but through the years , this film witha remarkable trio -LRB- Moravia , Bertolucci and Brando -RRB- altogether inscrbed their names and melt the real essence of the existencialism -LRB- beyond the stranger from Camus -RRB- , exposes with no estetic considerations the nakeness of the human being . Loneliness , hopeless , desesperation , two persons existing before living each one to their own way , sharing an apartment where they can be true for a while . And surrounded by a silence ` s veil . The story is told by a shy camera , who spies like a peeping tom , all the corners of the room.And that finale in the dancerroom is an antology . The huge scream of pain could n`t be told in a more dramatic style . The tango that certainly represents the hopeless and the blooded memory of that tha could have been and was n`t , and the contrast with the nuance and touch of class that Paris means top us , it can be too heavy and awful for many viewers . But if you are able to go beyond these estetic obstacles and exploring the deep of the soul . You ` ll be rewarded forever . A landmark in the story of the cinema . Brando will never reach that peak like this performance .
 I saw this film when it was first released -LRB- a very limited release , I might add , at least in Maryland -RRB- , and I was about the age of Jeanne , the insouciant young French woman so brilliantly played by Maria Schneider -LRB- so sad , her life ended so young and tragically -RRB- . I was completely dazzled and obsessed with the film . It was something totally different from anything I had ever seen , taking risks and using techniques never before used in any film I had seen . One is reminded of some of the other cinema greats -- Fellini , for example , who were n't afraid to risk ridicule for their art . The cinematography , the music , the script , were unlike anyting I had ever seen . The idea that two people could meet in an apartment in Paris and have the most intimate of relationships , yet know nothing significant about each other -- the thought of this was fascinating . Of course , all is bathed in the lurid light of the French apartment.Now that I am older and more jaded , I see this for what it is -- groundbreaking , and thus , dated . Like `` Saturday Night Live '' , nothing like it had been attempted before , so it seemed better than it really is . I am sure it has been done better since . However , a few things remain untouched and absolutely stellar
 Bernardo Berttolucci , who got his start with another controversial director - Pier Paolo Pasolini , really painted beautifully with color and lighting when he made ` Last Tango in Paris ' . The film stands the test of time and in no way is dated as I watch it today - about 30 years later . The mood of the film at times is light-hearted , childish , naughty , and at other times it is very sad , fatalist , and depressing - such a range of emotion is hard to find in a movie.There are so many memorable scenes in the movie - that it is almost impossible for anyone to say they completely dislike the film . Brando 's performance is one of his best - and you really feel like this was a special project for him . It made me laugh when I read someone 's review saying Bertolucci was a dirty old man when - he was n't that old when he made the movie , the sex scenes are all artfully done , and I do n't get the sense that he had any bad intentions in making the picture.I give this film 5 stars for its beauty -LRB- every shot looks like a painting -RRB- , its range of emotion , and Brando 's performance . This is truly a classic of modern times .
 I 'm going to break the trend of a life time on Amazon now and comment on the actual item in question the blu ray disk of the movie `` Last Tango in Paris '' and not the movie itself . The good news is the film has a had a very subtle remastering for blu ray with the studio being sensitive to the source material while keeping the original palette of the movie without making it look to artificial in Hi Def . As long as you do n't have your black levels set to high you wo n't be disappointed . Sound is a big improvement with a mono DTS remastering which does the job making the most important aspect the dialogue crystal clear . No extras but the trailer I 'm afraid .
 It was more than just `` a big deal in its day , '' as one of the reviews below put it . And it 's definitely not `` an exercise in tedium . '' `` Last Tango in Paris '' is at once the most harrowing film I have ever seen , and one of the most beautifully created ; it represents the artistic summit of its extraordinary star . Even if he had never made this film , Marlon Brando would have been -LRB- whether he cared or not -RRB- our greatest film actor . With `` Last Tango , '' he turned in one of the most intensely personal and multi-layered performances any actor could ever hope to give . The scene in which his character , Paul , speaks to the body of his late wife had an immediate effect on me during my first viewing of the film
 Brando 's ETERNAL coolness!Maria 's innocent BEAUTY!Lovable and dis-likable supporting cast ALL made this movie aClassic for just about anyone -LRB- including people that watchit for reasons OTHER than the ` Behind Closed Doors '' scenes -RRB- . A very cool look at how a man , who is so angry and crushed overhis unfaithful wife `` s suicide , closes out the world aroundhim and creates a Therapeutic Retreat for himself . I thinkhe even helps someone else out along the way , though I ` msure that was not his intention .5 Stars ! ! ! JS
 Paris is dirty , or at least the parts of it visited by Bertolucci 's camera . The beginning of the film follows the separate paths of the two main actors -LRB- Brando , Schneider -RRB- through the streets of Paris . We 've yet to meet them or learn anything about them but we ca n't wait til they finally do cross paths in an old run down apartment where most of the movie will take place . The cinematic style is unmistakably European and at a time when European cinema was at its very highest point . For a short time in the late sixties and early seventies film was considered on almost equal footing with literature . In fact the cinema seemed to be the perfect medium to transmit what the novel had become ... experimental , non-linear , post-structural . If culture was entering into a post-verbal phase cinema seemed the obvious medium for high culture to express itself in . Antonioni 's Blow-Up -LRB- based on the Cortazar story -RRB- and Bertolucci 's Last Tango in Paris are the most convincing examples of cinema having achieved this equal footing with literature . It did n't last long but for a few years foreign cinema produced one masterpiece after another . European cinema was at its height in 1972 and so was Marlon Brando . Bertolucci was a new director and Brando already a star but it never seems either is interfering with the others talents . They encourage and compliment each other perfectly . Brando is allowed to improvise all he wants it appears but Bertolucci is free to turn the sound down or up , or move the camera closer or further away to get just the effect he wants . They both come out looking great . It is as powerful an acting performance as exists anywhere -LRB- no other movie feels as real as this one -RRB- , and it is a very pleasingly constructed piece of modern cinema . Two virtuosos practicing their craft.The story is a depressing one but its the moments when Brando departs from the script that one feels the freedom that a live performance when everything is really clicking and happening can give one . And its the perfect script for allowing such moments of departures because the character in the story needs desperately to feel free or liberated again from the confines of what life/culture has become . In their rented room Brando and Scheider explore a reality of their own making . Their room becomes a playground where no stultifying bourgeois rules exist . Ultimately the game does not shut out real life and that is the tragedy of the Brando character . As real life creeps in to their play world the game winds down and appropriately the final scenes show the characters not in their room but in public , once again in the streets where the film began . The younger Schneider just sought a momentary diversion in the affair whereas the older Brando relied on it for his very sustenance and once the game ends there is nothing else for him . Without a playmate to keep him playful he is simply desperate . Everything about this film is perfect , including the music . A long film at 128 minutes but one that impresses you again every time you see it . No other movie has the power this one has . Brando 's most interesting character , and Bertolucci 's most interesting/accomplished piece of film .
 When this film first came out in 1972 it caused a sensation . Some of this was because of explicit intimate scenes which had never before been portrayed on a conventional movie screen . But it was also because it was an experimental art film which showcased incredibly fine acting and the unique and the exceptional viewpoint of Bernardo Bertolucci , the writer and director . I vaguely remember seeing in when it first came out but it is only now , almost 40 years later , that I can appreciate the artistic endeavor of the filmmakers . This was a unique film in its day . It was expected to usher in a new kind of dark and explicit filmmaking but it never did . So it now it stands alone as an historical memory of an art film that upset and confused the public but never won their hearts and minds.The film is set in Paris and the language is mostly French . Marlon Brando , a middle-aged American man is grieving for his wife who has just committed suicide . Maria Schneider , then just 19 years old with the kind of fresh young beauty that pulls in the viewer in every scene she 's in , first encounters Brando in a empty apartment when she is apartment hunting for her forthcoming marriage . What follows is a torrid affair with the most explicit romantic scenes ever seen in a mainstream movie at the time . Schneider is often nude and the object of Brando 's rather perverted needs and these scenes are more sordid than titillating.The acting is over-the-top excellent , especially in a scene where Brando has a long monologue over the corpse of his dead wife . The script is tight and there is not a wasted word even though it is hard to see exactly where it is going . The atmosphere is melancholy , the intimate scenes strong , explicit and somewhat upsetting as Brando dominates and the willing Schneider accepts this . I was completely absorbed in it all , kept my eyes glued to the screen and quickly realized that this film is a small work of art that has been misunderstood . Time has not diminished it and it stands alone as an experiment which provoked emotions that the public was not able to handle then and probably can not handle now .
 I had n't seen this movie since it came out in the early 70 's , and I 'm wondering how I sat through the thing back then . I guess it was Maria Schneider 's bod that got me through the thing . Things like that matter a lot more when your hormones are gushing like some Parisian fountain instead of like a fine wine being decanted . Yes , I 'm aware that that 's some pretty hokey mixing of metaphors . I 'm just trying to say that Mlle. Schneider was hot then , and is hot now , but it takes more than that to get a viewer through this movie these days.The good news for my fellow geezers is that , after 30 years , my memories of the movie were almost gone . It was like watching a new movie , so there 's an upside to those senior moments . I stopped saying , `` I do n't remember this ! '' after a while.There 's a lot wrong with this flick , but the core of the plot is not without interest . The main characters test each others love to the max . Timing of their actions also comes into play , and has a great deal to do with the outcome of these lover 's fates . I see what the director/writer was trying to do , and if Brando had been controlled a bit more , the film would n't have come off as being a bit silly in so many scenes.I 'm giving this movie 4 stars instead of the 2 it deserves because it 's fun to watch Brando any place in the world , and Marlon Does Paris is much more fun if he was n't in this one . I think a lot of his dialogue must have been improvised , and his choice of words gives an insight into the mind and upbringing of this Nebraska boy . I ca n't imagine that the Europeans came up with some of the earthy language that sounds like it came from a feed store in the good old USA rather than a Paris bistro . The soundtrack also adds another dimension . There 's too much icing and not enough cake . Rent it and buy the soundtrack.Butter Flavored Popcorn ToppingThe Art of Decanting
 To begin with , Last Tango in Paris is a landmark in film history , it 's Bertolucci 's most psychological film , and a breakthrough conventional censorship , banned for almost ten years , Last Tango is brooding and sensual , raw and miserable , Maria Schneider appears here so voluptuous and everlasting , ca n't blame Brando 's character -LRB- Paul -RRB- , to become mad , she is both a child and a woman , a combination no one can resist -LRB- your sex does n't matter -RRB- , the ultimate object of sexual Catharsis , becoming wrath . This is a chamber piece , a conceptual story in the minds of its two protagonist , enters Marlon Brando ; Paul 's construction could n't be more close to Brando 's psychological truth , it is his most alike character , and Brando just exudes all of his unlimited potential , skills , and mastery of the acting art , delivering one of the most perfect performances in all movie history , a must for every student of acting and for any aspiring director in much concern of his or hers actor 's performance . Complex , incomprehensible , silent in sorrow and in much pain , but completely lost in a duel because of his dead wife , this is Paul , egoist , manipulative , the world moves because of him , even at his lowest hour of pathetic self indulgent anal ways , Paul is everything inside the Apartment , and nothing outside of it . Enters Maria Schneider ; Jeanne a French beauty -LRB- just in her early twenties -RRB- , cast in a child like role with the sweetness and seduction of a Lolita , only this time is both voluptuous and dependent of a real man 's love , Schneider is just unforgettable in this seductive character , and her performance is first class , a woman of its time
 Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- is a refugee from the american tuned up life style and a troubled history , to Paris , where he starts `` falling '' into emotional quirel between his cold wife and a young experimentng Lolita ... Living in a little brothel like hotel his wife own he stands in the middle of the passion driven idle Parisien bohemia , pendeling between his wife , unable of being sincere and the young girl . As his wife commits suecide , he decides to cut the story and let it go for the young girl . His sureness of his sucess is shadered thow as the young girl does n't comprehend his emotions and can not bare them . The film full of passionate view of the world and sincere emotional attitudes toward the shalow part of the life and unfairness is balancing on the tip of the sanity as the love between Paul -LRB- Brando -RRB- and the Lolita exceedes the borders of common in a passionate way , not as a sickness and perversion , but pure passion and in search of true love . The film used to be concidered for censorship . The music for the film is composed by Gato Barbieri , a musician whos roots are in the tango as he is a Latin american saxophone player and composer of the highest creative and emotional potential . A masterpiece !
 I first saw this film fifteen years ago . Now , as a thirty-something y.o. adult , the film has taken on a resonance it did n't have then . Brando is at his finest ; the scene where he views his wife 's body is incredibly powerful . It was Brando not acting , but being.The sex was not graphic at all by today 's standards . There are very frank and uncomfortable situations portayed , and a few static shots of breasts and mons . Otherwise , the erotic impact is generated completely in the mind of the viewer.While the picture quality is n't exactly mindblowing , it was adequate . And yet , Storaro 's genius shines through . Some of his best work . Fine score . I would have liked more , perhaps an interview with Brando , Bertolucci and Storaro.Of course , it 's B.B. 's baby ; he was way ahead of his time with this classic portrait of the darker side of human passion , loss and identity .
 Last Tango in Paris is truly one of the greatest films of the 1970s . Marlon Brando gives a very powerful performance as Paul the middle aged widower who has a sexual liason with a chance encounter . A fascinating motion picture to say the least .
 When so-to-speak film-know-it-alls compile their lists of the Best Films of All Time , this should be included . Never has there been anything which portrays such raw emotion in film so well . Brando 's performance is amazing ! He should have won the Oscar for this , as opposed to the one where he walked around with cotton in his mouth . The rating controversy was stupid , although adult in themes , this was not a dirty movie . This is one of my favorite movies of all time . The direction was superb ! My favorite scene was in the ballroom with the tango couples . The film to me represented a piece of art .
 Brando stand for best , and this one was not an exeption .
 Last Tango In Paris is one of the best films of all time . This film pulls you in and never lets go the film is just so hunting . I can never forget the tango sequence towards the end of the film so hunting and the photography is just brillent one of the greatest photographed films of all time . Banardo Bertoluccie is just brillent one of the greatest directors of all time he has made some of the greatest films ever made he is just amazing . Watch it you will love it . But this film is for adults only and is rated NC-17 so this is not a film for the kids ...
 BRILLIANT ! Marlon Brando gives what is probably the greatest performance ever put on film , as Paul , an expatriate American living in France , whose wife has just committed suicide . Ambling through the streets , he finds a young woman named Jeanne . They find an apartment which becomes a meeting place where they experiment and tear all the thick layers of superficiality . This is Bertolucci 's masterpiece .
 Love that era of movies.Acting was great
 This is the worst and the best Brando . Good movie with a questionable meaning .
 I found this DVD `` Las Manos '' by trawling through the local library and decided to check it out , and I 'm glad I did . This story of miracle worker Padre Mario Santaleo of Argentina was fascinating . It was well-directed and I was especially impressed by the performance of Argentine-Italian actor Jorge Marrale who played Padre Mario . What a subtle and heart-felt performance ! You felt that you were watching not just an brilliant actor at work , but the actual spirit of a deeply compassionate and humble man that Padre Mario was said to be.The story is that as Padre Mario exercises his uncanny gift of healing , this proves to be an embarrassment to a Church that had shunted aside its mystical side in favor of political realities . He is also persecuted by the government suspicious of the power of miracles on the people . The film shows his numerous clashes with both the Church and the government from different angles . Soon Padre Mario finds himself exiled into the countryside where he bends his energies into slowly building his chapel and healing those who come to him . Meanwhile , a cancer victim who had been healed by him earlier , a woman named Perla , devotes her life to being his assistant , which adds to the scandal . A Platonic love quickly grows between them , one that sometimes tempts them both to go further , but they refrain . This mutual restraint makes for a sweet tension between them throughout the film that seems to further energize the power of love behind the healings.There 's a number of twists and turns in this film as Padre Mario attempts to get permission to perform Mass at his chapel from the Church who wants him to recant his miracles . They even send a spy , masquerading as a rebel priest , to monitor his doings . Meanwhile , Padre Mario , with single-minded purpose , tries to work through these obstacles while enduring declining health.There were a number of affecting and intriguing scenes when Padre Mario tried to explain his gift to skeptics and sometimes painfully , to himself , wondering why he was given this gift when he knew himself to be unworthy of it . In this -LRB- as throughout the whole film -RRB- , the actor Jorge Marrale was superb in conveying the whimsy , the love and the anguish of a miracle worker out of step with his times which no longer tolerated miracles . Marrale 's performance was stunning . I strongly recommend this film .
 I really loved this because it was stripped down and REAL . None of the huge celebs in it had on make-up or wore flashy clothes . It was just them and there were tons of them . Diana Ross , Phoebe Snow , Bernadette Peters , Patti LaBelle , Eartha Kitt , Bebe Buell , Spike Lee , Dionne Warwick , Nile Rodgers , Sopranos cast , Little Steven , Joel Grey - you get the drift ! It was packed with wonderful , unique celebs who obviously loved NYC and wanted to be there to support the victims of 911 . This was taped only ten days after the attacks and it was very fresh on the minds of those who participated . I loved the interviews with the various stars as well as the footage of them creating the `` new '' version of `` We Are Family '' . Something that everyone should have - not only for the wonderful spirit it embodies but for the cause as well .
 We Are Family is a documentary film directed by Danny Schechter , which chronicled the recording of the `` We Are Family '' benefit single and the after-effects of the September 11 tragedy . The single raised money for the We Are Family Foundation Fund , which was established to help the victims of September 11 , as well as to raise money for organizations that promote tolerance . The documentary runs about an hour in length , and covers
 I wont go into what the movie is about because obviously you have read the other reviews and or have seen the movie itself . Six women , down into the depth of the earth . Now I am a big horror fan in my own right . I like movies that can take cliches and rework them into something interesting and phasing . This movie is one of those kind of movies . Then again , this is being shown to us by the same people who brought us Saw and Hostel -- two sets of films I really do n't care for because I go to a movie to be scared , not to watch torture scenes that I 'm well aware of after studying such incidents as the Holocaust . But I digress . What I like about this movie is that , unlike Cave , this movie really does make you feel claustrophobic . You really do think you are down there , with the women , at least as private observers , and that what they feel you feel . Fear . Uncertainty . Anger . Distrust . I have to give the women of this film high marks . They knew how to take six women characters and really build upon them better than you would tend to think -LRB- I mean really , it seems that in most horror movies women are running around screaming blah blah blah , but in this film , they know how to fight back against each other and the monsters -RRB- . The violence is visceral and nasty , but realistic and coordinated . The monsters , whatever they were , were mean and unnameable . I will be intrigued to see how this film will look when it comes out on DVD and , like so many movies , will be unrated . If you have a day off I would suggest to go out and see this film .
 I love the excitement of seeing a movie the day it opens , there has been some advance buzz about `` the descent '' but not much , at least not what I 've heard . several friends gather together and go `` spelunking '' -LSB- caving -RSB- and take a wrong turn into unchartered territory , after a cave-in their skills are tested often and there is real tension navigating through the series of twists and turns in the cave . but the real trouble begins when the girls meet up with human-hybrid creatures -LSB- crawlers -RSB- that are blind and move about using sound similar to a bat . the creatures are n't interested in breeding , they 're looking for a meal . the girls get seperated after their first encounter with the `` crawlers '' , so the confusion caused by their seperation forces them to fend for themselves and summon resources they thought they did n't have . `` the descent '' is very gory and gruesome , so if you have a weak stomach this is not for you.the caving exploration they take is meant to bring them together after one of the girls suffers a horrible tragedy . the cast was all female which was a nice change of pace from the usual all male crew we 're used to seeing . of course in the process of battling the creatures , they become warriors and even resort to turning on each other during the savagery they have to endure . the end of the movie is a legacy of the movie `` carrie '' , got ta leave 'em with one more shock , that I thought was completely unnecessary . but `` the descent '' is one of the better horror offerings I 've seen recently after too many lame and predictable horror movies in the last few years . hopefully when `` the descent '' is released on dvd it will include the ending from the european theatrical version . an alternate ending that is much superior and shocking than the american version .
 At the risk of repeating what all the other reviewers have stated , let me just say that this was as finely crafted a scarfest since the first Alien film . Writer/Director Neil Marshall is to be commended for creating a first rate horror film that , for once , does n't rely on all the hacneyed tricks and CGI effects that have come down the pike in the last several years as well as utilizing cast of unknowns who also ca n't act to save their lives . This cast of unknowns are all good actors and handle their roles admirably . The score by David Julyan is the perfect accompaniment to Marshall 's film and the cinematography and editing by Sam McCurdy and Jon Harris respectively combine to make this the true jewel of horror films.I normally do n't purchase films of this ilk but after renting the film and getting the bejesus scared out of me I just had to own a copy . I would therefore recommend this film to anyone who enjoy their shocks and frights at high octane levels .
 Great movie , but why there is only a full screen version ?
 I am an `` older '' horror movie fan -- not into slasherfilms and teenage girls in skimpy outfits running amok.Being a child of the 50 's and 60 's , it 's hard to finda really classy horror movie these days . Well , `` TheDescent '' fits the bill . My daughter and I both hadsore jaws after the film ended -- from all the tensionthat traveled thru that screen and into our seats!This is a first-class fright film with a solid storyand strong female characters -- all of whom have theirfears and `` baggage '' coming along with them on thishellish trip . The `` feel '' of the cave and the tensionbetween some of the women -- and the fear/trapped feelingof the film is enough . You hardly even need the additionof the slimy humanoid occupants of this cave . It 's avisceral experience to see this piece of horror-dom . Bloody-to-be-sure , but it 's all in keeping with thecontext of the story . If you have been waiting for atop-notch horror film , SEE THIS MOVIE !!
 Just when you thought you had seen them all . Evil Dead , Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Aliens , Halloween , Nightmare on Elm Street , Ring and now The Decent . Make no mistake about it ... this horror is a bone-afide fully-fledged masterpiece that will have you on the edge of your seat well into the end credits . A group of six female buddies fronted by Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- reunite to pit themselves against a forest cave only to stumble upon something exceptionally horrific , after they find themselves trapped following a rock fall . Deep underground their friendship worsens as they undergo a frantic struggle to survive . Part action , mostly horror , The Decent gets you right in there with the claustrophobia , crawling through tight spaces to suddenly unleash a bloodbath of absolute horror . When the screaming starts it does not stop and although there are many moments that I would love to review I would be doing you a great disservice to spoil any of it for you , including what is down in the caves . Take my word for it . When things get going this is the white knuckle ride you have been longing for . It is thoroughly violent and extremely upsetting for the sum of its fiendish parts . Just go watch it alone in the dark and then watch it again with your friends . You will be glad that you did . And calling this a Horror Cult Gem , means exactly what it says . This one is a keeper that can sit quite comfortably next to the best that are out there ... and then some more . Do n't even read past this review . Do n't try and find any spoilers . Do n't even bother with the trailer . Just BUY IT , watch it and give thanks to the director for reviving the horror genre with it .
 Upon first seeing The Descent at the cinema I was expecting just another Horror type movie with little substance and character development . Although I head read a couple of reviews stating that it was well worth my time to watch it neither myself or my friends were expecting the gift we were about to receive.I can honestly say that The Descent was both mine and my friends favourite movie of 06 . After the cinema viewing we immediately decided that its a must have for the collection . Being in Australia I could n't wait for the DVD release , hence the purchase from Amazon . The DVD transfer is top notch , with some reasonable extra features , but the box it comes in is great!Stop wasting time and check this movie out !
 The Descent is a fantastic horror film ... great acting , greatcinemotography and great story . It all worked very well for me ... This film made me jump and cringe like no other horror film ever has . I was on edge the whole time ! ... True fans of the horror genre will add this to their collection as it is probably the best horror film released in the last twenty years .
 I have been sorely disappointed by the horror films produced in the last few years . Saw got old for me after the first installment . Too many are imitations of foreign horror films that harp on the theme of evil children . This film starts out slowly , letting the characters be introduced so the viewer can develop empathy for them . Then it tosses them into the -LRB- almost literal -RRB- meat grinder where they face monsters both inside and outside of themselves . It is rare to find a horror film that is actually horrifying , but this one hits on many levels . The director , cinematographers , editors , and cast made this tightly written story shine .
 To be honest , I have no idea what gravitated me towards the Descent . I think it was because word of mouth was very kind to the film and someone mentioned that `` this is what the Cave was n't
 So many movies in this genre leave you wanting more . This movie was almost perfect . Believable acting , good story and a great flow that never leaves you bored . If you rewrite or possibly even omit the very last scene of the movie , it would be perfect . Like most horror movies they had to put that ignorant `` twist '' or what ever you want to call it at the very end . It was just to good to need it and sadly it cheapens the experience . Overall , I highly recommend it and would say the last sequence is the only reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars .
 I have a really tough time finding a horror flick that is n't totally ridiculous , but this kept me on the edge of my seat . I was afraid the creatures would be too goofy for me , but they were ` human ' enough to keep it creepy . I 'll watch it again .
 A love a good thriller/horror this was definate pretty awesome and different then any movie i 've seen , there were some cheesy moments but overall badass -LRB- especially since the protaganist/hero/heroine whatever was female -RRB- I wanted to see it bc it was on VH1s list of 20 best horror films .
 The same as Descent 2 ! It was great , scary , kept me right on the edge of my seat , and I thought it was well done . The scenery and sets were also great !
 The Descent is an exciting Sci-fi and horror film with a twist . A group of women climbers decide to explore a cave because they believe no one has ever explored it before . They end up getting trapped , strange things start happening and before they know it they are running for their lives against a bunch of bloodthirsty creatures aching to have the ladies for lunch.The movie starts off slow with back story that I did n't believe fit . It 's kind of like you 're watching two different movies . It took a bit too long to get to the scenes in the cave but when they began I could n't turn away.The acting was good and I enjoyed the characters though none of the ladies was very memorable . I had a hard time remembering half of their names but in this type of movie you 're not really watching for the characters anyway.I honestly thought the film was better before the creatures popped up . My heart was beating from anticipation just from seeing if they could get out of the cave . So I really do n't believe the creatures were necessary . The movie was just as gripping without them.But I get that this was a horror and the film did its job . I would n't say it was scary but definitely tense and exciting.Enjoyed it .
 While the movie is gory it also has a lot of psychological suspense as well . I love that it is an all female cast , that they are shown as strong and able to be bad ass . They also have flaws that are realistic and not stereotypical .
 Great movie for those who like horror , strong female characters , and adventure . Descent 2 not so great . A must have movie for your library .
 Not only was it a great scare for our Halloween movie scareathon , it was a great bargain and in excellent condition . Thank you
 This is a great horror flick from believe around 2005 well worth checking out so castrophobic and non stop suspense in second half keep you on edge seat may even need to pause as good as The Exorcist must see again an again to get full feel of movie ok .
 I am not into watching body parts being tortured and cut up , so I do n't have much of an appetite for shows like Hostel and Saw . I do love horror films that plays tricks on the mind and it 's scary when I watch a movie like The Descent when all these women are stuck in a cave and trying to figure what the hell is hiding in the dark , and off course by the time they realized that it was a bad idea to be exploring such an unknown cave , it was too late.The cast is relatively unknown , but they are all good in their parts . The story is creepy and the atmosphere is creepier . The `` crawlers/creatures '' are even creepier , if you can imagine Gollum -LRB- L.O.T.R. -RRB- making a cameo in a low-budget horror film . Yes , the cave is very real , dark , slimey , wet , and bloody , and I almost believed it was shot in a real cave until I saw the special features . Impressive prosthetics makeups and set dec. . If you think The Blair Witch project was a ripeoff , then you would appreciate something of higher production value on dealing with unknown monsters in an unescapable situation . I found myself so drawn to it that I did feel kind of stuck just like the characters , maybe it 's because I am very afraid of dark caves and underwater themed stories . I wished there was an alternate ending to this film that did n't quite satisfy my at the end . Just check it out and you 'll know what I mean ...
 Or the past 10 years for that matter.Whatever you do , watch the film with the original U.K. ending . Explains much more!Short description with various spoilers ahead ... Girlfriend adventures take a turn for the worse ... . It 's all fun 'n games until you 're being chased , and eaten alive by wall crawling monsters !!! End of spoilers.Watch this movie in the dark , by yourself , or with loved ones . I guarantee everyone will crap themselves.Its not everyday or year that a horror film of this caliber is released.Bravo to Lionsgate -LRB- pioneers in the horror field -RRB- , and to Neil Marshall who has cemented himself as a master of horror his second time out.Cheers !
 Loved the film - the two women with me were terrified the entire movie . It does keep you on the edge of your seat . Its a bit of Alien and Pitch Black mixed together . However I had hoped there would be less gore and blood , as I think those effects detract from the scariness of the film . Personally I like movies that let your imagination wander rather than telling you what to think . Overall its a good film though if you are looking for a horror movie to watch .
 This movie had horror , gore , terror you name it ... if a movie can make you jump more than 3 times and your the type of person that likes horror movies and you rarely jump during a movie then this movie is worth seeing . . some people might say its your typical horror BUT YOU KNOW WHAT it might be typical but its a good typical movie and they did a good job more than i can say for the type of horrors they have been releasing lately this year
 WHEN THE MOVIE STARTED I WAS NOT SURE ABOUT WHAT EXACTLY WAS THE PLOT ABOUT , AND THAT REALLY WORKED GOOD FOR ME . AFTER A VERY SHOCKING SCENE OF AN ACCIDENT , SIX WOMEN DECIDED TO EXPLORE A CAVE AND THEY FIND WHAT TRUE HORROR IS . I WAS SHOCKED AND STUCK TO MY SIT FROM THE BEGINNING TILL THE END OF THE MOVIE . THIS MOVIE IS SO GOOD AND WELL DONE , DIRECTED AND EDITED . VISUAL EFFECTS ARE OUTSTANDING . I WO N'T TELL ANYTHING ELSE TO AVOID TO SPOIL IT WHEN YOU WATCH IT . BUT TRUST ME , THIS MOVIES IS SO GOOD THAT NOW , I WILL FOLLOW CLOSER ALL WORKS BY DIRECTOR NEIL MARSHALL . SOMETHING YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THAT THE MOVIE HAS WON 3 IMPORTANT AWARDS ,1 - British Independent Film Award `` Best Director
 The Descent delivers in all areas that a great horror movie should it has more scares than Alien , The Exorcist and The Shining combined incredible gore effects and hot chicks the last time i saw a horror movie that had this much impact on me was Day Of The Dead so i hold this film in very high regard , without a doubt it is the best horror movie of 2006 considering that 2006 has been an awesome year for horror.if you 're a real horror fan then you should have this in your collection
 At first look , this movie would seem like a rip off of The Cave , and does have a similar concept , but much better done . It 's not often that a movie grabs your attention within the first 5 minutes , but this one does and keeps it until the end . Lots of things popping out should keep you guessing . It 's a nice addition to the horror genre and dances circles around it 's U.S. counterpart .
 I love this movie . One of the first truly gripping , edge-of-your-seat , `` do n't go in there ... '' movies in a long time . It 's also nice to see a movie with substance and subtext that 's also scary . No shortage of `` uh-ohs '' in the film without being spoon-fed `` and here 's what that means to the story '' the way Hollywood has taken to doing over the past forty or so years . I 'm not saying it 's the perfect movie , but it stands out in the FX-driven , gore-for-gore 's sake genre today .
 I liked this even better than Dog Soliders , which was a very good horror flick too . A group of woman go exploring in a cave with dire results . The characters are interesting and you care about even before they go into the cave . A must for horror fans .
 The Descent did n't actually scare me , but it came closer than any film I 've seen . The claustrophobic angles and dark , nearly pitch black lighting really gave it an effect I have n't seen since Pitch Black . The creatures were well done and nearly believable , and quite frightening . I would hate to be in the caves with them . Since this was a horror/thriller , the story was n't expected to be very dense , and the characters were n't expected to be atypical , and this is usually the fault with this genre . If you want to terrify the audience , you need to identify with the victims and get to care for them . In this film we 're just barely introduced to them enough to get to know their stereotype . But all of this does n't matter when they enter the cave system and we see the beautiful underworld . This cave has never been mapped , so this is the greatest adventure these spelunkers could hope for , until the crawlspaces collapse behind them . With no way back , they move onward looking for an exit when the dark , confined spaces start to take a toll on their minds . But being stuck under the earth is the least of their worries . I really liked how well the film was made , and how complex the story got once the action got started . I said early we did n't expect the people to be atypical , but they really developed under the pressures of darkness , flight and survival .
 There is not much to say about this movie . It is creepy and scary . If you liked Wrong Turn , you will love this movie .
 _ The Descent _ is a movie featuring some very tough girls . Athletic , young , strong , mentally tough , and brave . When the going gets tough they meet the challenge and there is very little whining . Even when it comes time to die they face it bravely . In today 's largely sedentary society where people are more concerned about political correctness than survival you are n't likely to meet many women -LRB- or men ! -RRB- like this . But , one can always hope that there are still a few out there .
 this was a great show i would buy it for a gift any time
 This is a great movie for the horror film buff . Not only does it provide the viewer with the guts , gore , and blood that we all love , but it also explores real fears , such as clostrophobia , lonliness , and betrayal . The movie does a good job of making the monsters seem somewhat human and the viewer almost feels a sense of sorrow for the creatures , who are unable to see , but have evolved a keen sense of hearing in their underground caveworld . The ending is n't a typical horror film ending , where the heroine makes it out alive . That , alone , makes the movie worth watching . I believe this one was definitely worth money .
 It 's actually just fate that i stembled across this film because i wanted the best seats in the house and War of the Worlds did n't have them . So we decided to see The Decent instead . Now i may be a girl but horror films hardly ever scare me but i have to say this film actually made me jump s meny times . Before this movie the Grudge maybe made me jump twice but this movie made me jump alot more.The story line is not bad it 's got the basic story line of pretty much all cave horror movies Some people go into a cave , there are monsters in the cave and they kill the people . Although it 's just incredible how they film it and the monsters actally look like something that could be real if people lived in a cave for 1000s of years of course . This is also one of the only movies that is a full women cast , except the monsters who are defently male , well their is like one female showen but tha 's not my point . The women fight really hard to stay alive and are scared to death all the time with limited supplys.All in all ifyou love horror flicks and chicks with picks then you have to get this movie it 's awsome !
 After reading and hearing the exorbitant amount of hype for The Descent I was sure I was going to be disappointed but surprise surprise I was anything but.As another reviewer has posted , this movie is not reinventing the wheel but rather , it does a great job of displaying the wheel in a different and refreshing way ... for example : Although the actresses are not exactly going to be nominated for an academy award this is the first `` horror '' movie I can remember in a long time where they and their actions are fairly believable and not once during the movie did I say to myself / yell at the screen `` dont do that ! what are you thinking idiot !?! '' -LRB- like gee I dunno just about every horror movie made in the last 5 years including the garbage , mindless gore flicks exploiting the success of the overhyped SAW -RRB- The acting is solid for the most part , which is also a huge positive characteristic of the film since there are no `` big stars '' to anchor the film - which is completely attributal to a solid script , storyline , and character development / representation . There is at least one actress whose character seems a bit cheesey and exagerated as some sort of adrenaline junky but then again I used to skydive so Im used to cheesey stereotypes of `` thrill-seekers '' , or whatever that is supposed to mean.Another favorable attribute of the film , at least to myself , is that there is no happy , low-risk-cheesey-gutless-Hollywood-ending . The people responsible for creating this film have guts.Lots of typical horror movie cliches to satisfy fans of the genre - atmospheric and creepy colored lighting and intelligent use of the dark , roller coaster tension rides , impressive score , and what appears to be somehwat of a homage to the Shining -LRB- or not -RRB- in some of the heli shot environmnet scenes in the begining with similar foreboding music.I know many modern horror fans out there like the gore and blood but I was actually turned off by the amount which I felt dumbed down the film -LRB- I only had the option of watching the unrated -RRB- but then again I was raised on Halloween , The Shining , Jaws , a little of Friday the 13th , the Excorcist , etc. back in the day.Im not sure if this film will translate to broader success outside of the horror fanbase as I still think there is too much gore for something along the lines of a film like Aliens to become a hybrid hit but fans of the genre should eagerly attempt to see this film .
 After reading the tons of glowing reviews , I picked up this DVD . Overall , The Descent is a good , solid slasher film . I think the reviews here overstate how good this movie is . A five star movie this is most certainly not . I enjoyed it , but did not find it particularly scary . The movie is slow to develop and the climactic last 30-40 minutes are a lot more about blood and gore than fright . Some of the reviewers here are comparing this to Alien , which is a joke . This movie is good , but not nearly in that category if you are looking for good scares .
 Lion 's Gate will be remembered by history as the film studio that made detailed on-screen torture a horror genre staple , as well as educating a generation of American serial killers in the most efficient way to extract an eyeball from a living victim 's face.Politics aside , their choice to release Neil Marshall 's brilliant film in the US is an uncharacteristic move of good taste on their parts . But it does explain the unfortunate billing the film received in the television adverts . -LRB- `` If you liked Saw , you 'll love the Descent ! '' -RRB- Maybe so , maybe not . But the two films do n't belong in the same genre.The Descent approaches the `` Night of the Living Dead '' style of trapped victim horror movies with several fresh ideas :1 . -RRB- All the main cast are female , including many roles that are usually filled by men .2 . -RRB- The environment itself -LRB- the cave -RRB- is as much a villain as the monsters .3 . -RRB- The monsters themselves are n't necessarily evil . They start out afraid and curious of the women , until one of the women kills a monster.It is not a slasher flick . In fact , the low budget aspect of it all brings the focus far more onto the terror than onto the mutilation.Many of the scariest parts of this movie touch on some fairly primal fears -LRB- car accidents , claustrophobia , being eaten alive -RRB- , but oddly enough , it 's all done more with the audience 's imagination than with graphic demonstration -LRB- the sign of a good director -RRB- . As for the unedited ending , I do n't think it makes much of a difference either way . I saw the UK version first .
 First of all , this is definitely one of the better horror movies to come out in years . Horror movies lately just seem redundant and extremely unoriginal ; TCM
 It has been a long time since I 've seen a `` Horror '' flick that I truely enjoyed ... and this finally was one . True some of the gore was pretty bad -LRB- both gross bad , and unrealistic `` 70 's slasher '' bad at different points -RRB- but I really enjoyed this movie . Even the cheap scares were not at places where I expected them , and they did n't take up the majority of the movie . I loved the opening giving the background of the women , letting us peak into their lives and get to know them just enough to care about them once they get down there . It also gives the set up for the internet war over what really happened -LRB- SORT OF A SPOILER - were the monsters real or a figment of an insane party member 's depraved mind ? -RRB- . My husband and I watched this while cleaning the house and I must admit ... we both found ourselves standing about 3 feet from the TV just holding our cleaning supplies and watching . We eventually gave up on the cleaning until after the movie ended since it enthralled us both so much . I loved the group dynamic , and to have a horror film with excellent , realistic acting is a rarity . I LOVED it . The feel was similar to the original Alien in that it was dark , clautrophobic , and very tense . The fact that the cast members did not simply scream and give in to their grusome deaths made it even better . It 's nice to see people fighting back when their lives are on the line . Is this film an academy award winner ? No ... but it IS a good solid horror film with excellent acting , a few good jumps , a creepy feel , a believable -LRB- monsters not included -RRB- plot , and realistic dialogue that though often funny , never sacrifices it 's integrity for a laugh . I would recommend this film to just about everyone ... infact I already have recommended it to several people .
 I 've noticed several people who offered poor reviews on this film , and really gave little indication as to why . I can only imagine that they did not see what I saw when I watched `` The Descent '' for the first time . For everyone else who has n't seen this film yet , I would like to contribute three suggestions to ensure a more enjoyable viewing experience.Suggestion one , if you have a short attention span , do n't watch this movie ! Go watch Saw , or some other fast-paced hack & slash that wo n't make you have to think much or feel for the characters . This movie 's strength lies in strong character development , and gradual progression of suspense that takes up a good half of the film.Suggestion two , watch this movie ALONE ... no friends or buddies you can pretend to be cool around by calling something lame , cheesy , or predictable . Yes , this movie has some cliche moments , but you should hardly be able to notice it if you are as fully immersed in the macabre and tense atmosphere of these dreaded caves as I was.Lastly , and perhaps most importantly , use your imagination . Of course , with certain very graphic scenes , you will need to leave little to the imagination , but particularly in the first half of the movie where not much in the way of action really happens , the viewing experience hinges on YOU , the viewer . Try to really immerse yourself into the state of mind of the characters and see yourself in their world , not as some distant , impervious third party . Let down your guard a bit , and you will be surprised at what you may find . The effectiveness of this movie relies on its believability , and as you descend into this forbidding cave with these girls as your only companions , and you somehow do not feel , at least in part , their edginess , claustrophobia , despair , and pain , you will never truly appreciate their experience . Try to place yourself in the darkness , faced with having to crawl through a space barely wider than the span of your shoulders , hardly able to breath or move , and fully aware that the thousands of tons of rock above you may collapse at any moment ... all this aside from the hungry , gut-ripping monsters that come onto the scene later ! This is the state of mind you will need in order to truly appreciate what this movie has in store . Enjoy !!
 What `` Star Wars '' did for space-oriented special effects and the documentary `` Winged Migration '' did for aerial cinematography , `` The Descent '' does for the whole world of the subterranean . Taking place largely in underground caves and tunnels , that whole exotic , dangerous , world is captured in all its rocky beauty . And then , having established itself as a bona fide landmark in the craft of capturing this kind of envirornment , it injects into it a relentless horror as some of the most ghastly and yet believable monsters in moviedom begin to stalk the six spelunkers who 've come exploring these seldom-seen-by-human-eyes tunnels and caverns.The six friends meet periodically for this kind of adventure , and in this case it 's the first time in a while they 've all been together , with the spectre of a tragic accident that occured during a white-water trek the previous year still hanging over them . Hidden tensions begin to crop up once underground , once the tunnels turn out to be more treacherous than counted on , and they 're already deep and off course when some of the members of the expedition begin to suspect that they 're not alone down there . Their fears are dismissed as claustrophobic delusions by other members of the group as the passages get tighter , the chasms more difficult to cross . As they try to progress , clear evidence of past explorers in these inaccessible tunnels is found , and the fear of something as yet unseen begins to increase.Gorgeously shot - with many scenes lit only by the red light of flares - and featuring universally fine performances and outstanding special effects , The Descent goes on to be even more than the sum of its parts , and is one of the best horror movies of the last few years . A must-see .
 I love horror/thriller movies but rarely ever get frightened from them . This movie was great . I was genuinely scared . I think that this movie has the best `` monsters '' in a long time . Definitely getting it for my dvd collection .
 This is a great horror movie , and it 's great in Blu-ray . But do make sure that your machine has the latest firmware update . The movie would not play on my Samsung BDP-1000 prior to update , but it did afterwards . This is the ultimate `` guy '' movie which is ironic since all the characters are women . And good-looking ones at that . Superb acting , great music , and no small amount of human vs creature violence . It 's the girl humans against the boy creatures . Heavy losses are sustained on both sides . Buckets of blood . Some small problems with the storyline , but still a great movie .
 The Descent is the first ever Chick Flick horror movie ! The acting in this film is amazing , so natural and completely excellent . This is the most claustraphobic movie I have ever seen . The element of being trapped in this labarynth of dark tunnels and caves 2 miles below the earth 's surface -LRB- and there might not be a way out -RRB- is enough to keep you on a razor blade 's edge the whole time ! I do n't want to say too much more than that about the story incase you have not seen this movie , except ... They are not alone down there ! This movie is so engaging , so realistic , you feel like one of the unfortunate team members struggling to escape this maze of shear terror ! PQ is excellent in these dark scenes , Colors are amazing , blacks are solid in most cases . Impressive . SQ is detailed and very dynamic when called upon . Very Impressive . If you are a horror fan or love intense thrills , this is a must buy . The re-watchability factor never gets old on this movie . The thrills and chills are fresh everytime . Highly recommended ! If you enjoy a good scare , this IS it ! 5 stars all the way !
 this movie is one of the best . i loved it . it goes to show that what you ca n't see is what you fear the most , but man even when they do find out what 's lurking around down there , it 's unexplainable . the creatures are made out to look freakish , good job . a few friends going to have a good time , then they get lost , they panic , the get claustrophobic , and there seems to be no way out . lights running out , supplies is low , but that 's the least of their worries . when they scream real loud what they 'll be calling is their deaths . it 's a fight for survival . the ending was not a happy one , but it is n't always so i thought that closing was a good one . great job with the suspense , the screams , and the gore . nicely done . standing ovation for giving us a tour of the darkest corners of hell with this film .
 Loved this movie ! I wish they had kept it with the unknown , unknown . Once the creatures -LRB- call them whatever -RRB- are shown , it kinda loses it 's oomph ! Still I loved it .
 The best and scariest scene in this movie is midway through when the lead character gets stuck in one of the cave 's tunnels . Her acting here is very good . I felt just like she did ... like she was running out of air and was going to die there . The director successfully captured the panicky feeling of claustrophobic.The story is interesting -LRB- it deals with both betrayal and big egos -RRB- and really did n't need any cave creatures , IMO . However , the cave creatures will appease those who crave gore -LRB- when these creatures attack , they attack ferociously -RRB- and for those who crave fast-paced action -LRB- when these creatures attack , they attack quickly and move fast -RRB- . I like that these are strong women fighting in this movie . When the creatures attack , these women fight back hard.What I did n't like about this movie was both the beginning and the ending.Although the very first scene is shocking , after that scene , it takes a long time before anything interesting happens . And there 's no feeling of completion at the end . The ending is really up to you , I guess.Another problem was that because the cave is dark , it 's hard to tell who is who ... especially since two of the characters have straight blonde hair.But other than that , a very entertaining and scary movie .
 THE DESCENT is a great horror flick ... . it has more thrills than the SAW franchise and more shock than most of the ghost stories out today ... 6 women go on a trip to go cave dwelling in an `` unknown '' cave and are shut in ... little do they know that there are creatures creepin round the cave while trying to get out the dark ... yes the movie is REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLY slow in the beginning and does take an hour to get to the creatures but it is worth the wait ... the only thing that im confused about is the ending ... i went to see this movie in the theaters and the end was totally different from the DVD version ... . i dont wan na give the movie away but if your a fan of the movie please let me kno whats going on ... anywayz this movie satisfys my horror craving and i recommended this movie to all my friends and they love it ... . i think the after affect of this movie will have a better impact ... 4.9 stars out of 5 ... . just the boring beginning and the confusing ending ...
 An unusual premise/setting -LRB- cave exploring -RRB- , a somewhat offbeat mix of characters -LRB- a group of women friends getting away for a weekend -RRB- , tense direction , and some genuinely terrifying monsters make for a pretty decent horror film , and one that does n't feel like a thousand others . Small downsides
 Too many mainstream american horror films , I 've discovered over the last few years , seem to suffer from a severe lack of character development and by-the-numbers predictability . It truly amazes me to therefore read so many negative reviews that accuse Neil Marshall of the same pratfalls when , in all honesty , he has crafted a film that so very clearly goes against the shopworn grain.When I initially caught `` The Descent '' two years ago in Los Angeles , I was immediately enamored by the straightforwardly grim approach to the material . There was , much to my immediate relief , no unnecessary humor , cheesy one-liners , or MTV Top-40 soundtrack to be found anywhere . And the characters , contrary to some rather recent and incredibly erroneous claims , were not underdeveloped . Marshall fleshed each of these six women out just well enough to make me want to invest in their fates . I bought into their interpersonal relationships and I think that , along with the admittedly unapologetic bloodshed that was called for within the screenplay , actually helped elevate this film to a higher echelon.When I consider the watered-down PG-13 dreck , such as the fairly new `` Prom Night '' remake , that Hollywood lately seems to revel in cranking out assembly-line style , it makes savoring rare diamonds-in-the-rough like `` The Descent '' all the more enjoyable . This is a horror film that truly deserves to be called horror . It 's easily light years ahead of `` The Cave '' and every other similarly themed rip-off that found its way to a movie screen that year .
 Length :
 Though it has been out for a while now , I 've put off seeing The Descent for unknown reasons , despite hearing such great things about it . Well , now that I 've finally gotten around to seeing Neil Marshall 's -LRB- Dog Soldiers , the upcoming Doomsday -RRB- bloody and incredibly frightening flick , and let me tell you , believe every bit of the hype that has surrounded it . The story involves six female friends , going on their annual battle against nature by spelunking in a remote cave in the Appalachian mountains . Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- had lost her husband and daughter the year before , and her survivalist friend Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- harbors a secret . After they get cut off underground , they all soon discover that they are n't alone , and are being hunted by crawling , nocturnal fiends . While the film does n't sound all that promising from reading its premise alone , The Descent ends up being one of the best pure and original horror films in the last few years . Marshall creates an incredibly claustrophobic atmosphere , while pouring on the shocks and gore to boot . The acting is great , and the film 's climax and final images nearly elevate it above its horror roots . All in all , I 'm sorry that I missed out on The Decent for as long as I did , and if you have too and have been craving a smart , original horror film that just is n't another torture fest , then you need to check out The Descent ASAP .
 Talk about a reason to never leave your house . Heck , a reason to never leave your bedroom . This movie makes me feel claustrophobic , and I hate feeling claustrophobic . So what does that mean ? I love this movie . Most horror movies either make me laugh or entertain me in ways that 's almost like I was watching an episode of Barney , but this one is different . It seemed realistic . Not that there 's probably something Gollum-like rolling around in your local cave , but the idea of cave exploring does n't sound completely far-fetched , or like something you could never go out and experience . Losing your equipment while exploring ? Possible . A tiny earthquake that was enough to shift rocks and block an entrance ? Ditto . It was n't as though there was some spaceship flying around in the cave snatching up the hooks and equipment needed to make it from one end of the cave to the other.The HOLY CRAP SHOCK moments are completely realistic and really do leave you feeling HOLY CRAP SHOCK . I loved the gore , too . There 's nothing better than Gollum taking bites out of your body , or people falling from ledges and breaking bones . I suppose it also helps that none of these ladies were really super well known , so it was n't all `` hey , look at that 50-time Oscar winner climbing rocks ! '' Check it out , especially for Halloween!Also , even though the difference is slight , I love and prefer the unrated version .
 Truth be told , I should probably give this film only four stars because it does take a while to really get going and I think some of the story elements could have been presented more effectively . When this thing gets going , though , The Descent easily attains not-to-be-missed status , and on top of all the incredible special effects , oppressive atmosphere , and grievous bloodletting -LRB- made with a pretty limited budget , by the way -RRB- , one of the most important plot points of the story is actually brought home in an impressively subtle manner . Are you kidding me ? Blood , gore , a claustrophobic atmosphere like you would n't believe - and subtlety ? How could I not give The Descent five stars?So you 've got these young British women who like to get together once a year and engage in some sort of risky , extreme activity . White water rafting , for example . Everyone has fun , but then a horrible automobile accident changes the life of one of the women , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , forever . Still recovering from her terrible loss , Sarah joins her friend Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- in America , where mutual friend Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- , an Alpha Female if there ever was one , has staked out a cave system just begging to be explored . Joining in the fun are Holly -LRB- Nora-Jane Noone -RRB- , Juno 's new gung-ho sidekick , and a couple of sisters who round out the spelunking sextet.The movie drags a good bit as we sit and watch the girls arrive at their destination in the Appalachians -LRB- apparently somewhere in the North Carolina mountains - although the movie was filmed entirely in the UK -RRB- , then do their bonding thing the night before the big adventure . Once they descend into the cave system , though , things start getting more intense fairly quickly . Their first real move down into the complex of cave structures turns into quite a tight and claustrophobic ordeal , especially for Sarah who gets stuck and is barely pulled to safety before the tunnel collapses . That 's when Juno , a woman with more than her fair share of secrets , admits that she has led the girls into a cave system that has never been explored before , supposedly to help reunite the group . Well , it does just the opposite , but they just have to keep going . If there is a way out , they 're going to have to find it the hard way.Things are already creepy enough at this point . The filmmakers did an incredible job with the sets , making the viewer feel as if he/she is trapped in a real cave system with the characters . Just watching these girls pull their bodies through extremely tight , dark spaces was enough to get me feeling pretty darn claustrophobic . But the real fun was just about to begin . In the wake of one of the most realistic compound leg fracture scenes you 'll ever want to squirm through , Sarah spots the presence of someone or something else down there with them . No one believes her - at first . When the `` crawlers '' attack , though , all hell breaks loose two miles under ground . These Gollum-like creatures are some kind of blind , albino humanoids who hunt by sound , can scamper and climb like monkeys , move unbelievably quickly , and really tear into whatever flesh they can find . Not only are they frighteningly impressive in and of themselves , the filmmakers present them in the most effective of cinematic light . And when the girls fight back , it 's cinematic magic as the filmmakers hold nothing back in the creepy , bloody , gruesome department . And even as characters are fighting for their lives , a personal bombshell or two also drops to ratchet up the frenetic drama level even higher.The ending is a little controversial because American theatrical audiences did n't get to see the true final scene of the film , for some pretty questionable reasons . A few seconds can and do make a pretty big difference . Do n't worry , though , as the DVD has both endings available.The Descent draws deeply from the well of man 's most instinctual fears , making it one of the most atmospheric , heart-pounding movies to come along in quite a while . The subtlety of the story in terms of the relationship between Sarah and Juno is almost as impressive as the cinematography and sound work - and it even leaves room for an alternate explanation of everything that happens here . The Descent has everything you could ever ask for in a horror film - and plenty more on top of that . If you care the first thing about horror , you must see this atmospheric tour de force .
 I 'll come to the bottom line first and say that , overall , this is an excellent horror movie . The gist is that six women decide to take their yearly adventure spelunking in an Appalacian cave only their group leader decides to take them to an unexplored , unmapped cave rather than the `` cakewalk '' that they were expecting . Naturally a cave-in ensues and the women are trapped , trying to find their way out . As if that were n't bad enough , the cavern is home to a horde of hungry meat-eating humanoids -LRB- think Golem from LoTR , only not nearly so timid -RRB- . On the plus side of this movie , the actresses all do an excellent job and , if it were n't a horror movie , these performances likely would have all gotten attention from the Oscars and such -LRB- perhaps they did , I do n't watch the Oscars but I do n't remember hearing anything about this movie -RRB- . This is an odd horror movie in that character development really drives the movie rather than the plot -LRB- 28 Days Later is perhaps the movie that seemed to have a similar feel in that regard to my recollection -RRB- . This movie has some of the same problems too , as 28 Days Later , particularly regarding a relatively flimsy plot that requires some suspension of disbelief . The acting is so good that you wo n't likely notice it unless you think about it . For instance , the women , after being trapped , quickly realize that other humans have been down in the cave before them -LRB- they find a 100 year old pitton -RRB- . Although obviously these previous humans never made it out alive , the women at one point start following arrows the previous group had left behind -LRB- why would you follow the arrows left behind by another group who died in the cave ? -RRB- . The women also find some reasonably recent looking cave drawings that include a rhino -LRB- in the Appalacians ? -RRB- ... the humanoid monsters also present some significant logical problems . They 're plenty scary , but a little thought makes you wonder how they ever survived in that cavern . They 're blind , which makes sense , and apparently hunt using hearing . Although it seems their hearing is n't any better than humans . They apparently do n't use it to hone in on prey like bats -LRB- despite what one character suggests -RRB- since they do n't notice any of the women when they 're 2 feet away as long as the women remain quiet -LRB- apparently their hearing is not so good that they can hear breathing -RRB- . For the same reason it 's clear they do n't use sent , or apparently even notice when they 're touching a human -LRB- several of these scenes are added in for suspense but are cliche and only make the monsters look like idiots -RRB- . Despite sharp teeth and claws , the monsters also seem rather weak . Although the women in the movie are well built , the critters clearly have less strength than the women do , and it 's only the sheer number of monsters that make them a threat . And how tenatious they are . Apparently these critters never figure out that the women are pretty lethal and that easier prey could be had elsewhere.The other big negative of the movie is simply that , like any movie that takes place in the dark , it 's sometimes just hard to see what 's going on . Although this oppressive darkness is meant to add to the sense of claustrophobia , it ultimately makes for annoying viewing.That having been said , this movie is still a good viewing , and if you can suspent your disbelief a bit , does manage to be reasonably intense . But it 's the fine acting and production that makes the movie worth watching .
 You 've got a pretty tight group of girlfriends . You 're a pretty tough girl yourself . You do a lot of adventurous stuff that usually includes mostly just your girlfriends.After a year 's hiatus due to a terrible family tragedy , you decide it 's time to hook up with your girls and shake the bad memories on a spelunking outing.You head to a remote area of the Appalachian Mountains to some charted caves recommended by a spelunking guide , according to one of your group members . You embark with 6 friends into the caves from the highpoint in the mountain ... down ... down ... down through the bowels of the mountain in search of an exit at a lower point.Then two of a plethora of bad things happen . A tunnel that you came through is sealed off leaving you only one way to go ... down . And your partner reveals the reality that a guide did n't recommend the caves at all ; she thought it would make the excursion more adventurous in unexplored caves . There is no charted way out.Think that 's a problem ? How about shining your light down the next tunnel where you see an eerie human-ish looking figure crouched in the dark peering back at you?The Descent has chills . There 's high suspense . It goes without saying that there are good old fashioned jump-out-of-the-dark scares -LRB- they are in a cave ! -RRB- . No special effects needed here to generate excitement . The creatures are well designed and scary.The story flows very well . The acting is better than the average Horror flick . And Director Neil Marshall -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- keeps a better than average flow of twists and turns coming.Do indeed see it if you 're into the genre . The Descent is one of the movies on my Amazon Listmania List , `` 15 Flicks Guaranteed To Leave A Permanent Impression '' . Note
 I 'm not typically accustomed to going `` gaga '' over horror films . It 's not that I do n't like them , I love them -- but truth be told , it 's hard to find genuinely good ones . I 'm entertained by lots of the gory , splatter films that have recently dominated the box office . Usually , however , it 's a matter of accepting the limitations within these films and getting whatever enjoyment you can out of the scenarios . It 's been a very long time since I thought of a current horror movie as a 5 star event , so nothing could have surprised me more than `` The Descent . `` The preliminary setup is a good one . Our heroines begin to explore some unknown , uncharted cave systems and quickly become trapped . Now our ladies must use their resourcefulness and intelligence to try to get out . The dynamics start to play out between the women -- good and bad -- and a real fear for survival starts to set in . We are squarely in a man versus nature psychological thriller atmosphere . It recalls for me `` Open Water '' -- a film whose horror is about helplessness and being stranded , not about sharks.But just as soon as I was sure where I was headed , the rug was pulled out . The last third becomes a monstrously bloody battle for survival . It is so well choreographed , I was sucked in wholeheartedly . And far from being victims -- our heroines exhibit intelligence , brutality , resilience , loyalty and a real survival instinct . We 've got some real female empowerment going on ! For pure horror , this film goes out with a real bang.I was completely blindsided by this one . There 's a good screenplay , a credible backstory , appealing actresses , great cinematography and nice effects . `` The Descent '' may not be the `` best '' movie I see this year -- but as a pure adrenaline rush , I promise you it will be one of my favorites . KGHarris , 12/06 .
 Neil Marshall 's `` The Descent '' completely lives up to the hype ! It is one of the bloodiest horror films to ever play on the big screen for sure . It is the definition of claustrophobic & it is truly one of the most jump out of your seat scariest big screen horror flicks since Ridley Scott 's `` ALIEN '' . Just more proof that the great horror films & the great horror film Directors are comeing from the world of independent films . Even though the concept is n't so fresh it seems that everything else about it is . The cave creatures are brilliantly gruesome & realistic -LRB- great make up/efx -RRB- . Even with all the mostly dry & un-original remakes out there , the last 8-9 years has still produced some of the best horror films ever & `` The Descent '' is truly the final seal of approval that we horror movie fans will look back at the turn of the century as a great era in horror movie history let alone movie history in general . If I 'm Alive 20 years from now I will be so glad to say I saw this one in the theatre . A masterpiece ! *** UPDATE *** Coming from someone who saw the American theatre ending , IMO the original UK ending that comes with the widescreen unrated original cut is excellent & just as good if not better than the shortened American theatre version .
 When walking into the theater Friday night I had high expectations . This film has been hyped up by critics of all people as one of the scariest films in the past years and that to me says a lot . I 've been so disappointed lately with the slump in genuine horror films that I had all but given up in really finding a worthy scare ... that was until I heard about ` The Descent ' . Granted , there have been horror films of late that have proven to be watchable , to be intense and at times , yes even a little scary , but nothing that had my skin crawling . I wanted to feel trapped , helpless and alone . I can honestly say that throughout the majority of this film that is how I felt , even though the theater was packed and my brother was sitting right next to me . ` The Descent ' centers on a group of women who enjoy pushing themselves to the limit . The movie opens with three of them , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- and Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- rafting down some rapids while Sarah 's husband and daughter watch in amazement . These girls are fearless ... until tragedy strikes in the form of a freak accident that takes the life of Sarah 's family . A year later the three girls meet again for their yearly adventure , this time in the Appellation Mountains for some caving . They meet up with three other girls , sisters Sam -LRB- MyAnna Buring -RRB- and Rebecca -LRB- Saskia Mulder -RRB- and new addition Holly -LRB- Nora-Jane Noone -RRB- , all of whom we have a few minutes to get to know , and then they 're off . Juno is the leader of the group , she called the group together for their adventure and she serves as their guide . The only problem is she 's not much of a guide being that she does n't know the cave 's they enter.Soon after entering these unknown , uncharted and undiscovered caves the girls become trapped when their point of entry caves in . Without a map these girls have to find their way out , find another exit by burrowing deeper into the cave . This fills the viewer with a sense of claustrophobia that does n't go away until the credits role . The monsters have n't even shown up and you 're already on edge . Everything around these girls is foreign to them , is a potential danger . They are forced to push themselves as far as they can go , to the point of wanting to give up for everything looks helpless . The viewer is also forced to feel this way . I had what I wanted . I felt trapped as they did , I felt helpless as they did , and once the creatures show up , and in a rush of panic the girls separate ... I felt alone as they did.From the moment the crawlers show up the movie takes a frantic turn from increasingly creepy and atmospheric to intense and horrific as these girls fight to survive , let alone escape . As intentions are revealed between the girls it also makes things all the more horrifying for you do n't know who to trust . If you ca n't trust anyone then you truly are alone . The pace does n't let up once the creatures are on the screen , and your heart wo n't stop racing either . As some of the critics have pointed out , this is a truly horrific film with images that wo n't leave you anytime soon , and yes , while I was able to sleep alright and did n't toss and turn in fear I was haunted by what I saw . This is not a film for the squeamish , that 's a fact not an opinion . Neil Marshall did a brilliant job directing this film , giving it the raw edge that true horror films need , giving it not only jump scenes with blood and gore but building a layer , a foundation of fear before the first drop of blood is shed . And the actresses need to be commended for proving to be believable as well as likable , never ` over-acting ' but giving us the feel that this is really happening and that these women are really that petrified -LRB- as I 'm sure even the manliest of men would be in that given situation -RRB- . Amazing job all the way around without much of a single drawback.I do say ` without much ' and I only say that because of the ending . Now I 've seen the US version so I ca n't speak for the UK version that has a different ending I hear . The US ending , while not horrible , leaves you wondering what is really going on . I have my ideas , that of which I wo n't share so as not to spoil anything , but I will say that it reminded me a bit of the way I felt after watching ` The Ring ' . The only drawback to that film was that the ending did n't answer any of our questions , it just added to the confusion . I felt that way after watching ` The Descent ' ... confused ... but it 's not really enough to harp on . The movie does enough redeeming work BEFORE the ending that it 's easily forgiven .
 So this was a rather interesting film . I 'd say that it was probably one of the most enjoyable films that I 've seen in recent weeks . It provided an interesting location , mind-bending ending , and a unique cast of all females that react reasonably in the face of danger . What else really made the grade for this film?Plot
 You 've got a pretty tight group of girlfriends . You 're a pretty tough girl yourself . You do a lot of adventurous stuff that usually includes mostly just your girlfriends.After a year 's hiatus due to a terrible family tragedy , you decide it 's time to hook up with your girls and shake the bad memories on a spelunking outing.You head to a remote area of the Appalachian Mountains to some charted caves recommended by a spelunking guide , according to one of your group members . You embark with 6 friends into the caves from the highpoint in the mountain ... down ... down ... down through the bowels of the mountain in search of an exit at a lower point.Then two of a plethora of bad things happen . A tunnel that you came through is sealed off leaving you only one way to go ... down . And your partner reveals the reality that a guide did n't recommend the caves at all ; she thought it would make the excursion more adventurous in unexplored caves . There is no charted way out.Think that 's a problem ? How about shining your light down the next tunnel where you see an eerie human-ish looking figure crouched in the dark peering back at you?The Descent has chills . There 's high suspense . It goes without saying that there are good old fashioned jump-out-of-the-dark scares -LRB- they are in a cave ! -RRB- . No special effects needed here to generate excitement . The creatures are well designed and scary.The story flows very well . The acting is better than the average Horror flick . And Director Neil Marshall -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- keeps a better than average flow of twists and turns coming.Do indeed see it if you 're into the genre .
 Neil Marshall 's follow-up to his cult-favorite werewolf film , Dog Soldiers , has finally arrived in the US . The Descent does n't disappoint and I must say that Marshall 's filmmaking skills have dramatically improved since the last time he 's made and released a film . The Descent marks another notch on the resurgence of the horror genre 's return to its darker , meaner and exploitative past when filmmakers were n't shy about pushing the boundaries.The film begins with a tragedy that strikes at the heart of one of the women in the film . Sarah 's -LRB- played by Shauna MacDonald -RRB- tragic losses in the initial beginnings of the film becomes the emotional and psychological foundation that gives The Descent its emotional heft . It turns Marshall 's film from just your typical survival-horror film into one about interesting female group dynamics and the measures people would take in order to survive . The rest of the cast appear pretty quickly . There 's Sarah 's friend Beth -LRB- played by Alex Reid -RRB- who accompanies Sarah to the US at the invitation of their American friend Juno -LRB- played by the hot Natalie Mendoza -RRB- . This trio of friends are soon joined the trio of Holly -LRB- Nora Jane-Noonan -RRB- and a pair of sisters in Sam -LRB- MyAnna Buring -RRB- and Becca -LRB- Saskia Mulder -RRB- . With Juno taking lead in what was to be a bonding weekend for all the ladies , The Descent gradually brings about a heavy sense of dread that something is amiss not just at the activity they 're about to engage in but in the group dynamics within the female group.The six ladies undertake a spelunking expedition in a cave system in the Appalachian Mountains -LRB- already the film takes its first nod of homage to another great film about survival , Deliverance -RRB- . The outdoor scenes in the woods was actually shot in the forests of Scotland , but one could never guess and Marshall does n't linger overmuch in the bright , airy and safe outdoors . Juno soon leads her all-female spelunkers deep into the cave . Their descent into the darkening and gradually oppresive depths of the cave system takes abit longer than necessary , but just when the film was about to become a rehash of Cliffhanger , things suddenly become claustrophobic and the sense that every moment these ladies continue their descent the closer they put themselves into the arms of their inevitable doom.Things go from bad to worse in a cave-in scene that 's sure to make those with problems of claustrophobia to close their eyes tightly and cover their ears . Except for a few slightly fake looking cave in rocks and debris , this cave-in scene will get hearts pumping and nerves racing . The scene is shot in a very up-close and intimate fashion that the audience has no choice but to feel as if they 're trapped in that barely there tunnel as it begins to collapse around Sarah and Juno . Once the scene is over the ladies soon find themselves cut-off from the only exit they know . One could almost see panic begin to set-in , nerves fray and tempers simmer on the participants . Juno , already established as the alpha-female of the group , continues to take charge of the situation but already her reckless and infectious bravado in the beginning of the film becomes more of a thin veneer hiding a personality that uses such traits to hide a much more duplicitous and cowardly persona.From this moment of the film until the very final shot -LRB- well for the American version at least and more on that later -RRB- , The Descent takes the meaning of oppresive claustrophobia and magnifies it to the nth degree . Gone are the daylight and open air of the outside forest . Even the upper levels of the cave would be a welcome sight for its stalactites and rock formations glittering from excess water runoff reflecting ambient light . Their descent deeper into the cavern system truly seems like a descent into that primordial fear everyone has since their earliest years
 This is probably the most effective horror movie I have ever seen . The all female cast does a phenomenal job of keeping the audiences attention -LRB- and no there is no nudity -RRB- . Shows what a talented director and cast can do with little money and a good story . Has more scares and is more entertaining than the majority of horror that is released in theatres .
 I love a great horror film that can actually make you want to turn the light on or lose sleep after watching it . Every so often a film comes along that accomplishes this and ` The Descent ' is a prime example . The film is a departure from the clutter of junk horror films that have been released over the past few years by not merely infiltrating you with just startle scenes . The sheer fear factor of being trapped hundreds of feet below ground with the prospect of death at every turn is simply the cornerstone of the aural terror you feel throughout most of the film.The Blu-ray presentation is immaculate from the reference quality video to the PCM 6.1 lossless audio track that is amazingly immersive . A must see for any horror fan and a ` high recommend ' for anyone !
 In the tired genre of Scream and Dimension type film crapola and Saw run-on nonsense that saturates the market in its entirety , it was a remarkable surprise to witness the true realism in a film that is anything but . Using all females in every lead role was certainly refreshing and I think it worked . As a whole , I think most movie lovers ca n't be frightened anymore , everything is used up , everything is wasted , tried , re-tried , tired , and regurgatated . That said , I was n't scared with The Descent , and safe to say nor was I terriried in any aspect , but the movie delivers for stunning special effects . The scenes in the belly of carcasses and pools of blood and remains was truly remarkable and very finely done indeed . The monsters were keen , but not shrewd , nor new in any aspect . I wont give anything away if you are reading this , -LRB- and most likely you are n't -RRB- , but the scene at the end had me actually sitting up rooting her on , jibbering and squiggling in my seat . That rarely has happened since seeing E.T. in the theatres when the bad men are chasing after Henry Thomas and friends on their BMX 's . What really got me into the film , was really believing that I was actually crawling through the small chunnels with the broads , and for what it 's worth , is n't that what cinema is supposed to do to us
 I started enjoying the film , once the caving started . . Deep down below the surface , everthing starts getting creepy , tightand your heart starts beating faster ... as our adventurers are about tofind out that they are not alone.Above average creepiness with great direction puts this movie above othercave movies . Should ` nt dissapoint.Extra features are great ... when the film is good . You get to see the workand effort of all involved ... and some of these predator actors are someof the best around . Enjoy .
 This movie is a little dated . I am sure it scared the every loving be-jesus out of folks when it came out . That said , its still scary ! It will keep your interest thats for sure . Hey - we are talking 6 foxy chicks going into a cave to crawl around . What guys interest does that not hold ? Chicks will enjoy the female choas of the group . There are a couple of scenes that will unsettle even the most stone faced horror show movie goer . Oh - the funny thing about this movie is that all the chicks have British accents . Not sure how this happens , but it adds to the charm of these chicks crawling around the cave . `` Is anyone injured ? '' , vs -LRB- American -RRB- `` Are you OK ? '' . Its worth buying , and seeing a couple a times .
 This has to be one of the scariest movies I 've ever seen and it 's so creepy . No one likes getting lost , much less in a cave and even more less in the darkness . If you wan na be creeped out , I suggest getting this movie . Great acting and suspense !
 Do not buy this film if you are afraid of small dark cramped spaces underground . This movie will scare the bee-jabbers out of you . Other than that -- it 's a good thrill ride .
 I enjoyed it the first time . Second time around , I started to realize how crazy the story was . The product is exactly as advertised .
 A group of attractive , thrill-seeking European women gather at a remote Appalachian cabin for some female bonding . In their midst is Sarah who suffered a tragic loss one year earlier . In order to cheer her up , they go cave exploring . One of the women , Juno , deceives them into venturing into an unexplored cave system in the hopes of naming it . Unfortunately , they are trapped underground by an earthquake . Not only do they discover a new cave system , but they also discover the bloodthirsty , savage humanoids that have evolved there . Will thy survive long enough to find an exit ? `` The Descent '' is tense , claustrophobic horror . A feeling of dread suffocated my heart as I watched those poor women scramble through narrow , unlit passages while hideous creatures lurked all around them . It was a demonic nightmare world and I felt as though I had also been plunged headlong into it . `` The Descent '' does for caves what `` Jaws '' did for the ocean . I wo n't be going inside a cave for a long time unless it has railings and well-lit concrete pathways . `` The Descent '' was very realistic and plausible . Blind fish have been found living inside underground lakes . I 've seen them myself at `` The Lost Sea '' in Sweetwater , Tennessee . Its conceivable that pale , blind humanoids could also evolve inside unexplored , inaccessible caverns.The acting is superb . Great performances are given by all . The ending is very downbeat and chilling - just like the ones I relished in the seventies . Gorehounds will love this one ; blood and glistening internal organs abound as victims are literally fed upon while still alive . There is plenty of non-stop action as the women fight tooth and nail in order to survive the mutant onslaught . Has this been made into a video game ? It should . `` The Descent '' is a must see for all lovers of action adventure and horror . It is not for the squeamish . If you enjoyed `` the Cave '' and `` The Cavern , '' then you will definitely want to see `` The Descent '' - a descent into pure Hell .
 This is one of the scariest films I 've ever seen . The Exorcist and The Shining did n't scare me somehow , but this one did me in . It contains tons of blood , gore , shocks , nightmarish visions , and very high tension . Plus , the all-female cast really makes it all more exciting . I would recommend this to every die-hard horror fan that is roaming the Earth .
 The Bottom Line : Without question the best horror film to come out in the last decade -LRB- not that it 's had much competition -RRB- , The Descent takes a little time to develop an interesting -LRB- and all female -RRB- group of friends before plunging them into a situation that would be terrifying enough even if there were n't creatures to worry about ; if you like horror and have n't seen this film then you should be ashamed.Note
 Yes , I know what you 're thinking . `` Another one of those pick em ' off one-at-a-time horror flicks ... '' And it is . But it 's also more then that . This movie actually made me scream and I 'm getting freaked out just writing about it in this dark , dark room . A bloodbath that makes you squirm ... all the while enjoying the effect the adrenalin rush has on you . I am not claustrophobic , but there are a few scenes that made me feel like I was trapped in a rocky cave with no means of escaping . `` The Descent '' broke one of the basic major rules of writing a horror story . I ca n't tell you which one , but do n't expect a big twist after you travel through this never-ending cave , fighting for your life . I 'd say rent it first and then see if you want to buy it ... it 's not for everyone .
 Although this was boring to start off , I 'm glad I hung through the `` girl power pajama party '' at the beginning . This movie actually freaked me out and that does n't happen that often . The claustrophobic atmosphere coupled with the creepy Gollum-looking cave crawlers -LRB- not to mention female betrayal , Ouch ! -RRB- was definitely worth watching . Yeah , the plot was vaguely familiar but so what ? So few `` horror '' movies these days deliver , it was a rare treat . Enjoy !
 Upon seeing this cover , the contemporary movie goer is going to automatically compare this to the de-humanizing likes of the `` Saw '' and `` Hostel '' franchise . I mean , the cover depicts a woman emerging from a pool of blood ! That screams `` torture-porn , '' does n't it?But I was intrigued . Not by the thought that it may resemble the aforementioned horrid movies , but by the fact that Joss Whedon -- creator of cult shows like `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' -- had recommended the flick . Anyone that knows Joss Whedon knows that the man is big on female empowerment , and that he often speaks out strongly about torture-porn movies like the sickening `` Captivity . '' The fact that he had given praise to THIS movie made me second-guess my first impression , given to me by the admittedly misleading cover.This movie was great . Gory ? Yes , there was gore . But the gore was in service of the story -- the horror -- not just to show some people getting killed . All the characters are developed in the beginning , centering the drama of the film around one woman who is trying to overcome a tragic event that has happened to this family . That , plus some claustrophobic scenes , add a bit of psychological terror to this thriller , spicing up what would become -- about halfway through the flick -- a story about women fighting back , taking their nasty situation by the horns.While anyone who did enjoy -- God help them -- the `` Saw '' or `` Hostel '' movies will certainly find this movie entertaining , all those who abhorred those movies -- myself included -- will find this damn near inspirational story -LRB- though the ending is a bit of a come-down , though it serves the story well -RRB- a breath of fresh air in the horror genre .8 / 10
 The Descent is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and it never loses its effect . It has great character development and special fx , is extremely suspenseful , and is downright scary for the most part . The acting is great , the storyline believable , and the characters themselves are very smart in that they are really tough women who make smart decisions . Also , if you are chlaustrophobic like me , this movie will really tap a nerve.The Descent is basically about a group of women who are thrill-seekers . They enjoy things like white river rafting and rock climbing , etc. . On the way back from a river rafting trip , the main character is in a car accident that kills her husband and baby . Very gory . The film picks up a few years later when that same character is strong enough to join back with her friends for another adventure ; this time cave exploration . This is where the character devlopment arc really begins and the movie really takes off.I found this movie to be very similar to the film `` From Dusk Til Dawn '' in that the first half of the movie is really different from the second half . In From Dusk Til Dawn , the first act is basically a hostage/run from the police/chase movie , while the second half is a vampire survival movie.In The Descent , the first half of the movie is basically about this group of girls getting lost in an underground cave and trying to find a way out . Very suspenceful , keeps you on the edge of your seat and is very realistic . As the movie progresses one almost forgets that the film is really about underground cannabilistic cave dwelling monsters . The first time you see these creatures is one of the scariest moments in a movie I can recall . I 've watched this movie with several people , and they all JUMPED during this scene . It really is terrifying as is the majority of the movie.Once this happens , the girls realize they are surrounded by these creatures and all hell breaks loose . The rest of the film is basically about the girls fighting for their lives , with some twists thrown in . This film concludes with a great ending . I recommend The Descent with the highest praise possible . This is a must see ! One of the greatest horror movies I 've seen . -LRB- And I 've seen a TON -RRB-
 I watched the American version and I enjoyed this movie right up until the very end . I was surprised at the excellent character development and suspense . I was kind of surprised I had not heard more about it previous to my renting it . It had good acting , good story , good effects , and good music . In fact I would have given it five stars if the ending had not left me wondering what happened . I do n't like weird guess what happened endings . Better yet I like at least one person to survive any horror movies . To me that gives reason to have some hope during the whole horror of what the group endures . This ending made it look like no one survived , and a couple of people did the unforgivable crippling of others . One accidentally but one on purpose because of jealousy . At any rate that I can stomach . I just think at least one should have escaped the cave . Making a dream sequence like one did is clever , but not the answer . I recommend this as a rental , I ca n't say as I would buy it because of the ending . I liked it when Jamie Lee Curtis got away from Michael in John Carpenter 's Halloween . That 's the way I like them . Scary , but with someone escaping . If you like everyone to die , then this movie is right up your alley .
 When ` The Descent ' was released I had heard all the hype , I had read all the reviews and so I was dying to see it , but I truly had no idea all that I was really in for . Have you ever watched a film that nestled so far beneath the surface of your skin that even when things are n't outright horrific you still find yourself shaking in anticipation of all that is bound to go wrong ? That is the feeling I got when watching this film for the first time . This feeling is owed in large part to the breathtaking direction on the part of Neil Marshall who just went for it here , throwing caution to the wind and delivering a brutally heart racing horror film . The one thing that will stick with you though throughout the whole of ` The Descent ' is the feeling of hopelessness , and I think that is due to the setting . Having this horror film take place below the depths of the Earth was a brilliant , and I mean brilliant , idea . Not only are we in fear of the ` crawlers ' but the audience is able to share in the claustrophobic feelings of those in the film.There are scenes within this film where I literally felt as though I could n't breathe.The film opens with a tragic accident . Friends Sarah , Beth and Juno have been rafting down rapids while Sarah 's husband and daughter hang back and watch . Upon their departure home though , tragedy strikes and both Sarah 's husband and daughter are killed . The movie then jumps forward a year and we meet up with the three women again . This time they are accompanied by three other women , sisters Sam and Rebecca and newcomer Holly . They have met in the Appellation Mountains for a caving trip . We are given a few moments to get to know our cast of women before they set off and descend down a cave . Juno has appointed herself the guide since the trip was her idea , but unbeknownst to the group Juno has taken it upon herself to lead them into a cave that has never been charted , a decision that proves disastrous.Upon their entry the audience can immediately feel the tension . Your skin starts to tighten and your breath gets short as you contemplate the feelings of confined closure . It reminds me of the feeling I got the first time I watched ` Jaws ' , that creepy crawling sensation that ran across your legs as you imagined what you could n't see gnawing at your skin from beneath the depths of the water . It 's that fear of the unknown , the unseen horrors that prove the most effective . Soon after descent the group finds themselves trapped as their point of entry caves in.This sense of hopelessness only intensifies when the girls get their first sighting of the ` crawlers ' . I expected the ` crawlers ' since the trailer gave many a hint to their presence but what I did n't expect was to be afraid of so much more than just some creatures . The ` crawlers ' are in fact horrifying to encounter . They are disturbing to the sight and deadly to the touch . What makes their presence even more disturbing is the setting . I keep coming back to the fact that they are confined underground for a reason . I deeply feel that if the setting were more open , like say the woods or something , the fear would be less extensive . When you can barely move , let alone run , and you can see no further than a few feet ahead of you , let alone behind you , then any and everything becomes all the more terrifying.Another major plus to the film is the acting . The cast of actresses are strong , neither of them resorting to overacting , which is a problem very common in this breed of horror film . Shauna Macdonald and Natalie Mendoza -LRB- who play Sarah and Juno -RRB- are especially effective here , but the entire cast is well rounded and balanced . As a part of the cast -LRB- so to speak -RRB- Neil Marshall makes his presence known with such flare in the director 's seat . He layers his film , setting the perfect foundation of terror so that the audience can become absorbed in this horror masterpiece . ` The Descent ' is brilliantly crafted and masterfully delivered , a truly horrific film that makes for one of the most engaging and rewarding times at the movies last year . ` The Descent ' breaks my top ten of the year , maybe even my top five -LRB- I have to revisit this year a little more closely -RRB- and is a film that I will recommend till the day I die . If you are tired of the onslaught of generic and ridiculously ` unscary ' horror films that seem to dominate the box office then you are in for a treat for ` The Descent ' will chill your bones and boil your blood . It 's about time we get what we pay for .
 Do yo afraid of darkness ???!!!! ... I do believe that this phrase talks about the movie is . It 's a nightmare in the real life being in an unexplored cave , lost with nothing but dark and being chase by some kind of ugly `` smeagol '' that eat you alive !!! Better Watch it with the lights off at night ... A must have !!!
 This film went above and beyond my expectations making it a true horror classic . You will fully be in for a treat if you are looking for a good scare along with a very original plot . Thankfully this one strays away from the typical horror films by bringing you into the heart of the unknown.The story follows six women who reunite a year after a friends tragic loss to go on a cave expedition . This trip proves to be way more then they expected once they are trapped deep down in the cave , and discover they are not alone . As they battle to escape the creatures that dwell beneath , you will be pulled into the horror from your seat at home.This one definately gets my seal of approval and is strongly recommended for a real horror fan .
 This movie was really good , the ladies were definitely holding it down ... and I thought they were gon na be some weak girls being picked off one by one by stupid creatures . . nah , they had more balls than some of the dudes i 've seen in many horror movies . It was crazy , and definitely an eye opener ...
 WOW , what a treat writer/director Neil Marshal did on just his 2nd directorial tryout ! Dog Soldiers was OK , but Descent is by far and away superior in every way.Like the lackluster American version called - THE CAVE - the British version - The Descent - is written bettter , with less special effects . That should teach and show directors out there that special effects ai n't everything . A solid plot is first . Good actors is 2nd . Special effects comes 3rd . Not the other way around.Although both movies only touch very little on the hugely sucessful , bestseller novel , The Descent , by Jeff Long , both movies could have greatly benefited if they could have done the movies much more closely to the novel . Would have cost much more , but would have been a gigantic blockbuster at the movie houses.But if you like gritty , scary movies , with a great twist at the end , then you must get this . Excellent horror adventure .
 Must admit `` The Descent '' grabbed a solid hold on me already after the first few minutes , and it had my fully attention from start to finnish . Not much more to say other than we have here a group of young women , a deep , dark cave , countless humanoid monsters -LRB- ... and they 're everywhere ! -RRB- - and after `` the descent '' , of course , no way out.What makes this horror-movie a bit different is that it 's theme runs a little deeper than most mindless monster-horror-movies - it 's kind of `` believable '' like it takes itself serious - and it really shows from the impressive camera-work and the acting . Simple effects , but they work indeed ! And `` The Descent '' is as dark as the underworld itself . You 'll understand when you see it -LRB- I persume -RRB- . I had my hopes for perhaps a bigger adrenaline-ending -LRB- it 's not the highlight of the movie I must add -RRB- , but you 'll probably jump in your seat anyway all the way to where the credits begin to roll . But it lets down a promising masterpiece from being a complete one -LRB- in my book that is -RRB- . Are you a horror-fan you really must see this movie !
 Before this film no other film has even come close to scaring me . Those films mentioned above are like watching the Teletubbies in comparison to this film . I even consciously considered getting up and leaving the cinema through this film because I thought my mind just could n't handle the tension any more . The action simply never stops once it starts . And , I wo n't spoil anything , but the first gory scene of the film
 Someone else called this a `` Chick Flick '' . I guess because most of the human characters are girls . Anyways these girls are a bit more than todays girls because they are extremely daring and adventurous even if they were a little unprepared in certain respects . They go far far of the grid with out any man muscles , man leadership or radio or radio or field manual . Along with themselves they bring their past with them and it causes great misunderstanding amongst them when they are underground and end up being very nasty toward each other indeed .
 With its nods to Deliverance and explicit allusions to Carrie , this all girl film plays out the possible ramifications of 70s action , science fiction films -LRB- Alien -RRB- , and horror films -LRB- Texas Chainsaw Massacre -RRB- when there are only final girls . In both endings there appears to be no way out
 The Descent is from the same director as Dog Soldiers and interestingly features an all-female cast as opposed to Dog Soldiers which has an -LRB- almost -RRB- all male cast.Six friends get together for a `` holiday '' exploring a cave as a way of getting over the death of one of the friends ' daughters . However , as usual in the genre things go wrong and they end up trapped in the cave with no map . At first their main concern is finding another exit from the cave and fighting the paranoia and claustrophobia that the dark , dank conditions of the cave create , but then they discover that that they are not alone in the cave , and the company has a taste for blood ... The first fourty-five minutes of the movie is about charactor-development and building up suspence , which I think was very well done . The second part of the movie is all about action and gore , which is also very well done . This movie manages to have very well crafted horror and suspence as well as gorey deaths and buckets of blood . Few movies have been able to combine the two aspects of the horror genre as well as The Descent has.This movie is similar to the directors previous movie , Dog Soldiers and to another movie called Creep . It also had aspects of The Cave.The Descent is a suspenceful , gorey and origional horror movie and definatly one of my favourite post-2000 movies . I would certainly reccomend The Descent to any fans of the horror genre , or anybody looking for a good movie . This is horror at its best .
 My mom loves this movie , so I decided to get it for her birthday this year so she would stop renting it . Amazon offered a great price and the shipping was very fast . I highly recommend it .
 This may be the single scariest movie I have ever seen . An all-female group of spelunkers drops into a mountain cave and a world of blackness and death . Good God , this is a scary movie . Did I say it 's scary ? Yeah ? Well , I was right . It 's scary.Make sure to see the unrated director 's cut , because the cut they showed theatrically in America slices the actual very creepy end off of the flick .
 I thought that I was going to have another boring Friday night at home again . Until I came across this movie ! The Desent was a bit boring at first . I started to set the tivo to finish taping it , because I was ready to turn in for the night . All of a sudden , a great thing started happening , I was enjoying this movie . It kept my attention thought the last half of the movie . I loved the sceans that caught me off guard . I have n't saw a movie this good for a long long time !!!
 Item was received in the condition seller stated in the description . There were no damages to the DVD or artwork . It was as new .
 I just love this movie . Have seen it many times with the last on a projection screen while on vacation in Outer Banks in the theater room of our rental home . Scary stuff !
 Cheesy title ; but that 's a start , or the plot . Very scary real spelunking adventure becomes sci-fi/horror and gore within a real likable group of women . Great photography and sound lend atmosphere that plays aces on BD ; making it watchable after many viewings . Looks great on DVD ; beyond great on Blu-Ray .
 Actually , I gave this movie 31/2 stars , but for the benefit of the doubt used 4 instead of lowering it to just 3 . WARNING
 Neill Marshal gave British horror flicks a bite in the arm with his funny and thrilling Zulu-with-werewolves flick Dog Soldiers , but he ai n't joking in The Descent . Unlike overhyped , undernourished recent local efforts like glorified TV pilot 28 Days Later , this is a real movie made by someone who knows exactly what he 's doing , and who does it well . More importantly , he 's not afraid to take his time to ground the story and the characters before getting to the main course . There are a couple of hokey false alarms before his heroines find themselves trapped in an unexplored cave system , but the first two thirds are a pretty good survival story in their own right , making you wonder if he really needs to give the gals company down there
 This was a excellent cave horror movie because it had a lot from beginning to end . It told you where they went and why they were exploring the cave . But little did they know some fleshing eating humanoids were living there and the action packed pace picked up . Great overall movie 5 Stars !!!!! This movie got intense after 20 minutes into it which i like a buildup of suspense .
 How far down will you allow yourself to go in order to survive ? That is what the title of this excellent film refers to.I 'll try to be brief . This is the most intensely scary movie I have ever seen . I did not see it in theater ; I had to pause the DVD three times while watching to get up , leave the room and try to scrape up the courage -LRB- should n't use the word ` guts ' here ! -RRB- to finish this film . I 'm talking intense on the level of the ` last supper ' scene in Ridley Scott 's `` Alien '' , only fleshed out to full feature-length . Aside from the film itself , what I find truly amazing - from the ` Making Of ' documentary - is that , aside from a few exteriors , the entire thing was filmed on a soundstage . This movie has the most realistic cave settings I 've ever seen in a movie , and there were n't very many elements actually used to put them together . That , and the fact that although it 's set in West Virginia - which has , of course , the world 's highest concentration of inbred , subterranean human mutants - it was filmed entirely in Great Britain . Make sure to get the uncut version with the extended ending , which was cut for the U.S. theatrical release . After nearly two hours of near-ridiculous suspense and horror , the end of this film will break your heart.Later Note
 I watch a silly amount of horror movies , over and over and over . I did n't end up seeing this movie in the theater , which I 'm now grateful for , because apparently the ending was cut off in the American version . The ending is intact in this version of the DVD.So , you know when you are yelling at the screen , `` No , do n't go there ! What are you stupid ? '' The greatest thing about this movie is there is n't too much of that ! This movie features great character development of 6 women who know their stuff . They are all adventurers and use endless amounts of resources and problem-solving and still find themselves in deep . Each of the characters has a well-defined background and different personality and they act accordingly . The special effects are incredible and the psychological aspect throughout leaves room for speculation and interpetation from the viewer . There 's some interesting nudges at some horror classics along the way
 This is a great and powerful movie . It starts out slow but then it gets going . It is a great movie and everything about it is great . If you are into horror and monster like creatures then you will like this movie .
 With an unknown cast the makes their performance memorable and the most clostrophobic of caverns , the monsters are just an added bonus to this well above average horror flick . Originality plays the biggest part of the film , pitting a group of females into the deepest of an unexplored cave in the Appalachian mountains . The incredibly creepy monsters , utter darkness , and fantastic camera work add just as much too.Though it 's the cave creatures that are supposed to give the Descent its extreme scary horror , I actually found the caves themselves to be just as horrifying . This is n't too be watched lightly for those who suffer from clostrophobia . Thumbs up to the director for making this come to life , giving us the feel of being right in the middle of the cave climbing action . And I must not place too much emphasis on `` climbing '' , for most of the time it seemed that there was more falling taking place . The first half of the film focuses on the caving alone , but the horror already begins there as the group of ladies fine themselves lost , stuck , and even injured.When the monsters make their entrance it is truly frightening as well . Because the cave is so dark , the only means of light for the girls are either their flashlights , lighters , or infrared via camcorder - which gives the film a Blair Witch Project feel at times too . Thus also begins the complete bloodfest that this film goes into , with each monster making a mess out of one of the ladies or vice versa . It becomes the ultimate means of survival - not only are the ladies trying to escape these creatures , but trying to find their way out of the caves as well . And as an added bonus , there is even a bit of drama between some of the ladies , with an added twist.I expected much from this movie and that 's what I got , even a bit more . The monster scare and blood was just what I was expecting , but the camera work and sense of enclosed space was more than I had hoped . This turned out to be a truly frightful experience , and each time I watch it always gets to me . Just like Jaws kept so many out of the water , this is bound to keep you out of the caves.Acting - 4Characters - 4Horror - 5Story - 4Overall - 4.5
 Ominous is the only way to describe the intro to this movie . Within minutes , all sorts of madness breaks out . It takes only a few scenes to hook the viewer.Three thrill-seeking women are white water rafter , enjoying life . Just as a little tension is building , and a concept is forming , tragedy strikes . The tension that was there , or at least hinted at , is all but gone . But it sets up the rest of the movie.Wanting to get over the tragedy , the women gather together one year later to renew their adventurous side . The threesome meets three other women for the weekend thrill of caving . With no real experience , the women take off for a crazy , and dark adventure . Trouble ensues.As expected , several aspects of the movie are present
 I can not begin to tell you how utterly , deeply shaken to my soul , to my core being this masterpiece of horror cinema has left me . I have seen hundreds , thousands of movies . As of late , most of them fail to move me . Am I getting jaded ? Used to the mediocrity churned out year after year ? It could be.However ... Watching this ... this mind-blowing , visceral , roller-coaster into hell ... NEVER has my physical body , my mind , and my soul been so ROCKED by a film with FEAR , HORROR , SUSPENSE , SHOCK . My senses elevated beyond all belief . I was holding on FOR DEAR LIFE at what I was witnessing upon the screen . I was genuinely and TOTALLY SCARED OUT OF MY MIND - I am not exaggerating , not in the slightest.This is an experience I have not had at the movies in AGES.So what is it about ? I really do n't want to tell you . The less you know about it going in the better . Seriously , I do not advise those with heart conditions stepping into the cinema and watching this . It is an experience so visceral , so emotionally gripping , so INTENSE , your very nervous system will be exercised in ways you never imagined movies were capable of . I for one , had stopped believing in the power , the ability of film to make me feel this way.The audience reaction I witnessed was unlike anything I 've ever seen in my life - screaming , shrieking , jumping up from the seats , gasping for breath . This film is as close to a roller-coaster ride as you will ever experience . Upon U.S. release , I plan on seeing it SEVERAL times in theaters ; it should be amazing just to simply hear audience reactions , to be in that charged of an atmosphere.Believe me as I tell you
 I 'm immensely happy that couple of times a year I come across such movies as `` The Descent '' although I ca n't remember exactly when was the last one . I heard that a new movie came out by the director of `` Dog Soldiers '' and that was enough for me to start looking for the flick . And I was very surprised having found out it 's in theaters . I watched it two days back and was totally blown away . I heard different opinions about its flaws and so on , but hey , there ai n't no movies without plot holes . And `` The Descent 's '' flaws were the minor ones , you wo n't notice them if they are not looked very hard for.If you watched `` Dog Soldiers '' you can get the idea about `` The Descent '' meaning its mood and atmosphere - Neil Marshall can frighten the audience very well and that 's a fact . Remote Appalachian Mountains , sinister woods , gloomy sky - all that work just fine . The distinguishing feature of this film is that all of its characters are females -LRB- the only male character is being annuled within the first 5 minutes of the film in a rather grizzly way -RRB- . And they are not usual horror film stupid teenage girls who like to show breasts , shriek and then be killed brutally . They are quite reasonable women in their late 20-ies or early 30-ies , who can deal with extraordinary situations as it seems . And there are lots of them -LRB- situations -RRB- to come.Six friends find themselves trapped in a cave and try to get out . Neil Marshall brilliantly managed these cave scenes , moving camera through narrow crawlways - you really start feeling claustrophobic . I personally do n't have problems with elevators , but always felt uneasy lying under the bed as a child , so in the theater I found myself covering with cold sweat while watching those scenes . And it 's not just the cave that will make you sweat . After the first 50-60 minutes of the movie THEY show up , and THEY will give you much more creeps . But the main Marshall 's achievement is that he made quite a realistic flick about feminine frienship . The film demonstrates what six girls would do in extreme circumstances . Of course they try to help each other , but finally you see they do n't know whom to fear most - THEM or each other . For they all have different and at times difficult relations with some secrets as usual . This human relations theme adds a lot of substance to the movie . Another good thing is that characters do n't make stupid things like in many horror films . We see girls can act bravely , fight furiously and not die shrieking stupidly . One day in life a situation may come when you 'll have to make a torch out of your friend 's shinbone , and these girls demonstrate us some people wo n't quail when they 're in such an extreme situation . `` The Descent '' delivers to us a sense and mood of a real horror movie which is unlike latest PG-13 films . It 's not funny for a second , it 's brutal and obscure , it scares on all levels - it has suspense , fear of the dark , claustrophobia , fear of some unknown creatures , repulsion of seeing gore and guts.Speaking of gore - `` The Descent '' is very graphic and grim , American filmmakers do n't dare lately to make their movies that graphic . I noticed that British and European in general flicks remain practically the only ones to really shock the audience . `` The Descent '' is one of the best horror pictures I 've seen in my life -LRB- and I 've almost seen them all -RRB- , I 'm definately buying it on DVD.UPDATE -LRB- 3/4/06 -RRB-
 WHAT 'S IT ABOUT?This review is the for widescreen , unrated DVD edition of `` The Descent '' . `` The Descent '' proves that the road to redemption and the road to recovery are often paved with the bones of distant memories , ghosts and friends . Neil Marshall 's first film `` Dog Soldiers '' inverted the paradigm for horror films featuring werewolves and cleverly used the template of `` Aliens '' creating a memorable beast all its own . Marshall now does the same thing for spelunking . One year after a family tragedy Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- and her buddies Juno -LRB- Natalie Jackson Mendoza -RRB- and Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- meet up with three other women on their annual outdoor pilgrimage . In the past they 've done climbing , white water rafting and other extreme sports . This year Juno has chosen the Appalachian Mountains and a series of underground caverns for them to explore . They get lost . Their friendships sour as they find they are being hunted by vicious creatures that have no fear.IS IT WORTH BUYING?Absolutely . If in doubt rent it but be aware that the `` R '' rated version has a slightly different ending than the unrated edition . The unrated edition seems to be the same as the UK theatrical release.IS IT WORTH WATCHING?Yes . While `` The Descent '' shares a similar setting to `` The Cave '' , it 's a close cousin to `` Aliens '' and `` Pitch Black '' . It 's one of the most suspenseful and best written films in the horror genre of the year . Writer/director Neil Marshall -LRB- `` Dog Soldiers '' -RRB- creates characters that are memorable each with their own individual quirks and allows the actresses to inhabit their roles completely . Each character is not a faceless victim but has enough character development and scenes to make them interesting and memorable . Marshall also fills his film with references to other horror movies as a tribute to them -- you can spot inspirations from `` Deliverence '' , `` Alien '' , `` The Thing '' and many other classic horror films/thrillers that inspired him . This is definitely a worthwhile horror film.HOW DOES THE FILM LOOK?Great . `` The Descent '' receives a gorgeous transfer to DVD . If you have a widescreen TV go for the widescreen edition of the film as the carefully composed images look truly beautiful particularly during the white water rafting sequence that opens the film and the foreboding drive through the Appalachian Mountains -LRB- actually shot on location in Scotland -RRB- . The level of detail is remarkably sharp with surprising depth given how dark much of the film is . The use of light , darkness and shadows is expertly portrayed in this edition . Colors are right on target with nice warm skin tones where appropriate . Director Marshall also makes effective use of color , texture , light and darkness to drive home the dramatic effects of the film and they are rendered extremely well in this edition.WHAT EXTRAS ARE INCLUDED?We 're given two audio commentaries with both effective and intelligent . The first one features director Marshall , producer Christian Colson , Editors Jon Harris & Tina Richardsen and the production designer Simon Bowles focusing on the technical elements of the film , how various effects were achieved , shooting on a soundstage vs. actual location shooting -LRB- the entire sequence set in the caves was shot on soundstages -RRB- and the effort that went into creating the careful mounting element of fear that dominates the film . The production crew commentary is fun to listen to even when they are n't discussing technical stuff as they 're all friends enough to bust each other 's chops.The second audio commentary features Marshall again with his female cast . While they do discuss the various technical elements that made the film so effective , they also focus on the physical challenges of shooting the film and the development of their characters.The short documentary `` The Descent
 just perfect ! a horror movie at its best . great direction with absorbing twists . you got this `` creature from the black lagoon '' feel after you finish watching this modern masterpiece . fine acting from those beautiful girls , though . unique atmosphere from the begining to the end . you should see this one if you are a horror fan like myself .
 I thought that The Ring was funny when that girl came out of the TV . I still get a kick out of how `` not scary '' that was . The Grudge made me cackle with joy when the hairy ghost girl emerged , how funny ! Nothing seem to scare me in theatre anymore , except for this movie . I didnt really know what it was about when I saw it , and I atually got goose bumps . It combines good acting with many types of horror . The horror of being trapped in a cave system and then finding out you are not alone in there ! There are times when you feel your heart pace quicken because of the tight situations . Basically , just watch it and dont watch it alone ! Make sure its dark and enjoy !
 ` The Descent ' , a film from the UK written and directed by Neil Marshall has one of the most starkly scary moments , roughly about 20 minutes into the movie , that I have seen since I closed my eyes in the theatre 50 years ago rather than see the monster in the 3-D pot-boiler , ` It Came From Outer Space ' . But then , that may be just me . I add that disclaimer because the scariness of the moment relied heavily on claustrophobia , of which I have a slight case . But then , in the right situations , I suspect every generally normal person would begin to feel claustrophobic . This moment was so effective that I stopped the movie at that point and could n't come back to it for nearly a week.The movie has a lot in common with the great Sci-fi horror classic , ` Alien ' . All major action takes place in a venue the human heroes of the story can not , or at least can not easily escape . The terror they face , aside from the isolation , is an unimaginably horrible , unreasoning , and relentless foe , driven by a totally alien -LRB- ! -RRB- hunger to have our heroes for lunch . Both monster types are preternaturally quick and seem to have senses beyond the abilities of mere humans . The heroes are also short on anything that could be considered a viable weapon against the monsters . There is even the element of a traitor in the group of humans who is willing to give up a comrade 's life to save their own . -LRB- The ` Alien ' analogue is far more ambiguous , as the ` traitor ' is an android who is simply following ` company policy ' over protecting his crew 's lives . The ambiguous cross-purpose makes better tragedy than simple selfishness . -RRB- The question immediately comes up as to why this movie does n't have the same great cache as that Ridley Scott masterpiece . Much of it has to do with superior production values . Scott had a much bigger budget , a cast of talented , seasoned and easily recognized character actors , truly shocking surprise scenes , and a great monster design by H. R. Geiger which has yet to be outdone . And , in spite of Scott 's love of very dark scenes , his lighting was still far more skillfully handled than in the difficult scenes in what appeared to be a cave two miles underground.Writer Marshall skillfully camouflages this fact , but the movie still suffers from using some of the oldest horror flick cliches in the book . The enormously scary setup scene where the group of six English twenty-something women find themselves trapped in a previously unexplored and presumably undiscovered cave in the mountains of the Eastern US is established due to a colossally stupid mistake by the group 's leader . This is not much different from a group of teenagers trekking off to the scene of previous group murders for which the perp has not been caught -LRB- See Friday the 13th ad nausaum -RRB- . They are left totally to their own resources because the group leader brought them to this cave without notifying any authorities of their whereabouts and with no map or even special equipment suitable for a true exploration rather than a conventional spelunking excursion in a familiar cave.Needless to say , things go downhill from there . Leaving aside the complications introduced by the blind humanoid monsters , our heroes do few of the things one would expect them to do in that situation . They recognize that the batteries on their helmet lamps wo n't last forever , but they do n't turn three or four -LRB- out of six -RRB- of them off to conserve the batteries . They also do n't start a map of their progress as soon as they encounter a fork in the cave . The very worst thing is when they separate and some members of the party throw caution to the wind and end up with a broken leg , making the situation even worse for the whole party.I am sure the situation is capable of turning even the most levelheaded people to hysteria , but these are not callow -LRB- American -RRB- teenagers . They are experienced cave explorers with all the right equipment for routine and skills for negotiating virtually any situation you would find in large limestone caves . This makes their devolving into panic a little harder to understand . Of course , one can easily counter that they seem to pull it together until the blind monsters make their appearance . I can see this ; except that the blind monsters are real wimps and far less plausible -LRB- given the premises of the flick -RRB- than our horrific Alien . Since they are blind , they literally walk over our immobile heroes who do n't make a sound . But one would think that in addition to hearing , their sense of smell would also be heightened , and I 'm sure the girls , after working up a sweat with all their exertions , would have been pretty ripe.Unlike the climax to ` Alien ' , the ending to this film was almost totally unsatisfactory . It seems as if the least deserving girl escapes , then the escape is taken away from us , as it may have been only a dream , followed by an implausible hallucination with a birthday cake and candles.This has the elements of a great horror movie . It certainly has a better -LRB- even if a bit derivative -RRB- plot than ` Saw ' or ` Hostel ' , or even most of the ` Texas Chainsaw ' remakes , but some pieces are missing , and the difficulties of filming in a cave lit by battery lights , flares , or torches are not entirely overcome.As befitting an independent B movie such as this , it has very good extras , especially the two voice-over commentaries . The commentaries reveal the surprising fact that almost all the cave shots were done in a studio and the opening shot as they rappel down the large cave opening was done mostly with CGI . The problem is that one good voice-over would have been better than these two weak commentaries , which tend to repeat themselves.If you are fond of good scary movies , there is no question that this one , in its own way , is scarier and more original than most , but it 's use of the old familiar conventions catch up to it with a weak ending .
 i normaly give the cold shoulder to new age horror flicks , , but this time i was soooo wrong . . in a nutshell this film deals with , , , heights , close tight places , , a bunch of pop ups , , gore , and a story line . . this is the best horror flick of 06 . . a rare treatrated UR - strong graphic violence/gore , language , some drug use
 First no spoilers here but I will say theier is a build up in the movie , but when it hits the fan , it really hits the fan.I havnt had that feeling in my gut in a long time , not since the first Alien film , they felt similiar to me.This movie is not for the faint of heart although not as gorry as some previous movies when its used here it is very effective , this movie will make you feel unsettled , this is for sure the best creature film i 've seen in years , bring your nerves.Sum it up I wont be in any caves for sure anytime in the near future , and yes go ahead and buy this no need to waste your money on a rent you will want this in your collection.Instant Classic
 When walking into the theater Friday night I had high expectations . This film has been hyped up by critics of all people as one of the scariest films in the past years and that to me says a lot . I 've been so disappointed lately with the slump in genuine horror films that I had all but given up in really finding a worthy scare ... that was until I heard about ` The Descent ' . Granted , there have been horror films of late that have proven to be watchable , to be intense and at times , yes even a little scary , but nothing that had my skin crawling . I wanted to feel trapped , helpless and alone . I can honestly say that throughout the majority of this film that is how I felt , even though the theater was packed and my brother was sitting right next to me . ` The Descent ' centers on a group of women who enjoy pushing themselves to the limit . The movie opens with three of them , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- and Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- rafting down some rapids while Sarah 's husband and daughter watch in amazement . These girls are fearless ... until tragedy strikes in the form of a freak accident that takes the life of Sarah 's family . A year later the three girls meet again for their yearly adventure , this time in the Appellation Mountains for some caving . They meet up with three other girls , sisters Sam -LRB- MyAnna Buring -RRB- and Rebecca -LRB- Saskia Mulder -RRB- and new addition Holly -LRB- Nora-Jane Noone -RRB- , all of whom we have a few minutes to get to know , and then they 're off . Juno is the leader of the group , she called the group together for their adventure and she serves as their guide . The only problem is she 's not much of a guide being that she does n't know the cave 's they enter.Soon after entering these unknown , uncharted and undiscovered caves the girls become trapped when their point of entry caves in . Without a map these girls have to find their way out , find another exit by burrowing deeper into the cave . This fills the viewer with a sense of claustrophobia that does n't go away until the credits role . The monsters have n't even shown up and you 're already on edge . Everything around these girls is foreign to them , is a potential danger . They are forced to push themselves as far as they can go , to the point of wanting to give up for everything looks helpless . The viewer is also forced to feel this way . I had what I wanted . I felt trapped as they did , I felt helpless as they did , and once the creatures show up , and in a rush of panic the girls separate ... I felt alone as they did.From the moment the crawlers show up the movie takes a frantic turn from increasingly creepy and atmospheric to intense and horrific as these girls fight to survive , let alone escape . As intentions are revealed between the girls it also makes things all the more horrifying for you do n't know who to trust . If you ca n't trust anyone then you truly are alone . The pace does n't let up once the creatures are on the screen , and your heart wo n't stop racing either . As some of the critics have pointed out , this is a truly horrific film with images that wo n't leave you anytime soon , and yes , while I was able to sleep alright and did n't toss and turn in fear I was haunted by what I saw . This is not a film for the squeamish , that 's a fact not an opinion . Neil Marshall did a brilliant job directing this film , giving it the raw edge that true horror films need , giving it not only jump scenes with blood and gore but building a layer , a foundation of fear before the first drop of blood is shed . And the actresses need to be commended for proving to be believable as well as likable , never ` over-acting ' but giving us the feel that this is really happening and that these women are really that petrified -LRB- as I 'm sure even the manliest of men would be in that given situation -RRB- . Amazing job all the way around without much of a single drawback.I do say ` without much ' and I only say that because of the ending . Now I 've seen the US version so I ca n't speak for the UK version that has a different ending I hear . The US ending , while not horrible , leaves you wondering what is really going on . I have my ideas , that of which I wo n't share so as not to spoil anything , but I will say that it reminded me a bit of the way I felt after watching ` The Ring ' . The only drawback to that film was that the ending did n't answer any of our questions , it just added to the confusion . I felt that way after watching ` The Descent ' ... confused ... but it 's not really enough to harp on . The movie does enough redeeming work BEFORE the ending that it 's easily forgiven .
 In a wonderful departure from the `` ten little indians '' schemata of previous horror films where the man is strong and the woman survives by luck , here we get an entire movie about just women forced to survive against evil . There are no women running around in towels or their underwear , no women needing to be rescued by a man ; these women are tough and that 's part of what makes this movie so engrossing.Set for no real reason in the Appalachian Mountains -LRB- was this some subversive move on the part of the writer/director as a commentary on contemporary US relations with Europe as most of the women are European ? -RRB- , this is a great tale that takes its time developing and delivers a great payoff . Hold onto your seats in the final half hour as things get very nasty very quickly . I have never been a fan of violence against women , such as in the recent remake of `` The Hills Have Eyes '' -LRB- which included a nasty rape -RRB- , but I could handle it in `` The Descent '' because the women fight , and they fight hard and are not hapless victims . How often do we get to see that ? Like - never.Great movie , but not for the claustrophobic . You 'll become so involved with the movie that you 'll feel like you 're in the caverns with the women and it 's not always a comfortable fit .
 After a brief introduction , these characters are thrown into one of the most intense horror movies in recent years . Get ready to jump , cringe , squirm , and be thoroughly entertained . Once the action starts , it does n't let up . Throw in a hearty measure of claustrophobia , coupled with some really tense climbing sequences , and you have pretty much a perfect horror movie . Relentless , bloody , and truly scary on many levels . Horror fans wo n't be disappointed .
 One Of Those Great Horror Movies You Got ta Add To Your Cellection ! Great StoryLine , Non-Stop Action , Good Acting . Grade A Movie .
 Not to be confused with ` Descent ' a very bad sci-fi film starring Luke Perry.Neil Marshall -LRB- ` Dog Soldiers ' -RRB- did it again . With much lower budget than most of the Hollywood films , Marshall succeeded in creating one of the most claustrophobic pictures in recent years . To be frank , I find Marshall 's ` The Descent ' a bit too long , and wish that he cut the latter half of the film , in which I was amazed by one of the most disturbingly gory scenes I ever saw . Well , but it is impressive , and of that fact I am sure.From the opening chapter -LRB- that includes one shock sequence -RRB- , we are to meet six females , amateur explorers going deep down into a cave among the Appalachian Mountains . When things are going well , one unnecessary step results in a roof fall which cuts off the way out.The basic rule to survive in this extreme situation is , as you know , to stick together all the time . The point of the film is that the explorers are not always capable of doing that . One of the merits of the film is its psychological nuances behind the behaviors of the people under the pressure , and the film is clever in suggesting that these explorers are going to get into a trouble in several of the scenes prior to caving.The second part of the film gives stress to another aspect , the ` secret ' of the cave which I should not reveal here . All I can say is that you are to experience the drastic change of the tone with more bloody fight and lots of gore.Technically the film is superb with the perfect lighting and sound effect that are both unnerving . Though scientifically Neil Marshall 's story requires suspense of disbelief , and probably those who really enjoy caving expedition would say a word or two about the probability of the story , the fact that ` The Descent ' is a gripping horror film remains true.American version has a different ending . I saw the original British one , which I think is superior . I hope that you can compare them after the DVD release .
 I had not heard anything about this movie before , except the title . I thought it would be like the cave , but believe me , this movie leaves the cave for dead . I love a horror movie and watch as many as I can , but what I got from this movie was more than horror . I do n't usually jump at horror movies , for I usually know what to expect when the time comes , but this movie , I did three times and could n't believe that it scared me . I 'm not going to give any story about it except , that if you are a cave lover , and love to go down in the deep dark caves exploring ? Then I warn you do n't watch this movie for you 'll never go near a cave again . This is definitely one movie I shall be getting when it comes out on dvd , and I 'm sure their are a lot of horror fans out there who will do the same . I 'd give it more than 5stars if there was room for it .
 I 'm not much for words when it comes to writing reviews , but I thought this was a good movie if you like scarey movies .
 It is worth to watch , good story , scaring but also attractive , should it is very good for friends ' gathering , all ppl watch together
 Its a great movie for jumps and scares and the story is not that bad . I have a high end system and the audio is pretty awesome as it helps convey the Scary elements . The picture is good on my HD TV but not the best I 've seen . Its a great movie to pop on a rainy night especially enjoyed on a good surround sound system !
 Very good horror and suspense movie with a different twist . It 's about time they changed up the horror genre and creature in a movie .
 When watching this movie , I feel like I 'm in that labyrinthine cave so far underground -- just as I find myself on the mountain and in the crevasse when viewing Touching the Void . I found the troglodytes very believable as well . The character development was quite adequate . The acting was fine . I found nothing that detracted from the experience except the very last 10 seconds -LRB- which I wo n't give away -RRB- . I find this movie to be an engrossing terrorific adventure .
 Like others , I did not expect to like this film , but when I caught it on cable T.V. , I was surprised at how good it was , including the acting and production values , even the music . I saw the film with the original ending , but later read about the ending used for the American release , and was quite glad I saw the original . `` Dog Soldiers '' is good , but this is excellent .
 When I first saw previews for `` The Descent , '' I immediately wrote it off as a copycat wannabe thriller like `` The Cave . '' In fact , that 's what took me so long to view this film . I figured that it would be just another dull spelunking horror flick . Boy , was I wrong . `` The Descent '' is one of the top horror flicks to come out in the last few years . The plot is simple enough
 Mention British horror movies to most people and they will probably fixate on the Gothic Hammer horror genre - and they would not be wholly wrong . That estimable studio produced many a classic movie but times have changed and gentres move on . This movie is thoroughly modern in setting and execution . It is mean , lean and machine tooled and in keeping with contemporary sensibilities . An all female caving expedition goes dreadfully awry in this sleek and quite superbly constructed celluloid panic attack from director Neil Marshall -LRB- whose previous movie Dog Soldiers was similarly stunning -RRB- . The 6 women find themselves in an unmapped subterranean system where thet are attacked by a tribe of cannibals , at the same time as their friendships , nurtured in `` civilised `` climes , are beginning to unravel . . Cue attacks from ravening creatures , desperation and the stripping away of the veneers of civilization . Ultimately - and here lies the genius of the picture-the danger to the women lies as much in the betrayal and implosion of their relationships as it does with the cannibals . This is a potent piece of cinema offering little in the way of cosiness or comfort . It is claustrophobic . . It is scary . It is vicious . It is a movie that shows in every frame that its makers know how th keep you on the edge of your seat and away from your comfort zoneBleak and brilliant . Scary and unsettling . New Brit horror atb its bestSuper-scary and relentlessly viciousWant to watch it ? As the song goes '' Are you man enough / Big and bad enough `` Edgy and powerful .
 Watched it with my girlfriend thinking it was gon na be just a regular scary movie but i got more than i expected . Great plot and great scares . Number one thing about the movie was things jumping out and things that you dont expect . I would reccomend this movie to any horror movie watcher who is looking for a good scare . Best horror movie of the year in my opinion .
 Neil Marshall , hot on the heels of his brisk & entertaining were-wolf debut `` Dog Soldiers '' , comes up with another character-driven monster movie in the tradition of the classics -LRB- Night of the Living Dead , Alien -RRB- . The story starts with a tragic event for the main character , after which we are introduced to the women with whom she is involved in a amatuer adventurer 's club of sorts . During some casual ` hanging out ' the characters have a chance to interact - we see some of their strengths and weaknesses + get hints at the tensions between them . Their banter comes off as reasonably convincing , while the intro as a whole is peppered with ominous bits of forshadowing.After some bad choices leave them stranded in a subterranean cavern , things go from bad to worse as they discover they are not alone ... and that the other inhabitants may not be human . As the terror mounts , attacking mutants , human flaws and character conflicts lead most of the group to their doom . In the end , the viewer must decide which is worse
 In the same vein as Wolf Creek and the Blair Witch Project comes another tale about what happens when you get too adventurous . A group of six female friends get together to explore what most of them believe will be a relatively benign group of caves in North Carolina . They 're getting together for the first time a year after one of them , Sarah , lost her husband and daughter in a car accident . The ladies feel that if they get back to their adventuresome ways maybe Sarah can learn to forget the past and start living in the present . What they do n't realize is that one of the women , Juno -LRB- an athletic , no-holds-barred , go-for-it kinda chick -RRB- , has decided that they wo n't go to the caves they 'd planned to and will instead explore a group of unknown caves that are n't even charted . She 's hoping that this adventure will bring them closer together and help them get a little female bonding time . What she does n't count on is an avalanche leaving them stranded in a group of caves that no one has ever heard of , and a group of cave dwelling creepy crawlers who begin to stalk them once they 're stuck.This movie was , in a word , terrifying . I screamed out loud at several points . It made me glad that when I take a vacation there are hotels and shopping involved instead of wilderness and mystery . Lions Gate has a knack for releasing disturbing thrillers about everyday people who just sought to make their lives interesting by going on an adventure , like in Wolf Creek and The Descent . All I can say is I know who to turn to the next time I 'm in the mood for a scary movie . I 'd definitely recommend this to the same people who enjoy those camping-trip-gone-wrong kind of thriller movies like Wolf Creek and the Blair Witch Project .
 All I can say is ... WOW . The creatures themselves are creepy enough to freak the heck out of ya ... you do n't really want to miss this . One of the best horror films out there , really ...
 I 'm a scaredy-cat ... but I have never seen anything that literally made me uncontrollably cry out in the theater like this movie did.I 'll never use a camcorder in the dark again ... Heck , watching the Paris Hilton video gave me flashbacks to this film.Absolutely brillant .
 This movie delivers on all levels . Great cast , awesome photography and fine direction . The story is , like others have mentioned , a mixture of Alien , The Shining with a little Texas Chainsaw thrown in for color . There are several , what I call `` pucker '' moments . These are moments where what happens on film looks so real and painful , it makes my butt pucker -LRB- maybe its just me -RRB- . Get this movie . . you will not be disappointed !
 Good horror films are n't just tales about horrifying events . Instead , they are stories about people in horrifying circumstances.The distinction is critical , and that 's where the vast majority of horror films fail . They portray events without relating the horror to the film 's characters - or worse , they leave us not caring at all and able only to think about the graphic nature of the film.Some think `` The Descent '' is a movie about six women who ` descend ' into a cave and are attacked by man-eating monsters . Yes , those things occur . But that is not what the movie is about . The monsters only catalyzed the most horrifying aspects of the story . `` The Descent '' easily could have been made without them . `` The Descent '' is a tale about friendship , adventure , and betrayal ; it 's about the women 's descent into savagery as the price they paid for grim survival ; and , for one , it 's about a final plunge into madness . This film was n't made in Hollywood , so do n't look for a happy ending . While the US release has an outwardly softer ending than the British version , appearances can be deceptive.This was n't a perfect movie . It did contain a few noticeable flaws , but the flaws faded to insignificance because of the power of the lean story-telling . I was surprised by this movie , pleasantly so . It was much more than I expected , and more than any recent horror movie I have seen for many , many years.I highly recommend it . And , having seen both the US and the UK versions , I believe the UK version is slightly superior . The ending is simply a better fit - although strangely , while the UK ending is outwardly darker than the the US version , in a very real sense , it also is a more merciful end to the tale .
 I love this movie.It 's very entertaining and gory . It satisfies the craving for suspense , gore , and mindless entertainment at the same time .
 Genuinly creepy and disturbing . Good special effects make the a claustrophobics nightmare . The second one follows suit . Worth your time
 This film is pretty gory ; however it is first rate frightening ! Another plus
 Awesome movie that made me feel like I am in the 90 's again . Absolutely fantastic . And hey , Shauna MacDonald is pretty amazing when she goes psycho and starts killing cave creatures .
 Not bad ! Worth the watch ! The monsters or whatever were a little weird but oh well , still some scary stuff .
 If ever a movie made me want to stay out of dark caves this one is it . Love the creepy dark surprises .
 This movie never gets old . Hard to find horror movies like this that are unpredictable and well thought out -LRB- for what it 's worth -RRB- . It 's really a sleepover favorite . Ca n't go wrong . Even the sequel is surprisingly decent . Awesome action parts . Nothing too &#34; Oh come on !!!! &#34; about it as far as tripping over nothing and walking into danger saying &#34; hello , who 's there &#34; too much . Truly a classic to me . No other movie quite like it .
 This is a good modern take on a wonderful H.P. Lovecraft story . The claustrophobic element is great , the cinematography is good and the story keeps you entertained .
 Very suspenseful and scary gem of a horror movie . The tension just keeps growing until you ca n't take it anymore . The creatures are simple but effective especially in the right light . Ca n't wait to see what the director does next . Ignore the awful sequel .
 I only have one word for this Movie '' Awesome '' , the movie have anything one horror movie need , you need see this movie . 5 star for this .
 Movie was excellent quality , very good price . Completed my movie file since I had Descent 2 and it was not the same without the first one .
 This movie was very very good , but confusing at the end . It is a great scare , most will enjoy the movie . Be ready for a fright night ! Enjoy !
 Six women go inside the Appalachians mountain on a expedition to find the mysteries of the cave , a rockfall blocks their exit and they go on to find a way to get out and soon discover a race of ancient flesh-eating creatures for they must fight their way out to the secret exit that lies somewhere in the cave.A claustrophobic and atmospheric British horror thriller shocker from Neil Marshall -LRB- director of the suprisingly great `` Dog Soldiers '' -RRB- delivers all the thrills of a rollercoaster in this movie . The acting is quite good and there 's some shocking gore in the unrated cut , it 's a heart-pounding and gripping thrillride that never lets go and pushes you over the edge . Originally released in 2005 in foreign countries , it came out here in the U.S. last year and became a minor hit for LionsGate with good reviews and i believe this is a new horror classic of the new era and a must see.This unrated widescreen director 's cut DVD contains footage of gore not shown in the R-rated cut and has cool features like two audio commentaries , a behind the scenes featurette , deleted and extended scenes , storyboard and scene comparisions , stills gallery , interview with the director and Bios , a must have for the horror collection.Also recommended
 Definitely a scary movie that keeps you on edge ! Make sure you pump up the surround sound on this one ! Grab the popcorn but be warned ... it will end up on the floor , on you , and in between the couch !
 I had reasonably low expectations of this film at the onset , since it takes quite a bit to actually unnerve me and the more recent `` horror '' films of late have been quite laughable . There are a few exceptions , Hostel entertained my gore side , Saw 2 was just a cool horror movie , and The Hills Have Eyes was a good horror/suspense flick . I have yet to be entertained on more than one level which is why I guess its hard for me to imagine a horror flick that will truly hold my interest and unnerve me , however slightly , like the first Alien movie did . I must say , I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this movie . Once again a low budget movie by the director of Dog Soldiers which was pretty darn good , and not a notably named actor in the bunch . The acting was pretty solid and the story was adequate enough that I didnt lose interest during the first half of the film , which was all leading up to the meat and potatoes . I am not like some reviewers and dont really care how the group of women met , it was evident to me they had been friends awhile and that was sufficient . It was established well enough that there was a strong bond between the characters , and just enough information shared about each one to allow for some empathy at their imminent demise . The real treat of this movie starts about halfway through , after they have been trapped in the cave and it becomes clear they are not alone . The level of confinement and paranoia is communicated quite well to the viewer , and the feeling of complete claustrophobia at times is very potent indeed . The gore was not overdone and not understated as in Dog Soldiers , and although the creatures immediately brought to mind Gollum from Lord of the Rings at first glance , further inspection shows them to be quite frightening . I think the real treat for me was the subtle plot twist toward the end , and after building to a violent crescendo the movie hits you with another little surprise treat . All in all Id say I was very entertained by this movie and found myself to be quite satisfied with it , to the degree that I would certainly watch it again . If your a long time horror fan like myself and not all that hung up on some lenghthy character development , I am sure this movie will be a winner with you as well .
 Six women set out to explore a cave together , but end up trapped deep within the earth , w / their friendships crumbling , and a colony of hideous critters after them . I loved the simple yet terrifying story . The women seem like old friends , laughing , joking , bickering , and screaming . I felt for them and hoped for their survival , while knowing that few if any of these women would get out of this thing alive . My favorite character was tough-chick Juno , who , like Burt Reynold 's macho-man character in DELIVERANCE , undergoes a severe attitude adjustment ! Sarah , the psychologically damaged one , emerges as the true strength of the group . I have watched this movie many times and will watch it many more ...
 Neil Marshall 's `` The Descent '' completely lives up to the hype ! It is one of the bloodiest horror films to ever play on the big screen for sure . It is the definition of claustrophobic & it is truly one of the most jump out of your seat scariest big screen horror flicks since Ridley Scott 's `` ALIEN '' . Just more proof that the great horror films & the great horror film Directors are comeing from the world of independent films . Even though the concept is n't so fresh it seems that everything else about it is . The cave creatures are brilliantly gruesome & realistic -LRB- great make up/efx -RRB- . Even with all the mostly dry & un-original remakes out there , the last 8-9 years has still produced some of the best horror films ever & `` The Descent '' is truly the final seal of approval that we horror movie fans will look back at the turn of the century as a great era in horror movie history let alone movie history in general . If I 'm Alive 20 years from now I will be so glad to say I saw this one in the theatre . A masterpiece !
 I was leery about seeing this film . I like a good scare and gore does n't bother me . But what I do n't like is cheap exploitation . Lion 's Gate has previously released stuff like SAW , HOSTEL and WOLF CREEK , which are all graphic , but more to the point , very unpleasant to watch . Unpleasant in a way that makes you feel like you just watched something very unseemly and need to take a shower.So I heard some good buzz about THE DESCENT , but still felt trepidation . I 'm glad I ignored my instinct in this case . THE DESCENT is in many ways the best film of the summer . It is promising to deliver something , and it delivers and then some !! Most other summer films -LRB- much larger -RRB- either promised and fell short -LRB- such as POSEIDON or MI :3 -RRB- or promised and came close to achieving -LRB- X-MEN 3 or PIRATES 2 -RRB- . THE DESCENT , while modest in scale , budget and ambition was a stunner.You probably know the basic story , but quickly ... it is about 6 British women who come to America to explore a cave in the Appalachians . Only what 5 of them do n't know is that their 6th friend has purposely led them to a scarcely known , totally unexplored , off-the-map cave with the goal of getting to name the place after themselves.Surprise , surprise ... the plan does n't go so well . They get into a great deal of trouble , and in many ways , the scariest part of the film is when you are actually able to get a sense of what it would be like to be about a mile underground , in an unmarked cave , with your only known way out hopelessly blocked , and no idea of what lies ahead . It literally made me shudder . Through much of the film , nothing `` supernatural '' happens , and frankly , it was a pretty darn exciting bit of work even then . But finally , the cave-dwelling mutants who will apparently eat anything they hear are introduced ... and all hell breaks loose.The confrontations with the mutants are horrific , noisy , sometimes graphic and yet somehow shot with a just a bit of taste and restraint . That 's not to say that blood and bone does n't spray , that horrible disembowlings do n't ensue , etc. . . but the dark of the cave leaves most of it somewhat to our imaginations . We see glimpes of the grotesque , but not all of it . The camera does n't linger over the gore ... there 's too much else going on.The best thing about the film , in my opinion , is that all 6 of these women -LRB- all very different characters -RRB- are intelligent , witty , smart and atheletic . They do n't make too many stupid mistakes . There are moments when their athleticism is brought to bear , and it is refreshing convincing . These actresses , who no doubt trained and buffed up some for the film , do n't LOOK like actresses who just trained and got buff for a film . They look like people who know what they 're doing . And while the director and writer do n't take a lot of time to establish deep characters -LRB- there is a cliched scene early on when they all get together at the cabin , get drunk and laugh when we get to sort of see each of them in the daylight and know who they are -RRB- , we still emphasize with all of them ... even the `` villian '' of the piece . I liked all the performances , and all these women should feel proud to have been in a `` slasher '' movie where they give back nearly as good as they got.The dynamics between the women are pretty interesting as well , and it 's remarkable just how cold-blooded they are allowed to be towards each other . This is n't a film where the survivors get together , despite their bickering , and find the way out through the monsters . They separate , they turn on each other , they form loose groups and unform them as well . It 's a great way to add richness to what is afterall a genre film we all know pretty well.I HIGHLY recommend this film . Why no 5th star ? Well , the very end of the film is not so great -LRB- although I 'm sure the original ending will be restored for DVD -RRB- and the cabin scene was less than stellar on the part of the director . But the other 80 out of 85 minutes are true edge-of-your-seat stuff . I was pretty well drained by the end , and so was my wife ... who also enjoyed it a great deal .
 First of all , let me say this -- I generally prefer my horror films with a psychological edge . Films like `` Seven , '' `` Do n't be Afraid of the Dark , '' `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' and the flawless `` Diabolique '' and `` Repulsion '' come to mind.But , I decided to give `` The Descent '' a try due to all the positive reviews I 'd heard . WOW -- WHAT A SURPRISE . This film is an exercise in unrelenting horror . This film is destined to be a classic . It is absolutely terrifying even before the first `` creature '' shows up.One minor flaw -- a few too many cheap `` jump out of the closet '' scares could have been omitted . But , I will admit -- the final scene left me jumping out of my seat . Perfect ending -- although not `` the original '' extremely downbeat ending that was shown in the U.K.Very violent , VERY GORY , and very scary -- if you like physical horror that gradually descends into psychological horror -- this film is for you . But be forewarned -- your heart will still be pounding for an extra 30 minutes after leaving the theater .
 The Descent is a stark and intense look of how more horror movies should be made in our era . This movie will never let up , it grabs you by the throat and never lets go . What makes this movie truely terrifying is the fact that being stuck in a claustrophobic indusing cave is scary enough , but NO ! They , they just have to stick in these deformed bat things in there . -LRB- Not that I 'm complaining ;-RRB- -RRB- This movie , even if you are not a fan of horror movies , or gore for that matter , this movie is definetly worth a look at.P.S
 ************ - Mini Spoiler - **************************************************************************************** Not only do you care about the characters , but you really feel sad when they die . This horror film is amazing , and fantastically done . 10 stars !!!!!!!
 So , I bought this movie on the advice of a friend . Typically I am not into survival horror movies with a female lead . I usually prefer the man since they are more physically imposing and generally more effective in combat ... yea yea mumble sexist under your breath all you want.Anyway , this movie has an all female cast going spelunking , however they get a bit of a surprise when they go to the wrong cave . I do not want to spoil anything for you but I think even without a monster menace the claustrophobic feeling and the attempts to escape would have made a pretty good movie.The filmmaker goes that extra mile though and inserts these creatures into the story . You will learn about their origin and it is very cool . I really dont think I have felt a sense of dread and hopelessness as strongly as I did in this movie . The poor girls are constantly assaulted by the environment and flesh eating monsters and although you feel bad for them , these girls are pretty hardcore and do some ugly and violent things to survive ... you go girls.If you are in the market for a new horror movie ... pick this up without delay . It is definitely in my top 5 and will probably be in yours too .
 This movie freaked me out quite a bit , and I 'm a bit unsure why . Yes , it 's kinda gory , but I think the dark , clostrophobic nature is what got me . Definetly worth at least a rent .
 Simply spine chilling !!! After a bit of drama in the beginning to set the relationship between these friends , the movie erupts into an action/thriller that had me biting my nails -LRB- something I have n't done for years -RRB- . This movie is ` otherworldly ' and may scare some would-be spelunkers away from dark , creepy caves forever , but it 's worth the risk if you love horror . If you liked ` Dog Soldiers ' , you 'll ` bite into ' this one . Grab your popcorn and hang on because once the creatures take the stage your eyes are glued wide open . -LRB- o.k , so I viewed bloody scenes from between my fingers the first time -RRB- . I watched it twice and still jumped at a few things I knew were coming . Very well-written . The cave/climbing shots and immense fear factor never go over the top , but they sure do raise your blood pressure a few notches . Excellent horror film ! I believe this director is really on a roll.P.S . Be sure to check out the beautiful mountain scenery.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 Last year heralded a ton of really good rated R horror films . From High Tension to Wolf Creek to Saw 2 to , most recently , Hostel , these films were terrifying , grotesque and gory . Onto this scene comes this gem of a movie from Dog Soldier 's director Neil Marshall . The Descent rivals all of the previously mentioned horror films in terms of horror . While it wo n't live up to the gore involved in the films above , it succeeds in topping all three in terms of abject horror and terror.What makes this review a difficult one to write is that I do n't want to tell you anything about it . I will tell you that its about a group of women who , every year , go on some sort of extreme sporting expedition . This year , they decide to go spelunking and what follows will test their friendship and their lives like no other event could . That 's about as much as I want to tell you . A lot of reviews and websites detail some things that happen about 30 minutes from the end of the film . And this is a film where the less you know , the better.Using pitch black tones with just hints of light , Marshall creates a great cinematic tapestry in which to thrust his characters . In this way , he creates a very claustrophobic atmosphere and presses down on you . He also plays with some of the horror conventions -LRB- like using a camera , for instance -RRB- to great and chilling effect.I have been watching horror films since before I really should have . While there have been films in which I have `` jumped '' or was spooked by something -LRB- loud noise , quick image or what have you -RRB- , this is the first film in which I have shouted . In fact , I almost fell out of my chair . And from that point on , I was on pins and needles . It was genuinely thrilling to finally have a movie terrify me to the point where I just sat there and watched the credits roll for a few minutes.I would definitely recommend this film to any and all horror fans . It is probably the most terrifying movie I have seen in a very long time . And is hands down the best horror film I have seen in the last year .
 This is quite simply one of the best horror movies ever made . And this comes from a person who watches almost nothing but horror every day . Never has a movie been so bleak since `` John Carpenter 's The Thing '' . Neil Marshall first made his mark on `` Dog Soldiers '' , another excellent film , and the direction here was even more fantastic . The all-female cast was perfect , just spot-on , and the creatures both looked and acted like no others I have ever seen . The gore was immense , absolutely amazing , you will do yourself a favor by picking up the unrated version of the film . This movie is beyond your typical hack n ' slash horror film , the characters are so greatly fleshed out you really get a chance to know and become attached to them . None of the women are just disposable gore fodder . Bloody , disgusting , frightening , claustrophobic , amazing . This is one of my favorite movies , if not my favorite , ever made .
 I guess I 'll start out by saying I went into this film with extremely high hopes , which is something you should never do . I had read countless great reviews of the film in every single horror mag/movie site over the last few months , some of them even going as far as to say it was the best horror thriller since Alien . Hearing it being compared to Alien had me both curious and worried at the same time . As far as I 'm concerned , the first two Alien films are absolute masterpieces , and I did n't think it was right of a reviewer to give people such high expectations.How wrong I was , and how right those comparisons were.For once , a film not only lived up to all of the hype , it was even better than advertised . I can say right now with confidence that after only one viewing , this is one of my top five horror films of all time . I 'm also going to have to redo my top 10 films of all time because The Descent is most certainly deserving of being in that list as well . Writer/Director Neil Marshall really has given us the first ORIGINAL bona fide classic horror film since Alien . I agree with that statement 100 % now after having seen the film . I raved about The Hills Have Eyes remake that was released back in March , but the bottom line is that it was a remake . Alexandre Aja did a phenominal job with that film , and I take NONE of the praise I gave it back , but the fact that it was a remake disqualifies it from being considered the Best Original Horror Film Since Alien . That is unfortunate because Hills was fantastic , but that 's the facts . Besides , it makes it easier for me anyway since I thought both films were phenominal , and would prefer not to have to choose between them.As far as this film is concerned , I want to first say that the TV/Radio ads are painting this film to be something that it definitely is not , which is kind of annoying . This film has nothing whatsoever to do with Saw or Hostel , other than the fact that it was distributed by Lions Gate . The similarites end there . I liked Saw , loved Hostel , but quite simply put this film is flat out better than both of them on every conceiveable level . No disrespect intended to my MySpace friend -LRB- and Hostel director -RRB- Eli Roth either ;-RRB- This is not a torture film . It is actually a monster film , but a monster film like none I have ever seen . The story is that six women get together once a year and do different outdoor adventures . A year after one of them loses her husband and daughter due to a horrific accident , they get together for their yearly adventure to try to help her get over the tragedy . This particular year they decide they want to go spelunking , which is exploring caves . When they get down there they find out there are more to be afraid of in said caves then bats ... I thought the character setup of all six women was fantastic . They are all very believeable characters , and there is n't a bad actress in the bunch . I 'm not sure I 've ever seen a horror film where all of the characters are women . It definitely puts a different spin on it , and was a brilliant idea in my opinion . The pacing of the film is excellent as well . Marshall moves things along quickly to get to the meat of the story , but not so fast that you do n't get to know each of the characters . A lot of times in horror films you do n't really get to know the characters , so you could care less if they live or die . Not in this film . The minute I started feeling genuinely sad for one of them in a particularly gruesome moment was when I knew Marshall hit a homerun with this flick . I do n't think I 've ever had that happen during a horror film before , and I doubt it ever will again . You definitely CARE about these women , and when bad things happen to them , you have a different reaction then with 99.99 % of the rest of the horror films I 've seen . There is no winking at the audience going on in The Descent . This is horror that is meant to be just that , horror . Marshall went for the laughs in his first film , Dog Soldiers , but not this time around . This film is deadly serious and that 's what makes it so wickedly good.All of the stuff in the caves is so wonderfully shot that I still ca n't believe they were sets . I would never have known had I not read an interview with Marshall saying they were . The way the cave sequences are shot makes you feel like you 're in there with the characters . I 'm wondering how that effect will translate seeing it on a TV screen when it comes out on DVD . I 'm sure some of that effect will be taken away , but I have a feeling it will still feel very claustrophobic . That is obviously what he was going for , and he definitely hit the mark.Marshall takes his time getting to the creatures , which is the right way to do it . If you reveal your monster -LRB- s -RRB- too early , the payoff is never quite as effective as it is when you have a slow buildup . The absolute best creature reveal shot I have ever seen introduces the `` crawlers '' . It is done using night vision , and is one of the spookiest images I 've ever layed my eyes on . Let 's put it this way , I consider myself to be pretty immune to most `` scary '' visuals , but even I felt a bit unsettled . And it had no gore to speak of ! Just the odd night vision lighting , a fantastic creature design , and an overall creepy feel . Marshall said that he wants to keep his films as CGI Free as he can , and chose to go all practical with the creatures . No CGI on them to speak of . He did this flick old school , and the results were nothing short of spectacular . The creatures are supposed to be the evolution of cavemen who were trapped in this cave , and adapted to their environment . Like bats they can not see , and use sound as their way of tracking their victims . They slightly resemble the vampire from Salem 's Lot , so I was not at all surprised to read that the creature designer was a fan of that film . The thing about these creatures that I really liked is that I could actually see their existence being possible . Humans technically are animals , and all animals can evolve to adapt to their surroundings . It 's entirely possible that this could have happened in an undisturbed cave . You never know . I know this though , I 'm not going to be the one to find out ! Aside from the creature factor , those caves are extremely dangerous , and I would get entirely too claustrophobic to set foot in one . This flick has soured me on caves just like JAWS did for people in the 70 's with the ocean!There are also some very interesting plot twists that go on between the characters which make the story that much more interesting . I wo n't go into any spoilers , let 's just say this is not your average `` people running from monsters '' scenario . There are some underlying tensions that make the situation the characters are in all the more real . And all the more tragic.The only complaint I have is directed at Lions Gate . Marshall could n't do a thing about this , so I refuse to let it affect my review of his film . Apparently Lions Gate decided that they wanted to cut the final minute of the film out to end it on a more `` American Jump Cut Horror Ending '' . I saw the remaining minute that was cut out on YouTube , and I have to say they made a big mistake doing it that way . The original ending was absolutely fantastic , and much darker . It tied the film together perfectly and should never have been cut . Shame on you Lions Gate . That was the director 's vision and you should have kept your big noses out of it . The American ending by no means ruins the film . It 's just annoying knowing this original ending is what was intended , and was foolishly taken out for no good reason at all . Having said that , PLEASE do not let that affect your decision of seeing this film in the theater . It absolutely HAS to be experienced in the theater to be fully appreciated . I am going to post a link here to the original ending . After you have seen the film , you can come back here and check it out . I guess it 's not that big of a deal though . In a recent interview , Marshall said that the American release of the DVD will absolutely have the original ending included , so this will only annoy me in the theater.I 've used the `` rollercoaster ride '' analogy in film reviews before , but never has that analogy been more perfect than with The Descent . This flick should be shown at every film school on the planet to teach students the art of building tension . Marshall does this so well that I 'm a little shocked this is only his second film ! Think of the biggest , baddest coaster you 've ever been on , and the feeling you had when you got off . That 's the feeling I got when this film ended . It is tightly directed , beautifully shot , extremely well acted , and deliciously scary . I 've seen a lot of great horror films in the past couple years , but The Descent has done the antithesis of its title . It has ascended to being one of the very best films -LRB- horror or otherwise -RRB- that I have ever seen . Thank you Neil `` Savior Of Horror '' Marshall for this horror masterpiece . I 'll be enjoying it for many years to come .
 I honestly do n't understand the ending in the US version versus the original . Not only does it defeat the purpose of the * ENTIRE * movie and Sarah 's character -LRB- much like I Am Legend , whose film adaptation made the title insensible -RRB- , it 's not scary , it 's not interesting , it 's not profound , and it 's in no way an improvement over the original . It degrades the film into nothing more than a gorefest because it leaves out the absolutely critical final shots that explain everything . One has to wonder who got the idea to leave out the final minute in the original , which was nothing more than a single shot that explained literally everything about Sarah and her motives throughout the entire film . It was the conclusion to a long series of strange happenings , and it made perfect sense . The US version does n't make sense . At all . The last minute defines the point of the film , but when it 's taken out , it makes the entire premise insensible . The loose ends are n't tied up , Sarah 's motivations are n't revealed , and we get what amounts to a useless and cheap screamer ending that makes no sense whatsoever . Ending changes are very rarely this senseless , as if the director or studio must have thought it was a good idea for some reason none of us understands.Having said that , this is a truly excellent flick about the psychological aspects of real horror among normal people caught in a bad situation out of good motives . It particularly focuses around Sarah , who we see as the only survivor in a gruesome car crash that kills her husband and daughter , but she survives . The rest of the film happens a year later , when everyone just wants , basically , to get Sarah out of the house and back into life , and out of her unrelenting despair . Before they actually enter the cave , we get a feel for the characters and their own reactions to Sarah 's tragedy . The awkwardness that permeates everything is always there , as it would be in real life , and Sarah is just trying to make the most of it . The rest of the film can be summed up as Sarah being placed in a situation in which there is seemingly no escape for her or any of her friends as they 're killed one after another.The film is pretty keen with its use of gore . None of it is pointless . It 's meant to shock , but to shock for a reason . It 's well-placed and directly relates to each character in their own reactions . Without the gore , it would n't look as natural to see their respective sanities begin to slip . When we ultimately get down to how Sarah handles it , we see the result of everything that 's happened since the accident that left her without any family , nearly all her friends dead , and a transformation in her that culminates in the excellent final couple of shots in the UK ending . Now , you wo n't get that in the US version , which chooses instead to be a pointless horror flick without all that awful depth that the film is designed to have about people in utter despair and desperation.Really , this is such a totally different film from the one we got in US theaters that it becomes a completely different being . Practically everything is different , especially its tone and purpose . The US version was intentionally shallow and designed for cheap thrills . The original was n't nearly so asinine in its approach , and is definitely worth several watches . There are little details that can be noticed that make it stand out as a truly well-designed character study and horror film in one.Very highly recommended , especially if you have n't seen the original and have only seen the very severely cut US version . It 's definitely up high as one of my favorite films of all time for its original portrayal of Sarah and her transformation throughout the film , as well as the interactions between the characters , which is surprisingly convincing , the way people would normally react to such events happening around them . Just excellent .
 Well I 'll try not to say much . This film is one of the highest rated films I 've read about in the past year . Rarely have I seen this film get reviewed and not get at least 4 stars . That wo n't neccessarily be the case with customer reviews , since J.A. Lieder -LRB- I think that was the name -RRB- thinks the film is really bad . Not that a critics opinion really matters , but in my opinion , if Roger Ebert gives a HORROR film I like -LRB- and I liked ` Hostel ' , although for different reasons than others and I 'll be the first to admit it 's flaws -RRB- 4 stars , then that tells me this film has a certain accessibility . Newer films like `` Hostel '' and `` The Hills Have Eyes '' , while enjoyable horror films IMO , are very limited with the kind of audience that will want to watch it more than once , and in some cases even finish it . Everyone that I have met that has seen this movie , even the ones that are n't horror fans , thought it was awesome . A friend of mine who does n't like gore , and who is going to film school , thought the movie was well written and intense . He even used the term `` Greek Tragedy '' to describe it . That 's a first.Any who , tonight I became envious of a friend of mine who I showed this film to . She did n't even hear about this film . All I told her was `` You 're coming over to watch my favorite horror film of the year . It 's like ` Alien ' , and as amazing as ` The Thing ' , in the woods . '' I later said the cast is pretty much all female . In all honesty that should n't matter but it really adds that much more to the story considering a specific conflict -LRB- s -RRB- that occurs in the film . The point being , she had no idea what she was in for . I turned out all the lights , and did n't talk . She loves horror films , and was absolutely frightened . I 'm so jealous of that because I 've been following the film since it 's July 2005 release in the U.K. and missed it by a couple of hours at The Sundance Film Festival , so the surprise factor was somewhat diminished.There are plenty of reviewers who have described the story and why its good , so if you want to learn more about the film I suggest reading earlier reviews . All I will say is , I was so goddamn happy when this film was over because this is the horror film I 've been waiting for for years . I just wanted to watch it again and again . Heck my friend who was horrified even admitted she wanted to watch it back to back!One thing no one really mentions when discussing this film is the music score . David Julyan , who has done films for Christopher Nolan like ` Memento ' and ` The Prestige ' , has made quite possible my favorite score this year . Neil Marshall used his work for the remake of ` Insomnia ' as a temp-track , and they both have similarities . David crafts a rather unlikely score for a horror film that could work in a serious drama or even at times an epic like ` The Lord of the Rings ' . That 's not to say it is better but I was very surprised by the way it sounds . The score knows how to let the sound design come through in the film though , which is nice . There are some intense dissonant clashes of noise , and even some rhythmic action-movie styled moments , but there is one song -LRB- track 19 or 20 on the soundtrack , I like it so much I own it . I 've been listening to it since ` The Descent ' left theaters and listening to it has made me so impatient for this dvd release -RRB- that affected my emotions . I ca n't describe the scene , but the music is very diatonic , using mostly -LRB- I have n't analyzed completely -RRB- just the natural minor scale . The build ups feel so powerful , and there are parts where different instruments will descend scale wise while others ascend , creating an amazing harmony . David knows how to employ the dissonance between certain melodic intervals that really just grabs me . This might sound lame , but I almost cried in this movie because of it . Very melancholic.It just seems like everything about this movie works so well . I 'm very surprised that some people think it is bad . Although , there is one actress who at times delivered lines where I thought `` Eh ... should have re-shot that , '' but I can forgive it considering everything else about it shows the film industry how you 're REALLY supposed to make a horror film.I saw this film twice in one day . The first very early in the afternoon all by myself , where I was frightened , and in the evening with almost a sold out showing , where I have n't heard so much nervous laughter and screaming in my entire life . If you are a horror fan , you owe it to yourself to see this . If you do n't like it , eh , what can I say ? It 's all subjective I guess . If you appreciate cinema this is definitely worth checking out . And one last thing , this was one of the scariest movie watching experiences of my life , but that 's just me .
 The British horror industry seems to be coming back to life in recent years , and Neil Marshall 's sophomore film `` The Descent '' is the latest impressive addition to the growing catalogue . Marshall previously directed the much , perhaps excessively , lauded `` Dog Soldiers '' . I thought `` Dog Soldiers '' was good , but not altogether remarkable , and `` The Descent '' is definitely a cut above that , and falls into the upper tier of horror films . Though `` Dog Soldiers '' was n't quite a horror-comedy it was definitely a relatively lighthearted , fun and humorous horror movie , while `` The Descent '' is much darker and more serious . The setup , as in most horror movies , is exceedingly simple
 First of all , I want to say , that I am a movie buff . I watch all kinds of movies from action , comedy , horror , suspense , sci-fi , drama , love story , and westerns . As far as horror movies are concern Directors really do not conduct as good as job as in the other catagories listed above . However , this movie -LRB- The descent -RRB- is head and shoulders above all the other horror movies in the last past ten to twenty years or since Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee collaboration . Moreover , the plot is about five women that are close friends . They take their girlfriend on a cave exploring journey to cheer her up , because she just lost her husband and son in a car accident . One of the women has a secret that could make this expedition turn really ugly . In addition , the women get trapped and must find a way out after realizing that they are not the only ones in the cave and they do not possess a map of their location . The team has to pull together and fight for their lives against the creatures that can not see , but they do have keen sense of hearing . This movie has very good acting . The flow of the movie is good along with the action and fight scenes . I thought that this movie did very well for not having all of the high paid movie stars of the today 's world . You can not go wrong by purchasing or renting this movie . Although when it comes out December 26 , 2006 , I will definitely add this to my DVD -LRB- movie -RRB- collection .
 When I was laid out in the hospital , my friends came to keep me company with their laptop and this movie `` The Descent '' . It was definitely one of the scariest , nail biting movies I 've seen and it sure didnt make me feel so good to be all alone after they left !!! Had to call the nurse to keep my light on at night -LRB- :
 A tight-knit trio of outdoorsy ladies invite some friends along for a weekend of alcohol and spelunking , but ultimately bite off more than they can chew in an uncharted system of North Carolina caverns . Darkness is an essential ingredient of any good horror flick , and after a chamber collapses shortly into the expedition , there 's no shortage of that . The tight quarters add an appreciable element of claustrophobia to the mix , too , which really heightens the tension when a creepy tribe of pale , man-eating creatures appear and begin picking off stragglers . It 's a good recipe , with plenty of quality spooks , but the low visibility and lack of characterization for most of the supporting cast meant I was playing guess-the-victim during the hairier scenes . Still , points for proficiency and for testing a few new tricks on a tried-and-true formula .
 A Bunch of Women who want to be Men well not all of them , go into a Cave -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and meet some interesting Things on the way down -LRB- That 's what she said -RRB- , and so these `` Things '' Or Creatures apparently have it out for them , Short and Silly review but hey it is what is , I did like the Movie and I certainly Enjoyed it More than The Descent 2 .
 Unusual horror flick
 First off I have to give credit to someone on IMDB -LRB- grayden1977 -RRB- who mentioned the symbolism in this film . Prior to reading that review I found this to be an average movie . But once you realise the importance of metaphors , this turns out to be a great horror story.Basically , this movie explores the dark side of the human psyche - the side that we do n't show and find hard to confront . Nonetheless it 's the part of us that is roused when we need to conquer our demons and set things right . This movie could be summarised as an allegorical telling of a particularly nasty argument between two friends - one where no punches are pulled and everything is dragged into the open.The film begins with a group of friends who are whitewater rafting . The husband and daughter of one of the women -LRB- Sarah -RRB- stand nearby watching . On the drive back , Sarah 's husband seems distracted by something and ends up crashing the car leaving Sarah as the only survivor.We then skip to a year later . The five friends have planned another trip with Sarah , in part to lift her spirits but also to bring them together again -LRB- we find out that certain girls have n't visited her since the accident -RRB- . The trip is headed up by Juno , a risk-taking , adrenaline junkie who 's planned out a caving expedition for them . She continually states that the trip is for Sarah.We soon learn that Juno had been having an affair with Sarah 's husband , which may have been why he was distracted on the day of the accident - it is not clear if Sarah is aware of the affair.The day of their trip starts slowly but the pace soon picks up and they 're quickly within the cave . It does n't take long for the girls to get into trouble but it 's just the start of their nightmarish ordeal . The cave is a metaphor for Sarah 's subconscious , which is still troubled by the death of her family . What happens within the cave is how her morality manifests itself in the physical world.Throughout the movie , the viewer is challenged with claustrophobia-inducing camerawork , an inventive use of colours , light and darkness and a good deal of gore . But the scariest part is being let into the mind of a grieving woman looking for solace who finds something truly horrifying . *** SPOILERS *** I hate to mention spoilers in a review but this stuff is just too good to pass up . Since it is Juno that leads Sarah and the girls into the cave -LRB- and ultimately gets them trapped and lost -RRB- , we can assume that she is the reason Sarah has been forced to confront the death of her family and the possible causes for it.We get plenty of hints that Juno was having an affair with Sarah 's husband and this may have been why he was distracted that day . I interpreted Sarah 's morality as somewhat twisted by this point -LRB- hence the dark cave , collapsed tunnels and strange monsters -RRB- and this is why she feels that Juno is responsible for her family 's death.Juno was definitely selfish , neglected to bring a map and left one of their friends to die , but she also tried to save Holly from being dragged away . It 's interesting that she tries to save Holly without anyone else around but then leaves the other girl -LRB- whom she accidentally killed -RRB- to die by herself . Later , when Sarah is separated from the group , Juno makes a `` public '' show of `` not leaving without Sarah '' . I did n't really like the way the monsters looked but I think they were intentionally humanoid because they represent Sarah 's `` demons '' ; specifically , they represent Sarah 's evil desire to kill Juno.The ending might be seen as cliched , especially since it involves a dream-like sequence , but I think it works in this case and it was n't a cheap way of tying up loose ends -LRB- as is the case in many other movies -RRB- .
 This is the best horror movie I 've seen due to the realism of the cave creatures . They are undoubtedly the perfect `` monsters '' ever created for a horror movie . I did n't like the ending , but liked the movie so much , I have watched it more than once . The Blu-ray DVD quality is absolutely amazing . Special features included with the DVD are excellent . However , watch them only after viewing the movie , as they show a lot of how the movie was made and will take away some of the suspense . Very scary because it is so realistic !
 ... and worth picking up , there 's some good creepy moments here . I just could n't get over Batboy being the main antagonist , though , so it felt a little more humorous than scary.T
 This movie was really great , I was n't expecting much , but this movie has more blood than any horror movie I 've seen so far . Good story , very scary at times , and I do n't scare easily , enjoyed this movie very much .
 Version
 I could just say `` WOW '' and leave it at that ! If you like scary movies , movies with lots of action , and movies that you finish watching and want to watch again just because IT WAS THAT GOOD ... well , then buy this movie !! It has become one of my favorite movies of all time , and I 've watched a lot of horror movies !!
 The Descent is one of the best horror movies I 've ever watched . It 's actually scary , the gore is gut-wrenching , the setting is great , and the creature designs are great . If you love horror movies , you need to watch this movie because it 's the best horror movie made in over a decade.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 I think it 's safe to say that in this horror movie many fears are played upon . There 's claustrophobia , darkness , underground carnvivorous mutants , and much more . There 's no male macho character to save the day either , it 's all ladies here , and these are some tough yet feminine women . There were times when I found it hard to breathe when watching this movie , it was totally creepy . I do n't scare easily and I thought this movie WAS VERY SCARY ! I absolutely loved it . For being a Lion 's Gate film it was suprisingly well done . I barely see this on TV so that 's a bummer . I 'm glad I bought the UNRATED DVD so I can enjoy it as many times as I wish . BRAVO ! I found another horror favorite .
 Overall this movie is the best about sound , image , etc. . Just be carefully because you are going to need update your firmware from 1.50 to 1.55 bluray device or Play Station 3 higher than 1.3 . Please BUY IT NOW but do n't see it alone .
 Breaking the mold of typical chick flicks , The Descent features a group of young women who seek their good times in the most unlikely of places - caves ! This film details the story of a girls ' weekend in the woods , filled with gossip , laughter , and - of course - spelunking . Rebellious Juno learns an important lesson about telling the truth as she leads the girls on their expedition into a breathtakingly expansive cave , and the group of girls are delightfully excited to discover a previously unknown species of cave creature with fiesty personalities . Sarah , the protagonist , teaches us , the viewers , to be brave in the face of adversity , and above all else , to have trust in yourself !
 I have n't seen a movie like this one in ages . It was bloody , messy and very creepy . The Descent is purely terrifying . It will provide you with an experience that relates entirely to those of the characters on screen . Each one is trapped , isolated and alone . The film , like it 's big brother ` Dog Soldiers ' , takes British horror to it 's deserved glory . Unlike such films as ` Creep ' , which was a complete mess , The Descent is a chilling experience that places believable characters into a situation that is strangely real , despite the obvious fiction.Films with great gore abound , for example Jason X , with the audience just waiting for the next gruesome killing to end the tedium in between . However , The Descent keeps you at the edge of your seat throughout , struggling for breath as you feel the walls closing in . This is a film to watch in a very dark room with great surround sound . This is a must watch film for those who complain that horror films just are n't scary anymore . Just make sure that whoever you take with you is prepared for the experience . Word of mouth is sure to make this film a success .
 I have seen this movie three times and own it on DVD . It is one of the best and smartest horror movies of the last 5 years . Also the film work is great . What a very pleasant surprise it was as I never expected to be so good .
 I loved the coming attractions more than the flick but it is still good epescially if you like the this type of flick . I think if they did n't show the creatures so much it would have been a little more scarier . Either way it seems very original at least midway through the end . I own it and have watched it a few times . It definitley has replay value . Watch it in the dark .
 If you love horror , and have n't seen The Descent , you are really depriving yourself of a real treat . I missed out on it 's theatrical run , so bought this movie after hearing others talk about it . It 's got it all gore , suspense , original creatures ... and for those of you that are claustrophobic . . a real sense of dread !
 This is a very well done horror film , dealing not only with the gruesome creatures dwelling deep within the cave , but also with the conflicts and secrets among the doomed spelunkers . I was glad to see the director not take the easy way out with one person escaping . Instead , she has a vision of her deceased daughter before the creatures descend upon her . Not for the faint of heart .
 I am a lover of scary movies . I have not found a scary movie to make me jump for a long time . I caught some distance out of my chair on this movie . its not your typicall disqusting horror movie like so many movies are these days . this movie is actually done to scare you , not gross you out . Be 4 warned there is some slashing to be done in the darkness of the caves .
 Besides the ending , which leaves you scratching your head , The Descent was excellent . The vague ending didnt bother me that much . It lets you end it the way you want to in your own mind . Did that really happen the way I seen it ? What exactly happened ? What was real and what was in that persons head ? It ended in a way that leads to talk after the film on what YOU think happened . And I like that.What this movie does extremely well is the fear of tight spaces . I am not claustrophobic AT ALL but this film had me freaked out even before all heck broke loose . The girls fit thru tight shafts about 18 inches square , some filled with water . Gasping for air , the roof falling in on them . It had me on edge just from that . Another plus for the movie what that `` the crawlers '' did not show up until about 45-50 minutes in . Up to that point all you had to be afraid of was the girls getting trapt underground . It was as if the film maker wanted to lull you into thinking nothing was lurking in the shadows . Then BAM , over half way thru the movie `` the crawlers '' pop out and the whole mood changes.These nasty buggers have no sight , pale white skin and sharp hearing . They never see the light of day . They have been living in these caves for hundreds of years . Were they once human ? I think so . And living in the darkness for centuries they lost sight , gained hearing and lost the ability to speak . These guys are gross . The way they move sends chills . They creap around and you never know when they will pop out.I suggest you pop The Descent in for friends and dont tell anyone what the plot of the movie is . Nearly an hour will go by without anyone guessing what the movie is really about . It will shock everyone I promise you ! AWESOME !!!!
 Plain and simple , I loved this movie . What Marshall has crafted is easily the type of exuberantly horrific wonderment that can get me yammering about its virtues until the cows come home and the chickens finally discover their roost . Shocking , scary , thrilling and so fantastic it can chill you to the very bone , `` The Descent '' is a free-fall into fear that simply can not be missed.Not since James Cameron burst onto the scene with `` The Terminator '' has a director crafted as deliriously kinetic a calling card as writer/director Neil Marshall does with his new horrific subterranean adventure `` The Descent . '' Following up his 2002 giddy soldier vs. werewolf movie `` Dog Soldiers , '' the filmmaker has created one of the most deliciously terrifying adventures as any I 've seen in years . This is a beautiful movie , a sublimely eerie meditation on why we 're all afraid of the dark and an examination of why the deepest fears are n't the ones attacking from the outside , but the ones gurgling up from within .
 I 'm not a horror film buff , but I know a great horror flick when I see one , and `` The Descent '' is probably the best entry in the genre in a very long time . Most movies of this type lose their ability to scare -LRB- me , anyway -RRB- by the second viewing . Not `` The Descent . '' Feelings of claustrophobia , panic , disorientation and dread cropped up even when I watched this movie a third time.This is a combination adventure/monster movie . It 's got all the physical action of an Indiana Jones flick -LRB- only played out by six women ! -RRB- , mixed with the gory shocks of the original Alien . Seemingly against the odds , director Neil Marshall succeeds beyond my wildest expectations . I cared about the characters , I was sickened , I was disturbed . What more can you ask from a movie about cavers going up against man-eating bat creatures?The cast is uniformly excellent . Marshall 's direction is brilliant . The sets are completely convincing . The scares are well placed and effective . I never thought I 'd say this , but I loved both endings . The cinematography and music are first-rate . What sticks in my mind most of all is the first encounter with the Crawlers . I wo n't give it away , but the reveal of the cannibal in the bone room is , quite simply , the most effective shock I 've ever seen in a movie . Marshall places it at just the right moment , so that you never quite know when to expect it ... and then BANG ! Who the hell is THAT guy ?!? Great movie .
 I love horror/thriller movies with gore and it seems that latley that none of these movies can actually make you jump or scream but this one did . I had no idea of what to expect I thought this would be another dumb desparate movie like the grudge or cursed but it turns out that this is actually a very scary movie . Another reviewer claimed we did n't get a chance to know the characters but I think we learned enough about them in the first 30 minutes of the movie . The claustrophobic parts of the movie were great . Especially when that one girl starts having a panic attack . When she first thinks she saw something I thought it kinda looked like Gollum . But overall if you know someone who has n't seen this movie make them watch it with you so you can have the pleasure of seeing them scream or jump . TEHEHE ... A very good movie
 I do n't watch much horror ... usually never makes sense . The Descent had very good acting , and what I thought a decent plot to follow . I especially enjoyed the interactions and changes all the women went through as things got progressively worse . At first , I did n't like the ending , but on furthur re-viewing , it made sense . Yes , there were a few stereotypical horror scenes , but on a scale of 1-10 my rating would be an 8 . Very good , indeed .
 I wanted to rate this 5 stars but there are several things , I felt , that could have made this good movie into a great movie . But let me begin by saying what a joyous thrill it was to finally watch a modern horror film that mangaged to be scary , suspenseful , disturbing and genuinely creepy . What an experience it was to see these women battle something so heinus , so imaginatively disturbing , so humanly wrong that my jaw was sore from holding my mouth open for 90 minutes . Do n't waste your time thinking you 'll know what is going to play out in this film because you will be dead wrong . The films disturbingly wondrous discoveries are part of its powerful impact . And that 's all I 'll say about the great qualities this movie posesses.I enjoy the opportunity to `` remake '' a movie as to how I think it should have been made . So , let me start by saying that the beginning needs to go . Movies need to land on their feet running , and to have us sludge through back story and needless character development is a waste of precious film time . The movie should have started from the moment they decend into the cave . A few hints and commments about their life stories and why they are all together could have been done during the cave exploration scenes . Nevermind the overused explanation as to why they were on this trip to begin with -LRB- the tragic death of a loved one prompts the characters to go on a retreat to recouperate and deal with their grief -RRB- . It simply does n't matter . I also felt that there were too many characters . I say this only because it grew rather confusing to keep track of who was who when certain characters were in peril . Throw in the darkness of the cave and it was even more confusing to identify who the victims were . Finally , I have to mention the AWFUL ending . I wo n't reveal it but I will just say it deflates the incredible adrenline rush that the brilliant last hour of the film provides .
 Great atmosphere , amazing effects , incredible pulse raceing mayham and an interesting story to boot . Amazing horror film !
 This movie reminded me a lot of `` Wolf Creek '' It starts very conventional and boring in the beginning -LRB- aside from the death in the beginning -RRB- but then starts building up adrenaline as it progress . This film is far , far better -LRB- and has more surprises -RRB- than some of the lackluster flicks like `` Hills Have Eyes '' , and `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre
 When walking into the theater Friday night I had high expectations . This film has been hyped up by critics of all people as one of the scariest films in the past years and that to me says a lot . I 've been so disappointed lately with the slump in genuine horror films that I had all but given up in really finding a worthy scare ... that was until I heard about ` The Descent ' . Granted , there have been horror films of late that have proven to be watchable , to be intense and at times , yes even a little scary , but nothing that had my skin crawling . I wanted to feel trapped , helpless and alone . I can honestly say that throughout the majority of this film that is how I felt , even though the theater was packed and my brother was sitting right next to me . ` The Descent ' centers on a group of women who enjoy pushing themselves to the limit . The movie opens with three of them , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- and Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- rafting down some rapids while Sarah 's husband and daughter watch in amazement . These girls are fearless ... until tragedy strikes in the form of a freak accident that takes the life of Sarah 's family . A year later the three girls meet again for their yearly adventure , this time in the Appellation Mountains for some caving . They meet up with three other girls , sisters Sam -LRB- MyAnna Buring -RRB- and Rebecca -LRB- Saskia Mulder -RRB- and new addition Holly -LRB- Nora-Jane Noone -RRB- , all of whom we have a few minutes to get to know , and then they 're off . Juno is the leader of the group , she called the group together for their adventure and she serves as their guide . The only problem is she 's not much of a guide being that she does n't know the cave 's they enter.Soon after entering these unknown , uncharted and undiscovered caves the girls become trapped when their point of entry caves in . Without a map these girls have to find their way out , find another exit by burrowing deeper into the cave . This fills the viewer with a sense of claustrophobia that does n't go away until the credits role . The monsters have n't even shown up and you 're already on edge . Everything around these girls is foreign to them , is a potential danger . They are forced to push themselves as far as they can go , to the point of wanting to give up for everything looks helpless . The viewer is also forced to feel this way . I had what I wanted . I felt trapped as they did , I felt helpless as they did , and once the creatures show up , and in a rush of panic the girls separate ... I felt alone as they did.From the moment the crawlers show up the movie takes a frantic turn from increasingly creepy and atmospheric to intense and horrific as these girls fight to survive , let alone escape . As intentions are revealed between the girls it also makes things all the more horrifying for you do n't know who to trust . If you ca n't trust anyone then you truly are alone . The pace does n't let up once the creatures are on the screen , and your heart wo n't stop racing either . As some of the critics have pointed out , this is a truly horrific film with images that wo n't leave you anytime soon , and yes , while I was able to sleep alright and did n't toss and turn in fear I was haunted by what I saw . This is not a film for the squeamish , that 's a fact not an opinion . Neil Marshall did a brilliant job directing this film , giving it the raw edge that true horror films need , giving it not only jump scenes with blood and gore but building a layer , a foundation of fear before the first drop of blood is shed . And the actresses need to be commended for proving to be believable as well as likable , never ` over-acting ' but giving us the feel that this is really happening and that these women are really that petrified -LRB- as I 'm sure even the manliest of men would be in that given situation -RRB- . Amazing job all the way around without much of a single drawback.I do say ` without much ' and I only say that because of the ending . Now I 've seen the US version so I ca n't speak for the UK version that has a different ending I hear . The US ending , while not horrible , leaves you wondering what is really going on . I have my ideas , that of which I wo n't share so as not to spoil anything , but I will say that it reminded me a bit of the way I felt after watching ` The Ring ' . The only drawback to that film was that the ending did n't answer any of our questions , it just added to the confusion . I felt that way after watching ` The Descent ' ... confused ... but it 's not really enough to harp on . The movie does enough redeeming work BEFORE the ending that it 's easily forgiven .
 I absolutely love the horror genre and it is films like ` The Descent ' that keep me coming back for more . This film , unlike most horror films which rely solely on the gore factor , plays on many different levels . This film delivers both ends of the fear spectrum and at the same time.I 've never been a fan of monster movies -LRB- e.g. Friday the 13th , Halloween , A Nightmare on Elm Street , etc. -RRB- , but this film is n't just a monster movie , it has logic , is very intelligent , and extremely intense from start to finish ; exactly what a classic horror film should be.Unfortunately , there will be an edited version in US theatres , so if you get a chance , check out the UK version . But regardless of what version you get to watch , you wo n't be disappointed with this brilliant film !
 the atmosphere is fantastic ... ALL the female actors are superb ... the film score is eerily wonderful -LRB- no METAL MUSIC thank God ! -RRB- the story is concise with UNPREDICTABLE reveals ... the tension is VERY palpable ... VERY VERY palpable ... the U.K. ending is much better than the U.S. version ... this film had me squirming . i chewed a hole in my lip and nearly jettisoned myself from my theater chair several times . this is BY FAR the best horror film i have seen in many years . if you are reading this i 'm sure you know the basic story -LRB- female spelunkers in SERIOUS trouble -RRB- but it is actually alot more complex a tale than that . psychological AS WELL AS physical , THE DESCENT avoids many of the cliches that have RUINED films of this genre . expertly filmed and edited -LRB- with the GLARING exception of the `` U.S. ENDING '' cut -RRB- , ... this will go down as one of the CLASSIC films of the genre . 5 stalagmites up !!! p.s. if you have seen this film ... DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and look on the web for the British ending . it ties up the story MUCH better and -LRB- albeit darker -RRB- is a better conclusion to the film .
 Every year studios spew out a multitude of boring , uninspired , and idiotic horror movies on the masses . And every year a few diamonds are found among all that rubble and trash . THE DESCENT is one of those diamonds . An tragic tale of an innocent cavejumping expedition gone wrong . So what 's to love about this flick?Well I enjoyed the story . There were so many elements . The cave dwellers are just a small part of a bigger tapestry . The characters are well written . I loved that the women featured in this film were experienced athletes . No bimbos tripping over high heels here . I was blown away by the big reveal as to why they are in that cave in the first place . Yeah , there 's blood and guts here and there but it 's the psychological stuff that really hits home . I was more terrified of Sarah getting stuck in a crawlspace than a cave ghoul leaping from the ceiling . Not as gory as advertised but what is shown should satisfy slasher fans . And it 's not just the monsters dealing the pain either.My only concern is that THE DESCENT may not translate as well to DVD . The theater experience was incredible so I figure if you do n't have one of those super-duper home systems then just shut off all the lights and light sources and hopefully that will be just as good . This is one of the best horror movies to come out in a long time . It 's got action , drama , murder , gore , tension , humor , and carniverous cave-beasts . Like I said -- new classic . Enjoy !
 In many ways this movie is the `` opposite '' of most of the rubbish being played in American theaters the last couple of years . Most American movies these days are low on plot , use way too many CGI effects , and use too many big name over glamourized actors.When I first saw the previews for this movie I thought `` now there is a great idea '' and the actually movie exceeded my expectations . This movie is also the opposite of every American horror movie of the last couple years -LRB- such as saw , hostel -RRB- which rely heavily on gore to scare the audience . Rather this movie uses atmosphere and fear of the unknown.Ending = 4Music = 4Plot = 5Cast = 5Special FX = 5replay value = 4scary = 5
 -LRB- Aug 6th 2006 - update below -RRB- There are rules . Rules to the genre of horror . The Descent follows the rules , then surpasses them , then breaks them in its wake . This movie is phenomenal.For years I slovenly sagged by head after viewing one dissappointing horror flick after another . Jeez what a sad journey , but now I am happy and oh so pleased to tell you my amazon friends , a new king -LRB- or queen shall I say -RRB- is born for horror.The Descent transends the murky and abysmal , then turns it into a ride that can not be ignored . Horror fans must see this movie . It is genuinely intense and at times , downright frightening.I do n't want to delve into the story . There are far too many people ready and willing to give exhaustive descriptions of the plot . I can do it in one sentence , then I shall tell you of my personal experience.Seven women go off on an expedition into the earth , then almost immediately , the spiral into hopeless , claustrophobic darkness ensues . Oh yes , then there are the creatures ... People were screaming , jumping , gasping and running out of the theater . Two girls on the top row had panic attacks , and that was before the movie was half over . I personally was sucked in . Usually I am able to keep a safe distance from the films I watch , so that I can relate to others whether or not the movie is `` good '' . I could n't help it . It teased , pulled then ultimately drew me in . Can any better compliment be given to a movie?The Descent is what every good scary film hopes to be , but seldom reaches . It 's fantastic and truly scary . The Queen is dead - long live the Queen . _____ -LRB- Update - Jan 10th , 2006 -RRB- I have now seen the Descent four times . I 'll have to admit that I was always left wanting more with the ending . I thought it was a cheep conclusion to a masterpiece . The R-Rated version , I now know , is to blame for this . Thankfully , now there is the unrated version ! It has an elongated ending that is a better match for the film . Now the movie is flawless . ~ SAOS ~
 `` The Descent '' is excellent ! One of the best horror movies in recent memory ! An impressive , low-budget British film that is unique and different . Neil Marshall 's -LRB- who also directed `` Dog Soldiers '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- directing is excellent ! The female-driven cast are excellent ! The music by David Julyan -LRB- who also did the music to Christopher Nolan 's `` Memento '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- & `` Insomnia '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is excellent ! The cinematography by Sam McCurdy -LRB- who also did the cinematography to Marshall 's `` Dog Soldiers '' & the upcoming `` The Hills Have Eyes II '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is excellent ! The film editing by Jon Harris is excellent ! The casting by Gail Stevens -LRB- who also did the casting to `` 28 Days Later '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- & William Davies is excellent ! The production design by Simon Bowles -LRB- who also did the production design to Marshall 's `` Dog Soldiers '' -RRB- is excellent ! The art direction by Jason Knox-Johnston is excellent ! The costume design by Nancy Thompson is excellent ! The make-up effects on the creatures are impressive ! This is just as impressive as `` 28 Days Later '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , which is another low-budget , British film that entertained American audiences .
 Okay I Saw The US Verison Of THe Descent I Really Liked It . I Mean Yeah I Did Get Scared Here & There But I Would Really Like To Buy The Dvd .
 The Descent is a rare movie . It is both a wonderfully gory and scary horror film and a character study . There 's about 25 minutes or so of character introduction . Although we do n't learn a lot about most of the women , save for Sarah and Juno , we learn enough to feel the added suspense while they are in the caves.Before there is even a glimpse of one of the creatures , there are scenes that had me terrified . I 'm not especially claustrophobic , but I was very uncomfortable watching as the explorers squeezed their way through very tight spaces . I found myself gripping the edges of my chair during one scene when two women become stuck.Once the creatures make their entrance , the suspense and terror are elevated . The somewhat strained relations between the women become more so . As they begin to trust each other less and less , the creatures become more prominent and the blood bath ensues . There are more than a few `` jump out and scare ya '' moments that are very well done . And through it all , the intense level of suspense never relents.A superior horror film that is definitely not for everyone . Anyone squeamish around tight spaces , intense terror , and gore may not like it . But for those of us who enjoy it , this movie is a gift .
 This movie is like a cross between `` Cliffhanger , '' `` Deliverance , '' and `` Alien '' . I 'm not normally squeamish about confined spaces , but some of the `` tight '' shots in this film are so well done that you could just sense the distress the characters were experiencing . Really edge-of-your-seat stuff.Added to that , this film is a couple notches above the typical pick 'em off one at a time horror film . Like `` Alien , '' it is well paced , and the characters have some dimension.One star off for the Blu-ray transfer - there 's some crystal shots , but most of the story takes place in a dimly lit cave - Hi Def Digest says `` Chroma noise is also not an issue '' in this film , but I beg to differ.Unless there are different transfers available for this film , there 's a lot of video noise in many scenes.Still one to own , or at least worth seeing at least once if you are a fan of scary/thriller films .
 This DEscent Movie is so much better then the second DEscent This is what a Horror movie should be like Real talk Great Movie !!!
 ** SPOILERS AHEAD ! ** It 's all about motherhood.In the beginning Sarah 's husband and daughter are killed in an accident . It is this event leaving Sarah damaged and traumatized that forms the basis of the entire film . A year later Juno organizes a spelunking adventure for Sarah and her friends to help cheer her up . This turns out to be a terrible idea.Now note the scene where the women rappel down into the cave . The cave entrance is a reminder of a birth canal , while the women with their umbilical cord-like ropes extending from their waists are a reminder of babies . It 's the birth process only in reverse . Sarah lost her child , is haunted by it to the point of near mental illness , and is now going back to where children are born , back to where her daughter came from . As the red flares transform the rocks and stones into flesh and blood , the cave becomes a `` womb . `` So now all the elements of the film come together . Sarah lost in the `` womb '' battling her emotional demons which are paralleled in the real world by the crawlers . Once she is under attack she naturally goes into survival mode , but this is not just a fight for her life but a fight for her sanity as well.As the film progresses , Sarah is pushed further and further to the brink of madness leading to her cruel revenge on Juno who had been having an affair with her husband . Note here how Sarah herself covered in blood and guts resembles a newborn , for she is no longer the civilized woman she had once been . After this we come to the film 's climactic moments where it all makes sense.Sarah runs off , falls and gets knocked unconscious . In the dream sequence that follows , she awakens to a light and climbs out of a second `` birth canal '' comprised of bones and skulls . It is here we witness the death of the sane Sarah and the birth of the INSANE Sarah.It is only in this state that she can find an end to her torment and experience true happiness . Sarah has stopped fighting . She has her daughter back , and she is at peace . In the film 's final moments , we hear the cries of the crawlers echoing the psychosis of her mental collapse as we see her blissfully trapped in the cave forever ... The `` womb '' has become the tomb . The End.The Descent is not just a great horror film , it 's a great film period . / RATING
 I had hopes for this one and it delivered . I liked how I was never sure what to expect , even though some elements were typical of suspenseful/horror movies . It was gory enough to make me cringe , and creative in that it is n't an unbeatable super-monster based tale . I like the ending , and would like to see the alternate , as well . Really good stuff !
 ** This review contains spoilers . ** Sarah 's husband and child died in a tragic car accident a year ago . Now , her estranged friends come together with her to go on their annual caving trip . It 's a little awkward at first because they had n't seen each other since the accident , but that 's quickly over as they spend a night of drinking and reminiscing together . The next day , they head out to Borum Caverns , an easy , tourist level cave . They go there to find a much more difficult cave and end up trapped inside due to an avalanche . They start to panic and turn on each other . One of them becomes injured because of her own recklessness , making it imperative that they get to the surface . An unforeseen obstacle rears its ugly head in subterranean humanoid creatures that attack with ferocity and hunger . Can these six women battle these dangerous creatures and make it to the surface alive?I saw posters for The Descent during its theatrical run in the US and I dismissed it as another cheesy , lame horror film . A few years later , my sister recommended it to me and I watched it in total darkness , enhancing the scares and the film 's already creepy atmosphere . The Descent is a frightening and claustrophobic film that features both realistic and supernatural scares . The first half of the film has no supernatural elements at all . The scares stem from narrowly escaping being crushed in an avalanche and trying to find a way out of the undiscovered cave while trying to keep calm despite practically certain death . Then the cannibalistic cave dwelling creatures appear and all hell breaks loose . The six women struggle to fight off these monsters and find a way out as their numbers dwindle , making their true natures emerge.The six women in this film each have their own strong personalities and back stories that are established when they meet at a cabin the night before . When they are put under the stress of being trapped , they turn on Juno , the woman responsible for misleading the group and dooming them to certain death . Despite their fear and hopelessness , these women are incredibly resourceful and strong , even in the face of monsters . The monsters cause some of them to lose their humanity in order to fight back as ferociously and survive , Sarah and Juno in particular . Sarah goes from emotionally crippled and barely functional to bad ass creature killer . She puts aside her fear and emotion until only her anger remains . Juno is the opposite . She starts out strong until she accidentally murders one of her friends in the heat of battle . Afterwards , she keeps physically strong , but her fear and guilt eat at her . Sarah stabs Juno in the leg and leaves her for dead surrounded by creatures as revenge for everything that happened . Is it Sarah who has turned into a morally devoid monster and killed her friend ? Or is Juno the villain , whose carelessness and cockiness cost her friends their lives ? There is no clear answer to who is more justified or who ultimately is the hero of the film.The Descent is one of the best horror films I 've ever seen . It 's a perfect mix of suspense and gore that works harmoniously in a way I have n't seen before . Through the supernatural aspect , it shows how quickly the behaviors and constructs of civilization fall away to basic , animalistic survival instincts . The women that make up the entire cast are well written and wonderfully crafted , dynamic characters . I highly recommend this film , but urge you to watch the UK ending and ignore the US ending .
 Wow ! A story of a group of thrill seeker girls off to explore a cave never explored before ... or so they think . I was on the edge of my seat ... my boyfriend , could 've cared less . What does he know ? I liked it .
 Good movie . Strange cave dwelling creatures , very strange . I 've seen better but it 's still pretty good . Not gon na lie . Makes ya not wan na go into caves , that 's for sure .
 Love this film , Neil Marshall has a real gift and we hope to see more of it . This is a chick flick to die for . Killer beasties , great everything . Watch it , buy it , worship it !
 Written and directed by Neil Marshall , who also happened to write and direct one of my personal favoritesDog Soldiers , knocked out another instant classic with this film . Highly underrated on it 's release the more people were able to see it though were able to help spread the word into a horror film I do n't know anyone who has disliked.The movie starts with a tragic accident and shows how six good friends come together to enjoy one of their favorite past times as both a way to have fun as well as a way to help the one involved in the accident get back on her feet and move on with her life . How does one turn a movie about six tough female spelunkers of all things into a horror movie ? What exactly is a spelunker ? Watching The Descent will easily answer that as it was hands down one of the best horror films in the past 10 years ! Oh , and to answer the second question a spelunker is a cave explorer for those who really did n't know.There are many ways to up the suspense level in a situation where 6 people are exploring caves . In fact how many basic premises of fear can we fit in ? The three major ones are
 when i first watched this movie i was scared to death . . it is an awesome movie it will leave you rooting for the main character through the whole thing . .
 I do n't know why some people hate this film . I have read the bad reviews , and tried to sympathize , but I ca n't . It 's got a somewhat slow beginning , but you ca n't always just jump into the action , and keep it up.The `` descent '' is figurative , as well as literal . The lead character , traumatized over the death of her husband and daughter in a vehicle accident , is having a hard time trying to cope with and process what happened to her . In time , she and her friends embark on a caving trip , and the one leading the trip , named `` Juno , '' decided to surprise the rest of them by going to an uncharted cave , and they become hopelessly lost . And , there was apparently a betrayal by this Juno , and a lot of guilt ensues.But , being in an underground cave is a very claustrophobic experience ; I once went on such a trip with some friends , and even though we did n't go too far down , and the upper part was explored and well-lit , we went into the dark part , and it 's not a pleasant experience . You can actually feel the darkness , it 's incomprehensibly dark , and seeing these people become stranded , with nothing around but the cave walls , I got uncomfortable watching it . So , when they start to see creatures in the deeper parts of the cave , it would be easy to just say it 's the mind playing tricks . But why does nobody ever believe the person who says they have seen something ? This is an old cliche ' , but it adds to the discomfort of experiencing this.When you go into the depths like this , you do n't know what you 'll find , and sometimes , it 's better not to find anything . You are in their turf , they are perfectly adapted to their surroundings . There are detractors of this film who say it is n't scary , and I believe such people probably take Ritalin . Psychological terror goes on in the viewer 's mind , as well as on the screen , and when we finally see the creatures that live in the cave , you now have some people who are lost , injured , disoriented , and quickly losing hope , plus now , they are hunted by these ghastly things that would tear you apart as soon as look at you -LRB- if they had eyes , these things , living in total darkness , are blind from birth -RRB- . One reviewer , who hated the film , and gave it one star , said '' ... the monsters did n't look real ... `` I would ask you , how are they supposed to look ? They live underground , apart from people , and are n't even a real species to begin with . But given this mindset , they would probably say the same thing upon seeing a deep-sea fish for the first time . Hey , they do n't `` look real '' either.This film has probably the bleakest ending I have ever seen . -LRB- spoiler here -RRB- The main character , the one who lost her family in the car crash , is the sole surviver , and imagines escaping , in a hallucination sequence , and even though the photography here is spectacular , beautiful landscape , it is ruined by a gag-inducing moment , a startling moment , and a return to the bottom of the cave . This is her real `` descent . '' One into complete insanity , with positively no means of escape . It 's an uncomfortable film to watch , and following the events as it does , it achieves what suspense and horror films set out to do.And I do n't think I will go into another cave . No thanks , I 'll pass ...
 I had a hard time sitting there watching this film , especially during thescenes when the girls are trying to work their way through rock openingsin semi-darkness just being able to squeeze through , claustrophic isputting in nicely , this really got to me and made this movie . Filmingin near darkness with those creatures lurking all around and above thecaverns following theladies was nerve racking and when they started attacking that was enough , this movie had some of the best nail biting , stomach turning gruesomeviolence but I was surprised how well it was filmed and the small detailsin the girls lives made more sense toward the end . I saw this directorslast movie and looked forward to whatever his next would be and it morethan lived up to anything I 'd imagined . This is what a good horror moviecan do to you . This will give me the creeps anytime I even climb or get near a mountain , just as going swimming in the ocean has never been the same thanks to Jaws .
 I heard lots of good things about this movie when it was in theaters and again when it first came to DVD . When it comes to horror films , I usually enjoy movies that build the tension and then go for a good scare instead of typical slasher films or movies that focus only on gore . So this sounded like it was right up my alley.Visually the film is extremely effective . The caverns and caves look very real , and for anyone who gets claustrophobic , this movie is one to steer clear from . The lighting also well done , giving us enough to see by , but also providing lots of shadows that movie and twist as the light sources move . Sound and music are also very effective , heightening mood and providing lots of good scares . How about the gore ? Well the movie does have some bloody bits in it , but the most disturbing section was a broken bone peaking out of the skin and needing to be reset . The combination of the sounds , the visuals , and the acting made me squirm in my seat.The story itself is simple . Five women go into an uncharted cave , get trapped deep within the ground and find horrible creatures that want to devour them . However Neil Marshall who wrote and directed the film gives us a bit more . Each of the five women have their own histories , personalities and weaknesses . We get to know them a bit before the adventure begins , and when things start going bad , we learn even more . This intricacy works for and against the movie . On the one hand , it creates believable characters , who you root for and sympathize with . On the flip side , it provided a couple of interesting places for the movie to go , and yet it seemed that movie went with the most obvious and least satisfying path . I do n't want to say more without giving away spoilers , but I think the movie could have worked even better as a psychological horror , instead of a monster movie.The acting is stand out . All five women give great performances . Since each of the characters has a distinct personality and history , this gave them more to work with and each of them does a great job . It was also nice to see fresh faces in these roles . My only minor quibble was their diverse accents made some of the dialogue a bit difficult to catch . The folks playing the monsters do a great job as well . They do n't have dialogue but thier movements convey all the hunger and threat you need.This is a very good horror film , much better than the recent stuff we 've been getting lately It was scary , disturbing , and moved at a good pace . I confirmed that I never want to go cave diving ... ever . It also confirmed that good horror films can still be made in this day and age . I look forward to Mr. Marshall 's next film .
 An overall great movie , though a little too much gore for my taste . The scenes in the tight fitting caves made my skin crawl as I am a little claustrophobic . They could have stuck to the chills and insinuated the gore without showing it . But definitely worth having .
 This is one of the best horror/suspense movies I have seen in years . I must however agree with the other viewers . The character development was lacking terribly . I didnt get emotionally invested in any of them except Sara . And even at that , I really didnt care if she lived or died . But I must admit I was hoping she would get out at the end . I kept asking my husband , now who is that one ? Who is her sister ? Are they friends ? Even before they got bloody , wet and it was dark , I still didnt know anything about them . Other than that , kept me on the edge of my seat from beginning to end . Great photography as well . Awesome screen graphics . I would have given it 5 stars , except for my comments above . I would still rush out and see # 2 should it come out .
 Overall a good intense movie . Character development was lacking thought , and as a result , it was difficult to determine the character 's roles and dialect after they all got wet , dirty ... . and bloody ! I could n't tell who was who . It kept me on the edge of me seat . I was n't sure who was going to have a horrible accident , or who would fall prey to those ugly creatures . Most likely `` The Descent 2 , '' will come out . I 'll be looking forward to it !
 A group of six adventurous women are all set for their first adventure since tragedy struck one of their families . The last trip was white water rafting and this one will be spelunking . Plans are made and the women meet up in the Appalachian mountains . They hike to their cave which looks like a Yucatan sinkhole and begin their adventure . Things are moving smoothly and the women are having fun . But a small rockfall blocks a narrow passage they need to use to exit . Then the truths start to come out . They are not in the cave they thought and they have no maps . The cave is previously unexplored so they have no idea if there is another way out . But with no other choice , they set out deeper into the cave to try and find a way out . If they do n't then they will die and no one will know where they are.Further into the cave system it becomes apparent that they are not alone . There are other things that look sort of like people but are pale and blind . They also happen to be excellent climbers , fast , strong , and vicious . Now the women have a two front war on their hands . One the one side they have to fight the cave to find their way out . On the other side they have the cave creatures that think they are their next meal . Tension , action , and desperation mount and time is running out . Will they get out ? If they do , who will survive ? You will have to watch it to find out.Although remarkably similar to Jeff Long 's book THE DESCENT there is nothing in the film , packaging , or extras that makes any mention of it . This is an unusual film in that except for in the first few minutes , the entire cast is female . There is no testosterone-fueled action here and yet it is not needed . The film works . There were a few subtle scenes that actually made my hackles rise -LRB- fewer than ten films have managed that -RRB- . The caves look like real caves and not flat-floored movie caves . The lighting is handled so that it seems like the cavers are supplying all of the light and yet nothing is missed . The tension and action build asymptotically . Slowly at first but then faster and faster . A very well-done film . Check it out .
 If you are tired of those lame , ineffective horror movies that have been advertised to keep you on the edge of your seat and scare you to death , take a look at `` The Descent '' for a fresh new look on this view.This movie WILL terrify you beyond all belief . You will find yourself just as scared as the victims in this movie . You will be clenching onto the nearest item in anticipation for what is going to happen next . Because , trust me , you really have no idea what will happen next.I found myself practically leaping out of my seat in terror . And , trust me everyone , that RARELY happens . I go through most movies with a whatever attitude and do n't show any fear . I make it through movies like The Exorcist without breaking a sweat . However , this movie had me wondering what was going to happen and my eyes were glued to the screen the entire time.Once again , IF you want that horror film that will not let you down in the slightest bit , pick up `` The Descent '' today .
 If you 're looking a really good horror film , this is it ! It 's got everything dark and clausterphobic scenes , jump out scares and psychological terror and not to forget a lot of really horrifying things living in the caves . I 'm sure you 've read reviews that gave you a summary on what the film is about so you probably already know the plot . All the women in this film did outstanding performances not just for a horror film but also for a film itself which only adds on to what makes it so successful . It 's so nice to see that a horror movie has some backstory on each of the characters especially the main character because it adds more psychological to the film like i said earlier . So again if you 're looking for a really good horror film with strong performances from the actresses and a good story with great twists to keep things from getting dull and buckets of blood and gore which is what a horror film is supposed to have , then i would highly reccommend this film . I would also highly reccommend seeing the unrated original cut because i believe it will have both the uk and the u.s. ending to choose from . See the original uk ending it 's a lot better and makes a lot more sense than the u.s. one not to spoil it too much but with the original you basically get both endings because the u.s. they cut it short so with the original the movie will last a few minutes longer if that makes sense ? As for the full screen maybe it 's only full screen because this was originally a uk film so maybe they do n't have widescreen there for example the driver 's seat in a car is on the right not the left . Different countries do different things i do n't know or maybe the studio has n't produced a widescreen since it was presented as widescreen in theaters so there must be a widescreen . But Widescreen Full Screen it really does n't matter to me and I do n't know why it matters to anyone else either i mean they only cut a little bit of the picture off when they crop it for the full frame and you only see a little bit more left and right for the widescreen it 's not like we 're seeing a different movie here it 's the same thing . Although I will usually buy the widescreen dvd movies unless they 're all sold out at the store that i 'm at because it 's kinda riddiculous to drive all the way to another store just so i can get the widescreen dvd movies . You know what i mean ? is it really worth it ? I sure do n't think so but that 's just me .
 The best horror film to come out in 10 years , easy . If you are in any way claustraphobic this film will be hard to sit through . The cave is terrifying in itself , which is quite an acheivement considering the modest budget . As the women descend deeper into the cave I felt as if I was watching A Stanly Kubrick or a Ridly Scott film . The buidup to the real threat is fantastic , and theaters will be filled with screams when the movie hits the U.S next month . I think the American studio cut the real ending off so they can sell the ` unrated ' DVD afterwards . They know they have a hit on their hands , so they will milk it for all it 's worth . This version is a must have for any horror fan that does n't want to wait a year for a proper US release .
 My favorite thing about this movie is the monsters . The monsters are incredibly detailed and scary . They look like a cross between a human and a bat . The cool thing is that they 're blind so they rely on echolocation . The blood and gore in this movie was intense . It drew the viewer to what would happen next . There are two endings . The alternative ending is shocking ! Anyways this is a must see for horror movie lovers !
 Wow . I read the favorable reviews and as a horror movie buff , I had to see it , albeit on DVD . Usually this type of movie disappoints me ; not the case with this one . I watched it alone -LRB- how scary could cave monsters be when you 're at home ? -RRB- and it really stuck with me that night . It was n't the monsters ; it was the atmosphere . The Descent takes place in a cave . It 's dark , wet and claustrophobic . I found the setting disturbing and very , very scary.What I liked the most was the way the characters are portrayed . These are all strong , intelligent , capable women . There are enough character traits provided to distinguish each woman , but these remain mostly subtext . There are no ditzy blonds , no comic relief characters , and no ` red shirts . ' When these women go down , they go down fighting.It 's not perfect , of course . There is too much gore for my taste , although at least the camera does n't linger . As other reviewers have noted , we get too many clear looks at the monsters , which diminishes the scare . However , it seemed to me that we as viewers were getting a much clearer look than the characters do.The ending that I saw -LRB- US unrated version -RRB- worked for me , as did the general darkness of the film -LRB- physical and mental -RRB- . It 's well-acted and convincing . I recommend it .
 Neil Marshall comes through for English horror again with the best genre film of 2005 ! A group of friends enter an uncharted cave , but after a collapse , they are forced to struggle through the serpentine passageways to find daylight . Too bad they are n't alone . . The craftsmanship implored in the careful writing and making of this film is unmatched in recent horror , and Marshall is able to make the first half of the film -LRB- completely devoid of monsters -RRB- even more terrifying than the climax . Gut-wrenching scenes of claustrophobic cave crawling , the unseen in the dark , and protruding bones are just a few of the universal fears that are tapped into , creating an immediate emotional bond between the characters and the audience . The women may not be given complete back stories , but what works is that they are portrayed as real people . In what situation in real life are we given flashbacks or do we commonly reveal our personal histories in our daily dialog ? Rather , Marshall has written distinct cadences and personalities that distinguish a group of individuals rather than a group of talking heads.Then , there are the monsters . By the time the cave dwellers enter the film , it is already established as a terrifying and successful feature , but the vicious Gollum-like monsters in the film heighten the tension and fear to a whole other level . Though I typically despise surprise scares , Marshall has perfectly timed reveals for the creatures to scare the piss out of the audience . Though humanoid , they have regressed into bat like creatures hunting by sound , which makes for creepy visuals and allows the characters a plausible advantage in attempting to fight them off and escape . As the title implies , the film is not just a descent into the cave , as a surface level reading might suggest , but also a descent into madness for several of the characters , pushed to the brink of sanity at the thought of being trapped and having to fight for their lives against the impending foes . Our lead heroine , Sarah , takes control and makes a fighting effort , leading to tons of monster bloodshed which are handled with fantastic FX and gore.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 neil marshal 's The descent '' is a great movie.the outline is as follows.six girlfriends go caving only to find out they are not alone in the cave.what follows is a fast paced adrenaline fueled thrill ride that grabs you by the throat and wo n't let go.there are many scary moments in the film.there is a nice buildup of suspense before the creatures are revealed , and once they are , they are terrifying.the acting is good and there characters are well developed in the early stages of the film -LRB- before the caving scenes -RRB- . you may be out of breath before this one ends.if you get scared easy , you may want to watch this movie with someone or you might not get through it , as it is intense.i liked the twist ending , which sets up nicely for a sequal.i saw the britsh version , in which the ending apparrently differs from the north american.i ca n't wait to check out the north american version to compare.you have to check out this movie . 5 * out of 5
 Really a bit of a sleeper . Not a ton of press but a great ride none the less . The Blu-ray is a visual improvement over the DVD .
 This movie was entertaining and kept me on the edge of my seat until the credits were rolling and even then my jaw was hanging open . Compared to other recent horror films this one was the best . Two thumbs up ! I recommended this film to all my friends and not one has been disappointed yet .
 This is hands down one of the scariest films ever made . Horror is my favorite genre , and I was so tired of seeing these horrible , pointless remakes being pushed out one by one . But then this little unexpected gem came out , and it blew me away . It takes skill to truly terrify your audience , and Director Neil Marshall was more than capable . Its as if Marshall watched The Cave , and said to himself , `` This could be made so much better . `` Whoever dares to compare this to The Cave has obviously never watched these two films . Where The Cave was a piece of garbage , The Descent is a truly spectacular film that will make you nervous from beginning to end . The blood used in this film is n't there for the sake of being there , it is used intelligently , not moronically like the Saw or Hostel films . There are no stupid characters here , either . Almost all of these women are likable , and you are going to care about them once they descend into madness.Video
 this wasnt only a good horror , and had actual depth to each character . thats all .
 A bevy of thrill-seeking chicks run afoul a gaggle of cannibalistic humanoid cave dwellers in Neil Marhsall 's follow-up to the genre-respected Dog Soldiers . The Descent is a claustrophobic , oozing , gut-munching feast for horror fans , replete with a creepy , `` no-way-out '' feel and chock full of abominable , bat-like humanoid creatures with a taste for flesh . These are easily the most interesting horror villains in recent years . Who are they ? What are they ? Where did they come from ? How long have they been down there ? Imagine their gleeful suprise when a crew of old friends decide to explore their bleak subterranean domain in the dense hills of Appalachia . The dinner bells are a-ringin ' . Carnage and compound fractures ensue as the ladies first find themselves trapped miles below the earth 's surface in an `` unexplored '' cave system and then at the mercy of the `` Crawlers '' , and from there on in it 's a race to the surface with those slow of foot becoming lunch . The Descent may feel like two movies folded into one , but it works . Mucho bloody fun for genre fans .
 this movie had me hooked from the previews !!!! if you dont own it i would take the time to buy and or go see it . this movie had me on the edge of my seat for hours . its an absolutely must have for any survival horror fan
 Mini review . I 'm basically writing it to give this movie another 5 star vote.This is a great film . It is off the Hollywood grid and that makes for a very gritty , down and dirty feel -- the opposite of the slick junk American studios turn out.The characters are really well written and acted . It is a treat to see a film starring all females -- adult , fully developed , strong females , who never mention shopping.The story has a lot to say about human nature . It is also incredibly visceral , terrifying , and sickening . I would have been scared and filled with dread if they had just stuck to getting trapped in a cave . But then the things that live in the cave came out . I was pulling the covers up to my nose and screaming like a sissy . This movie is not for the faint of heart . I think my mother would quite literally die from fear if she saw this . Awesome .
 The slice and dice films of late have been greatly lacking . But not this one.Read the other reviews and you can get a grasp of the plot . But what excels here is the feeling of claustrophobia , of being trapped and hunted , of no escape and great tension.There acting works fine . The sets great . And the creatures are wonderful . They foot the bill without going over the edge.For a true scare fest this movie hits the mark .
 You 've got a pretty tight group of girlfriends . You 're a pretty tough girl yourself . You do a lot of adventurous stuff that usually includes mostly just your girlfriends.After a year 's hiatus due to a terrible family tragedy , you decide it 's time to hook up with your girls and shake the bad memories on a spelunking outing.You head to a remote area of the Appalachian Mountains to some charted caves recommended by a spelunking guide , according to one of your group members . You embark with 6 friends into the caves from the highpoint in the mountain ... down ... down ... down through the bowels of the mountain in search of an exit at a lower point.Then two of a plethora of bad things happen . A tunnel that you came through is sealed off leaving you only one way to go ... down . And your partner reveals the reality that a guide did n't recommend the caves at all ; she thought it would make the excursion more adventurous in unexplored caves . There is no charted way out.Think that 's a problem ? How about shining your light down the next tunnel where you see an eerie human-ish looking figure crouched in the dark peering back at you?The Descent has chills . There 's high suspense . It goes without saying that there are good old fashioned jump-out-of-the-dark scares -LRB- they are in a cave ! -RRB- . No special effects needed here to generate excitement . The creatures are well designed and scary.The story flows very well . The acting is better than the average Horror flick . And Director Neil Marshall -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- keeps a better than average flow of twists and turns coming.Do indeed see it if you 're into the genre.Note
 It 's been a long time since I actually watched a horror movie and was gripped . I 'm sure many people will find this scary . I was a little disappointed when it started , but , once it gets going , wow , is this one hell of a trip . Dog Soldiers , the director 's earlier horror outing , was a decent enough movie - thrills , action , some nice effects - but hell , has he lifted his game for this one ! Cleverly , he 's got all the ` heroes ' as women , only they 're not `` screaming at anything that moves , falling down at the first ridiculous opportunity , looking for a guy to rescue them '' women - these are strong women , in an intriguing scenario , who realise the only way out of it , is fighting their way out . Think of Ripley meets Clarice Starling.I 'd heard it had received good reviews , but then I 've heard that so many times and been disappointed . What a refreshing change it was to find a movie that lived up to the hype.If you like action or horror , or just a rollicking good ride , you really have to see this
 Having had to sit through the `` horror '' films that the Hollywood studios have given hideous birth to these past couple of years , I was in the mood for some good old fashioned imported hair raising terror . I had read about this film before going to see it , mostly because I had read a novel of the same title by Jeff Long which is about a terrifying cave exploration gone wrong , but this movie directed by Neil Marshall is a completely different story although similar in its originality . I dragged my husband to see this last night , promising him a different experience than all the horror movies as of late . We both are sick of paltry remakes of Japanese films , and big budget stinkers that involve lots of water and hair , and rely heavily on computer generated scares , This movie is a serious monster movie for a generation without monster movies . I really missed the good old days where the baddies were flesh and bone ; the stories were fresh and did n't need too much elaboration , and I had the chance to see some unknowns get massacred . This movie delivered all that to us and more , its scary but not cheesy it has unknowns which is so rare nowadays to see a fresh face in a imaginative movie . it had an awesome story line , that was full of symoblism of course but not so blatant that you were rolling your eyes and saying `` okay , cave wombs , blood , rebirth i get it '' the movie also had great effects for a 6 million dollar budget , and I left feeling like I had a refreshing adrenaline horror filled enema , cleansing all the `` the saws , the grudges , the rings , the darkwaters , etc '' out of my system . I cant wait to buy this on DVD and see the other ending , any extras , and relive one of the best movies I have seen in years .
 This film is not for the sensitive . People who jump at anything or are claustrophobic may not last the whole movie . `` The Descent '' is a wonderful example of what a horror film should be -- brutal , relentless , terrifying . The unrated version will be a joy for fans who love gore . Anyone watching this film for the first time should do it in the dark , with the volume turned up . The DVD , at last , is near . But , where is the widescreen ?
 Have a couple of drinks and you 'll be all set for this film , although put your glass out of harm 's way , cos otherwise you 'll end up spilling it all over yourself . Not good.This film is one of the best thrillers/horrors/whatever I 've seen yet , and it 's so simplistic ! There 's no major special effects , just simple jump-the-height-of-yourself scares . What really worked for me , was that the light was only really provided by the character 's lights on their helmets . That was it . So you can never fully see what 's on the screen . And believe me , it really works . Although , at points for me , it did n't , cos I was muddling up some of the characters , and the ones I wanted to live , did n't . The actresses were really good , especially Shauna McDonald , who managed to pull the role off , despite being totally covered in blood at one point . Lovely . I really liked Holly 's character -LRB- and the accent ! -RRB- What made the film really mind blowing for me , was the start . Viewers literally get thrown into the thick of things , and I was sitting there going `` That car 's not going to hit them surely , it 's just ... '' Oh dear . BANG . Fast forward a year later , and the film really kicks off . But was that an underlying story somewhere ? Sarah 's -LRB- Shauna McDonald -RRB- husband seemed to be hiding something , and later , Juno says that they all lost something in the crash . Just a little something I noticed.Keep a close eye out early on when they 're in the caves , you do actually see the creatures watching them . I did n't notice it straight away , but got it pointed out to me . The creatures were n't actually shown to the actresses until they had to actually film with them , and then they got their reaction for real . That must have been some reaction!All in all , a really simplistic but scary movie , with a really freaky cover . The cover alone is enough to send shivers up your spine .
 You 've got a pretty tight group of girlfriends . You 're a pretty tough girl yourself . You do a lot of adventurous stuff that usually includes mostly just your girlfriends.After a year 's hiatus due to a terrible family tragedy , you decide it 's time to hook up with your girls and shake the bad memories on a spelunking outing.You head to a remote area of the Appalachian Mountains to some charted caves recommended by a spelunking guide , according to one of your group members . You embark with 6 friends into the caves from the highpoint in the mountain ... down ... down ... down through the bowels of the mountain in search of an exit at a lower point.Then two of a plethora of bad things happen . A tunnel that you came through is sealed off leaving you only one way to go ... down . And your partner reveals the reality that a guide did n't recommend the caves at all ; she thought it would make the excursion more adventurous in unexplored caves . There is no charted way out.Think that 's a problem ? How about shining your light down the next tunnel where you see an eerie human-ish looking figure crouched in the dark peering back at you?The Descent has chills . There 's high suspense . It goes without saying that there are good old fashioned jump-out-of-the-dark scares -LRB- they are in a cave ! -RRB- . No special effects needed here to generate excitement . The creatures are well designed and scary.The story flows very well . The acting is better than the average Horror flick . And Director Neil Marshall -LRB- Dog Soldiers -RRB- keeps a better than average flow of twists and turns coming.Do indeed see it if you 're into the genre.Note
 ... how genuinely scary it is : -LRB- And I have n't seen this behavior in a movie theatre since `` Alien '' in 1979 -RRB- The people in the front rows of the theatre were getting out of their seats and moving to seats in the back of the room . They were trying to physically distance themselves from the action on the screen . `` The Descent '' works , and it works VERY well.When you watch it at home on DVD , turn off all the lights . Might as well get all the bang for your buck , right ? ********** Additional comments from November 20 , 2007 : I listened to both commentary tracks on the DVD . Both are interesting , but the one with the director and 5 of the 6 girls is better . Not hard to guess why they jokingly referred to this film as `` Six Chicks with Picks '' . At the start of the Blooper Reel , right after the footage of the six actresses belching during takes , is some footage of one of the Crawlers doing his best Mick Jagger imitation -LRB- and he 's pretty good ! -RRB- . Not all Director Commentary tracks are interesting . But of the two on this DVD , the second one offered -LRB- the one with Director and Cast -RRB- is worth a listen.The only thing I can think of that would have made the Special Features section even better would be a `` Music Only '' track . David Julyan 's score is haunting and creepy.And in one of the commentaries , the director commented on the sparse use of CGI in this film . He believes that CGI should enchance the physical reality , not take the place of it . Are you listening , George Lucas ?
 Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- could use some cheering up . Just one year ago , she lost her husband and her only daughter to a bad car accident . In an effort to cheer her up , five of her best friends take her on a vacation into the Appalachian Mountains for some routine spelunking . Things go horribly wrong , however , when they find themselves trapped and without a map inside one of the caves . Unfortunately for them , this cave has yet to be thoroughly explored and an unknown threat lurks in the darkness , ready to attack and threaten their solidarity and sanity.Writer / director Neil Marshall spends ample time building up the characters to the point where they feel real , but also wastes no time in getting to the point . It is n't long before our characters are submersed into the abyss from which they spend 90 minutes of the film trying to escape . A claustrophobic 's nightmare come true , the film makes sure you 're in the cave with the characters as they fight for their lives with a careful balance of character development and spooky atmosphere , achieved by its stunning cinematography and authentic location . By the time you get to the gore and the creature effects , the movie has already done its job and the rest is just icing on the cake.In fact , that 's pretty much what sets `` The Descent '' apart from most modern horror stories . Rather than relying on outlandish death scenes and over-the-top gore , it 's slightly restrained in its old-school approach that values tension over eye-candy . To be blunt , the death scenes are probably the last thing you 'll remember from this film . What you 'll likely take away from it is an unmistakable and unforgiving tone , a healthy portion of unforgettable imagery -LRB- see
 This had my heart in my throat from the verybeginning . It 's about time they made a horror movie with strong female leads that does n't degrade them or use them as eye candy dangled in front of a sadistic killer.This movie had a lot of layers to its characters and the creatures were freaking scary !
 I wo n't write too much here as I 'm sure this film will get plenty of reviews , mostly positive . I just want to add that this was one of the best movie-going experiences I 've had in a very long time . This will definitely be a welcome addition to my DVD collection . I 'm pretty jaded when it comes to horror films and it takes a lot for me to generally feel creeped out by a film and being a 27 year old male , this movie did that and so much more ! I 'm so glad there are people still out there who have what it takes to make an effective and engrossing horror film that will stay with you long after the credits have rolled . 5 stars all the way !
 I 'm not typically accustomed to going `` gaga '' over horror films . It 's not that I do n't like them , I love them -- but truth be told , it 's hard to find genuinely good ones . I 'm entertained by lots of the gory , splatter films that have recently dominated the box office . Usually , however , it 's a matter of accepting the limitations within these films and getting whatever enjoyment you can out of the scenarios . It 's been a very long time since I thought of a current horror movie as a 5 star event , so nothing could have surprised me more than `` The Descent . `` The preliminary setup is a good one . Our heroines begin to explore some unknown , uncharted cave systems and quickly become trapped . Now our ladies must use their resourcefulness and intelligence to try to get out . The dynamics start to play out between the women -- good and bad -- and a real fear for survival starts to set in . We are squarely in a man versus nature psychological thriller atmosphere . It recalls for me `` Open Water '' -- a film whose horror is about helplessness and being stranded , not about sharks.But just as soon as I was sure where I was headed , the rug was pulled out . The last third becomes a monstrously bloody battle for survival . It is so well choreographed , I was sucked in wholeheartedly . And far from being victims -- our heroines exhibit intelligence , brutality , resilience , loyalty and a real survival instinct . We 've got some real female empowerment going on ! For pure horror , this film goes out with a real bang.I was completely blindsided by this one . There 's a good screenplay , a credible backstory , appealing actresses , great cinematography and nice effects . `` The Descent '' may not be the `` best '' movie I see this year -- but as a pure adrenaline rush , I promise you it will be one of my favorites . KGHarris , 10/06 .
 I was not thrilled with Neil Marshall 's `` Dog Soldiers . '' I thought it was a boring movie . When I saw `` The Descent '' at the movie theaters , I was really amazed at how far he advanced as both a writer and a director . I was really impressed with `` The Descent '' and I thought it was a great horror movie for 2006 . It 's a classic!I thought the `` crawlers '' were the creepiest and sickest looking horror characters ever created in a very long time ! They 're fast , agile , deadly , slimy , and sick looking!The shots of the cave were very spooky and you know bad things are going to happen . The story was believable and it was very gory and creepy.I liked the fact that the movie ended with a ending . None of those open ending indicating a sequel to be made.This was a great horror movie about a cave exploration gone wrong not knowing that the group of females will encounter the terrible `` crawlers . `` Neil Marshall did an excellent job of creating a story and most of all , inventing these wicked looking monsters and a disturbing setting ! I 'm really looking forward to seeing his next movie !
 I have become pretty desensitized and bored with the new trend of hyper-gory and unimaginative horror films such as the Saw trilogy and Hostel . These films are entertaining enough , but eventually you feel like you 're watching the same garbage over and over again . With that said , I did n't expect to be very impressed with The Descent , in spite of its excellent reviews . But I watched it anyway and I was very impressed . Instead of falling back on the same old settings and sadistic villains , The Descent opened up an entirely new and creative horror landscape . And the villains were more interesting and intriguing than your run of the mill axe-murderer . Another interesting aspect of the film was the professional nature and technical ability of the protagonists . It was nice to see a horror film in which all of the players were skilled and pretty tough . It was hard to pick out who would survive , because no single character stood out as the token slow , cowardly loser . There were a few shameless ` BOO ! ' scenes in which one character ` accidentally ' scared another by sneaking up on her . But I guess if you 're in a cave that probably happens . Aside from that though , the film had very few weak points . If you are looking for a well crafted and fresh horror film that will make you enjoy the horror genre again , The Descent will not disappoint .
 Very good horror flic . But the DVD ending left me puzzled . Turn out the lights , you 'll be rewarded .
 After you install this update.The SonyBlu-Ray will work . Here is the Sight . -LSB- ... -RSB- Follow Directions to the letter.Soon you will be watching the movie.The firmware upgrade will make your BDP-S1 work better by ... * Improving its BD-Java compatibility to enhanceinteractivity with some BD-ROMs * Enhancing playback compatibility with certain BD-ROMformat discs * Correcting the output signal status information for audiooutput and display when Linear PCM 5.1 channel soundtracksare played back via HDMIPlease carefully read the online installation guide - the stepsare very simple but it 's critical that you follow them to ensurethat your upgrade goes smoothly.We are also developing a second firmware upgrade which will allowyou to playback BD R/RE discs -LRB- these are discs burned by a PC -RRB- . As soon as we have a firm date for its release we will be notifyingyou via email at this address and sending out that upgrade discas well.Thanks again for choosing Sony and Blu-ray Disc.Sincerely , The Sony Blu-ray Disc Team
 Well . . where should we start?First , I have my own techniques in order to achieve the maximum viewing-experience pleasure and one goes by know the LEAST of a movie . Raising the hype on something can have the opposite effect upon the decisive moment , but people , in this movie , BELIEVE THE HYPE!This is one of those movies where no matter how much hype you raise , the outcome will be even better ! Make no mistake , this movie is in fact one major powerful piece , i even dare to say masterpiece!It has violence . It has gore . It has REAL frigthning moments that go beyond your human control . It has everything that it has been advertisted , rated and talked about . It 's suffocating and claustrophobic . It 's a descent into the unknown!I will not talk about the story , because one key element in this movie is surprise , and once you get struck by it , it 'll be NON-STOP action until the ending credits . So , if you really want to see it , the plot or the tagline is just more than enough!If you like horror movies , this is the one . If you 're kinda into horror movies , then do n't pass it . If you 're not into horror movies , but do enjoy the result of a mix of good violence and blood , then . . well try it out and see if you like it.Watch it alone , watch it in the dark , raise the speakers and embark in a life-changing experience.And in the end . . i bet you 'll think twice about exploring a cave .
 Picture Quality - 1080p
 I put off buying this movie for a long time . I 've heard mixed things about this film for a while . However , having heard enough good things about `` The Descent '' plus the fact that the director of `` Dog Soldiers '' , my favorite werewolf film , directed this as well , I was interested enough to keep a watchful eye out for a good sale . Well , when a DVD goes on sale for four bucks , I have no fear . When I pay next to nothing for a 2 disc DVD with minimal expectations I am usually pleasantly surprised ; `` The Descent '' is no exception . In fact , it is probably one of the more original , well made horror films I 've seen in a while.In the extras , it is mentioned that this film has elements of three horror greats combined into one ; `` The Shining '' , `` Alien '' and `` Deliverance '' . It 's difficult to argue with that comment . This film explores the effects of stress on the human psyche , an ensemble in the path of horrific danger in cramped confines and a catastrophic collision of cultures for 6 cocky thrill seekers . All of this is accomplished with great flair . For times sake let me break down some basic things to help you get a picture of what this film experience is like without retelling the plot/story ... Lookout !! Here come the bullets !! THE FILM-If you have claustrophobia , please stay as far away from this as you can . Any normal person will feel the pressure of the confining cave . Imagine `` Aliens '' only twice as cramped.-I thought character development was great . At first you 're thinking ; `` Oh that 's the clich&eacute; sassy chic and that 's the clich&eacute; tough chic and that 's the clich&eacute; crazy chic ... and so on . However , as time passes and the stress level rises , you get to see deeper into these surface dwellers personalities . No one is ever as simple as they seem at first sight.-The story would seam simple enough , yet its brilliance is in its subtleties . Yes , the crux of the story is ; 6 gal pals have an ill fated adventure into a cave and encounter more than geological danger . But you do n't get a six person ensemble for the simple convenience of body count as is the case with many horror films . Nearly everything said or done leading up to the cave expedition has a point.-The set-up is fairly long . It takes about one third of the films length to get things going . In all fairness , none of the set-up could be considered pointless -LRB- as stated above -RRB- . - The women 's nemesis in the film -LRB- Cave Crawlers -RRB- is fairly realistic considering the circumstances of their existence . They behave as one would expect for predators . Their animalistic traits make them very unpredictable and frightening . I actually had a slight empathy for them since the women were invading their home . However , I empathized more with the women . When it comes to survival ; take no prisoners ! -LRB- And the crawlers started it ! -RRB- - There is ample gore in this film . They do n't show every horrific act , but when they do , they go all out . Some of the gore is a bit gratuitous in its depiction ... ... and highly appreciated ! The director does not shy away from lengthy and close gore shots . This would be one of my minor criticisms of the film . Those long gore shots were almost comedic and a bit out of place in what is mostly a very serious horror film . I said `` almost '' . The graphic gore does serve to heighten the emotional state of the women..-Near the end of the film is a fairly large melee between the surviving women and the crawlers . This is one great frenzied and desperate fight scene -LRB- much like the kitchen fight in `` Dog Soldiers '' -RRB- . It brings the emotional state of the women to a clear apex and is just a really cool fight ! It is brilliantly edited and beautifully staged.-The music is purely functional . It does not garner your attention yet serves to set mood and heighten tension . What more could you ask for ? - The sets are mostly rocks and tiny tunnels . Very convincing.-The ending is not what appeared in theaters here in the States . Thanks goodness !! The ending as it appears here completely leaves it up to your imagination how things turn out . I often have trouble with ambiguous endings but not here . My fear is the sequel will take a stupid path instead of one of the cool ones in my head . In fact , a sequel just might ruin this brilliant ending.THE DVD-2 discs for cheap , cheap , cheap !!! -LRB- I have not yet watched disc 2 -RRB- . - Good picture and sound.-Ample extras with the standard fair plus outtakes and deleted cuts.No complaints.In summary : - You should like gory horror films.-You should have patience enough to endure ample character development.-You should not be claustrophobic . This would be very , very bad for you.-You should be able to enjoy a movie without any male characters.-You should be able to live with an undefined end to the story.Of course these are only suggestions . If any of the above does not apply to you , you may still enjoy it . I thought it was a much better than average horror movie .
 I did n't think this flick would be all that great , but I was pleasantly surprised . However you do have six women starring in a horror movie , that 's 12 boobs people , none of which we see . So no nudity , but the story , frights , and blood more than make up for it . You have six female friends who like to go on adventures like white water rafting . After a tragic car accident , one of the women loses her daughter and husband.The next outing is planned by Juno , who fancies herself as leader of the group . SHe takes the girls to a massive underground network of caves . The other women are under the impression that these are the Borehdom Caves , but Juno had other ideas . She actually took the women to an unexplored cave system . She wants them to get the credit for discovering it and naming it . Well there is a cave in and the truth comes out as the women realized they are lost and possibly trapped.Now things really start to go wrong , one girl falls down a long shaft and shatters her leg . While four women help her , one woman sees ` something ... something that looks human ' . Now the fun begins.The cave system is inhabited by milky white , blind humanoid creatures with amazing climbing skills and sharp teeth that love to bite and chew through flesh . Now the women are separated and forced to fight their way out . But soon another one of Juno 's little secrets is about to be discovered . While fighting the monsters , she accidently sends he axe claw through the neck of one of her friends . She ends up leaving her for dead.But the dying girl now knows the secret and tells the other woman who discovers her as she lays dying and begs for death . Turns out Juno had an affiar with the dead husband ! Soon it is just Juno and the betrayed wife fighting their way through the caves . After a huge battle leaves them both bloodied and exhausted , Juno gets an axe through the leg and is left behind to be torn to pieces.As for the jilted wife 's fate , the movie has a great twist that I will not spoil here . So for fun , frights , and fighting as fierce as you will find in ' 300 ' , this is a great flick .
 This movie had no point of showing a car accident and some pipes went through a girl 's head . And the beginning and the first half of the middle was all thrill and boring . When you first see the crawlers , you would think it 's been like 2 hours of the movie . But I would give you all anadvice , do n't watch horror movies in really sunny , bright day time ! It 's not because it would n't be scary then , horror movies alway take place in a dark place and if you hear screaming or someone getting killed , you 're gon na wonder how or what just happened ! 'Cause that 's what happened to me wile watching this . And how can those crawlers be real cavemen that are cannibals ? There were no cavemen in America ! There is no way that those crawlers could be people that just mutated and wanting eat any living things . This movie did have hardcore killings ! I would give you another advice and not buy the DVD but just rent it . I ca n't wait for Descent 2 this year !
 This film is phenominal ! Very scarey and very unaffected . I highly reccomend the Full Screen edition because it has a better ending than the Wide Screen `` Unedited '' edition . The unedited edition is not any racier or scarier - in fact the ending on the Full Screen version which is how the film was shown in America is just better . There are however more outtakes and features in the Wide Screen . All that aside - this is a dvd WORTH BUYING and it is a lot of fun to watch . After you see it go to -LSB- ... -RSB- to read about some of the errors - kind of funny . Because it is an English film you wo n't recognize any of the actresses and that just makes it scarier - and not in a B - movie way . The performances are phenominal . I will never go cave diving after seeing this . No frigging way .
 Good acting , story , and direction . Not on a par with Alien , as the tagline stated , but still a very good , scary monster movie . Some nice plot twists to go along with it .
 I was n't really expecting much from ` The Descent . ' From the description , a group of women go cave exploring . Soon enough , the women come across a mysterious noise or two , which rightly so freaks them out . After a bit , the women are trapped , scared , after taking a wrong turn , and in the dark . The source of the frightning sounds shows its face and begins terrorizing the women . Violence and sudden jumps ensue.From the opening of the film , when three female friends are whitewater rafting , we can tell the ladies are lifelong pals and adventerous at heart . Tragically , as one woman is driving home with her family , an accident occurs causing deep psychological and bodily harm to all in the vehicle.After a year , the woman decides to tag along with her friends again , along with another few women she meets . They decide to go cave dwelling to live life on the edge and to let out any deep seeded agression.The tension grows minute by minute as the women explore the inner depths of the cave . Danger lurks all around as either a long drop to the depths below are around the corner , or a potential cave in of the rocks surrounding the travelers may happen at a moments notice.The tension explodes when the friends come across a graveyard of bones mysteriously covering the ground in one portion of the dark cave . They soon realize they are not alone.These women are trespassers upon the grounds of an unknown , pale grey , blind creature who are in no mood to give directions towards home . Instead , they 're hungry.The Descent brings to mind the 1987 film Predator . Not only because of the gurgling noise heard long before than the appearance of the creature -LRB- s -RRB- , but also because of the build up and psychology of the actions.Each advesary has their weakness . This weakness must be discovered by the counterpart . Each of them have an advantage , which they use to defeat the other . There is a long time within the film which allows for more and more tension to be created . There are minor jumps and scares here and there until the real roller coaster ride begins and the action commences.It may be true that there are a lot of cliches in this film which are seen in almost every horror movie made . However , The Descent puts a twist on one or two of these cliches . Women as victims , for example ; Normally a woman is saved by their ` boyfriend ' or whichever man happens to be in the general area . But now , with women being the entire cast , each of them can be the heroes as well . The sudden reveal of the enemy in the dark is another example . Normally the first victim is easy picking and a slight gasp is heard among the audience . With The Descent , things do n't go quite that smoothly.Overall this is a very good film for someone who just wants to escape the mundane exsistence of everyday life and everyday horror films . It 's different , while at the same time remaining familiar . I was on the edge of my seat and clinching my fists throughout . My knuckles do n't often turn white while viewing movies , but this time they did.Watch and enjoy !
 I thought this movie was going to be no better than the hundreds of other horror movies out I painfully watched . Nonetheless , the Descent is a lot better than they.Now I do n't think this movie is amazing as so many others here think , but it actually was a horror film that had me on the edge of my seat . For awhile it is pretty easy - going , with they just getting to the cave and beginning the journey into it , but eventually they get into some trouble that eventually leads them to some odd but nothing too scary of creatures . I mean they 're ugly creatures , but are they really scary ? No not really . But dangerous ? Very much so . That 's what keeps you on the edge of your seat is knowing it will not be easy at all to evade these creatures - especially when you have no idea where to run to finally escape them.This movie is dark , very dark actually to the point where you might be moving up close to screen just to see what is going on - which I did n't like to do - and the acting was pretty average . Nothing too bold , but the actors were n't lame either . A few of the women were pretty forgettable though . The creatures again were nothing really compared to some of the monsters I 've seen in other films and the gore I felt was maybe done a little bit too much at times just to sicken us viewers.What was good about this film though was the feeling of confusion and the utter fear of possibly never getting out of the cave , while those life threatening creatures were just a few steps behind or ahead of you . This movie gives real chills because of that , and that is refreshing after sheer boredom of so many other new films.I recommend it to watch at least once . I would watch it again .3.5 / 5
 Others have spent a great deal of time writing details about this movie . Instead , I 'll make only a few observations.I always loved ` good ' horror movies , but for many years I did n't know what differentiated ` good ' from substandard fare . Good horror are n't just tales about horrifying events . Instead , they are tales about people in horrifying circumstances.The distinction is critical , and that 's where the vast majority of horror films fail . They portray events without relating the horror to the film 's characters - or worse , they leave us not caring at all and able only to think about the graphic nature of the film.Some people think `` The Descent '' is a movie about six women who ` descend ' into a cave and are attacked by man-eating monsters . Yes , those things occur . But that is not what the movie is about . The monsters acted only as a catalyst , and the movie easily could have been made without them.If one actually watches `` The Descent '' instead of pre-dismissing it before the screening , there is much more to it . It is a tale about the protagonist 's descent into savagery , and her final plunge into madness . It was n't made in Hollywood , so do n't look for a happy ending.This was not a perfect movie - there were significant flaws . However , at least for me , even the flaws could not interfere with the story-telling . Examples of a few flaws
 The Descent -LRB- Neil Marshall , 2005 -RRB- Here 's the big letdown of The Descent
 I read the book and watched the movie around the same time . While the movie is good , it is actually more like a very short prologue to the book . If you liked the underground tension in the movie , the book provides a whole lot more of it . And if you like the little nasty creatures in the movie , the book gives details about what they are . Imaging these things populating the whole sub-terrain of the entire world , not just some remote cave?As for the movie itself . It 's scary as hell . No doubt about that . It had me jumping all the way through and totally wired by the end . Had trouble sleeping by the end . As far as horror movies go , this is one of the best I 've seen in a long time.But like most horror movies , this lacked substance , which could have existed with a little more effort and about ten more minutes of film . The acting could have been better ... but this is n't really the actors faults , they did well with what they had ... and the ending ... what 's the deal with that ? At first I was thinking , `` Awesome ending ... '' then everything switches and you 're back where you were five minutes before and I 'm thinking , `` Well , that sucks . I should have stopped the movie where it was . `` All those things might have brought the flick down to 3 stars , but for sheer thrills and scares , this one overcomes its faults and gets 4 stars . If you liked the movie , do yourself a favor and read the book ... though after reading the book , you 'll wish the film stuck to the original plot ... which does n't feature any of the characters in the movie . -- Jeremy Robinson , author of Pulse -LRB- A Chess Team Adventure -RRB- and Kronos
 This movie wastes no time getting things rolling ! As the movie opens , a group of female adventurists are ending thier whitewater rafting trip . After what appears to be a weird moment between Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- and Paul -LRB- Oliver Milburn -RRB- , which is Sarah 's -LRB- Shauna Macdonald -RRB- husband . On their drive home , Paul and their daughter Jessica -LRB- Molly Kayll -RRB- are brutally killed in an automobile accident . Sarah wakes up in the hospital to learn of her family 's demise.A year later the group meets again for a cave expedition intended to strengthen their friendship once again , and to help Sarah heal , as everything is still reminding her of her loved ones . What everyone does n't know is that Juno , an experienced climber , has changed locations to a different cave because it has never been charted . She figures the group could then name their `` discovery '' . Once in the cave , the women realize just how beautiful it is . What they do n't realize is how ugly its going to get . As the group gets moving and starts to crawl through a claustrophobic tunnel , they soon get cut off from their only known way out after a small cave in blocks their path . Looking to Juno for answers , panic sets in as they realize her intentions . And that she does n't have any answers.The movie sustains an unrelenting tension as the group must try to figure out how they are getting out of the cave . The lack of lighting solidifies each individual 's horror of the dark and unknown . But worse than that , they begin to hear movement . No longer the peaceful sounds of water lazily dripping . Something is scurrying around them , and its fast . Or is there more than one?Before long , one of these creatures are actually seen by Sarah . The rest of the group finds it incomprehensible that there was even the slightest chance of anything living down this far . That is , until they find the feeding grounds.It 's a fight for survival until the bitter end , between the Crawlers and the girls , and between Sarah and Juno . The movie captures your attention early and hooks you deep , without the need for gore . The good stuff is saved until the end . The great flow of this movie is how well it keeps you in until the ending bloody climax.And there is one last mindblower at the end ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was truly a horrifying movie to experience and I do mean experience with a capital E! Many others here have already outlined the plot so I 'm just going to give you what I enjoyed about this little film that will be a classic one day.The title alone is very clever as it refers to both the physical descent into the cave , but also the descent into madness . If that is n't enough , it suggests the descent of mankind itself as we watch these `` friends '' turn on each other.The dialogue and character interactions are extremely believable and played out by a brilliant cast of unknowns . The effects are minimal , but good . This film and story relies much more on anticipation , fear , suspense , and dread than anything tangible even though there is considerable blood and gore at key moments in the film that are certainly not for the squimish . In addition , the claustrophic elements of the film are enhanced when viewing this film at home . My wife and I watched this at midnight in our basement home theater room and I found myself needing air ... desperately!I always like to check out what a film costs to make and I 'm always impressed at how some writers , actors and directors can create a terrific film if they put more heart and soul into it than money . This film only cost about $ 4 million to make and earned nearly $ 30 million . That is a very nice profit and well deserved . The lastest Rocky film cost $ 24 to make and earned $ 100 + million . Movie producers would be wise to take a lesson from these smaller , but more artfully crafted films.One Compliant
 I have to admit that I was n't expecting a great horror flick when I got this as a present a few weeks ago . I expected a knockoff of `` The Cave '' which was about as unoriginal as you can get . I am a horror buff and enjoy a good scare , but have come to face the reality that as I get older , the scares just are n't there as much anymore . Now it seems I enjoy horror movies for the makeup and special effects and story lines , not for the `` jump out of your seat '' rush of adrenaline you get from being scared . The Descent is the first horror movie in a long long time that actually had moments that made even me jump . If you are looking for a solid horror movie to watch with your girlfriend or whatever else , rent/buy The Descent , it 's guaranteed to have the desired effect that so many other horror movies do n't deliver .
 First of all let me say i really enjoyed this movie . Not like a regular slasher . Its very good . I actually seen it at the show . Now the main difference that no one has listed out of all these reviews is , just the ending . I didnt see any more gore than was at show . Something unrated doesnt always mean extra gore or sex . Anyway just the ending is different than one that was seen in US theatres . I wont spoil ending for you if you havent seen , but most know from youtube what its really suppose to be . Anyway pick this movie up and add it to your collection . Its a keeper !
 watched it as rental with friends WOW !!!!!! Me and & my friends we got soooo damn quite and glued to the TV screen , lots parts we jumped , very intense for sure , AND I PROMISE U WILL JUMP IN MOST THE PARTS !!! Loved it !! Real shocking and scary moments , I think this should # 2 of scariest movie in 2006 ... great flick , next day I jumped and purchase the DVD for my collection , with great audio EX . . Do n't miss this for SURE !!! B +
 Buoyed by a tremendously effective atmospheric horror and a claustrophobic sense of terror , THE DESCENT is indeed a riveting film experience , well directed by DOG SOLDIERS ' Neil Marshall and containing good performances from its relatively all female cast.A group of six friends embark on a relatively routine spelunking adventure in the Appalachian Mountains of Tennessee . The group includes a woman who lost her husband and daughter in a tragic auto accident one year earlier and whose stability is undoubtedly questionable . They 're not in the cave very long when the expedition 's planner announces that this cave is one that has not been explored so no one knows that the group is in the cave . A cave in traps the women and soon they find that they are not alone ... something deadly is stalking them.Marshall builds tension incredibly well , and unlike most movies set subterraneanly , the lighting lets us see pretty well what happens , even if the frenetic camera work is sometimes disturbing . There are some confusing moments regarding the accidental death of one of the team , and the typically ambiguous ending . But overall horror fans should delight in this exquisitely done flick .
 In writer/director Neil Marshall 's The Descent -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , somewhere in the Appalachians , six female spelunkers looking for adventure , experience the terror of being stalked through underground caverns , by vicious , carnivorous , cave dwelling beings . Overcoming the initial panic , the women transition to survival mode , doing whatever they must to stay alive.It begins as just an ordinary excursion . After losing her husband and daughter in a tragic accident , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , is together again with Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- , and Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- , looking to rekindle their friendship , on a spelunking expedition . Also in the team , are sisters Rebecca -LRB- Saskia Mulder -RRB- and Sam -LRB- MyAnna Burning -RRB- , along with newcomer Holly -LRB- Nora-Jane Noone -RRB- . Entering the cavern , things are proceeding routinely , when a cave-in occurs . The women ca n't get out the way they came in , and while looking for some way out , suddenly find themselves under attack , by strange wall crawling creatures . With their number reduced to five , the group scatters into the darkness.There may be some issues with the backstory , as well as some technical issues related to cave exploration , but The Descent solidly delivers the thrills and scares , that most horror fans are seeking . With intense fights , and plenty of gore and graphic violence , the film scores high marks in the woman vs. monster department . The feeling of being driven to the extreme edge , is very real . The cave creatures move fast , their hissing and screeching , becoming a signal for terror . Hideous looking , and blind , the crawlers use some kind of internal radar for guidance , as they stalk their prey , and then attack relentlessly.The underground environment is n't pitch black as it should be , but the lighting is nicely done , giving the impression that the setting is reasonably realistic . The amount of gear that the women have seems a little light . Things like flashlights , eye protection , masks , gloves , and water seem to be in short supply or missing , but fortunately they do have their metal pickaxes along . The sea of bones that appear in several locations makes for a nice effect , but is not very realistic.Infidelity is made a highly significant matter , but is rather lost on an audience , who know almost nothing about the character 's personal lives . Overall , Juno gets a something of a bad rap . In the initial attack , she 's the only one fighting to defend a fallen comrade . The tragedy that happens to Beth is clearly an accident , but Beth makes it sound like it was deliberate . The ambiguous ending , leaves it unclear whether anyone has escaped . This intriguing question however , is answered in the sequel , The Descent Part 2 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , which features some members of the original film.All about facing a terrifying horror that comes out of the darkness , The Descent is highly effective at raising fear at a very base level . The all female cast , gives the creature feature an unusual spin , and the ladies acquit themselves , in a most skull-shattering fashion . The unrated edition , has some nice extras , including two commentary tracks . Neither is particularly informative from a purely technical standpoint , but there is some good information sprinkled among what is mostly chit chat .
 This movie is scary . This group of women thinks it is fun to go on annual adventure trips . I prefer a nice hotel on the beach , but creepy crawly caves sound better to them . You really get to know the characters and care about them and the things they have been through . It is their trip to the caves and what they go through there that will terrify you . If you are claustrophobic , you will definitely be freaked out by this movie . I love a good scary movie , which may be why I am an insomniac , and this movie is well written and acted and will give you the creeps . I highly recommend it . Power Path to Love
 This is a great , unusual movie about 6 women who enjoy all types of adventure trips . Sarah , the main charcter , lost her family in a terrble accident and this is her first trip since.The women are all great , and have real character and background . Just as in reality , there 's alot under the surface between these women 's relantionship.The go caving , and from there the horror starts . What 's real and what is n't gets blurred , and bad secrets get exposed.Somethin starts attacking the women , but I do n't want to spoil it for you.The actresses are n't big names yet , but they are all good at acting . The scenery , special effects , etc. pull this togeher an make it possible , which makes it horrifiyin to me.I give this movie an A +
 Gore galore , girls that rock -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- , unbelievable claustrophobic tension and an army ofcreepy crawlies that climb walls in the dark better thanmost Cirque du Soleil cast members MORE than makeup for the lack of in-depth story telling in this virtuallyplotless film . Make sure your belt 's on tight , your hooksare anchored and that you 've given yourself plenty ofrope before taking the plunge . A white-knuckle ridethat 's well worth the price of admission !
 I love horror movies . Unfortunatly , it 's hard for me to find any that actually scare me . `` The descent '' , however , does a fantastic job . I popped it into my DVD player with the average expectations of a `` horror '' movie set in caves with girls as the protagonists . About halfway in though , when the `` monsters '' finally showed up , -LRB- with a very creepy introductory view from down a tunnel -RRB- I was pressed into my couch as far as I could go , arms around knees , and intently watching every moment of the movie.I have never squealed like a girl while watching a horror movie , but `` The Descent '' evoked several from me , and I was thankful to be watching it without witnesses!I highly recommend `` The Descent '' to anyone seeking a scary movie !
 I have to admit i am not really into horror movies . Must do nothing but sicken me and how is that scary?The descent is something else . A horror movie that does n't over do the gore or the specail effects . It actually has a story line and uses visuals and suspense to do a fairly good job.The decent is not the scarest horror movie out there but it may be among the best overall horror movies to come out in a while.A must see .
 There are two main problems with most horror movies
 `` The Descent '' is a good movie in almost every way . The tension and claustrophobia of being trapped in an unknown cave system is palpable . The previous movie of Neil Marshall was , in essence , a black comedy . There is none in here . Everything is horrifying , terrifying , thrilling and scary . Six girls trapped underground and a common enemy . This film brought two things to mind while I was watching it , Aliens and the Thing , these two movies set the bar when it comes to atmosphere , and this above all others is key to a good horror film . Neil Marshall seems to be a master of this , in an era when great horror films are tough to come by . From the very beginning this movie grabs you by your collar and does n't let go . It seems to place right in the mix of everything that is happening , and emotion , what was the last horror film anyone has seen that had emotional attachment to its characters.The gore comes pretty hot and heavy in the second half of the film , and the ending of the film is appropriately surprising and bleak , without being corny . Another big plus in my book is that the `` creature '' FX are n't over-the-top and do n't rely on much , if any CGI . When I first heard that `` The Descent '' was a `` creature '' film , I was kind of worried because I feel that those types of films have gone severely down-hill with the advent of the over-use of CGI ... but this film does n't fall into that category . Some of the acting is n't the greatest but it does n't really detract from the film overall , and some seem to think that the first half of the film is slow . Personally , I think that the early sequences in the caves are a great `` tension-builder '' as things go from bad-to-worse , and right when you think it ca n't go any lower , the audience is clued in to the existence of the other `` inhabitants '' of the caves and all hell breaks loose . `` The Descent '' is a pretty good horror film and should n't be ignored .
 How odd . A horror movie is made that is actually scary ! I did n't think those were being made anymore . This movie was scary enough when the ladies were simply stuck in that cave . But throw in monsters and suddenly it gets a lot scarier . Usually monster movies are terrible . But they were handled very well in this one . The first glimpse at one freaked me out . The only thing I did n't understand was the ending . I did n't see it coming though .
 Several months ago , I purchased a DVD called The Cave , which was about a group of men who get trapped in a cave with strange creatures hunting them down . I thought the movie was okay , but not great . Then , The Descent came out . I thought this was going to be a simple rehash of The Cave , but with women in it , instead of men , and I found myself not interested in seeing it . It was n't until I read a review by Roger Ebert , who gave this movie an enthusiastic four-star rating , which is the highest score he gives out for a film , that I found myself going , `` Hmmmm . '' I decided to take a chance on it when the DVD came out . I 'm now happy to say that this movie scared the living daylights out of me ! I must 've jumped at least a dozen times while watching it , not to mention screaming and yelling , `` Nooooo , do n't do that ! '' and `` Watch out behind you ! '' I have to say that I 'm not a big fan of movies with a lot of blood and gore and knife-welding maniacs . I usually prefer my `` horror '' movies to be subtle like in Shirley Jackson 's The Haunting and Richard Matheson 's Hell House . Though The Descent starts out in `` subtle '' mode , it 's anything but during the last half . Still , I found myself totally engrossed and unable to turn away from what was happening . I found myself bonded with the characters and wanting them to survive the horrendous ordeal that they were experiencing.The Descent deals with six rather tough outdoorsy women who decide to explore an underground cavern in the mountains of North Carolina . One of the ladies , Sarah , is still recovering from the loss of her husband and young daughter the year before in a gruesome auto accident . It 's supposed to a simple expedition into a cave that 's tourist friendly ; but Juno , the leader of the group , has instead taken them to an unexplored cave for the risk element . Of course , the group does n't find this out until a cave-in traps them and they begin to realize that there might not be another way out . The notch is raised again when one of ladies breaks her leg in a fall , making the search for another exit that much more difficult . With a limited number of flares and no extra batteries for the lights on their helmets , this would 've been a great survival story as it was . But , no , the notch has to be raised again to keep the audience from being bored , and we 're eventually introduced to the Crawlers , which are creatures from your worse nightmare . The Crawlers use sound to detect movement , and boy are these creatures hungry for some fresh meat . They begin picking off each of the ladies one by one . The thing is these are tough ladies , especially Sarah and Juno . These women are n't going down without a fight to the finish no matter how scared they are . In one scene , Juno takes on four creatures with a large ice pick and kills all of them . I would n't want her mad at me . The question , of course , is who will survive and who will die by the time the movie ends . This is where I got a little confused because the ending is n't what you think it is . There 's still another twist to be had to leave you even more drained than you already are.The Descent is definitely one of the scariest movies I 've ever seen . It 's an emotional , adrenaline-filled , roller-coaster ride that will leave you breathless and wanting more . I have to say that the characters were totally believable and had me caring about them from the beginning . I 'm not familiar with any of the actresses , but they certainly did an excellent job with their performances , especially Shauna MacDonald as Sarah and Natalie Mendoza as Juno . The Crawlers were absolutely terrifying and gave me nightmares when I went to bed . I kept expecting one of them to hop on my bed during the middle of the night and to pull me out from underneath the covers . This was the first time that I 'd seen anything by director , Neil Marshall , and I was really impressed with the quality of his work . I 'm now a big fan of his and ca n't wait for his next picture to come out . The photography and stage design were so good that I thought the entire movie had actually been shot in a cave . I kept wondering how they were able to get all the cameras and lighting equipment down into these little , tiny tunnels . The movie was just perfect on so many levels . It certainly accomplished what the director set out to do which was to make a small , quality film that would scare the **** out of its audience . The extras include a behind-the-scenes documentary on the making of the movie , which runs about forty minutes , deleted and extended scenes , an interview with Neil Marshall , and two movie commentaries with the director , crew and cast . I 'm now getting ready to watch it again , but this time with the commentary . Highly recommended to those who love good scares !
 Most movies starring women seem to center on sex . The women often come across as weak and sexy without much thought . Not so in `` The Descent '' . The women in this movie are , mostly , tough as nails and fighters to the end . I do n't want to give out too many details as I enjoyed it a lot because I did n't know much about it before viewing the film . Let 's just say that , in this movie , a group of risk-taking women go caving and find a lot more risk than they bargained for . I found even the slow parts intriguing . I often have problems with movies in which it takes place mostly in darkness . The crew did a good job here of using the darkness as something other than just cover . The darkness actually added to the show . I also enjoy a movie whose ending fits the circumstances and rings true . It kept my attention and had me rooting for the females !
 2006 has been packed with PG-13 horror films , lots of them . Then are the gore flicks -LRB- TCM the beginning -RRB- , and other stuff . Finally , a good horror movie comes out in august
 I read the reviews in different magazines and the 2 words that stuck out were `` intense '' and `` scary '' . I have to say , they were right.Surprises from beginning to end.Doesn ' t have any big stars and that 's the beauty of it.Doesn ' t have a happy ending either and I do n't mean to spoil it for those that have n't seen it yet , but if Hollywood did this , it would n't have the impact as this one does.Better than any other scary movie out there.The movie `` Slither '' had its moments , but it was more tongue in cheek and had more chuckles . This movie is highly recommended for those that like their horror movies with intelligence and suspense.Very well made ... Great pace , acting and directing ...
 This movie definitely takes that `` horror movie checklist '' and adds its own flair and is extremely successful with standing out!Gore ? CHECK!Claustrophobia ? CHECK!Impossible odds ? CHECK!Integrity of the group faultering ? CHECK!I feel when a movie can identify with the person watching on what is scary its going to take the viewing experience to a whole new level and by the time the credits were rolling I knew this movie that special something.I do have to add that the sequel is even better but it will need to be watched after watching this one since the sequel is considered `` part 2 '' . Anyway , this movie comes highly recommended from me if you want some quality horror in your life !
 Sarah is an adventure junkie , but it is n't whitewater rafting that gets the best of her . A freak accident leaves her husband and daughter dead , and Sarah traumatized beyond anything she believe she can survive . What she needs is to take her mind off the tragedy and get back to what she loves . So , with her friend Beth , she travels to the US to meet up with 4 American friends , led by the fearless Juno , deep into the Appalachian Mountains Juno has promised them a level 2 adventure ; nothing too trying . But where she takes the unsuspecting party is an entirely different sort of cave , a cave never before explored . But this cave has more than bats and narrow precipices to challenge the climbers . There is an entirely new species of humanoids living below the ground , and their home has been disturbed.The Descent is interesting on several fronts . It is a new sort of eco-horror film . Go where you should not go , fail to leave the land untouched , and it will fight back . It shows us a parallel line of evolution , humans that went below ground and took a different path than us . But it is also a classic kill-them-one-by-one film , where those who make mistakes are marked for death . Add to that a film starring entirely women , women strong enough to fight creatures instead of screaming , and you have a very unique combination of themes .
 Forget favorite horror flicks - this is on my list of all time favorite MOVIES , full stop . I saw the movie in Mexico , where I live , without knowing anything about it . What a movie experience that was . I do n't know exactly what ending I saw , but I assume I did n't see what other reviewers have called the `` lame '' U.S. version because the one I saw lent itself to lots of interpretation and conversation with my my theater mates during the drive home , which for me means it was pretty cool ending . In fact , it was one of the coolest parts of the movie . S
 This is a great movie ! I was n't sure what to expect when I bought this , but I 'm very glad I took a chance on it . It has beautiful scenery , good actors and it 's really quite scary ! Iv ' e been in a cave before and went much farther into it than expected for a guy who does n't like confined spaces . This movie captures the feel and fear involved in exploring the underground . If I ever do go into another one , I will be watching for the freaky creatures that live within the caves of this movie . These guys -LRB- or gals -RRB- natually freak me out ! The way they look , move , and sound are great . There is plenty of suspense and alot of scary scenes.I was a little `` put-off '' by the ending , which I guess is the prelude to `` Decent II '' , which I have n't seen yet . Over all , it 's worth renting , or buying . It 's a classic !!
 I already have this movie on DVD , but like it so much that I ordered it on Blu-ray too . I am very impressed with the quality of the HD . I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys an original horror flick ! I also continue to be impressed with Amazon 's excellent service and quality products .
 I had seen this film back in 2006 and gave it four stars at that time because while I really admired the film , I was n't totally into it as much as I had hoped , particularly with all the stellar reviews the film had recceived.But ... About three or four months ago , my wife and I watched the film again after her interest was peaked by an IFC special about `` Scariest Moments in Film '' and THE DESCENT was mentioned.I was blown away when I watched it again with her . Not only was I still in awe of Neil Marshall 's technical skill and the actor 's performances and how they worked together to create the most claustrophobic film in existence , but while watching the film , I felt my wife almost unable to breathe or move while viewing it , and her energy enhanced my energy and my immersiveness into the film.The absolute best thing about this film is that it could have easily succeeded in a horror film even without the subterranean cannibals because of the setting of the film and the interaction between the characters in the film . It 's one of those rare horror films that perfectly transcends the genre , and when a horror film can do that , it makes it an almost instant classic.I say to not watch this film alone , not just because it is damn scary , but if you do watch it alone , you do n't have the energy of the other people around you . Some films you can see by yourself and it does n't really matter , but THE DESCENT is a film that requires you being in an audience of at least one other person . And make sure that you or the other person has a hand to hold !
 This is a great movie . However , as I commonly say , I can fully enjoy a movie without having to watch it in its entirety . The second half of this movie , i.e. , when the monsters really come out , can get a little less than fully entertaining . That notwithstanding , the characters are interesting and engaging , and the concept is fun in an adventurish kind of way . Even better , one of the characters wears an Arcteryx jacket - by far the best adventure gear on the planet -LRB- forget Northface or Spyder - overpriced garbage -RRB- ! HOWEVER , while the movie is great , the Blu-Ray transfer is not so . I owned the original -LRB- SD -RRB- version , then bought HD because I 'm a Blu-Ray junkie , only to be highly disappointed . Lots of noise in the video transfer , far too much in fact for a movie only recently created . I do n't advise someone buying to replace their SD version unless they 're lost to the Blu-Ray OCD gods like I am .
 A bunch of adventure seeking women decide to explore a cave as part of their yearly get together . They discover more than bats and stalactites on this exploration.I had no idea what this movie was about when I started watching it but I was pleasantly surprised . I was not familiar with any of the actresses but they definitely gave it their all in the cramped quarters of the cave . The movie reminded me of some of the best zombie movies but the tension is not left all up to the creatures . The setting plays a huge beautiful role . I highly recommend this film .
 I really liked this movie . It had an all female cast but not the typical stereotype of being helpless and defenseless . The movie moves fast and has solid pieces of suspense throughout . The ending catches you off guard , not the usual ending . Good solid acting .
 This movie is a combination of horror and action . It has a good plot and good characters . I also like that the major characters are all female and do n't have to take off their clothes .
 This movie is disturbing and horrific . You will enjoy it if you are a fan of gore and intense , claustrophobic , edge-of-the chair horror . Watch it with a light on !
 This is a DEFINITE MUST BUY item !! It is such an amazing movie and will truly satisfy greatly . One of the greatest movies of all time
 Scared the hell out of me . I stopped the movie 3 times to take a breather . I have some confined space issues .
 Here is an amazing movie -- a propulsive , frightening nailbiter and , like so many contemporary horror classics , a moral involving illicit sex . A group of strong-willed women gets together once every year for an adventure . This year they will explore an uncharted cave system . But ... one of them has been carrying on an affair with another 's husband . He is punished in the first ten minutes , and ... will this tramp be punished , too ? Will betrayal beget betrayal ? More important than any of this , will the white humanoid creatures that await our protagonists be creepy and cannibalistic enough , and will the story be told well enough , to keep us on the edges of our seats?Absolutely . This is a harrowing film that will stick with you . It bears many repeated viewings thanks to the brilliant cast , plot , effects , direction and cinematography -- not to mention that neat moral component . The Descent is a perfect confection for anyone with a strong stomach . I keep it on a shelf right next to another flawless film , 28 Days Later .
 This movie could have easily been an inane , repititious , piece of garbage . Just cast one , or more , of US Weekly/STAR/TMZ 's latest darlings . Let 'em stumble through the film with mediocre acting skills - but perfect hair and make up ! The pay off ? Why those opening weekend box office returns of course!Instead , `` The Descent '' takes the road less traveled , no pun intended . The cast are relative unknowns -LRB- at least to me , sorry if any of these women are household names in another country , shame on my ignorant behind -RRB- and they are all exceptional . These characters balance gritty and vulnerable so well . Altruistic and nurturing one minute , egomaniacal and totally aloof the next.The film exploits a common phobia ; being trapped , enclosed places , etc. , by showing us the most extreme and terrifying scenario . And it works ! This movie is chillingly intense .
 Of all the Blu-ray movies I blind-buy -LRB- for the fun of it -RRB- , this is my favorite . It is a surprisingly good horror flick , and that is saying a lot , since I am a BIG horror junkie ! I wont spoil this movie for those of you who havent seen it , because I want you to experience the same shock and awe I got from my first viewing . All I can say is , it will not disappoint you ! Honestly , its my second most viewed Blu-ray movie , because everytime I have guests , I want to scare them silly , and the Descent never fails at that!Also , the picture quality is very good , not great compared to today 's standards , but still crisp enough esp . since most of the movie takes place in dark areas . Theres also tons of special features here , and dont forget to watch the two different endings -LRB- most movies with alternate endings got 1 good one , and 1 sucky one , this got 2 good ones -RRB- ! So yes , I highly recommend this , even as a blind-buy like what I did!Breakdown : + Unique horror movie + Good build up + Memorable main characters/great acting + Good scares + Lots of special features -LRB- 2 different and good endings ! -RRB- + Nice monster concept - Some special effects are not so good - Some characters are easily forgotten
 5 Stars = MasterpieceFew horror movies , if any , in the last ten years match the intensity , suspense , dread , action , acting , direction , character study , & just the up in your face horror of `` The Descent ! `` A group of women descend in to a cave that is supposed to be already explored , at least that is what they all think , except Juno , who has actually taken them to a uncharted cave system . Juno wants them to be the first to explore it . So our story starts , after a prologue of Sarah , Juno 's best friend -LRB- or should I say , biggest guilt ? -RRB- loses her husband & daughter in a car wreck , & the group of friends meeting each other after a long absence , at a cabin in the woods.If you 're claustrophobic , then do n't watch this film , as the women crawl , climb , & dig their way in to the cave . In a terrifying scene , Sarah gets stuck in a small passage way . Her friend Beth , crawls back to talk her out of panicking , so she can get Sarah out . As this starts to work & Sarah squirms her way out , the passage starts to collapse on top of her , as Beth urges her to move fast ! Hence the cave now becomes a huge looming cavernous maw that swallows them whole , & closes it 's mouth . The women are stuck in a giant cave complex , filled with passages , spreading out like veins in a hand , with no idea if there is another way out . A true horror , that is completely plausible!As the women search for a way out , with many a suspenseful scene , the cave becomes more & more ominous . They find ancient drawings from cave dwellers that suggest another entrance -LRB- exit -RRB- of the cave . It is here that all hell breaks loose , as their stalked by mutant cave dwellers for food , one by one.Not since `` Aliens '' has there been such intense action in a horror film , as the women punch , kick , bludgeon , & stab their way through thrilling scene after scene of survival carnage with the mutants . This is literally savage , & is filmed , acted , & choreographed in such a way that it sucks you in like a giant vortex , right into the action ! The mutants make up is totally credible & genuinely scary , especially the female mutant . They look like a cross of humans with bat like features on their head & faces , true subterranean looking creatures , right out of a nightmare!To say much more about the story , would be giving to much away . I will say this , the film is a experience ! An experience in terrifying claustrophobic horror . One has a hard time figuring out which is more terrifying , the cave & it 's hopelessness , or the mutants ? Both are a potent combination , & if it were not for the terrific cinematography , make up , ensemble acting , direction , setting , & editing , this film could 've of been just another forgettable horror film . Thanks to director Neil Marshall , it 's not ! For he has created a true masterpiece of the genre , & though there have been similar films , at least in theme of cave creatures , this film stands as a true original masterpiece!The Blu-ray looks & sounds fantastic , if you do n't have it , it 's time to upgrade!Essential viewing for the horror lover !
 Universal fears of claustrophobic spaces and things that lurk in the dark combined with a breathless pace and terrifying monsters make Neil Marshall 's THE DESCENT the scariest thing I 've seen in a long time.In it , six young female adventurers go on a spelunking expedition into an uncharted North Carolina cavern where an ancient race of sightless cannibals that are perfectly adapted to the dark hunt them down one by one . The personal stories of all half-dozen become irrelevant to their futile struggle for survival.Be advised that `` Descent '' contains dozens of f-w &oacute;rds and is &uuml;ber gory stuff!Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.4 -RRB- The Descent -LRB- UK-2005 -RRB- - Shauna Macdonald/Natalie Jackson Mendoza/Alex Reid/Saskia Mulder/MyAnna Buring/Nora-Jane Noone
 When I realized this was done by the same director who did `` Dog Soldiers , '' I was not surprised . However , unlike `` Dog Soldiers , '' which is more creepy than scary , `` The Descent '' had me nearly climbing the walls in squirmy terror.Because I am a dunce , I first watched this by myself at night several years ago . -LRB- I have no idea what I was thinking . -RRB- I did n't realize how truly frightening it would be , and , by the time I did , I HAD to finish it because I needed to know what happened ! I watched most of it from inside a blanket , viewing it from a hole in my protective cocoon . I think I held my breath through most of it.It manages to build characters and situations that are believable and real -LRB- even exploring the depths of female friendship and loyalty -RRB- , making you care about these women . When you watch it , it does n't feel like a soulless Hollywood film that 's just gratuitously gory and bloody with a plot thrown in because there needs to be one . It 's raw , engaging , and real -- you can believe it really is a vacation for six women that went horribly wrong.True to what seems to be the nature of Neil Marshall 's brilliance when it comes to suspenseful horror , this movie manages to not actually show you what 's terrifying until more than halfway through the movie , yet keeps you engaged and on the edge of your seat by merely ... suggesting ... what might be terrifying.My husband , an avid horror connoisseur , actually jumped at The Scene -LRB- I 'm sure everyone knows what scene this is without me having to describe it ! -RRB- and squirmed through the rest of it , and I have never seen him jump or squirm at any movie before.All that said , and I hate to say it , this movie was not perfect to me . I docked a star for the ending , which was the only part that disappointed me -- it was lame . This is because I am not a fan of endings that are n't endings . It 's one thing to leave a movie open for a sequel , which is annoying but forgivable ; it 's another to just leave it to interpretation , as if you got tired of it all by then , so you quickly finished it without actually ending the story .
 Bored on a Saturday night , my friend and I ventured into this film only knowing it was a horror film and nothing else . What we fell into was one of the most frightening , thrilling horror films we had ever seen.And not horror in the classic blood and guts theme , although this movie has its fair share . This movie plays on you psychologically until you find yourself watching it with great unease , gripping your friend as you straddle the edge of your seat.This movie will make you understand what claustrophobia is all about . You will curse that damned cave for an hour straight , and when things start to really hit the fan , your heart will race for the remaining 40 . Why is this movie clever ? It presents an interesting study of human nature . When you are caught in a life-or-death situation , how long does it take before people lose all convention of decency , and turn to their primal nature of survival ? If you were in a life-or-death situation , would your friends still be your friends - or would they turn on you?The first 15 minutes of the movie shows you a perfect friendship among 6 friends . The remainder of the movie shows a steady digression of that friendship , where the need to survive completely destroys all levels of trust.If you are a horror fan you owe it to yourself to check this under-the-radar film out . And if you are n't a horror fan but can take the gore , you should check it out as well.My friend and I recommended The Descent to ever person we knew when we walked out of the theater that night , and all of our friends have been raving about it since .
 I ca n't speak for the U.S. version of this DVD , but here in Canada , the version that Lions Gate put out -LRB- distributed through , Maple Pictures -RRB- and that 's marked on the front case as , `` Original Uncut '' , has the original U.K. ending , and not the , watered down U.S. ending.I have procured an early copy -LRB- and not just a screener copy -RRB- of the Canadian version of this DVD , and checked this out right away.It 's also in widescreen with some nice extras , including 2 commentaries , outtakes , deleted and extended scenes , as well as a 40 + minute , behind the scenes.The spoiler below is ONLY intended for people who want to know the differences between the U.K. and U.S. ending , and should NOT be read by anyone else -LRB- lest you spoil the movie for yourself -RRB- . SPOILER
 Although the title may say `` unedited original cut '' it is NOT . The end of this movie in the Americanized ending and not the ORIGINAL UK ending -LRB- which is MUCH MUCH MUCH better -RRB- . Do n't fall for the same trick I did at get the crappy American version . Go rent the DVD instead , and make sure you select the alternate ending for the ending!This movie would have been five stars instead of four if it was n't for the American ending .
 It is a rarity these days when a horror movie presents something new . The Descent proves that there are still new boundaries to cross and new horror techniques to keep fans on the edge of their seats . It is not often that a movie can leave me open-mouthed in awe of its sheer brilliance . Emotional , thrilling , riveting , and downright brutal at times , The Descent has it all . This one is sure to impress any fan of the genre , especially those who do n't fall for the typical Hollywood schlock . Instant entry into my top ten list of Best Horror Movies Ever ! Highly Highly Recommended !
 This is the best horror movie I have seen in a long time . Genuine and imaginitave . Definitely not your usual slasher flick . Six extreme sports women descend into a cave for a fun caving adventure , which quickly becomes their worst nightmare and imminant doom . What they find there is a horror no one else has ever seen , and they must battle for their lives against it . The action never stops from beginning to end and you will find yourself sitting on the edge of your seat . For those of you that love frightening gore , this is the movie for you . A 5 ***** horror flick !
 This is an amazing , and truly tense film . Brilliant in every facet . The only downer here is that yet again the US version is watered down for the US market ... apparently you dont actually live in `` the land of the brave '' , as the darker , grittier ending was removed from your version .
 09/03/2008There are over 140 reviews so there 's not much I can add in plot summary . I viewed the DVD over 6 months ago but decided to add a few comments and give away a few twists -LRB- warning
 After some opening sequences providing some back story on one of the characters the real adventure gets started . 6 friends go into some uncharted caves looking to recapture old memories together . it doesnt take too long in the caves for things to turn for the worse . after a cave-in blocks the only path in or out that they know of , the friends are forced to climb deeper into the caverns in hope of finding a way out . the girls experience down in these caves is unsettling enough , watching claustrophobia and extreme paranoia set in as they struggle to survive and find their way to the surface . then they realize they arent the only things down in those caves.really solid acting all around . all six female leads set themselves apart in this genre by their lifestyles alone . these arent your little cheerleaders spouting `` like '' every other word . these girls are into extreme sports/activities of all kinds . the movie opens with a pretty exciting white water rafting scene . they 're like the lara crofts of horror . almost.it takes its time building up the tension . the creatures dont even show up till close to an hour into the movie , but there 's plenty of unsettling moments building up to the moment that things really lose control . i actually found myself more uncomfortable watching the times before the creatures show up . the monsters are never really explained . their origins are pretty much unknown , but you 're eventually familiar with how they hunt and live.deffinitely one of the better horror movies of the last few years . plenty of suspence , gore , and visceral violence to satisfy any fan of the genre , and good enough character developement and production values to make this worth watching by anyone who can handle it .
 Few films carry an all Female cast that was so strong in it 's acting , and making you believe that what was happening actually unfolds as you watch , of course the making of , just blew me away with how real and cleverly the movie came together.I would have like to have seen an expansion of the characters involvement between the end 2 female characters and a related male character who we see at the start , but only get an inkling as too their possible involvement to possibly each other ... you have to be quick ... 10/10 all up , and I Highly recommend it.Lez
 The is a entertaining little popcorn movie that if your not careful will scare the holy S # ! t out of you . This follows the formula of most horror movies but adds a few twists to keep you interested . Yes there is a large group of unknown actresses but they all hold there own for what the roles call for . The situation do exploring caves and spelunking is unnerving all on it 's own , add a few bad decisions by the lady 's that puts them in danger and unknown monsters hunting them , your in for a wild and exciting movie . Lots of gore and body count that keeps you on the edge of your seat . the movie keeps on with a frightening pace until the climax.The directing is very good and the underground setting leaves you and short of breath and if your claustrophobic , I would n't recommend watching this one . . good ending to a good movie . It is what it is but with that being said it 's a very entertaining film that had me jumping a couple times . If you in the mood for a scary monster type of horror movie than give this one a watch .
 I know that I am not alone in saying that all of the sexist slashers -LRB- Hostel , etc. . . -RRB- that have been coming out for the last couple of years have been boring and formulaic . They seem to be made for horny male teens that are n't getting any . With that being said , this movie proves that a horror film does n't need nudity or sex to be great.This film has everything
 I admit , I thought this was just going to be a bunch of women screaming , but it was n't . The first part of the movie is boring , but as soon as they encounter the creatures the movie picks up . After that point , you 'll be happy you picked this movie . I admit that my heart skipped a few beats during some scenes . I 'd say more but I do n't want to spoil the movie for anyone . The ending is worthwhile . So many movies ruin their whole movie with an ending making you go , `` That 's it ! '' but not this movie . The ending is perfect and wraps the entire movie up with a satisfying feeling of that 's the only way it could have ended .
 This is one of the best horror movies out since the Millenium . Decent acting , gore gore galore , great action scenes , great character development , great buildup of tension , great atmosphere , and great cinematography . This is n't some stupid teeny horror film with fake lookin ' CGI PG-13 rated the OC meets the Laguna Beach -LRB- The Real OC -RRB- meets 7th Heaven type of horror film . This movie is like Alien movies meets High Tension . This movie has a lot of top notch special effects even though it has an independent feel to it . Non-horror fans will find this an Ok movie but true horror fans will love this movie . I saw this 2 times in the theatre and i will definitely purchase the DVD when it comes out .
 this movie is a super sexy masterpiece !!!! it features lots of great action and suspence !!! it starts out with 6 people who end up exploring a cave where they end up fighting bloodthirsty creatures.THE NUDITY IS SUPER SEXY !!!!!!!!!!!!! THE CREATURES ARE AWESOME !!!!! THIS MOVIE IS EASILY THE VERY BEST HORROR MOVIE I EVER SAW !!!
 It 's been a long time since I actually watched a horror movie and was gripped . I 'm sure many people will find this scary . I was a little disappointed when it started , but , once it gets going , wow , is this one hell of a trip . Dog Soldiers , the director 's earlier horror outing , was a decent enough movie - thrills , action , some nice effects - but hell , has he lifted his game for this one ! Cleverly , he 's got all the ` heroes ' as women , only they 're not `` screaming at anything that moves , falling down at the first ridiculous opportunity , looking for a guy to rescue them '' women - these are strong women , in an intriguing scenario , who realise the only way out of it , is fighting their way out . Think of Ripley meets Clarice Starling.I 'd heard it had received good reviews , but then I 've heard that so many times and been disappointed . What a refreshing change it was to find a movie that lived up to the hype.If you like action or horror , or just a rollicking good ride , you really have to see this
 A group of female friends meet each year for a weekend of outdoor adventuring . After a weekend of white water rafting , one of the women , Sarah -LRB- Shauna Macdonald -RRB- is involved in a tragic car accident . Her husband and son are killed and she is left seriously injured . A year later she gathers together with her friends once again for a weekend of spelunking in the Appalachian Mountains -LRB- bringing images of DELIVERANCE and the cabin in EVIL DEAD to mind -RRB- . Some of her friends want this to be a weekend of healing , some of them are there just for the adventure , and Sarah is n't quite sure why she 's along -- she wants to be there , yet she 's scared , too . Unbeknownst to the rest of the group , the leader of this expedition , Juno -LRB- Natalie Mendoza -RRB- , has led the women into an unchartered cave . Passing through a tight tunnel , part of the cave collapses and the truth of what has been going on is revealed . Being trapped in a cave with no option of turning around is horrible enough . But the women are n't the only ones in the cave . Their descent has actually brought them into the lair of a group of semi-human predators who have a particular taste for human flesh . They are blind , but have the ears and reflexes of a bat . The challenge to find the exit then becomes a life or death race to escape from the descent they 've lowered themselves into.THE DESCENT uses a lot of typical horror movie techniques , but the film is not a typical horror film . Despite the flesh-eating monsters -LRB- who do n't even appear on screen until over half-way through -RRB- chasing the women and the claustrophobic cave imagery that surrounds them , THE DESCENT is more of an exploration of the psychological and emotional challenges people go through when faced with a life-threatening situation . Taking a cue from Hitchcock , director Neil Marshall knows that the most horrifying things in life are the things we ca n't see . It is this subtle subtext that gives THE DESCENT an edge . For instance , it is never actually addressed in the film , but Juno might have been having an affair with Sarah 's husband and knowing this brings a depth of psychological tension to the situation that makes it far more fascinating than the carnivorous creatures chasing everyone in the cave . Not only that , but Marshall has given us a group of women who are n't like the typical women in horror movies . The women in THE DESCENT are n't frightened little creatures who scream and run away when the going gets tough . Neither are they the idiotic single women of THE GRUDGE or THE RING who seem intelligent but do really dumb things . Instead , the women in this film are women like Ripley in the Alien series ; kick-butt , fight back , but fight back smart type of women . They are real women and do things that real women would probably do in such a situation . Nevertheless , this is a horror movie and this film is full of blood and guts . The gore is lessened a bit by the low lighting and economy film making . Nevertheless , there 's a lot of blood -- think of Sissy Spacek in CARRIE multiplied several times -- and therefore the film is n't for the squeamish.I found THE DESCENT to be an enjoyable movie . The beginning moves rather slowly , but is necessary to build the characterization and hinted back-story that gives the film such an emotional and psychological depth later . When I originally saw this film , I was a bit disappointed by the ending . Lionsgate , the U.S. distributor , apparently thought the original ending -LRB- the movie was released in 2005 in Europe -RRB- was too bleak for American audiences and altered it . I felt that the ending I saw was a complete cop-out and thrown in the please people who have seen too many horror movies that end with the promise of a sequel . I 'm glad to say that the DVD version has the original ending intact . There 's only a couple more minutes of footage , but those couple minutes change the entire meaning of the film completely . It 's a bit ambiguous , too , but it does n't feel like the cop-out of the original U.S. ending.The DVD includes two audio commentaries , a featurette entitled `` THE DESCENT
 There are a few recipes for survival horror that I 've learned over the years . A good survival horror has the following :1 -RRB- Emotional and psychological conflict . By having some underlying conflict between two characters , we set the stage for a mental or physical breakdown of societal mores . This conflict usually comes to a head under severe stress . For example , in The Thing , the scientists and military personnel have a philosophical dispute on how to conduct their mission . In Predator , Dutch and Dillon have a disagreement as to the nature of their mission . All these issues boil long before a monster shows up .2 -RRB- A hostile environment . The environment can be anything from the arctic -LRB- The Thing -RRB- , to the ocean -LRB- Jaws -RRB- , to a jungle -LRB- Predator -RRB- . The hostile environment exerts pressure on our protagonists , forcing them together and preventing them from easily escaping .3 -RRB- A monster . Be it a shapeshifting creature -LRB- The Thing -RRB- , a great white shark -LRB- Jaws -RRB- , or a star spanning alien on safari -LRB- Predator -RRB- , the monster sows discord and divides loyalties by creating an immediate sense of urgency.Stephen King uses all these elements to great effect . But even with all three , authors often screw up the formula by having a weak conflict -LRB- if the characters are n't fleshed out enough , who cares if they die ? -RRB- , an environment that 's easily escapable -LRB- why does n't anyone ever call for help on their cell phone ? -RRB- , or the monster being cheesy -LRB- killer tomatoes ? RUN FOR YOUR LIFE ! -RRB- . I 'm pleased to report that The Descent hits every note perfectly.Three women , Sarah -LRB- Shauna MacDonald -RRB- , Juno -LRB- Natalie Jackson Mendoza -RRB- , and Beth -LRB- Alex Reid -RRB- , a veritable trio of female empowerment , successfully complete a whitewater-rafting event . The suspicious nature of Juno 's relationship with Sarah 's husband is subtly portrayed through glances and facial expressions alone . When a car accident kills Sarah 's husband and daughter , we have the grounds for a terrific emotional conflict.Fast forward to one year later
 This British low budget horror picture , like 28 Days Later , does something that horror films have not done in a long time , and that is scare the living crap out of the audience . The movie is marketed as `` a movie from the same studio that released Hostel and Saw '' as if it were a bad movie which needed all the helpful marketing it could get . Ironically this film is miles above and beyond the Saw and Hostel franchises , and if anything audiences who hated Saw and Hostel will be turned off from this . It 's a real shame though because this film is what horror movies have n't , and should 've been , for a long time.The story and plot are well conceived , and it seems that this horrific trip through an unexplored cave system in the mountains can be symbolic of the main character 's struggle to overcome the demons of her past . The main character had lost her family in frightening car accident a year before , and has since been having hallucinations revolving around it . Taking it as it is though , the plot revolves around six females who go exploring a cave , when there is a collapse blocking one of the entrances . And so the girls must find another way out . However , disorientation , claustrophobia , and hallucinations begin to set in , making this a terrifying journey.This however is only the beginning . When you just thought it could n't get freakier , being in a pitch black unknown environment , it appears that the six girls are not alone miles under the Earth , and so this is when the movie turns into an all-out monster movie . The humanoid monsters would scare the living s *** out of anyone who is watching this movie , they move like the zombies from 28 Days Later , and in an environment like a pitch black cave , it 's all the more frightening.Stylistically the film uses the same grainy handheld look of 28 Days Later , amping up the disorientation , this combined with the harsh shadows and sharp contrasts of the flashlights used by the characters , creates a look and feel that strongly brings to mind moments from the Alien series . Especially shots where there is a closeup of moisture dripping from the jagged ceiling of the cave . And for anyone who is a fan of the Alien movies , the first shot of the `` crawler '' monster will have you feeling nostalgic.This movie is truly terrifying , as I 've said before , something that Hollywood cinema 's so-called `` horror '' movies have failed to do for a long time , ever since the MTV Generation of film-makers took over . British horror films seem to still have it , and it seems that they are even reimaging classic horror archetypes into something new and even more scary . Just look at how much more scary the fast-moving zombies of 28 Days Later are in comparison to the sluggish zombies of old . And with this one , look at how the film-maker has managed to take influence from a movie from 1979 and managed to make a film equally horrifying , and fresh-feeling , as opposed to the American tendency to remake old horror movies with little aesthetic merit . The Descent is an exceptional movie .
 The Descent has everything you could want in a horror film . The acting , atmosphere and gore were all top notch for this genre . Some people I went with did n't even know it was a creature film . They thought one of the girls was going to go psycho in the cave and start killing them all off . Boy were they surprised . I caught the UK ending on another website , and while I prefer that one by far , the U.S. closer was n't too shabby either . The only thing I did n't really care for were the creatures . They were a little scary at first , but once they started showing swarms of them , they lost that creepy factor . The build up to actually seeing them was so good . I enjoyed the cave diving and crawling parts as much as the creature fest to come . Plus they were n't intimidating and hard to kill like the creature in another film similar to the feel of this one , called Alien . While I enjoyed Dog Soldiers quite a bit , The Descent is a film worthy of my horror DVD collection .
 One word to describe it
 The Descent is a horror movie that develops a plot that 's original , harrowing and not for the claustrophobic or faint-of-heart . I had never seen these actresses , who here play members of a hiking group embarking on a misadventure in an unexplored cave , but I was duly impressed . Natalie Jackson Mendoza -LRB- Juno -RRB- is beautiful almost to a fault and very gifted . It would be nice to see her in prominent roles in the future.The psychological aspect of the horror in this movie keeps building tension and is intelligently handled , where a lot of things are hinted at but not spelled out for the audience , and the caves and the things that happen inside them are unexpected and disturbing.No doubt about it , this movie does justice to its genre and I daresay that even the seasoned horror fan will be affected by it in some way . It is not a movie that leaves you indifferent to the fate of the characters , and the ending is unapologetic and unrelenting -LRB- European version -RRB- .
 Hey amazon shoppers . Just to let you know you can pick up the descent from amazon.co.uk for about 3.99 as we have had it on DVD release for quite a while now over in Britain . So why buy a cinema ticket for that price when you can buy the DVD before it 's even released in America for about another 4 months . Hope this helps . Adam
 Since other reviewers have pretty much summed up all my thoughts on this movie , I 'll leave it at this
 I 'm a pretty recent convert to the horror genre , only coming to enjoy good horror films in the last three to four years . I could care less for films that feature naked teens running around and being slaughtered by the likes of Michael , Jason or Freddy . To me , being scared by the darkness , what you ca n't see or what you ca n't explain , is much more frightening ! Give me `` The Others '' or `` The Ring '' anyday over Chucky and his ridiculous bride ! `` The Descent '' gives you that kind of fear -LRB- darkeness and the unknown -RRB- and does so on several levels.The story features six action lovin ' gals who decided to go cave exploring in the Appalachian Mountains . The alpha female , Juno , is an adrenline junkie and decides , without informing the others , that they will descend into an unexplored cave . Her friend , Sarah , only a year earlier lost her husband and daughter in a terrible car accident and is still battling the emotional demons of that tragedy , perhaps using the trip as a way to move on , trying to distance herself from the pain of loss . Holly , another adventurer , is quite reckless and also prone , like Juno , to a big adrenline rush.Once the women are inside , they are trapped by a rock fall and eventually become aware of underground creatures that see them as a walking meal . The creatures are very creepy and the tight shots of the ladies spelunking and later trying to escape the cave dwellers will tie your stomach in knots . The camera work is great , making you feel the claustrophobic horror that the women are experiencing and giving you only enough light to see the terror that is being inflicted upon them . Add to that trust issues among the friends and personl problems that add to the drama and you have a lot of emotion and fear.The film takes a little while to get into but once in the cave , the suspense builds with each scene . There is a lot of blood and gore , but it is n't overdone and only adds to the shock of what is happening to the team of spelunkers . I 'm looking forward to seeing the original ending which was changed for American audiences because it offered a less than positive ending . Even with the American ending , I highly recommend this film to fans of horror movies . I will definitely add this one to my dvd collection !
 With the majority of drivel being passed off as contemporary horror film-making , it is SO refreshing to see talent like Neil Marshall still fighting the good fight - personally , I was really starting to consider the genre `` dead '' , what with all the endless re-makes -LRB- of films that werent particularly good in the first place ! -RRB- , sequels , etc. . Now it should be mentioned that this film is indeed somewhat derivitive of previous horror entries but dont let that stop you!What it may ultimately lack in originality , it more than makes up for in spunk , tension , and yes , horror!More than a few scenes literally made me jump outta my seat -LRB- I now regret not seeing this in a theatre ! -RRB- . I 'll be keeping my eye on this Mr. Marshall , you 'd be wise to do the same !
 In a wonderful departure from the `` ten little indians '' schemata of previous horror films where the man is strong and the woman survives by luck , here we get an entire movie about just women forced to survive against evil . There are no women running around in towels or their underwear , no women needing to be rescued by a man ; these women are tough and that 's part of what makes this movie so engrossing.Set for no real reason in the Appalachian Mountains -LRB- was this some subversive move on the part of the writer/director as a commentary on contemporary US relations with Europe as most of the women are European ? -RRB- , this is a great tale that takes its time developing and delivers a great payoff . Hold onto your seats in the final half hour as things get very nasty very quickly . I have never been a fan of violence against women , such as in the recent remake of `` The Hills Have Eyes '' -LRB- which included a nasty rape -RRB- , but I could handle it in `` The Descent '' because the women fight , and they fight hard and are not hapless victims . How often do we get to see that ? Like - never.Great movie , but not for the claustrophobic . You 'll become so involved with the movie that you 'll feel like you 're in the caverns with the women and it 's not always a comfortable fit .
 After a brief introduction , these characters are thrown into one of the most intense horror movies in recent years . Get ready to jump , cringe , squirm , and be thoroughly entertained . Once the action starts , it does n't let up . Throw in a hearty measure of claustrophobia , coupled with some really tense climbing sequences , and you have pretty much a perfect horror movie . Relentless , bloody , and truly scary on many levels . Horror fans wo n't be disappointed .
 One Of Those Great Horror Movies You Got ta Add To Your Cellection ! Great StoryLine , Non-Stop Action , Good Acting . Grade A Movie .
 I watched the China Doll movie DVD that I received from Amazon.com and thought it was very entertaining movie . The movie builds up the relationship between Capt. Brandon -LRB- Victor Mature -RRB- and Shu Jin -LRB- Li Li Hua -RRB- which leads to their marriage and having a little baby . It is sad at the end as both Shu Jin and Capt. Brandon are both killed , but it was nice to see the daughter 14 years later being met at Los Angeles Airport by Capt. Brandon 's old crew . I would recommend this movie to anybody who likes movies that end up being very heartwarming .
 Old school romance . Probably enjoyed more by the over 30 group or pure romantic . Picture quality is A-1 . A movie with a romance and war theme .
 This is a great little movie , however I was disappointed that the copy I received was in Black & White . The format is advertised as being in color . The false advertising disturbs me as much as it not being in color . But if this does n't bother you then you will probably enjoy it .
 CHINA DOLL is a finely-pitched wartime drama . Victor Mature plays Capt. Cliff Brandon , a disillusioned airman fighting against the Japanese . One morning he wakes up to discover he has purchased the services of a beautiful Chinese housekeeper , Shu-Jen -LRB- played by the celebrated Asian actress Li Li Hua in one of her rare American film appearances -RRB- . This is one of the better films produced by Frank Borzage around this period . Just like the similarly-themed `` Sayonara '' and `` The World of Suzie Wong '' , CHINA DOLL explores the problems and prejudices involved in a cross-cultural relationship.Victor Mature is fine playing Captain Brandon ; but it 's Li Li Hua who really owns this picture . She only made a handful of movies in America , but here she is truly magnificent . The cast also includes Ward Bond , Bob Mathias , Johnny Desmond and Elaine Devry.It 's great to see CHINA DOLL finally on DVD . The disc offers no extras but the anamorphic transfer looks a treat . -LRB- Single-sided , single-layer disc -RRB- .
 I have not seen this movie since I was a young teenager and have been looking for it for so long . I was so excited when I found it on Amazon , I bought it straight away . On recieving , I cleared my afternoon , took the phone of the hook so not to be disurbed , sat down and enjoyed every minute of it . It 's not Academy Award stuff , just a lovely romantic romp , something to get lost in for an hour and a half . Victor Mature may not have been one of the greatest actors , but I do enjoy anything he 's in , there is just something about him and I thank god he graced the silver screen with his presence . Do yourself a favour , and just enjoy .
 This is an overlooked movie by many . I is a very touching story of love and how it can change one 's life . A must see .
 Whoever wrote the product description for Amazon for this movie apparently never saw the movie . Not to give the ending away but what this describes as what happens at the end is absolutely wrong and needs to be changed as it is misleading . Victor Mature was never a great actor but there is n't now and never has been a face like that on the movie screen . It is unique . I saw him once many years ago in New Orleans and recognized him instantly . He fits this part perfectly as it is an older rather jaded character boozing his way through his spare time in a war zone . I was not impressed with the beauty of the Chinese girl and she was waaaaaay too made up , hair too Americanized , but she did a very good job in the role . For a while it seemed like they were playing it mostly for humor then the story turned and it became all drama . For a movie about that time made during that time I thought it was well done . Once I started looking at it I could n't stop .
 This is a movie that i 've wanted for over 20 yrs . Amazon.com is my hero !!!! This movie made me cry when i watched it after i had seen it with my dad , who died in 1990 . This is a movie that makes me feel closer to him .
 This 1958 film directed by Frank Borzage was set in China during World War II . `` Captain Cliff Brandon '' -LRB- Victor Mature -RRB- , drinking away his tour as a Hump Pilot , takes in `` Shu-Jen '' -LRB- played by the Hong Kong film star Lihua Li -RRB- as his housekeeper . A gruff and distant relationship becomes affectionate ; love follows ; the two marry and have a daughter ; and then the Japanese attack.The film can be appreciated from a number of angles . -- Intercultural marriage . American moviegoers were offered `` Sayonara '' in 1957 , `` South Pacific '' and `` China Doll '' in 1958 , and `` Bridge to the Sun '' in 1961 . The treatments now show their age , but the different plots and characters were addressing interracial marriage , perhaps in response to the small but growing number of GIs returned from Japan and Korea with wives . These films , even though they were about white-Asian marriages , should be recognized for denting interracial taboos , laying important psychological foundations for the Civil Rights movement a few years later . -- War film . `` China Doll '' gave more visibility to the American aviators in the China-Burma-India theatre . Spliced into the film are great scenes , originally shot by combat cameramen , of troop carrier aircraft dropping supplies to the American and Chinese troops crossing Burma . -- Aviation movie
 The product arrived on time and it was a good condition . I enjoyed this movie very much by watching it at myhome and at the convenient time .
 The dvd was exactly as described . Shipment was faster than I thought it would be . Very good transaction ... thanks !
 If THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS was theatrically released in today 's era , it probably would n't hold a candle to any of America 's other animated features and disappear without a trace . But this is a Japanese Anime , and , in its native land , it was a huge box office success . Titled as `` Nagagutsu o Haita Neko '' , the production was released in 1969 , and the title character , Puss 'N Boots himself , named Perro -LRB- or Perrault -RRB- , became a mascot character for the animation studio , Toei . An interesting fact about this film is that Anime pioneer Hayao Miyazaki is credited as one of the animators -- in fact , he was responsible for the key animation of the climactic , hang-on-to-the-edge-of-your-seat finale . Fans of Miyazaki 's work will notice how similar it is to the climax of THE CASTLE OF CAGLIOSTRO.Compared to today 's standards , the animation is poor , but at the same time interesting to look at . The entire story is expanded , altered , and spiced up similar to a Disney treatment of a classic fairy tale , but its artistic style is somewhere between a Hanna-Barbera or a Warner Bros. cartoon . This almost sounds like a drawback , but it provides for some silly , funny , and occasionally slapstick moments . It also feels perfect for this kind of movie , even if at times it screams Disney . -LRB- Not that I think of it as a bad thing ; I 'm rather fond of Disney movies even to this day . ^_^ -RRB- Do n't expect a faithful retelling of the classic fairy tale PUSS 'N BOOTS -- this adaptation adds -- and sometimes embellishes -- a lot of cute , funny elements which make it a lot of fun . The hero , Perro , a cat musketeer pursued by three chief-of-police felines -LRB- he committed the ultimate `` crime '' of saving a mouse 's life -RRB- , befriends a young miller , Pierre ; soon the two are off to seek their fortune . With clever scheming -LRB- and a lot of tall `` tail '' - telling -RRB- the cat manages to help Pierre pose as the Prince of Carabas in order to woo the lovely Princess Rosa . But the wicked ogre , Lucifer , also wants Rosa , and kidnaps her on the night of the full moon . Perro and Pierre set off to Lucifer 's creepy , macabre castle to save her and outsmart her captor . Given that this is a fairy-tale , the ending is very predictable -- yet watching it unfold is only half the fun . Instead of just simply killing Lucifer off by having Perro pull the `` trick him into changing into something edible '' trick , the script -LRB- written by Hisashi Inoue and Morihisa Yamamoto -RRB- extends the climax into a series of chases , slapstick gags , and , as mentioned , a final confrontation scene which is breathtaking to watch , even if the artwork is dated . -LRB- Incidentally , director Kimio Yabuki was also responsible for another fairy-tale Anime , the little-known SWAN LAKE . -RRB- I understand that there are Disney haters in the world , and will probably look for things to complain about this loose retelling ; particularly the comic mice sidekicks and four incidental musical numbers . But there are others -LRB- like me -RRB- who wo n't mind at all -- especially if they 're fans of Disney and their adaptations of fairy tales . The mice provide a lot of humor , and , although the lyrics in the English version sound awkward and uninspired , the songs never feel intrusive and are fun to bounce to . -LRB- The only exception is Princess Rosa 's number , which is as slow and as lovely -LSB- but not sappy -RSB- as any romantic ballad . -RRB- THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS was given a limited U.S. release to the Saturday-morning kids ' market , along with other productions Toei produced , including JACK AND THE WITCH and TREASURE ISLAND . The English dubbing was produced by Titan Productions , Inc. , with direction by Fred Ladd . Available from HI-TOPS VIDEO -LRB- where I first saw the movie -RRB- as well as MEDIA VIDEO and VESTRON VIDEO , the voice acting is very lively , but there are problems . For one thing , the voices , with the exception of Princess Rosa , all sound like they 're being acted by one actor . -LRB- And Perro sounds , oddly , like Al Jolson . -RRB- In other words , it 's not very high quality . The words do n't always fit the mouth movements well , and some lines occasionally come off as stilted and a little too fast . Such flaws are probably best to be expected , since this is an early dub -- recent English track productions have far outclassed past efforts . Still , considering that this is probably the only dub of the film available in English -LRB- and that the Japanese language track has not been around in the U.S. -RRB- , it 's not so bad -- unless you count the occasionally sloppy lyrics in the songs and Perro 's sometimes grating voice.Unfortunately , the movie may be hard to find -- since its 1988 issue , the video has fallen badly out of print and I have heard no news of any new U.S. company planning to give it a second release . Let 's hope it does happen someday . THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS may be a dated Anime when compared to more recent efforts -LRB- and U.S. folks probably may consider it too `` cartoony '' for their tastes -RRB- . Nevertheless , it is 80 minutes of fun , laughs , and action , and a must-see for longtime history buffs , especially if they 're interested in seeing traces of Miyazaki 's earlier years as an animator before he became a big name . It is a great `` cat 's meow '' , indeed .
 American fans of this TOEI animated classic have been waiting a long time to see this early example of Hayao Miyazaki 's work on DVD , even longer if they missed its several -LRB- at least 3 -RRB- now long gone VHS releases . What 's more , for those of us who remember Fred Ladd 's well-done English dubbing that was first shown on American TV so long ago and later released on VHS , Discotek Media has wisely included it as the second audio track . The English audio is a little the worse for wear -LRB- though in better shape than the Vestron Video release -RRB- , and the English credits are unfortunately missing , but unless and until someone wants to pony up the money for a modern re-dubbing , it is better to include it than not because purists can always choose the Japanese audio track with English subtitles . -LRB- Parental note
 This movie was actually more delightful than I expected . A bit of it is dated - what do you expect from a movie made in 1969 - but the animation quality of this film was actually better than most of the cartoons that came out in the 80 's and 90 's in America , and even some of the cartoons today!The human characters were a bit flat . Pierre just takes his brother 's abuse , and it appears that Puss does all the thinking for him -LRB- which is pretty much the truth in the original story as well -RRB- Princess Rose is also flat . She acts helpless and weak , sniveling and crying and then saying ` no ! ' instead of trying to reason with Lucifer . Lucifer himself was a pretty interesting character , though I did n't understand the deal with his necklace being the source of his power , if he is the Devil himself , as this weakness ultimately led to his demise.The action sequences are beautifully animated , and the animal characters are interesting and fun to watch . You would n't know this was an anime from looking at the King or Pierre 's brothers , because they 're lacking in the wide-eyed anime look that is so common today . Even Pierre and Rose do n't look so Japan-ized , but due to the early date of this movie , one can safely assume that this was before anime became what it is today . Overall a very enjoyable movie and one I would n't mind watching again , or letting my nephews and nieces watch . 4.5 / 5 stars for a great and humorous retelling of the Puss in Boots tale .
 This is one out of three early Miyazaki animes I once saw when I was a child in the early seventies in my local cinema . I grew up in the GDR , and the movies were shown in german . Unfortunately , no one seems to know anything anymore about a german synchronisation so I finally found the english ones and I am very delighted indeed!Please consider ` Puss 'N' Boots Travel Around The World ' and ` Animal Treasure Island ' as well !
 Such a fantastic animation i enjoyed both the sub and the dub a lot.It was great value for money , One all the family can enjoy 5 stars .
 This is an amazing movie that I wish would be released on DVD , do n't miss it .
 I remember as a kid being scared to death by the TV commercials for this one . Every time it came on my sister and I would freak out . I had n't seen the film years but always remembered it as a real twisted thriller . Well , now it 's available again and years later it still remains a great , creepy thriller . Hopkins is sooo young here but already shows what a tremendous actor he is . Ann-Margret was still a true beauty and Burgess Meredith is just great . Eeerie , creepy and well acted . This one is still a winner all these years later . Oh , one other thing , those TV commercials - there on here and there still scary .
 Yes , there have been better films written by William Goldman , and yes there are better performances by Anthony Hopkins out there as well . But it you have a real desire to see a scarry movie with fine production values -LRB- including Jerry Goldsmith 's haunting score -RRB- then check this film out . Watch it with the lights on and with someone you wo n't be embarrassed to see you jump when the knife drops or Fats goes into a rant . Hope it comes out on DVD sometime soon . It deserves to be seen by a whole new generation of Hopkins fans .
 At first , I thought I had gotten the PG version , but soon found that it was the R-rated version that I had hoped for . It was a bit more fast paced and compacted than the book , which I read less than a week before purchasing and viewing the movie . I have to admit , I am a little biased because I think that Anthony Hopkins is the best actor that ever has been or ever will be . But I truly think that this is one of his best works . Ann-Margaret is cool too , and I enjoyed the lovey parts between them . People on this site seem to want to describe this movie as scary when the only part that I jumped on was when Corky drops the knife at the end , and that was only because the thump it made was so sudden . Otherwise , ` Magic ' was a nice , refreshing romance with a twinge of schisophrenic weirdness . But all in all , this rare find was one of the best movies , both that I have seen and that Anthony Hopkins has been in . Great job !!!! I hope to see this movie make it to DVD some time soon !
 In response to `` A Viewer '' from Sierra Vista , I too remember that all too terrifying ad . . I was too scared to see the movie -LRB- I 've based my rating on the brillance of Mr. Hopkins -RRB- and read the book instead which probably still not such a great idea as the imagination can play awful tricks on you as well . . I hope that this indeed is released on DVD because I would finally love to see Anthony Hopkins in what is probably one of his finest roles - of course , I 'll have to leave the lights on !
 Just a comment . Reading some of the other reviews , I was reminded of the sheer dread of watching the television spots for this movie back in 1978 . I would have been nine years old and I can totally see Fats as he recites his evil little poem . Seriously , 25 years have gone by and I 'm still carrying that image with me ! If this sucker ever makes an appearance on DVD , and they put that ad in the bonus features , we will have a whole new generation of kids too freaked-out to sleep!I 'm glad to know I 'm not the only one who had more than a few sleepless night thanks to that promo . Anyway , enjoy the rest of the reviews .
 Corky and Fats -- Fats and Corky -- Anthony Hopkins is superb in this Psycho Thriller.Except for Dead of Night-1945 this is the best of it 's kind.A.H . is a great paranoid split personality who reveals his alter ego not through himself but through his dummy -LRB- Fats -RRB- . `` Abracadabra , I sit on his knee . Presto , change-o , and now he is me . Hocus Pocus , we take her to bed . Magic is fun ... when you 're dead . `` This film will give the creeps and Ann-Margret is as sexy as ever.With Burgess Meredith as well.Hopefully it will go to DVD in the future.You wo n't be disappointed .
 ALL I can really say about the movie is that the puppet steals the show . It really did n't matter how weak the story was because the puppet 's comments made the show .
 GREAT movie , I am glad i found it for sale here and it had a great price !
 I was impressed with Sir Anthony Hopkins in this psycho thriller.I liked the chemistry between him and Ann Margret 's character as an ex-classmate that he was shy about and his reconciliation of a relationship that never happened due to his painful shyness he exhibits toward her character in the movie . I felt sad for him not to mention the terrible consequences that results out his desperation of not dealing with his mental problems he did not want to resolve . Anyhow , it is a great suspense thriller and it will peak the curiosity of those that are true fans of Sir Anthony Hopkins .
 Corky Withers is a young failed magician who makes a successful comeback as a ventriloquist . On the verge of stardom , Corky disappears for fear a deep dark secret will be revealed . Hiding in a small town , he finds comfort in the arms of a now married high school crush . As the shocking secret emerges and the truth is exposed , all hell breaks loose . This movie went bye almost unnoticed as it was released just weeks after director John Carpenter 's famed and now classic horror , `` Halloween . '' To its credit , `` Magic '' was directed by Oscar winning director , actor , producer Richard Attenborough . The movie is a slow mover but a chilling novel turned screenplay by William Goldman and brilliant performances by Sir Anthony Hopkins , the always beautiful Ann Margaret , and multi-talents of Burgess Meredith is the true `` Magic '' that makes this film work . Couch Potato Review 3 Potato 4 .
 What I first loved about the 1978 film `` Magic '' was the fact the television trailer I saw in the summer of that year caused me to run out of the room . Granted , I was eleven years old , but the creepiness of this alone made me want to know more . I would n't find out more until years later when the film was broadcast in an `` edited for television '' version . I liked it then , but love it in its complete form provided on this dvd.As some viewers may have already expressed , `` Magic '' contains one of greatest scenes in all of American film . Not by chance , it occurs between two fantastic actors
 Magic is one of those rare cinematic gems that deserves a wider viewership . The story centers around Corky -LSB- played to great effect by Anthony Hopkins -RSB- who is shy and self-effacing , and desperate for a break in showbiz . His luck turns around when he comes across a ventriloquists ' doll , Fats that is incorporated into his act , bringing him fame and fortune . His agent , Ben Green -LSB- Meredith Burgess -RSB- gets him a TV stint , but Corky refuses to get a physical ` on principle ' . He flees in a panic , and ends up in his hometown , where he stops by a rental cabin that , as it turns out , is owned by Peg -LSB- Ann Margret -RSB- a girl he had a crush on back in high school . This is where things start to escalate , for the worse , as Fats does n't ` seem ' too happy about Corky 's affection for Peg , and acts out in a jealous rage ... worse still , matters get complicated when the agent , Ben tracks Corky down , and the appearance of Peg 's husband . The movie is held together by the spellbinding performance of Anthony Hopkins . He actually trained for the role , and Fats ' voice is all his . The frustrations , and conflicts that Corky goes through is vividly evoked by Hopkins ' facial expressions and suitably modulated voice . The supporting characters are equally effective - Ann Margret 's Peg & Burgess Meredith 's Ben are the most convincing . The effects are more old school , no CGI here - but very effective is conveying a sense of menace in the atmosphere , that there is something darker to the relationship between man and doll . Question is
 I 've been waiting for a decent DVD `` print '' of this movie for years . This is really a find . The transfer is amazing and the special features are well worth the ticket price.The disc even includes the famous TV commercial that scared so many kids the networks had it pulled . ` Did n't matter . If you saw it once , it stuck in your head ... `` Magic is fun ... We 're Dead ! `` The soundtrack is MONO but that 's the way it was released in the theaters and it sounds really rich.I 'm giving this one 5 stars for good reasons .
 There is no way I would even attempt to outshine the two current spotlight reviews by Kona , dated August 30 , 2003 and by Michael R. Gates , dated May 1 , 2006 which are excellent . If they are n't still spotlighted by the time you read this minor review by me , then look for them by their dates . They are truly superior reviews.This film is an outstanding achievement in acting by Anthony -LRB- The Silence of the Lambs -RRB- Hopkins , and directing by the legendary actor and director Sir Richard Attenborough -LRB- The Great EscapeandJurassic Parkfor acting andA Passage to IndiaandGandhi -RRB- for directing . Of course , both Hopkins and Attenborough are known for their many other works . Additional fine acting is to be seen and enjoyed in Ann-Margret -LRB- Viva Las Vegas -RRB- and Burgess -LRB- Rocky -RRB- Meredith 's roles . Even the type-casting of Ed -LRB- The Longest Yard -RRB- Lauter as the heavy is well-played . Of course , without William Goldman 's original novel and film adaptation , we would n't have this great story and although one ca n't say that it 's original , as we 've seen this issue on both the large and small screen before , it is compellingly done here and , again , much credit to the flawless acting by Hopkins who evokes both great sympathy and great dread and the extraordinary directorial skills of Attenborough.This is a minor masterpiece and I wrote about it as I know that it is also fairly much forgotten and deserves recognition . In spite of knowing the ending after seeing it once , thus the mystery is over , it does have great repeat quality to it as the story is so cleverly told and acted . Purchase this little gem ; you wo n't regret it .
 Corky is an introvert who does not relate very well to people , so he learns to express himself through use if his alter ego , Fats the Dummy . Turns out people love Fats and , by association , Corky . Certainly Corky must realize people understand Fats and Corky are on and the same , right ? Perhaps not , for Corky relies increasingly more on Fats to say and do what he himself could easily do , if only he had the confidence to do so . Fats brings Corky fame and fortune , but we all know money can not buy happiness . Turns out Corky 's fame is just the solution for his childhood romance , Peggy Ann Snow , whose wanderlust has not been satisfied by husband Duke 's rooted , staid life . Does loser-turned-celeb Corky have what it takes to sweep the once popular Peggy off her feet and take her away from it all ? Anthony Hopkins gives a chilling performance as Corky / Fats , and Burgess Meredith shines , as always , as Corky 's agent , Ben Greene . Ann-Margret has some very good moment as Peggy , though ultimately her performance is uneven . Very good film !
 Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- breathes life into his dummy sidekick , Fats , and hits the bigtime as a ventriloquist / magic act . Well , almost . You see , Corky has a little problem . It seems that he 's allowed his own second personality to `` be '' Fats ! This would be fine if Fats were normal , but alas , he 's a homicidal nut ! Corky flees the spotlight after refusing to take a medical exam as part of a big network contract . He travels to his old hometown , then to an old inn in the Catskills , run by childhood sweetheart , Peg -LRB- none other than Ann Margret -RRB- . Corky finds peace , quiet , and happiness in Peg 's arms . Unfortunately , His agent , Ben Green -LRB- Burgess Meredith -RRB- tracks him down . Time for Fats to spring into action ! Poor Ben ! To make matters worse , Peg 's hubby shows up , gets drunk , and acts a fool . Fats has a surprise in store for him as well ! Corky , unable to control Fats , becomes the submissive second banana of the duo , and must cover up Fats ' evil deeds . Meanwhile , Peg has decided to run away w / Corky . Little does she know that Fats has a plan for her too ! MAGIC is a suspenseful treat for all lovers of good horror movies . That Fats is one creeeepy dude ...
 Anthony Hopkins , Ann-Margaret and Burgess Meredith star in this engrossing fantasy story of a failed magician who becomes an overnight sensation as a ventriloquist with his foul-mouthed dummy Fats . Trouble begins when he visits an old love and contemplates leaving show biz - which Fats violently opposes . If MAGIC sounds familiar , it should be
 Magic is a first-rate thriller , with a typically excellent performance by a young Hopkins , who actually does his own ventriloquism for the film -LRB- his voice for Fats is great -RRB- . The dummy is one of the most interesting ever designed -LRB- looks a bit like an intelligent and potentially sinister Alfred E. Neuman -RRB- , and its moveable parts include several minor , accenting `` facial muscles , '' giving the ` persona ' of Fats a disturbingly realistic aspect . The supporting players are in excellent form , too . The film has a moody and claustrophobic quality which is perfect for the tale . Attenbourough 's direction is top-form as is Kemper 's cinematography . Ca n't comment on the dvd , for have not yet purchased it . Only just recently recalled this film , and thought on how much I should like to see it again , so was checking if Amazon stocked it . Am ordering it straightaway .
 Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- is a failed magician who can still do tricks and finds the secret to his success in a big city night club thanks to being a ventriloquist with a dummy named Fats , his agent Ben Greene -LRB- Burgess Merideth -RRB- wants him to be on TV as Corky must be required a medical test before he can be on the show . Corky becomes obsessed with Fats especially having chats with him , he 's too scared to have the medical test so he runs away for a while to a lake resort in the Catskills owned by the former love of his life Peg -LRB- Ann Marget -RRB- whom he falls for again , but Fats starts to become evil and wants to take control of Corky so he can kill people and go to the brink of insanity.Highly underrated and unique cult horror thriller from Richard Attenbough and writer William Goldman -LRB- `` The Princess Bride '' -RRB- , the film was a minor hit back in 1978 and gained a cult following . It blends horror with some humor , a superb score by Jerry Goldsmith , and great acting by the cast . The dummy Fats himself is quite a scary little thing for as i remembered back in 1986 when i was 4 watching this movie on video or TV i was terrfied and made me afraid of dummies especially of my brother 's dummy but luckily now i 'm not afraid of them anymore as much as i was as a kid.This DVD has great picture with sound quality and some good extras like a featurette , interviews , still gallery , trailer , radio spots and TV Spots like the infamous `` Abracabra i Sit on his Knee '' one . This is one of the best psycho and killer doll flicks ever , it 's also one of my personal favorite horror movies that i strongly recommend for your horror collection.Also recommended
 In this movie a young Anthony Hopkins plays Corky , a ventriloqist . Corky 's doll is named `` Fats '' and he does seem to have a mind of his own . Corky realizes that he is mentally unbalanced and flees to a cabin in the Catskills where he meets his long lost High School crush played by Anne-Margaret . Corky then kills two people and yet he still expects to ride away into the sunset with his new love !!! Is this guy in real need of Therapy and Medication or what?After watching this movie I could n't figure out who the real dummy was - Fats or me for paying $ 3.50 to see this trash ?
 With his recent film successes as an actor of note , it is likely that Sir Anthony would not want to be reminded of his work on this modest thriller . He should n't be worried , though , because he delivers an outstanding performance as the oft-repeated role of a ventriloquist whose alter ego takes over . His Jekyl/Hyde turn as both Corky and Fats the dummy shows that he , even then , was an actor on the rise.Ample support - no pun intended - is given by Ann-Margret as the love of Corky 's youth , Ed Lauter as her husband , and the always dependable Burgess Meredith as the manager/agent who finds out too late how ill his star performer really is.With an ominous yet quiet score from Jerry Goldsmith , the film never descends into gore as is so common in current horror flicks . Although not one of the best of the genre , the flick is still a worthwhile viewing experience.Better than average and the rating reflects a 31/2 star rating rounded off to 4 .
 This movie is maybe the best showcase of Hopkins ' demonic talent . My favorite scene is when Gangrene challenges Corky to keep Fats quiet for 5 minutes , and Corky , of course , ca n't do it . Hopkins ' sweaty stream-of-consciousness psychopathology portrayed here is just breathtaking . I think this film has gotten more respect from the `` critics '' over the years , probably because of Hopkins ' Oscar from Silence of the Lambs -LRB- which is not among his best performances , but I 'm glad he got the hardware anyway -RRB- . The score features a creepy accordian that evokes the `` magic '' of the carnival . William Goldman 's screenplay also gives us a downright hilarious Fats ... when he 's not killing someone , that is .
 Magic -LRB- Richard Attenborough , 1978 -RRB- Abracadabra , I sit on his knee.Presto chango , and now he is me.Hocus pocus , we take her to bed.Magic is fun ... we 're dead.It is likely that anyone over the age of thirty will remember the traumatizing television spot for Magic , David Attenborough 's riveting drama about Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , a magician who 's on the skids until he teams up with a dummy named Fats -LRB- also voiced by Hopkins -RRB- . When Ben Green -LRB- Burgess Meredith -RRB- , Corky 's agent , mentions that Corky will have to have a medical exam before doing his first television special , Corky flips out and retreats to his childhood home , where he meets up with Peg -LRB- Ann-Margaret -RRB- , a girl he had a crush on in high school . Will Peg be Corky 's salvation , or will Fats get jealous?Adapted by William Goldman from his own novel , Magic is a wonderful piece of work that 's finally gotten itself a good DVD treatment -LRB- including , of course , the infamous television spot -RRB- . While Attenborough is usually a brilliant director , Magic shows him at the height of his powers . Every shot is perfectly framed , the pace is right on cue at all times , and he pulled incredible performances out of his entire cast . While the film faded into entirely undeserved obscurity , now it 's poised to return to its former glory . If you 've never had the pleasure of seeing this brilliant film , do so . ****
 I can not even begin to tell you how terrified I was of the 1978 film `` Magic '' . Actually , I never got around to seeing the film until recently . What scared the blazes out of me were the darn commercials that ran on television when the film played in the theater . In 1978 , I would have been seven or eight years old , depending on when the movie came out . No wonder I was scared ! Those advertisements for the film surely rank as one of the most effective marketing campaigns in motion picture history . If you have a copy of the DVD , check out the extras ' section on the disc . The ads are there , and they 're still horrifying . All we see in the television spot is a closeup on Fats , the main character 's dummy , as he recites a poem . It 's the music playing in the background , and how the dummy says the words and how he looks when he speaks them , that still send shivers down my spine . I ran out of the room with my hands over my ears when I first heard the commercials , and I felt like doing so again recently . Scary . So scary , in fact , that I spent YEARS looking under my bed every night just to make sure that the maniacal little dummy was n't waiting for me.Now that I can bring myself to watch the movie without screaming over those commercials , it 's nice to see `` Magic '' and realize it 's an excellent , chilling little film . The protagonist of the story is Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , a failed magician looking for the one thing that will launch his star . Early on we get to see the utter horridness of his act . It 's bad largely because he 's so insecure and hesitant onstage . Flash forward roughly a year and we see that our hero has found the golden ticket to Hollywood . Corky managed to construct a highly entertaining ventriloquist act with his dummy Fats . We see him in action in front of a packed house , and it 's like he 's a totally different person . Confident , funny , not sweating like Richard Nixon on crank -- Corky is ready for the big time . His seasoned agent Ben Greene -LRB- Burgess Meredith -RRB- thinks his client is ready for bigger and better things , too , but there 's a slight problem . The television network wants our man -LRB- not the dummy -RRB- to take a physical as a precondition for employment . Corky flat out refuses to take the examination , and runs off to his childhood stomping grounds somewhere in the Catskills in order to lie low and clear his head.What 's the big deal about taking a physical , anyway ? Well , Corky knows he 's slipping mentally . He can feel it day by day . His old insecurities never really went away . They actually worsened , and now they manifest themselves through Fats . Call it a split personality . Call it schizophrenia . Whatever the case , our main character is crazy , crazy , CRAZY . He prays the trip will help his condition , and hope seems within reach when he hooks up with his childhood flame Peggy -LRB- Ann-Margret -RRB- . She 's in a relatively loveless relationship with the overbearing Duke -LRB- Ed Lauter -RRB- , and is just looking for a way to get out . So is Corky . The two quickly come to the realization that they could run off and live a new life together . Alas , Fats is n't interested in a new life . The dummy wants to remain at the center of Corky 's existence , and he 's willing to do whatever it takes to win the battle going on in the magician 's soul , including committing a series of heinous murders . It soon becomes apparent that no one in Corky 's inner circle is safe -- including Corky . The situation worsens when Peggy refuses to leave without telling Duke her plans . Too bad her old man is n't around anymore ... `` Magic '' is pure magic , a vastly underrated suspense and horror thriller that undeservedly slipped into semi-obscurity for nearly thirty years . The film simply sparkles with creativity , excellent performances , and memorable sequences that stick in your head long after the credits roll . The idea of using a dummy to represent one half of a schizophrenic personality was a stroke of genius . Bolstering this theme are the performances from Anthony Hopkins -LRB- amazing -RRB- to Burgess Meredith -LRB- excellent -RRB- to Ann-Margret -LRB- also excellent -RRB- . A great cast always helps make a film great , and `` Magic '' is no exception to that rule . Also giving the movie added vigor are several memorable sequences . I can think of three off the top of head . There 's an amazing scene between Meredith and Hopkins where the agent asks Corky to ignore the dummy for just five minutes . The fact that our protagonist ca n't do it speaks volumes about his deteriorating mental state . Another sequence involving Corky , Peggy , and a deck of cards underscores his condition as well . Finally , when we see the dummy `` manipulating '' Corky instead of the other way around ... well ... prepare yourself for some serious scares . Thanks go to everyone , from director Richard Attenborough on down , for a job extremely well done.The DVD version of `` Magic , '' brought to us from Dark Sky Films , exceeds expectations . The picture and audio quality look and sound excellent . Extras abound . We get trailers , an old interview with Anthony Hopkins , Ann-Margret make up footage , a still gallery , an interview with cinematographer Victor Kemper -LRB- who reveals several intriguing cast changes that make one wonder what the film might have looked like had they went with their initial plans -RRB- , a lengthy `` Fats and Friends '' documentary , and previews and radio spots for the film . Fats himself even shows up to say a few words . I 'm so glad I finally got the opportunity to see this film on disc . I 'm also thankful for the opportunity to commiserate with so many other folks my age about those horrific commercials . It 's almost therapeutic to learn I was n't the only one running for the door , hands clamped firmly over my ears and shrieking like a banshee !
 forget the fact that the viewer has no clue HOW hopkins ' Corky got involved with the dummy , or HOW he even got famous at all . the big deal here is Hopkin 's performance . reminicent of early Peter Lorre , hopkin 's descent into dementia is mesmerizing , and , as `` Fats '' , his high pitched Brooklynese ventriloquism is absolutely chilling.Whenever other characters -LRB- i.e. Ann Margaret and Burgess Meredith -RRB- invade the screen , the movie becomes pathetic . When Hopkins and Fats the dummy are alone together , it is one of the finest spectacles ever commited to film by a single actor .
 everyone should see this movie . it has a great cast and is somewhat like an old twilight zone episode , only better . the commercials for this film used to scare the heck out of me when I was a kid . the musical score is enough to give anyone the creeps . most people who have never seen this film will say that by today 's standards , it moves too slowly ... pity . not everyone will like ` Magic ' , as it is too often compared with other films with similar themes , but I would argue that it 's definitely worth seeing the cast in this independent , low-budget psychological thriller . anyone reading this should look up the lyrics to a song called `` Sad , But True '' which was greatly inspired by this film . I only hope this DVD -LRB- first time in America , April 2006 -RRB- is not the edited , made for television version .
 I have become convinced over the years that Anthony Hopkins could do one of those motivational infomericals and he 'd still be creepy.Here is an inexplicably obscure movie in which Hopkins is a lovelorn puppeteer with a tenuous grasp on reality . By itself , his dwindling sanity provides more chills than most modern horror , because few people can depict madness like Hopkins . Add a leering puppet to that dawning lunacy and , well ... This is the kind of movie that makes you want to look over your shoulder every thirty seconds.I saw it as a young boy and could not sleep that night . I kept imagining I would look up from my pillow and see Fats the dummy grinning from the foot of my bed . I revisited the movie decades later and the creepy crawliness of the film was not diminished . Fats still evokes childish fears and Hopkins is still a master of delivering that kind of unease . It 's a lethal combination.Magic is a movie that should be more frequently discussed in horror circles . If you have n't seen it , it 's a must . If you saw it years ago , it 's worth a second viewing . You 'll still want to look over your shoulder every now and then to be certain Fats is n't behind you with that hideous , wide-eyed grin and some really vile intentions .
 I saw this when I was 12 years old and it freaked the shiznit out of me - low on gore , high on psychological thrils , MAGIC is an old-school horror flick of the classic kind - anchored by Anthony Hopkin 's early bravura dual performance as Corky/Fats - but what I remember most about MAGIC is n't the movie , but the scary as hell TV spots that used to run back in the 70s on late-night TV - the bonus materials explain that after the simple , yet very creepy TV ads ran ONCE on TV in New York , they were pulled due to parental complaints about frightening their little tots - they 're were n't far of the mark - as the camera pulls in and `` Fats '' intones his evil poem - `` Magic is fun ... we 're ... DEAD ! '' - you 'll feel your blood turn to ice . A nice DVD to complete your horror collection - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Though the movie was frightening enough , it was n't what I saw one night alone in a Poconos hotel room while my parents were out dining and dancing . What I witnessed was the thing that STILL freaks me out when I think about it . The Magic commercial . All it was was Fats the dummy reciting a demonic poem . I can still say the poem to this day . I was so scared , I could not leave the bed until my parents arrived back , hours later.I must be honest , ventriloquist dummies still scare me to death . They should totally release the commerical to video or DVD . From what I see , enough people of my age were freaked out about it and would probably LOVE to see it again .
 FINALLY it comes out on dvd . This film is absolutely brilliant . Psychologically scarred me as a kid . I 've never been able to think of ventriloquists or their wooden counterparts in quite the same way since . Still , it has left a lasting , unavoidable impression upon me . I have both dreaded and longed to see it again . Thank you , Dark Sky , for making that possible .
 This is an Anthony Hopkins movie that should be seen by any Anthony Hopkins fan . He is young but what a job of acting . Ann Margret also stars in this movie . I had it on VHS tape and was so happy to find it on Amazon on DVD.I would recommend it .
 If you like Anthony Hopkins , this is one of his best . It is a bit `` off '' but it keeps you watching . A very different movie . Saw this years ago and remembered it . It never comes on cable . I think it is worth a look .
 I like this BluRay release of the Anthony Hopkins/Ann Margret film . The BluRay transfer was done very nicely and the extras were pretty good but could have been better.I really enjoyed the Dennis Alwood interview , Fats and Friends . I do wish there were new interviews with Anthony Hopkins and Ann Margret though . There is an old , archival Anthony Hopkins interview which leaves much to be desired . Though it 's better than nothing .
 If you like Anthony Hopkins , you must watch this movie . Very suspenseful . He is a great actor . My kids even enjoyed this thriller .
 Magic was a film I always loved since seeing it in the theater in 1978 . It was wonderful to find it via this seller for such a great price , and their service just made everything superb . Super fast and high quality packaging . I will order from them again !!
 This Blu-ray arrive at my home and played with no Flaws.Its an old classic but I give it 4 stars because it is not one of the best movies I have seen in my 53 years .
 The 1978 film Magic is one of Anthony Hopkins earlier movies and , after watching this , it is plain to see why he is the master of doing suspenseful psychological thrillers . Directed by Richard Attenborough , Magic starred Anthony Hopkins , Ann Margaret , Burgess Meredith and David Ogden Stiers . Written by William Goldman , it told the story of ` Corky ' Withers who fails at his first attempt at professional magic . Coming back a year later with `` Fats '' , Corky does well on the circuit . When his agent tries to sign him for his own TV show , when it is mentioned he has to take a physical - Corky quickly declines and bails out . Yet , the truth is , he does n't want them to find out that he suffers from Multiple Personality Disorder and he hears `` Fats '' talking to him . Once in the catskills , he meets up with an old flame-Peggy Ann Snow -LRB- Ann Margaret -RRB- who is in a marriage on the rocks . They both start up a relationship , which leads to the both of them making love & sparks the jealousy of both Fats and Peggy 's husband Duke . That 's when the fur starts to fly and the story gets even deeper.It 's been said that , when the movie 's trailer first aired , parents claimed that it gave their children nightmares . The trailer itself featured Fats reciting a poem -LRB- Abracadabra , I sit on his knee . Presto , change-o , and now he is me ! Hocus Pocus , we take her to bed , Magic is fun ... we 're dead . '' -RRB- after which his eyes roll back in his head . It 's followed by a cast reading , then Fats opens his eyes and gazes to his left.Siskel and Ebert loved the film and placed it at # 9 on their top 10 list of great movies for that year . I , personally , loved the movie myself when it first came out and I still watch it from time to time now.If I had any gripes about the movie , it 'd be that Corky and `` Fats '' die at the end . I know that it ties in with what takes place in the book but it would have been cool to see a second film based on the characters . Alas , it was n't meant to be ... which is a real bummer . At any rate , Magic is a great movie . Definitley on my top 10 favorites of all-time .
 Magic stars Anthony Hopkins long before Silence of the Lambs . His character `` Corky '' is a magician who ca n't seem to catch a break . He decides to try his luck at using a ventriloquist doll during his act and he becomes a success . His ventriloquist partner `` Fats '' starts to take over Corky 's thoughts and motives . The success that his act has brought him starts to push him further into insanity and he runs off to escape with Fats . It is at this point that Corky 's weird life begins to fall apart . He finds his long lost love and her violent drunk husband when Fats decides to take over . I remember seeing this movie as a kid and it really scared me . Just the thought of a doll coming to life is a bit disturbing . Great movie !
 Magic is a timeless suspense film starring Anthony Hopkinks , Ann Margret , and the always entertaining Burgess Meredith -LRB- better known as Mic from Rocky . -RRB- The story follows an up and coming ventriloquist `` Corky '' and his dummy `` fats '' on their near rise to stardom . This is a very entertaining yet creepy film where the dummy is in control of the ventriloquist -LRB- very similar to a Twilight Zone episode . -RRB- Just watching as Corky ca n't go more then five minutes without speaking as fats is sheer genius . Great acting plus a very clever story make for a timeless movie , as is the case in `` Magic '' . I definately recommend this classic if you need a change from the typical cookie cutter horror/suspense films out there now .
 I had n't seen this film since the seventies . Hopkins was an anonymous actor in those days . Still he brings an enormous performance as the shizophrenic puppeteer , competing against his own puppet.The play of the seventies is still enjoyable according to today 's standards.Great film !
 This is an overlooked wonderful character study that should hopefully be out on DVD worldwide.A synopsis of the film can be found in many places , but in short , this is a character study of a hapless magician , deftly played by Anthony Hopkins , who hits success when he becomes a ventriliquist with a dummy named `` Fats '' , yet Fats may seem more in control ... or alive , than one might realize.This movie was a box office and critical flop when it came out , but I believe there are a few reasons why , and why they do n't mean anything anymore . First , the film was released at a time when slow character studies were on the wane , and films like Jaws , Star Wars , and Halloween were capturing audiences attention . It also was frought with comparison to two excellent Twilight Zone episodes , Caeser and Me , and The Dummy -LRB- one of the series best -RRB- . But more important , and most significant , is that the teaser trailer to this film was one of the most chilling , riveting previews in cinema history . A simple shot of a dimly lit Fats receiting a little poem , `` Abracadabra I sit on his knee . Presto-Chango , and then he is me ... '' People saw this , were scared out of their wits , and expected a tense , thrilling film . Instead they were greeted with a film with a slow opening , and a gradual character study . But while that might sound dull , or drab , I promise you it is not . Once you get into this film Hopkins and Fats are compelling , and the tension at times is very thick and harrowing . It may not have been the horror film people were expecting , but I assure you that Fats would make Chucky pee his pants.Of note
 ... long before Chuckie and Hannibal was this fanciful thriller which is not so much scary as it is disturbing . See , Hopkins as the ventriloquist goes mad and goes on a killing spree through the dummy . As the dummy seems to be moving on it 's own , it will have you shuddering with goosebumps . Ann-Margret plays his romantic interest and Meredith ` The Penquin ' Burgess plays Hopkins ' agent/manager . -LRB- They will meet again in less lurid circumstances in the Grumpy Ol' Men movies -RRB- . The last moments of the film are unforgettable . See this one in the dark with a freind .
 I 'm sad to learn from the other reviewers that the only version of the film available is an EP edited version ; a bad dub with the language chopped up . Hopefully it 'll someday be released un-edited on DVD , but the reviewers here have been wishing for it -LRB- and even teasing it -RRB- for over 5 years . Does n't bode well.When I first saw MAGIC on television as a 10-year old boy , I was scared-out-of-my-wits and could n't sleep ... despite not understanding the schizophrenia element . -LRB- I thought Fats , the dummy , had REALLY COME TO LIFE and was committing the murders . -RRB- Needless to say , I was completely freaked-out about ventriloquist dummies from then on ; an abnormal fear that sort of continues to this day , as I near forty.The music is moody and the setting - with its bare trees and murky lake - is melancholic . Add a creepy-looking dummy capable of infinite facial expressions -LRB- and filmed like a living actor -RRB- , and you get this scary and atmospheric film concerning a sympathetic but emotionally unstable ventriloquist and a tragic romance that 's sadly doomed to fail . -LRB- One of the lovers is married and the other insane . -RRB- Anthony Hopkins turns in his usual flawless performance , this time offering us a prelude to his later Hannibal Lecter role . The beautiful and sexy Ann-Margaret is costumed in frumpy shapeless sweaters but is still unavoidably desirable . Here she does great supporting work as a woman trapped in a bad marriage , dreaming of a more magical love - perhaps in the arms of Corky , the fated main character . But of course , we know that 's not to be ... and it pains us.Lots of creepiness and doom and gloom perhaps , but nonetheless an exceptional film . The acting , the tragic love story , and the mood-appropriate cinematography combine for an A-minus movie .
 Magic looks very nice on DVD . Solid clean picture quality with original basic mono soundtrack . A pleasant suprise from Dark Sky Films .
 This fabulous suspenseful thriller amazed the world in those late Seventies . The notoriety ` s fear and the introversion of a failed and shy ventriloquist , will conform an admirable exercise of the purest suspense , arousing inner demons . This work still remains as the greatest horror thriller of that Decade sharing honours with The Omen , The exorcist and the Sisters.Richard Attenborough , Anthony Hopkins and Ann Margret constituted an overwhelming trilogy unable to fail or lose . If you go for the famous `` Dead of the night '' and watch the last episode in which Michael Redgrave plays a similar role , we can conclude this picture is , perhaps a heartfelt tribute for that legendary movie , considered for many as the Gran daddy of this genre in those times .
 i am here only to ask . amaazon. , or if anyone exercises ANY control over WHAT these people write , WHY a review revealing much of the plot , surprises , etcetera , IS PERMITTED TO BE PUBLISHED HEREIN , THUS SPOILING WHAT DIRECTORS , CAST , WRITERS , AND STAFF WORK-AT TO ACHIEVE in the FILM . has n't one ever been WITH on of these ` types ' at a theatre , or ... ? y' know , '' and you know what happens NEXT ? `` humanity-in-general does alright with freedom , but as inALL THINGS , THOSE PEOPLE are ALWAYS HERE ... is there NOT a way to keep their EVIL , AWAY ? thank you for allowing me2vent .
 `` Magic '' showed us early on what Anthony Hopkins can do . The dummy is not exactly a Charlie McCarthy and there are parts not for the squeamish . Ann Margret has a curious role in this tale , but she does it well . Along with `` The Bunker '' and his over-the-top Quasimodo in the `` Hunchback of Notre Dame '' , the viewer gets an excellent foretaste of what was to come in his Hannibal Lecter roles .
 I am very satisfied with my purchase of this DVD . It is in excellent condition , and I can now share this movie with others who never saw it .
 Viewing `` Magic '' is when I first became aware of Anthony Hopkins as a brilliant actor . This movie coincided somewhat with his starring role in the highly praised QBVII , that was being aired on TV . I made a mental note to `` watch this actor . '' I saw `` Magic '' at the Capital Plaza Cinema in Austin , Texas in the Seventies . One of the things I remember about it most , besides , spooky Fats , the dummy , was the haunting and eerie cords played on a `` squeeze box '' over and over throughout the movie , just two chords . They played when something creepy was about to happen , or had just happened . Hopkins was great as a type of stalker , psycho , who used Fats as a prop , Burgess Meridith was great as his manager and Ann Margaret was excellent in this dramatic and slightly kookie role .
 God , this film is so sublime and underated.Anthony Hopkins plays the unhinged pmagician who is convinced that his sudden upturn in fortunes is down to his wooden `` puppet '' act ... maybe so or maybe not.We are left doubting throughout the film.Did it instigate certain actions or was it Hopkins own mind playing tricks upon himself.This film is a classic and what joy it is to find it in dvd format.Please , give this movie a chance.It really is an unsung classic.John
 Not since PSYCHO had a movie captured a descent into madness as frightening as MAGIC . A young Anthony Hopkins stars as ventriloquist/magician Corky , an obviously disturbed man who begins to show signs of a mental breakdown when he ca n't seem to function without Fats , his dummy , by his side . As he escapes the pressure by going back to his hometown and reuniting with the love of his life , his condition worsens and tragedy strikes . Hopkins is brilliant , and supported very nicely by Ann-Margret as his old flame ; Ed Lauter as her loutish husband and Burgess Meredith as his cantankerous agent/manager . The dummy is quite chilling and the ending leaves a startling impression .
 A Ventriloquist Magician by the Name of Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- afaird being Famous , when he decide to run away from the Public and Goes Back to his Childhood Home and he falls in love with a High-School Friend -LRB- Ann-Margert -RRB- but Corky slowly descent into Madness.Directed by Richard Attenborough -LRB- Chaplin , Cry Freedon , Gandhi -RRB- and From a Screenplay by Two Time Oscar-Winner : William Goldman , Based on his Novel . Hopkins and Goldwin did work Together again in the Underrated-Hearts in Atlantis . Hopkins gives a Strong Performance in this Underrated Gem . Do n`t miss this Fine Well-Made Thriller . Grade : A - .
 This movie is one of Anthony Hopkins best movies . He has done a great job in creating his character . He has put a lot of feeling and emotion , to make this a must see movie .
 This story of a psychotic ventriloquist is truly frightening , especially as portrayed through the gifted Anthony Hopkins . Ann-Margret gives her best performance as his high-school sweetheart stuck in a bad marriage . Based on the novel , the plot is powerful and well-developed . One caution
 I saw this movie at the show when it first debuted . I 'm an Ann-Margret fan and that was the original reason I wanted to see this film . After I saw it the first time the movie just haunted me . I saw it several times after that . Anthony Hopkins is EXCELLENT in this picture . I kinda like FATS too . It is a very emotional movie and I actually cried at the end not wanting to see either ` one of them ' die . The haunting melody to this movie has haunted me throughout the years and I wish I could find a soundtrack to this picture . Richard Attenborough did a stupendous job directing this movie . I videotaped this picture when it was first shown on tv , then finally purchased it on Beta Then VHS . I 've been waiting for it to come out on DVD and will be the first one to get it . This is a MUST SEE movie . If you like Anthony Hopkins you will love his performance .
 I saw this film last night after refusing to see it for a while because of a fear of ventriloquism . What a great film ! I sincerely believe that this is Anthony 's Hopkins finest performance . His telepathic card scene with Ann Margaret is fantastic , he is just so intense . This is one of the most intelligent horror movies I 've ever seen , because Fats never walks around on his own , when he murders victims , its done by Corky . Corky 's obsession with perfection and success ultimately takes over his mind and ability to control himself . Metallica once did a song about this film called `` Sad but True , '' it sums up the ideology of this film well . I also believe this film 's concept may have been based on that one Twilight Zone episode , but I could be mistaken .
 I will begin by saying that I think most so called horror today is flat out laughable . They usually -LRB- though not always -RRB- contain overdone rediculous effects , incredibly stupid characters , no story , a high body count of people we never got to know , etc. . This movie is A DOSE OF WHAT REAL HORROR IS . The story starts normal enough . -LRB- Thus it is plausible . -RRB- Anthony Hopkins attempts with success to make a living through magic and the use of a puppet -LRB- FATS -RRB- . All starts well . But soon afterwards , we see that Hopkins does not want to be subjected to a medical exam . Why ? We see that much of his repressed feelings are voiced through FATS . Gradually , Hopkins starts to lose control of the repressed feelings that he expresses through his puppet , and the puppet starts ` running the show . ' -LRB- Pardon the cliche . -RRB- Eventually , Hopkins repressed side through his puppet causes him to commit murder . This movie literally slams most ` so called ' horror films into the wall . Horror is not from rediculous monsters killing through an even more absurd series of effects . Horror comes from realizing that something is plausible and COULD HAPPEN ! Also , since there is not an excess amount of blood , the murder scenes LOOK REAL and are all the more plausible ! Also , a FEW bodies THAT WE GOT TO KNOW is infinitely more scary than a huge body count of ` barely knews . ' Moving right along , character development is superb . We are lead into feelings for Hopkins , but we still understand that some of his actions are reprehensible . Meredith may have a dirty side , but he also has a really good side that really wants to help Hopkins . We may feel sorry for Margaret , but we probably will not forget that adultery is reprehensible . Margaret 's husband has a brutal side , but we are allowed some sympathy for him , and his benevolent side is clear when he tries to save someone who ` may still be alive . ' On top of that , the scenery is beautiful and dignified . If you like Anthony Hopkins in this , be sure to see him as the eventual King Richard the Lion Hearted in the phenomenal masterpiece `` The Lion In the Winter . ''
 I have to admit , I never could really watch this entire movie . You see , when I was a kid -LRB- about eight years old -RRB- the ads for this movie on TV scared the you-know-what out of me . The ad consisted of a close-up on the dummy 's face , and he would say these really horrible `` Roses are red , violets are blue ... '' type poems . For at least a year afterwards , I would look under the bed before I went to sleep to make sure that dummy was n't there . I 've tried to watch the movie a few times since , but a deep terror grips my heart when I see that dummy ! I could never sit through the whole thing . A friend of mine compared my fear of the dummy to his fear of the chauffer in the movie `` Burnt Offerings '' , another movie which I have n't seen . The dummy is sure scary , though ! Does anybody remeber these Ads ?
 Richard Attenborough 's 1978 opus MAGIC is a minor masterpiece of cinematic horror that , while oft overlooked , arguably helped pave the way to the slasher craze of late '70s and early '80s -LRB- it was released within a mere month of John Carpenter 's now better known HALLOWEEN -RRB- . Though Attenborough and scripter William Goldman -- who adapted from his own identically titled bestseller -- play down the grislier slasher aspects of the novel , they do generate genuine psychological terror with the help of an outstanding performance from actor Anthony Hopkins -LRB- yes , THAT Anthony Hopkins , who would later leave a bigger mark on horror cinema portraying another fictional loon , the infamous Hannibal Lecter -RRB- . Excellent supporting performances from Ann-Margaret , as Hopkins ' love interest , and Burgess Meredeth add to the believability and , in turn , the scare factor of this delightful genre gem.Hopkins portrays Corky Withers , a painfully shy but talented magician who overcomes his stage fright and ignites a meteoric rise to fame when he takes on a sidekick -- an extroverted and bawdy ventriloquist 's dummy he names Fats . As Corky 's act becomes more and more popular and draws the attention of big-time agents and Hollywood brass , introverted and insecure Corky allows the artificial Fats personality to take control . And Fats will do anything -- ANYTHING ! -- to help Corky keep his split personality a secret.True , the plot of MAGIC is not totally original . Not only had a few cinema offerings already told the same basic story -- 1929 's THE GREAT GABBO and a segment of the 1945 British anthology DEAD OF NIGHT , to name a few -- but TV 's ALFRED HITCHCOCK PRESENTS -LRB- in an episode entitled `` The Glass Eye '' -RRB- and THE TWILIGHT ZONE -LRB- in a segment called `` The Dummy '' -RRB- also featured startlingly similar subject matter . Still , MAGIC has two things going for it that make it rise way above the miasmic story line -- the superb dramatic -LRB- and , surprisingly , ventriloquistic -RRB- talents of Anthony Hopkins , and a scene featuring the eye-poppingly gorgeous bare -LSB- ... -RSB- of the beautiful and talented Ann-Margaret . Seriously , though , the performances in MAGIC , especially that from Hopkins , make the worn plot seem compelling and fresh -- not that Ann-Margaret 's naked -LSB- ... -RSB- do n't add a certain allure -- and fans of the horror and thriller genres who have n't seen the film already should definitely seek it out.Fortunately , the new DVD release of MAGIC from Dark Sky Films makes it easier than ever for genre fans to see this cinematic jewel . Not only does the disc offer a pristine widescreen digital transfer made from original 35mm negatives , it also offers some pretty cool bonus material . Included are a featurette in which ventriloquist Dennis Alwood , who was a consultant on the film , discusses the challenges in creating the Fats dummy and in tutoring Anthony Hopkins in the art of ventriloquism ; interviews with Mr. Hopkins ; TV and radio spots in both English and Spanish ; and much more.In short , 1978 's MAGIC is a great horror flick that , unfortunately , has been eclipsed by other more sensationalized genre films from the same era . But thanks to the folks at Dark Sky Films , horror fans can now see a near-perfect copy of this wonderful film , and serious genre fans will definitely want to add the DVD to their collections .
 Anthony Hopkins stars as Corky Withers , a ventriloquist/magician with a pathological fear of failure . When his life starts to become surreal , he looks up the girl he secretly loved in high school , Peggy Ann Snow -LRB- Ann-Margret -RRB- , and , with the help of his wiseguy dummy , Fats , sparks fly between them . But Corky 's agent -LRB- Burgess Merideth -RRB- worries that Corky thinks Fats is real , thus setting off a deadly chain of events.Anthony Hopkins is utterly convincing as the fearful and hallucinating ventriloquist . His manic performance is dynamite ; he will break your heart and send chills up your spine . Ann-Margret is good as the cheerleader turned haus frau , but does n't look dowdy enough . Ed Lauter gives an excellent performance as her brutish husband . Burgess Meredith plays the sophisticated and worldly agent with regal aplomb and almost steals the show.William Goldman 's script is thrilling without resorting to gore , and the soundtrack , which is often simply a discordant harmonica solo , adds to the spookiness . I thoroughly recommend `` Magic '' to fans of Anthony Hopkins and psychological thrillers ; you will not be disappointed .
 I 've never been so bone-chillingly afraid of ANYTHING in my life . When I was six , the TV spots , known to me & my sisters as `` The Dummy Commercial '' aired during our nighttime television viewing time . The first exposure left me petrified . Each succesive airing made me run as far from the TV as possible . In recent years I collected the nerve to rent the film on VHS , hoping for some kind of reckoning with ` Fats ' ... but the mood of the film was bland compared to my intensely frightened memories . Now , at last , the film with all the press material , including that startling TV spot is available on DVD . My heart thumped in my chest as I brought home this DVD and explained to my roommates the significance of what they would soon watch with me . I made them leave the room as I cued up the spot , turned off the lights and asked them to be seated . I started the commercial and watched both of my 30 + roommates freeze . I confronted that harshly lit face and did not look away . I studied every detail . As a 33 year old man , I 'm still afraid of the ` Dummy Commerical ' .
 For 1978 , this movie had its scary moments . Sir Anthony Hopkins and Ann-Margret did a wonderful job in Richard attenborough 's adaptation of William Goldman 's classic . Lucky for me , I still have the un-edited version on cassette . What I remember most about this film was Corky , the ventriloquist going slowly insane , due to schizophrenia , and romancing his childhood sweetheart , Peggy Ann Snow . The love scene between Anthony Hopkins and Ann-Margret was passionate and beautiful , if not a bit steamy . Nevertheless , the scene was executed well and came out right . Some of the more frightening moments in the film were also executed well . Corky using Fats to kill his agent and Peggy 's husband are fine examples . As was Corky going completely insane in the end . I , too , remember the commercial for the film , and it did not bother me as much . Magic was a very good film . The soundtrack by Jerry Goldsmith was really ominous and haunting . It would be great to see Anthony Hopkins and Ann-Margret work in another film together .
 This review has nothing to do with the above pictured videotape edition of this film . If the other reviews are to be believed -LRB- and I see no reason why they should n't -RRB- this tape contains a cut version of `` Magic '' which I must nay-say on general principle . And now back to Matt 's life : I first saw this movie at about the age of six or seven when it premiered on network television . Of course I 'd already been intrigued and frightened near to death by the super-creepy t.v. spot that ran in 1978 -LRB- kudos to other reviewers here for reminding me of that little gem after twenty-some years -RRB- . While the film in no way dissuaged my intent on becoming a professional magician and ventriloquist , it did spook me pretty good . Now , after over a decade , I finally decided to revisit the past.While the film certainly is n't great , it is nowhere near as bad as some people would have you believe . It also does not approach the level of banality to which Mr. Hopkins has , in recent years , apparently resigned himself . While I have never been old Tony 's biggest booster , I think a case can be made for his performance here . If nothing else , the role is the perfect showcase for his acting style and those who go into the film loving him will only love him more . Ann-Margret does a good turn as Peggy-Ann Snow and Burgess Meredith trots out his usually excellent curmudgeon bit . While the whole dummy/ventriloquist personality swap is nothing new to the genre -LRB- `` Dead of Night '' as well as a Twilight Zone episode starring Cliff Robertson come to mind as but two forerunners -RRB- , this film is nonetheless dark , bleak , menacing , creepy , powerful and very scary . It 's not perfect . The love scene between Ann and Tony is even yuckier today than it was when I was five . It is , however , worth a good deal more attention than it has been alotted in recent years . I 'm praying for a DVD with the t.v. spot to hit the shelves very soon.Some interesting points to watch out for : * William Goldman 's dialogue is just as fast paced and witty as anything David Mamet has ever written and really shows his chops as a screenwriter . * David Ogden Stiers -LRB- whose presence pretty much guarantees watchability in any scene he happens to be in , though here he is only in three -RRB- . * Ed Lauter -LRB- if you do n't know the name you surely know the face . Rent `` True Romance '' or , if you 're into bad movies , `` Death Wish 3 . '' The guy plays the same hard ass over and over , but does it better than anybody . -RRB- * Check out how closely Corky 's face resembles Fats in the scene where he waits for Peg to pick up the wooden heart . Probably the scariest shot in the film . * The scene where Ben challenges Corky to keep Fats quiet for five minutes is undoubtedly brilliant , but is closely followed by the scene where Fats really exercises his control . Corky screams with a migraine then crawls around on the floor on his hands and knees in a sicko-psycho-Simon-Says game with the dummy . * Peg 's closing line is , I think , supposed to be her own ventriloquist character voice . I always thought it was a dubbing flaw , but now I do n't believe so . It 's a very weird way to cap the film . * Check out how Corky 's entrance in the final scene with Fats mirrors his entrance in the opening scene with Merlin , his ailing mentor . There are several similarities and ironies not the least of which is that in both cases Corky is relating false events of what just happened to him.As I say , not a perfect flick , but hopefully the above list will tickle your fancy enough to give it chance . And if anybody out there knows anyone at Twentieth Century Fox , please exercise some influence and get this puppy on a DVD . Thanks .
 For some inane reason every time I think about the film Magic -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , that song ` You Can Do Magic '' , by the group America , gets stuck in my skull on a continuous replay loop -LRB- ` You 're the one who can put out the fire ' -RRB- ... argh ... anyway , back to the film , which is based off a novel of the same name by William Goldman -LRB- Marathon Man , The Princess Bride -RRB- , who also provided the screenplay here , directed by actor turned director Richard Attenborough -LRB- A Bridge Too Far , Gandhi -RRB- , and stars Anthony Hopkins -LRB- A Bridge Too Far , The Elephant Man , The Silence of the Lambs -RRB- . Also appearing is Ann Margret -LRB- Carnal Knowledge -RRB- , Ed Lauter -LRB- The Longest Yard -RRB- , and the late , great , perpetually crusty Burgess ` Buzz ' Meredith -LRB- Rocky , Clash of the Titans , Grumpy Old Men -RRB- , who 's always been one of my favorite actors ever since I saw him on the old Batman movie as the villain character The Penguin -LRB- `` How was I to know they 'd have a can of shark repellent Bat-spray handy ? '' -RRB- . As the film begins we see a painfully nebbish magician named Corky -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- bombing miserably on stage during a club 's amateur night appearance -LRB- no stage presence + an indifferent audience = lots of flop sweat -RRB- . Afterwards Corky , who suffers greatly from an overwhelming sense of insecurity , gets a piece of advice from his ailing mentor in that he needs something to draw the audience in , that being charm . A year passes and Corky 's playing the same club , but this time it 's a packed house ... seems Corky 's found his charm in the form of a foul mouthed , smart aleck , extroverted ventriloquist dummy named Fats , who is a really creepy , exaggerated caricature of Corky himself -LRB- they even wear the same outfits -RRB- . Anyway , Corky 's act proves popular enough for his crusty yet savvy agent Ben Greene -LRB- Meredith -RRB- to generate interest from a television network , but the mounting pressure eventually drives Corky to split town and head home to the Catskills . Upon arriving he makes the rounds -LRB- the old homestead , the cemetery , etc. -RRB- before renting a funky cabin by a lake , owned by a woman named Peggy -LRB- Margret -RRB- , whom Corky went to high school with so long ago and harbored a serious crush on ... seems Peggy is married now , to her high school beau Duke -LRB- Lauter -RRB- , but both are more or less going through the motions as the union has deteriorated significantly over the years . Anyway , Corky schmoozes it up with Peggy real good -LRB- you never fully get over those high school crushes -RRB- while Duke is away , resulting in a renewed sense of self confidence , but the feeling is short lived once Ben makes the scene and quickly realizes his client has some serious issues ... some seriously bad things happen , Duke returns home , and things get progressively worse , all leading up to a monumental meltdown as Corky struggles with the formidable will of his wooden partner.In one of the featurettes included on this DVD a man named Dennis Alwood , who 's listed as the ` ventriloquial consultant ' on the film , provides a number of facts about this feature , some of the more interesting ones being that Norman Jewison -LRB- In the Heat of the Night , Fiddler on the Roof -RRB- was the original director attached to the project and Jack Nicholson -LRB- Chinatown , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest -RRB- , the original choice for the role of Corky . Well , Jewison dropped out -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- , as did Nicholson -LRB- apparently Jack refused to wear a hairpiece required for the role -RRB- , and so , eventually Attenborough was hired to direct . The production was still without a male lead , so Attenborough turned to Hopkins -LRB- on the stipulation he could provide an American accent -RRB- , whom he 'd previously directed on the film A Bridge Too Far -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , which , by the way , is an excellent WWII drama worth seeing if you 're interested in that sort of thing . Also , Sir Laurence Olivier was in line for the role of Ben Greene , but due to illness he had to pull out , and so the role went to Burgess Meredith . Given these various elements one ca n't help but wonder how different the film might have been had the principle cast and crew remained in place , but know , despite the changes , this turned out to be an exceptionally creepy and entertaining thriller with some truly horrific sequences . Hopkins is amazing , not only in his role but also in his slight of hand abilities . I do n't know if these were skills he 'd previously possessed or if they were developed during the course of filming , but they add immeasurably to the credibility of his character . The other standout for me was Burgess Meredith , who played Ben Greene , Corky 's agent . Meredith was one of those performers who , while in character , made you believe without a doubt he was truly the character he was playing . Such is the case here as was true in Rocky -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , which he played the lead character 's tough as nails manager . The best scene , for me at least , was when Corky was arguing with Fats in the cabin , as Corky was falling for Peggy . As the two are going back and forth , Corky notices Ben standing at the door and two things happen ... Ben realizes there 's something seriously wrong with Corky , and Corky feels the fear that comes from exposure of his dual personalities . Both result in a very creepy scene as Corky tries to convince Ben it was all part of a rehearsal for his act , but Ben , along with the audience , knows better . The overall intensity builds significantly after this as Corky becomes unglued and subsequently subjugated to the more powerful will . As truly frightening as I thought this film was , I only wish I could have seen it when I was a lot younger , as I 'm sure it would have resulted in some really funky nightmares , given the level of psychotic energy that comes off the screen . If you 're looking for an exceptionally intelligent , unnerving cinematic experience I 'd highly recommend this one as it comes through with the psychological chills . The build up is slow , but the payoff is rewarding , and where else would you get to see a half nekkid Ann Margret ? Homina , homina ... This Dark Sky Films DVD release features an excellent anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- picture along with a solid Dolby Digital 2.0 mono audio track . There 's a number of interesting extras on the disc including an entertaining featurette titled Fats and Friends -LRB- 26:52 -RRB- , which has ventriloquist Dennis Alwood speaking extensively on the history of ventriloquism , along with talking about his experiences working on this film . There 's also a twelve-minute interview with Victor J. Kemper , the cinematographer on the film , who also supervised the transfer of the film onto this DVD , a three-minute radio interview with Hopkins , an Ann Margret make-up test -LRB- 1:18 -RRB- , a gallery containing photos and promotional materials for the film , the original theatrical trailer , four television spots , three radio spots , and English subtitles.Cookieman108
 Corky -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- a failed magician hits the big time with his ventriloquist act featuring the foul mouthed Fats . When fame comes knocking at his door Corky 's world begins to unravel when a major network wants to give him a deal but insists that he undergo a medical examination . His new found fame begins to overwhelm him so Corky returns to his hometown and starts an affair with a crush from high school -LRB- Ann-Margaret -RRB- . It quickly becomes evident to his manager -LRB- Burgess Meredith -RRB- that Corky is mentally unbalanced.A riveting thriller `` Magic '' met with hostile critical reaction when it was released despite a strong script by William Goldman -LRB- `` Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid '' , `` Marathon Man '' , `` All the President 's Men '' -RRB- from his novel , agile , suspenseful direction by Sir Richard Attenbrough and an incredible performance from Anthony Hopkins . This re-release on the Dark Sky Home Video label features a stunning brand new transfer from the original 35 milimeter negative for the film . The film is presented in its original widescreen aspect ratio that 's been enhanced for 16X9 Television sets . It 's a pity it has n't been remixed for 5.1 Dolby Digital but its possible the original soundtrack elements may not exist any longer.Additionally , Dark Sky has produced a number of attractive extras for this terrific edition . `` Fats & Friends '' is a nearly 30 minute featurette on the film providing background on the history of ventriloquism and plenty of behind-the-scenes stories . We find out for example that Jack Nicholson was originally going to be cast opposite Laurence Olivier in the film and with a different director -LRB- Norman Jewison -RRB- . `` An Interview with Victor J. Kemper '' the cinematographer on the film features plenty of behind-the-scenes information on the making of the film as well and it runs just over 12 minutes . We also get a vintage radio interview with Anthony Hopkins playing behind bloopers and cut sequences from the film . We get a second interview with Anthony Hopkins as well as Ann-Margret 's silent make up tests shot for the movie as well as a photo gallery and the original theatrical trailers two in English and two in Spanish with radio ads . The interactive menu echoes the original chilling commerical that played on TV when the film premiered and is highly inventive and disturbing .
 Sir Anthony Hopkins performance in this movie was simply amazing . Why have n't they released this movie on DVD yet ? I was only 6-years old when this film was released back in 1978 and I will NEVER forget the short , yet effective television commercial that ran briefly for this film -LRB- those of you who remember it know what I 'm referring to ! -RRB- . It was n't until I was nearly a teenager when I finally saw ` Magic ' for the first time , but even then I did n't have the maturity to really appreciate or understand the psychology behind it all . James Hetfield , lead singer of the band ` Metallica ' was so inspired by this film that he wrote a -LRB- rather disturbing -RRB- song about it called ` Sad But True . ' Unfortunately , this film has been out of production in any format for quite some time now , but If you 're interested in learning more about the film 's content and eerie musical score -LRB- that accordian still creeps me out ! -RRB- you can check out some of the VHS reviews here at Amazon -LRB- some of them are a little too revealing though , I think -RRB- . I can only hope that this buried classic is one day transferred beautifully to DVD . Lets give Sir Anthony Hopkins , Ann Margret , and Burgess Meredith the respect they truly deserve for their performances and release the full , unedited , theatrical version of this film already !
 I could not have done this DVD better myself . Being one of the skeptics of this release , being one who has treasured the film , way back from an edited for tv broadcast to the full length Embassy Video on Beta -LRB- ! -RRB- to a laserdisc to a really sorry but beautiful looking vhs of the edited for tv version . I have been probably this films biggest champion . My friend told me this DVD was coming out and passed for fear that this was just another rehashing of the `` Clean '' Edited version . Well I saw what great extra features were on it and I thought Ok . Give it a shot . I was worried because who has ever heard of Dark Sky films ? I thought surely 20th Century Fox would have put the proper version.But from the main menu to the Fats and Friends Documentary to the fact that this is the full length 107 uncensored version , I have been in a surreal state of Bliss . Finally having a definitive version of this movie . Even all the posters and lobby cards I collected are here in the photo gallery ! The conversation with the Ventriloquist supervisor for the film was excellent . Fats himself even makes a personal appearance in the discussion ! Funny stuff guys . Ok go buy it , and yes I do feel that leaving the film 's soundtrack in 2.0 was a good decision . If IT ai n't broke do n't fix it.Thank you Dark Sky films
 `` Magic '' is a great thriller with big stars , and based on a novel by a popular author . For some reason , critics jeered it when it was first released , and it apparently dropped off the face of the earth . As a last resort , I bought this tape , but found the viewing conditions were very bad . It 's better than nothing , I guess , but the sex scene was edited and the language dubbed out , just like on television ! This particularly hurts the final line of the film , which includes a certain four-letter word . Nonetheless , it 's a disturbing and very funny thriller with great performances . Buy this video anyway , it may be your last chance to see this movie , ever .
 My recollection of the film -- I 've only ordered it today -LRB- August 31 , 1999 -RRB- -- from my youth -LRB- when I was eight years old -RRB- is that of a genuinely frightening film which has a great deal of credibility to it . The dummy is seemingly real at all times , especially when it is killing some hapless victim . Hopkins acting is phenomenal . But one things disturbs me . I understand from other people 's comments that there is significant editing on the tape available here . Should this be true , I am afraid I will be disappointed . I was hoping to see the movie in the way in which it was intended to run , i.e. the way it originally aired in 1978 . The vulgar language of the dummy is integral to the film , I feel . Anyway , I look forward to receiving it .
 i got this for my dad . it is super creepy and worth a watch , but do n't watch it in the dark .
 For the people that like horror movies , this movie has to be in their collection . We are talking of nail-biting suspense . Anthony Hopkins is the master puppeteer who is submitted by his own puppet -LRB- mind -RRB- to become an irrational killer puppet . Highly recommended .
 hopkins is an awesome actor ! this is an early and very creepy portrayal . if you want to have nightmares !!!
 This movie really scared me when it came out in theaters years ago . It is still pretty exciting and leaves you wondering if the guy is really crazy or his dummy is alive !
 Like the title , it is &#34; Magic &#34; , indeed ! Anthony Hopkins is fabulous - as always.I am purchasing this as a Chistmas present for a family member who is a horrormovie fan , like myself !
 For fans of Anthony Hopkins ' intensity and versatility as an actor , this late-seventies thriller is a shining obscurity . Hopkins plays troubled loner Corky , his years of preparation as a slight-of-hand magician thrust back in his face by a drunk and distracted debut audience , who then redirects his efforts into a ventriloquism act with an engagingly demented dummy-sidekick , Fats . The resulting sudden thrust into national fame causes a very real split within Corky , who has given away far too much of his sublimated soul to his wooden partner , and then finds himself totally dominated by his own creation -- who , it turns out , does n't draw the line at murder when threatened . Ann Margret plays Corky 's now world-weary and vulnerable high school infatuation , and Burgess Meredith is the veteran agent who is the only one to recognize the truth about his client
 Great movie ! Anthony Hopkins is just amazing , as always . His mannerisms , his voice ... for God 's sake , the guy can even sweat on command!This is a horror flick that works for all ages . Great to watch alone , or with the whole fam . Great acting and an enjoyable story that does n't rely on blood and gore , just tons of `` Old School '' creep factor !
 The story is not the typical Chucky type however it keeps you on the edge of your chair for the entire film . It is a real thriller . Anthony Hopkins and Ann Margret play their parts well and are great as a couple . Burgess Meredith is seen in a more dramatic role than usual . The dummy looks much like a spooky Anthony Hopkins . A must buy for anyone who likes a real thriller .
 I remember as a boy wanting to see this movie , -LRB- honestly thinking that i would see an entertaining movie about a man and his puppet , man did i love the muppets as a kid -RRB- my father warned me that it might not be what i was hoping for -LRB- how right he was -RRB- . I have waited years for this movie to come out on DVD to once again experience a movie unlike any i can remember seeing as a child -LRB- or any point thereafter , in my life -RRB- . If you 're anything like me and miss the horror of the 70 's and 80 's , this movie might well be one for your collection , in fact it always bothered me that it never earned a place in the annals of the great horror of that period . And now that i think of it , the movie might better be described as a traumatic drama.The best way i can describe it is if you can imagine Jack Nicholson from The SHINING with a puppet -LRB- think for a second of what would gradually ensue -RRB- . This movie is the sad and gradual plummet regarding a shell of a man tortured by his own inadequacies and just a hint of paranoid schizophrenia . Ill admit there are bizarre moments where one is left to question where the man ends and the puppet begins and which one is really pulling the strings.For those of you not up on horror and are more in line with lets say Batman , if you know the villain Scarface -LRB- a pathetic ventriloquist , with a split personality , run by the more dominant criminal personality found in his puppet -RRB- Imagine if a movie was made solely on that concept , save for the fact that the puppet is n't so much a criminal mastermind as murderous sociopath.The viewer watches wanting desperately to believe that there is hope for Corky -LRB- Sir Anthony Hopkins , which i will quickly add not only gave one of his first cinematic performances in this movie , but arguably one of his best since the LAMBS SERIES -RRB- but the viewer is soon left to discover ... you know what better i not tell you -LRB- this is simply a movie that has to be watched , and i promise if watched with another you will be discussing it for hours -RRB- . One of the worst parts of growing up is becoming a cynic , losing your innocence and realizing the things you once believed in really are n't for real -LRB- i.e. Santa and the tooth fairy -RRB- . Well for those of you looking to regain a loss piece of your childhood , when this movie comes out in April 2006 , -LRB- do like i will -RRB- rent it or buy it , turn out the lights and watch , you will believe in magic again -LRB- i promise you -RRB- .
 I loved this video so much that I watched it on the edge of my chair.The only part that was sad was the ending were Fats and Corky die . -LSB- I practially cried at the end of this movie . -RSB- The funny parts was when Fats was on stage and said something about his sex life and when he told Corky to look at some girls chest.Fats is one funny dummy when it comes to the girls.When Peg places her hand in him he actually talks as she moves his ears and eyes and lips ... That 's about all for know ... later much ...
 This is a good movie . My husband enjoyed it . I was n't too impressed with the price of the movie since it was an older film .
 I imported this as it was `` region Free '' from Korea and have been enjoying it for well over a year . I would rebuy this movie IF it were in 5.1 DD here -LRB- but it IS N'T -RRB- , and my gut tells me that the extras -LRB- as usual -RRB- are just filler not totalling more than 20 min . I bet.Anyway , this movie has been out of circulation for far far too long . There is just a vibe about it . Fats is awesome and Anthony is of course in another dimension when it comes to actors . I must add this movie has the distinction of having my `` all time favorite scene '' in it ; it is the scenario which plays out when Greene -LRB- Burgess Merideth -RRB- walks in on Corky when he is having an arguement with Fats , the ensuing 5 mintues or so of celluloid should be bronzed as an example of how acting is DONE.Now , can I get `` Sybil '' starring Sally Fields ??
 I remember seeing this movie as a kid and found it to be scary . i now sort of compare it to the twilight zone episode of the dummy that comes to life . . cool movie though .
 Very well made series . Each episode is focused on a different gang , inclusing interviews from current members , former members , aswell as the law enforcement agencys attached to investigating that gang . Definately some parts that may be hard to watch for some people , it is an understatement to say that this contains violence . My only 2 issues with this show is that it was made for people that watch 1 episode at a time , if you plan to sit down and watch a few in a row , you will find it gets repetative . Aswell , the first season is the best one by far , contains all the major gangs , the show kind of goes downhill from there , but thats not to say it gets worse , just not as good as the first season . I grew up in a very gang dominated city and throught i knew a fair ammount about gangs , apparently i was wrong . This series is a definate eye-opener .
 i have been watching all the seasons of gangland . just purchased this season . and it was good . looking forward to the next season
 I heard about this movie from friends so bought it from Amazon . To learn about a man who suffered so much physical and mental pain and yet remain so steadfast in his faith is very inspiring indeed . The acting and directing were excellent and deserve a 5-star rating along with the way the story of this modern saint was told in the movie . What made the story of Padre Pio even more meaningful for me is knowing that he was alive when I was just a young boy .
 I bought this movie like a month ago . I just watched it and it is great ! I already watched it 2 times even though is a 3 hour movie ... it is worth every minute of it , and it is so good that you do not feel that is that long . I watched it in italian but you can put the english subtitles . Actors are great . Sound is great and quality of movie is great ! I will continue watching it with family or friends that want to sit 3 hours and see this amazing inspiring movie . I have seen a lot of religious movies , but so far my favorites are A man named Pope and Padre Pio .
 This movie was soo well done !! The movie inspired and enlightened me . I was motivated and encouraged to want to read more accounts regarding this saintly man . Even if some of the facts ARE an assortment of facts and fiction - it really does n't matter . The movie truly was indicative of what could be experienced when there is so much goodness in a soul .
 This is such a powerful movie that you 'll forget you 're reading . I highly recommend this movie !
 Love this movie . Shows one man 's real love for God and his people
 I have watched this video on YouTube . It was so much better on DVD , of course , but I was able to share it with friends and we plan to feature at movie night at my house . A great starting point for those who are hesitant or unfamiar with the life of Padre Pio .
 I mean that-and I 've seen them all as far as I am aware . St. Padre Pio is our family 's patron Saint . I am very close friends with a couple of his relatives ; one is a priest named by St. Pio before Fr . Pio was born ! I have read a lot about him as well as heard from these friends personal stories of this holy man . This movie went far beyond my expectations since most Saint films just `` do n't get it . '' I did not find a single error . However , it is only a 4 hour movie and the man lived with the stigmata for 50 years ! You can not possibly portray `` enough '' of his life to satisfy any devotee 's appetite . Also , this movie portrays just about the best `` Hollywood '' depiction of a woman possessed by a demon - very real life . -LRB- Her head does n't spin around , she does n't puke green . -RRB- My whole family -LRB- kids are 11yrs-22yrs old -RRB- enjoyed this film . We rented it on Netflix first and I 'm buying it to loan to people and hopefully inspire more friends and neighbors to give their whole selves over to our Loving GOD . St. Padre Pio , help us to trust God fully as you did . Help us to `` Pray , Hope and Do n't Worry , '' as you admonished us while you walked this earth with us . Dear father , pray for us .
 this is a very moving movie , charting the life and trials of padre pio , who was blessed with the stigmata.and his story begins from his childhood until is death , and his fights with satan.a moving masterpiece of italian cinema at its best.even at 214 minutes the photography and acting is superb .
 The story of Padre Pio was very well told in this film . It was very well made and the acting excellent . I really would recommend this film to anyone . Great stuff
 This was one of the best movies I 've ever seen . It made Padre Pio very real , his life , dedication and suffering . It was a lengthy film but worth ever minute . I highly recommend it to any one at all intersted in the mystical side of our saints and the Church .
 I loved this book , it is a wonderful story of Padre Pio and his healing . A great book for anyone that wants to know about Padre Pio .
 I really love this portrayal of Padre Pio , In my opinion it 's the most accurate portrait . I 've seen several movies on his life , this is the best one .
 I watched this movie with my wife on Friday night and we watched it again on Saturday ! A wonderful , inspirational movie and I would recommend it to everyone .
 My mother loved this christmas gift . She ca n't wait to see the movies . She loves Padre Pio.Thank you ! Very Satisfied !
 GREAT STORY ... LOVE IT , WHAT A GREAT MAN HE WAS !!! THIS IS A NICE MOVIE OF ONE OF OUR SAINTS !!!!
 If you like true stories , you will absolutely love this one . An amazing understanding of sacrifice , dedication and commitment .
 Could NOT watch Padre Pio Miracle Man on our region free DVD player -LRB- live in the UK -RRB- . Had to watch it on computer . This was the only disappointment .
 Outstanding movie with good acting and meaningful depth of a story and very well thought out script . Would buy again . Really liked it . Needed in this secular age . This is the second best spiritual DVD i have seen after Clare and Francis . And i have seen lots .
 This has been the best film I have seen in many years ! The acting was superb . I learned things about Padre Pio that I had not known before . He is definitely going to be a good role model for many , many people for centuries to come !
 Superb movie ! The actor playing Padre Pio is terrific and shows Padre Pio 's pious side and holiness as well as his no-nonsense attitude and great personality . Wonderful acting . Very touching and powerful movie . It 's as if I have met Padre Pio personally and got to know him better . His frequent battles with the devil are thought-provoking and very well acted . I highly recommend this movie to catholics and non-catholics alike .
 As a devotee of St. Pio , I have viewed many films and read many books about his life , vocation and ministry , but this film is superior to all the others combined . No movie has inspired or moved me as profoundly as this account of St. Pio 's life . The acting is outstanding ; the film is visually stunning , the music is beautiful and the characters are real human beings who attract , repel , evoke sympathy and compassion . Moreover , it offers the viewer deep insights into the true nature of the spiritual life , especially the lifelong battle with personal sin and the Evil Spirit , the role of sacrifice and ultimately , the redemptive act of Christ 's Passion in conquering all the enemies of the Christian life and salvation . St. Pio comes alive as a thoroughly human figure who was granted extraordinary graces by God and appropriated them for the good of others . This is a film to be viewed again and again , with much spiritual benefit .
 This film is fantastic . It is beautifully made and one of the absolute best religious movies I have seen . Not only is it strong and ever-relevant but it is also extremely provoking . Having watched it two times I felt struck while watching it , and I experienced it also as really being a prophetic film . - This movie teaches a person as much about one self as it tells us about a marvellous capuchin friar , that is , if we allow our selves to be touched . I recommend this movie with joy to all Christian brothers and sisters .
 Another great movie by Ignatius Press , Padre Pio is an intense look back over the saint 's life . The difficulty with this film is trying to relate to someone so holy and so unlike any other saint we have . Also , this is not a film for young children due to some disturbing scenes . Faithful in its depiction , Padre Pio does not stagger in the portrayal of all the controversy surrounding this modern-day saint .
 This film is very enjoyable . It serves just as well as a meditation on St. Pio as it does a movie . The only thing that keeps it from receiving a 5 is it sometimes lacks continuity and leaves out important explanations that are kind of skipped over . For example we never see St. Pio 's ordination . I understand the movie is already over 3 hours long , so they could not include everything . A nice 5 or 6 hour mini series may be what is needed . For someone however that is familiar with the Saint it becomes spiritual experience .
 This movie is very intense , but depicts the life of one of the great Saints of our century . Worth seeing .
 This was a fantastic experience . Those that bash this movie are somewhat blind . They probably read padre Pio 's biography written by the protestant bernard Ruffin . A protestant !!! Need I say more ? This movie is Catholic to the core . This dvd depicts father Pio realistically . Care-ing yet with a backbone . He is slandered and persecuted by many , even of sins against the flesh . This is nothing new . Most saints suffer these things , alas , everyone suffers temptations . I now have a great devotion to padre Pio which I did not have before , thanks to this film . You will not find hollywood making a film like this . The acting is superb , the chosen actors are perfect for the script , the score is touching and its a very good production . The Italians did a great job . You can place this gem next to other gems like ` The Song of Bernadette ' , A Man For all Seasons , ` El Cid ' and others . I have bought copies of this dvd for my Catholic friends and they 've loved it . This dvd will help comfort and edify your spirituality ... for those that bash this movie , all I can say is that I 'm positive the devil hates this flik as well .
 This version of an account of the life of Padre Pio is the best work done on any of the saints of Christianity that I 've seen . A well reseached and detailed film , documenting the life and miracles of a Franciscan Monk of our generation . From a small boy , he dedicated his life to prayer and helping others . A humble , but no-nonsense type of man , he suffered through 50 years of stigmata , even when the church was afraid to recognize this as a holy sign from God .
 This particular biographical movie on Padre Pio is amazing ! I have read many of his writings to his spiritual children and the biography by Ruffin , THE TRUE STORY . So , when I viewed it on YouTube , I was captivated ! Although the YouTube clips were a few minutes , I continued for an hour -LRB- maybe even longer -RRB- . I have NEVER watched that much YouTube -- ever ! So , I quickly purchased the DVD . The English subtitles were fine because I really appreciate the Italian language as contributing to authenticity . No matter if it is the life of a Catholic priest , anyone would enjoy the acting , the cinematography , the music ... one need not know anything about the Catholic religion to be entertained with the workings of human nature and how it contributed to Padre Pio 's sanctity .
 That is so good . Usualy in saints movie they do n't really care about the sainthood . But you really see padre dio praying , it 's not about fantastic , but that saint who love Jesus Marie and all saints and the creatures of God . We see how padre pio was serious about helping other . How important it was for his to be true . How important it is to do vows .
 This movie was soo well done !! The movie inspired and enlightened me . I was motivated and encouraged to want to read more accounts regarding this saintly man . Even if some of the facts ARE an assortment of facts and fiction - it really does n't matter . The movie truly was indicative of what could be experienced when there is so much goodness in a soul .
 How one man 's faith kept him through all of life 's challenges . Very well played out and very well done !
 This has to be my favorite movie ever . It 's amazing , great acting , great camera work and wonderful story .
 This is an excellent portrayal of the life of this great saint . It is not `` hokey '' in any way , nor sensationalist . The acting is superb , as is the cinematography and music .
 I watch many events , visited many countries , went to SaN Giovani Rotondo 2 times myself , besides Lourdes . Lourdes draws about 6 millions people annualy after some 130 years known , Padre pio also draw some 6 millions people -LRB- after 30 years known -RRB- . This equal disneyland annual attendance , yet , without food , dancing , nor rides ... only penance , prayer and penalties on the souls ... Awesome place.Short of going there , you need to see the 2 top Padre Pio DVD , Miracle man is one , and `` between Heaven and Earth '' the other one . SInce these movies deals with your eternal soul for eternity , no other films comes close to them Except the `` Passion of the Christ '' by Mel gibson . These 3 DVD is a MUST have in your home if you want to know what happened after this short life.One rich and powerful man went to PAdre pio and loudly yell , `` I do not believe in Hell !! '' . TO which PAdre Pio , quietly replied : '' You WILL , when you get there '' !!! If you care for your eternal life , buy this DVD , it is priceless and timeless . No Excuses .
 oooh was exelant move ... so real i was in the san Giovanni Rotondo so meny times iand in the move is so real . Love the move and the Sergio castellito did the best job again ...
 Although he was a priest of the church , he was a man of God first who was called to help the faithful . When the faithful are not being properly given spiritual nourishment , God sends someone to show the way . He sent us Padre Pio . May we continue to have such great saints sent to us.K
 Movie arrived on time and in great condition . This was a birthday gift for my grandaughter and she was really happy . I watched it and I just loved it , a great movie .
 This movie is defintely a crowd pleaser . You will want to watch it again and again and share it with your family and Friends . It is in English , Spanish and Italian audio with subtitle options also . Do not think twice about buying this movie . If you are interested in Padre Pio as a Saint or just want to watch a good movie this movie is Excellent in so many ways . The way it was made the actors included , it will lift your spirits and includes real people , real problems and how this Saint dealt with them .
 This DVD comes with a lot of options . One can watch it with English subtitles or English dubbing . I recommend the subtitles , but it is a personal preference . The music is stunning in the film and that is what first drew me to the film . The acting is very well done . It is difficult to portray the temptations that Padre Pio faced , and the film does an adequate job trying to do that . If one wishes to know the story of Padre Pio , this film does a good job .
 This is one of the greatest religious films about a saint that I 've ever seen . The acting , directing , writing , settings , and music are all perfect , and the story is told in a most believable , inspiring and moving way . It also conforms closely to the saint 's biography . Worth seeing many , many times .
 Last night I watched Padre Pio between heaven and earth and it is boring compared to this movie , Sergio Castellitto makes Padre Pio come to life , I have watched this movie at least 10 times and still love it ... I would would not even waste my money on Bewteen Heaven and Earth , After watching Sergio Castellitto in Miracle Man it is impossible to watch anyone else play this role ...
 Wow ! This is an amazing portrayal of the great Capuchin priest with the stigmata , Padre Pio . Sergio Castellitto is absolutely compelling in this role . A great acting performance in a very challenging role to say the least ! He helps us see the human side of this very holy man , as well as his incredible spiritual gifts and powerful faith , and his real love and compassion for people . It also has glorious cinematography , and an excellent music score . Very highly recommended .
 This gave me a knew understanding of Padre Pio . I had heard his name many times but never knew his life . With this I know do . What a testiment of faith .
 If you want to know the life story of Padre Pio , this is a great way to go ! It kept our interest the whole way through !
 I did not understand the language and when I can put it on my larger television I will view the subtitles . The video came in great condition and I am looking forward to viewing it . I hope it got all the highlights of Father Pio 's life including the time when they were going to bomb Assissi and Father Pio 's face appeared to the pilots in the sky and they never bombed their target . Instead they turned and went back to where they were dispersed . He was fascinating , definately a healer , one who suffered like Christ and became aquainted with pain as well as compassion . Thank you , Margot Terry
 I 've also read the book , called Padre Pio
 I enjoyed this movie and I love Padre Pio and hope he is praying for me and everybody who reads this . I recommend the book `` Padre Pio
 Touching on key scenes of his life , ` Padre Pio , Miracle Man ' transports the viewer through the saint 's life . Nothing seems forced or stagnant . Sergio Castellitto is well-rounded and makes us forget that he 's only an actor . Showing his tenderness and temper , and his vulnerability to enemies domestic and supernatural , this affecting drama seldom loses its footing . The supporting cast keeps it real , too . The story is structured much like ` Amadeus ' . Pio tells his story/confession to a hardened cardinal , and we go back and forth from the aging saint to the portions retold of his life . Effective and absorbing .
 I was surprised to see that I could n't get enough of this movie and played it over and over . Thanks to all those involved who made this movie come to life . The actor who played Padre Pio looked so much like him .
 This is a really good movie . It 's divided in two DVD . It keeps your attention until the end . I 'd recommend for anyone who wants a first approach to Padre Pio 's history . It gives you the desire of start reading and searching about him . It 's spirituality is incredible . I would watch it again and again .
 Really a great film ! I bought this wanting to get to know more about Pio 's life and who he was and this DVD definitely delivers.It 's over 300 minutes long and every minute completely gripped me - no exaggeration . The acting is good and the main actor resembles Pio quite a bit.It is very well made and if you have any interest in the life of Padre Pio and who he was , or just simply want to get to know more about him , I would definitely recommend this movie . It is superb . 5 stars .
 truly beautiful film that captivates the audience . I have watched it several times over and still continue to be inspired by it . Truly a must have in the collection for those who love movies about Saints
 Phenomenal ! One of the best movies I 've ever seen . Second only to the Passion of the Christ . With optional subtitles makes this movie even more intense . It 's thrilling from beginning to end .
 This is the kind of movie I like watching more than once . I have a deep admiration for this man who was able to follow Christ ways in such a heroic way , the movie does a great job also showing the issues within the church which true saints are able to endure and still love it.Very accurate in biographical data , I have to warn you that the dubbing in English -LRB- it lacks the proper feeling which can lead you to think that the acting was poor -RRB- is poor , the spanish one si really good.The music is beatiful.It 's a work of art , highly reccomended , specially if you do n't understand what a saint is and what are the merits that make one.The acting is really good , specially considering Father Pio had a complicated italian personallity : - -RRB-
 I truly enjoyed this movie , but would have liked it to be a little more detailed . It seemed to jump from one scene to another too quickly . The acting was done very well and Sergio Castellitto , protrayed Padre Pio very much like himself . I have already watched it in its entirety about four times . And I still get emotional each time .
 Carlo Carlei has made a captivating and deeply spiritual film spanning the entire life of this towering 20th-century saint . I 've watched it several times now and find it more and more engrossing with each viewing . Sergio Castellitto 's performance is outstanding -- he reveals so much of Padre Pio 's spiritual depth , his very Southern Italian sense of humor and gruffness , his sensitivity , and above all his intense faith . His battles with Satan are chillingly portrayed , without a hint of any sort of psycho-spiritual mumbo jumbo as usually dominates Hollywood treatments of these subjects . The music and cinematography are first-rate . I recommend watching this film in Italian with English subtitles because the dubbed English is very distracting . This is an extremely fine film that goes a very long way toward revealing why Padre Pio is one of the most beloved and fascinating saints of all time . Very highly recommended .
 This movie on the life of St. Pio is excellent ! Even though St. Pio was known during his life time as a `` wonder-worker '' , and had many angelic and demonic encounters throughout his life , and even had apparitions of both Jesus and Mary , St. Pio was still a human being . This movie shows people the life of St. Pio from HIS human perspective . The viewer will see St. Pio crying after a woman dies before his eyes , asking `` Why does he -LSB- Satan -RSB- always win ? '' The viewer will see St. Pio get angry , laugh , love , and suffer.One of the most fascinating aspects of St. Pio 's thinking was his shame of being chosen by God to bear the stigmatic wounds of Jesus . One of his first responses to the sitgmatic wounds is , `` Why ? Why did God choose me ? '' . It is this shame that drives St. Pio to hide his stigmata . When the Pope grants permission to a -LRB- unbelieving -RRB- doctor to examine him , he responds , `` Are you hear to see the freak show ? Sorry , the circus is closed . '' I think this highlights St. Pio 's human character.Although St. Pio performed a multitude of miracles during his earthly life , these are not the focus of the film at all . This film shows a `` wonder-worker '' who thought if necessary to have a hospital built for the sick and suffering . This film shows a St. Pio who says , `` You ca n't always ask for miracles . '' In fact , although the movie shows St. Pio 's gift of prophecy and heart-reading , the only other miracles that the movie shows are the lives that were changed by St. Pio 's life of faith , hope , and love.Ultimately what this presentation of St. Pio 's life gives to us viewers is the lesson that Christians are themselves `` sacraments '' -LRB- i.e. , physical means through which God conveys His grace -RRB- , and that we can not expect our Christian lives to be overflowing with the supernatural . God works through our discipline , obedience , perseverance , prayer , and faith to spread His Kingdom .
 It 's somewhat inadequate to call this a movie ; at close to four hours in length it is more of an `` experience '' than most of the cinematographic fare we are used to . It is also more profound and spiritual than most typical fare . Yet it is truly a piece of art worth experiencing . This film is an adaptation of the life of one of our greatest contemporary saints . There was certainly some minor artistic license , but given what I have read about the life of Padre Pio , the writers and director stayed true to the biographical data . They honestly depicted his struggles , the depth of his relationship with God , and the impact Padre Pio had in the lives of all he encountered . In particular , I think the film does a masterful job of depicting the various crosses that Padre Pio was called to carry , his physical sufferings , as well and his spiritual ones . This movie beautiful portrays the life of this man who lived in total abandonment to God .
 A brilliant film by any standards ; has become one of my top ten films ever . Performances are stellar , and even flaws in the script become meaningless within the overall scope of both spirituality and an amazingly compelling and rich story . Castellitto can not be praised highly enough . This is not a film about Catholicism , quite the contrary , but about a man intrinsically surrendered to the sacred Spirit , to Truth and to Jesus on the most intimate level we can imagine . It is a profound meditation I watch over and over .
 I am a huge fan of Sergio Castellitto , and as a frequent visitor to Southern Italy I wanted to learn more about the life of Padre Pio . Although I am an atheist , I enjoyed this film very much , in much the same way that I enjoy visiting churches in Italy . A surprisingly good , interesting film , that grabbed my interest until it ended nearly four hours later ! I recommend this movie to anyone interested in Southern Italian culture .
 This is an amazing Catholic movie which portrays the entire life of the great Saint Padre Pio . It shows his humility , his struggles with the devil , and everything an orthodox Catholic and Christian would want out of a film . It does n't overlook the temporal problems of the Catholic Church such as the pride , jealousy , and vindictiveness of the powerful opponents of Padre Pio , but it portrays this not as if most of these opponents were evil , but simply that they did not understand , and even in Padre Pio 's words they were simply trying to protect the Church . The importance of the three religious vows of poverty , chastity , and obedience come to the forefront in this film in many ways . This movie has an amazing ending so it is worth watching until the end .
 If you are interested on finding an inspirational movie , you can hardly find any other production that can match this one . Definitively a must see film , especially if you are a Catholic . It describes the Holy Sacraments in a vivid way that can help you understand better the values the Church treasures .
 I noticed that some reviewers were offended by some of the liberties the filmmakers took with Padre Pio 's life compared to his written biographies . However , I do n't think the movie was disrespectful.Regarding the story with Cleonice Morcaldi , if it is true that he was accused of having close relationships with some of the women , then I think the way they treated this story was fair . It showed how it was possible for regular people to misconstrue their relationship , even though it was , in fact , an innocent relationship . The fact that the screenwriters showed Brunetto admitting to share the same affection as Morcaldi for Padre Pio created the sense that it was an innocent but overwhelming affection that crossed all people who met him ... and not `` as you would think '' , as Cleonice 's character responds.Another point that offends some of the reviewers is the movie 's portrayal of the Church as corrupt ... that even Satan is portrayed to be a Bishop . First of all , the devil is a deceiver , so maybe the choice to portray the devil as a holy man actually falls along that line . I 've read in other books that the devil appears to be handsome and attractive ... not like the demons portrayed in horror movies . As far as the Church being portrayed as corrupt , it is true that corruption has existed in the Church , even though it is the Church that will prevail . Just because man has been corrupt does not take away from the holiness of Christ 's Church which still stands 2000 years later.Overall , I understand the reviewers , especially those loyal to the books written about this extraordinary saint . However , I feel that watching this movie , which was beautifully shot and wonderfully acted , did not detract from my devotion to Padre Pio , and only encourages me to learn more about him . Perhaps it is no longer surprising to me that a movie , for dramatic effect , takes a few liberties and does not portray only the facts written in biographies . Like any translation , movies try to convey the core meaning , which may not be word-for-word . Other than perhaps a few factual discrepancies , the movie is very Catholic and reveals the beauty within this traditional religion , as well as the many gifts Padre Pio shared with his community and still shares with many who seek his intercession today .
 This movie about Padre Pio grabs you right from the start and does n't let go . Not only is there a lot of action in it , but oddly enough , this movie is an encredibly effective catalist for prayer . I 've watched it 3 times now ... and EVERY time I watch it , I am drawn into a state of prayer either during or directly following the movie ... GREAT !
 This video was FANTASTIC . It was over 31/2 hrs and I was rivited . It is a great story and pretty close to article I have read about Padre Pio . Would recommend this highly .
 Padre Pio is a very inspiring and accurate presentation of the sufferings this saint endured for the good of all those he was in contact with . He could read souls and help them to know what to confess before God and how to grow in sanctity . It is truly a pleasure to watch , and helps us realize the spiritual battle that we are all in on a daily basis .
 This movie is a very special movie , it has inpirated a lot of person to believe more in Gods love . Thaks for your prompt service .
 This movie is really spectacular ! I liked it from the beggining to the end . It 's a master piece , I strongly reccommend it .
 This was an incredible portrayal of the life of a very Holy Man and I would highly recommend this video . It really blessed me .
 This is one of the best films I have ever seen . Nothing else needs to be said , whoever watches it will understand .
 Beautifully filmed movie on the life of this very mysterious man . I really liked the actors in this film a lot . However , the film maker took some artistic liberty on re-telling the life of this saint -- not all of the events in the movie really took place . Some events portrayed were only symbolic , and not factual . However , it has still become one of my favorite movies . I loved it .
 I love this movie . It descripes padre pio life in great detail . This movie really taught me a lot .
 3.5 hours and I paused only ONCE for a bathroom break ! Absolutely riveting ! You would n't think as much for a movie about a poor child who set his mind at age 5 to become a priest , but I promise you , and I mean that ... Promise you , this is more than just someone 's life story . Pio faced a lot of persecution , even from his superiors , many of whom did not believe what was happening . He handled it with dignity , humor and grace . We should all learn from him ! Of note ; do n't use the English dubbing as it sounds like someone reading a dictionary with no thought to the story or it 's incredible content . Listen in Italian and read the subtitles . It is SO worth it ! Bless you !
 Having seen many saint films and documentaries , Padre Pio
 This is perhaps one of the delightful movies I 've ever seen . It is funny and heartwarming ! I would recommend it !!!
 A feel good movie ! Sydney Poitier is so charming in this role .
 Bought this DVD for my mom on Mother 's Day . She had mentioned wanting a copy.She loves it .
 Thank you for your prompt delivery of this product . Thanks I enjoyed it .
 This movie makes me so happy every time I watch it . I laugh , I cry , and it fills my heart with joy , especially when `` Schmidt '' teaches the nuns the `` Amen '' song . What an awesome film ! There has never been another movie that touches my heart like this one does .
 Saw this movie when it first came out . Loved it . It brought back many memories for me . Some sad and a lot good .
 This movie has n't lost a bit of it 's power with age ! It is timeless , and I can still remember the first time I saw it .
 I remember this movie from when I was a child . It was one of my moms favorite movies . The story is awesome .
 This Is Family Viewing That SAD To Say Is Almost Forgotten & NEVER REPLICATED NO MORE !!! A POIGNANT STORY. , & a VERY GOODE VIDEO for a Family Library or For Those Who WANT Something GREAT to View/Share With `` SPECIAL PEOPLE @ SPECIAL TYMES !!!!!!! `` I ALSO HIGHLY RECOMMEND. , `` To SIR With LOVE !!!! `` If Hollywood Kould Do It Like THIS AGAIN. , The WORLD WOULD Be a BETTER PLACE !!!!!!! Thank You !
 hardly ever see this movie on tv . . so i had to order . . love it a must see !! went see it at the old movie house with my school when i was a kid ... never forgotten it !!
 Arrived early and in excellent shape ! Was as described in the preview . Good service and will certainly use them again .
 Make a list of movies that are easy to watch , fun for the entire family , and leave you feeling better than before you watched them . This movie will be on your list .
 I had n't seen this movie in years and it was a refreshing event.The story centers around some German nuns who `` pray '' this man into helping them build a chapel for their place to worship after he merely stops to get water for his overheating car.Moved by a force one assumes to be Divine influence , he agrees reluctantly at first but soon finds that he sincerely appreciates the nuns ' faith and persistence . As the project progresses , more and more townspeople come out to help with this project.Sydney even teaches the nuns an old negro spiritual - Amen - and develops a true rapport with them in the process of learning them and helping them .
 From one in his mid-twenties
 What a wonderful actor is Sidney Poiter , he could play any part . The story of the building of that chapel was excellent and how he won the Nuns over , it is in my view one of the Noir classics and I am alover of those older movies , good heart felt actors an great story lines I could watch some of my collections over and over . I knew what the story was about before I bought it and when I saw it for sale I was very pleased . To anyone who thinks Sidney is a great actor will certainly enjoy this film . I also have Defiant Ones starring him and Tony Curtis -LRB- Excellent -RRB- and Guess Who , s Coming to Dinner . Another winner for him Sidney , Spencer Tracey and Katharine Heburn > Buy them all !
 Excellent family classic ! My dad is a big fan of Sidney Potier and enjoyed recieving this movie as a gift .
 This is an excellent movie with an inspiring message , and a happy ending . Great for the entire family .
 `` But Daddy where is the color ? '' I watched this movie the first time in 1963 , and being a guy I really was n't suposed to like it . I was 16 at the time and it was the first time that I have seen Sidney Poitier or any black actor in a serious role . Plus this was in Europe . We had no idea about the segregation in the USA . In the mean time whenever I feel a bit in the dump I look at this movie again . Anyway I got 2 teenagers girls 12 and boy 17 and this movie got them away from MTV and the cartoon channel and afterwards they where singing `` Amen '' making up there own bible verse lyrik along the way . Excellent acting and still capturing Generations
 It 's a wonderfull film but not on DVD . Please send my a e-mail how I become this film on DVD . Thank ` s Amazon
 `` Lilies of the Field '' is a great movie . Even though it 's in black and white , this movie puts the viewer right in the action . If you 've attended Catholic school , you can really identify with the toughness of the German nuns . All characters are believable , and the acting is first rate . I heartily recommend this movie to anyone .
 `` Lilies of the Field '' was a great movie when first released . It is still as good as I remembered . Sidney Poiter deserved the Oscar that he received .
 I 've read some of the other reviews for this movie , both pros and cons . I think people really need to take this movie for what it is , rather than what it could -LRB- or should -RRB- be.This was Poiter 's breakout role . He had appeared in smaller roles leading up to this , and he was a very likable personality . I truly believe he won the Academy Award for Best Actor because people really responded to this newly arrived negro actor ; whose character , personality and creativity were a refreshing break from the status quo.Also , the movie was made on a shoestring budget of just $ 240,000 , which was a lot of money almost 50 years ago , but was still small potatoes compared to the average film . It had an `` indie '' feel to it , was a simple movie about faith , -LRB- which really appealed to people back then and now . -RRB- It was the dark horse nomination , because of its stature , subject matter , and main characters , but it was so warmly received at the time , it really overcame a lot of established attitudes . It was the kind of movie people really loved to love.Poiter plays something of a `` magic negro '' in this picture . You 'll have to read up on that term , but it basically a black man who is completely non-threatening to whites , is always altruistic and trustable , and basically sacrifices himself for the good of the cause . There are a long list of movies with this character , and they are not bad movies at all . I appeals strongly to the white psyche , and makes black people more accessible . Poiter delivers this like a charm , and it won him the award.The movie itself was nominated for Best Picture , which is amazing when you consider the budget and production values . Like I said , its a movie people love to love . Its simple , engaging , tremendously charming , and appeals to all people on many levels . Its the kind of movie that is universally appealing.I think I watched it on TV when I was about 5 or 6 , and I remember crying at the end . I found it very touching and cathartic when Homer signs his name at the top of the chapel . And of course , the uplifting and iconic `` Amen '' song , which transcends the movie itself and creates a persona of its own , -LRB- like the whistling tune from Bridge Over the River Kwai . -RRB- You ca n't help hum and sing along , as it stays with you for days ; reminding you of the touching themes of the movie.Probably the strongest element of the movie , and often overlooked , is the very thematic and well-arranged musical score by Jerry Goldsmith , -LRB- same composer of the Waltons and dozens of other theme songs . -RRB- He was a master of this genre , and this was one of this best . The score was well applied , and helped the movie achieve its emotional goals.Its one of those `` special movies '' that achieves an emotional space few movies attain . Its what most people get involved with motion pictures for . It totally stands on its own , and has a very sincere honesty and homeyness that is totally endearing and acceptable . Like a good friend.Lilies of the Field still makes me cry . -LRB- And I do n't totally know why . -RRB-
 I first saw this movie when I was school age . Now I 've seen it again in my fifties and understand it 's historical significance , I was truly blown away by how well it has held up artistically as a brilliant well paced screenplay -LRB- based on novel -RRB- with first class acting by all the main characters . Sidney Poitier was truly the `` Jackie Robinson '' of Hollywood , being the first black man to win a major movie award for his starring role in this film.I collect classic films and this one is definitely one of my favorites .
 This is one of my favorite films of all time , and I think the whole cast does a wonderful job of carrying the movie . It is the story of a group of German speaking nuns who need a miracle in order to build a church in a poor , desert town . The miracle comes in the form of an itinerant jack of all trades played by Poitier , whose faith is a little shabby around the edges . There is a lot of humor as the Mother Superior resorts to a little manipulation in order to see the church completed . Both Scala 's character and Poitier 's learn that they both needed to rely more on faith , and less on their own power . This is a movie for the whole family I think . It does deal with some issues on prejudice , and Poitier 's character gets drunk at one point , but the Mother Superior sees that he does not enjoy the latter experience much . As for the way it dealt with prejudice , I thought it was well done for the time .
 One of my favorite movies . Would also highly reccommend another of Sidney 's movies `` Simple Life of Noah Dearborn '' which almost seems like a sequel to lilies of the field .
 This was a wondeful process . I would buy from Amazon again and again . It is especially great for the older hard to find movies.If anyone knows how to find the movie Madame X with Lana Turner and John Forsyth let me know . I have n't been able to find it anywhere . Thanks again
 Digital viewing of a great movie was added to my library .
 This film teaches with an almost mythic universality . Into the Arizona desert come exiles from disparate places
 This is a great movie in general and especially for any Catholic family . It is very entertaining with great acting from Sidney Poitier , as would be expected . But it is especially significant for Catholics . It shows us how God calls us to certain tasks in life . We can choose to disobey His Will , or we can choose to follow it . But if we choose to follow it , we should not expect thank you 's , rewards , money , or even any recognition . The character played by Poitier is not treated well by the nuns at all , and yet he decides to accomplish what he was asked to do . Not that the nuns are portrayed badly , they are wonderful , pious sisters who humbly serve God and want the best for everyone , but are also determined and head strong
 Sidney Poitier plays Homer Smith , a construction working looking for work , in this endearing film . He stops to water his overheated car at a nun operated small farm . Unbeknownst to him , the mother superior -LRB- Lilia Skala -RRB- sees in him an answer to her prayer in the building of a much needed church . Helping them out of with various odd jobs , he discovers this out . He is at first unwilling to even get involved . . all he wants is to get payed for the odd jobs and move on to better paying work . With few materials and fewer means to pay , this project appears impossible . Unwittingly he becomes their contractor and later realizes that this project can be accomplished . This simple film carries the message that faith and prayer really can move mountians.This Oscar winning performance by Sidney Poitier is well worth adding to any movie collection . The closing scene , as he and the nuns sing ` Amen ' for the last time , remains a nice movie memory .
 Magnificent film . Poitier is phenominal ! A must see .
 I bought this for my best friend because he said it was the best movie of all times . He loved it as a gift !
 This is one of those movies every movie buff should see at least once . This is a feel good movie to watch when you feel life is being too tough on you . I always liked this movie , but it is surprisingly realistic since I met Helga , a 79yo Berliner visiting the States . Mother Superior is NO caricature , they really do come that way .
 I found this very charming , warming and smooth . Sidney Poitier , ever a smooth , graceful , dexterous and theatrical performer is wonderful here , expressing his physical and emotional range in a simply told , moral film that seems even older then it really is.Words like heartfelt , sweet , winning , wholesome and uplifting come to mind.This has a classic status by it 's very quick beginnings , short credits , small cast , hokey but honest incidents , mild subtext , minimal edits , straight forward direction , energetic , verbal and larger than life acting , terrific music from Jerry Goldsmith and peaceful and nice conclusion .
 This is a great little flim , flawed -- ie some of the acting may no be the best as others have pointed out -- but still it redeems itself somehow . I remember seeing this film as a child with my parents and it will always hold a special place in my heart .
 If you are looking for a good introduction to the masterful actor , Sidney Poitier , I truly reccomend that you watch LILIES OF THE FIELD . What distinguishes Poitier from other actors that I have seen is the way in which he embodies the characters he brings to the screen . Poitier has the grace of a dancer and the presence of a prize fighter . His combination of charisma and realism in the role of Homer Smith absolutely grabs your attention and you ca n't help but watch him.Smith is an unemployed man , who is highly skilled with his hands and willing to take on odd jobs to make his way out of a small town in the Southwest . By a strange twist of fate , he encounters an Eastern European nun , Mother Superior Maria -LRB- Lilia Skala -RRB- , who has prayed to God that she be brought someone to build a chapel for the large immigrant population in her parish . -LRB- They are holding worship services literally in the middle of the desert , with not church in sight . -RRB- Every time Homer tries to leave , -LRB- seemingly -RRB- a higher power keeps bringing him back to Maria and the other sisters -LRB- who speak few words of English -RRB- . Not only is this film a great examination of faith and the power of prayer , but it also is a great examination of racial and cultural relations in 1960s United States , through the eyes of immigrants and an outsider . This film is intelligent , without being preachy . It will even make you smile .
 I ca n't get enough of Mr. Poitier . It ' was great that he won Best Actor on this film playing Homer Smith , who is an out-of-work construction worker that helps a group of foreign -LRB- East European -RRB- Catholic nuns build their church and learn to speak English . Lilia Skala was great too . She earned her only Academy Award nomination -LRB- Supporting Actress -RRB- playing the head Mother Superior Maria . There are a lot of wonderful touching moments and funny interactions between these two main characters that will have you glued to the set.Sidney Poitier is masterful in this role and is greatly remembered for it . His subtle humor fills the plot , even becoming hilarious at times . In one scene Homer is teaching the German nuns English , and he can not help himself from modeling for them some Southern black dialect
 If you are looking for a good introduction to the masterful actor , Sidney Poitier , I truly reccomend that you watch LILIES OF THE FIELD . What distinguishes Poitier from other actors that I have seen is the way in which he embodies the characters he brings to the screen . Poitier has the grace of a dancer and the presence of a prize fighter . His combination of charisma and realism in the role of Homer Smith absolutely grabs your attention and you ca n't help but watch him.Smith is an unemployed man , who is highly skilled with his hands and willing to take on odd jobs to make his way out of a small town in the Southwest . By a strange twist of fate , he encounters an Eastern European nun , Mother Superior Maria -LRB- Lilia Skala -RRB- , who has prayed to God that she be brought someone to build a chapel for the large immigrant population in her parish . -LRB- They are holding worship services literally in the middle of the desert , with not church in sight . -RRB- Every time Homer tries to leave , -LRB- seemingly -RRB- a higher power keeps bringing him back to Maria and the other sisters -LRB- who speak few words of English -RRB- . Not only is this film a great examination of faith and the power of prayer , but it also is a great examination of racial and cultural relations in 1960s United States , through the eyes of immigrants and an outsider . This film is intelligent , without being preachy . It will even make you smile .
 The movie that won Sidney Poitier an Oscar , the first ever Best Actor nod for an African-American , this film is a wonderful little story . Not much action , but very heartwarming .
 Few films age as well as `` Lilies of the Field '' . I saw it just recently for the first time in over 40 years and to my surprise it has lost none of its charm . It is just as light-hearted , humourous and relevant as I remembered it to be . Themes of racial harmony , brotherhood , community involvement and an honest day 's work are still admirable values worth reminding us to practice.Sidney Poitier is the star here . And shine he does . His verbal sparring with Mother Maria -LRB- Lilia Skala -RRB- is brilliantly acted and memorable . He deservedly won an Oscar for his performance as the itinerant jack-of-all-trades Homer Smith . Lilia Skala 's acting is stellar too as the strong-willed nun whose faith and perseverance convinces Homer Smith and others to build a chapel.The DVD itself is okay . Picture quality of this 1963 B&W ; film is superb . Subtitles are in Spanish and French . The original trailer is a nice addition too.Overall , `` Lilies of the Field '' is a wonderful film for the entire family . It really does n't matter what cultural or religious background you come from or what age group you fit in . My father was a German-American kid taught by Catholic nuns who had fled Nazi Germany , and I suppose there was a shared similarity with the East European nuns depicted in this film when he watched it . My wife is Malaysian , yet she thoroughly enjoyed this film . All of which just goes to show its message is universal and ageless.Get the movie . Read the novellaThe Lilies of the Field By William E. Barrett . Both are a delight .
 The story makes you ready to help any one in need . And the songs are great .
 The reason for that is simply because this movie is great . It 's simple . Simply great . It 's an all around nice movie , unlike so many ridiculous , time and money wasters being vomited from Hollywood these days.If you just do n't want to slog through another `` HIT SUMMER BLOCKBUSTER OF THE YEAR !!! '' , then this is the one for you !
 I have a soft spot for `` Lilies of the Field . '' One of my favorite teachers first introduced me to this movie . I 'll try -LRB- and probably fail -RRB- to be objective in my review.First , and most obviously , Sidney Poitier is amazing as Homer Smith . Homer is a little larger than life . Yet Poitier brings him off as not only believable , he turns Homer into an everyman of sorts.Beyond Poitier things get a little shaky.Lilia Skala is impressive indeed as the mother superior . Her harsh seeming exterior conceals a tender heart . The dignity she uses to deal with Smith 's first leaving and return is truly endearing.That said , the other nuns and many of the villagers come off a little too cardboard-cut-outish for my taste . There is also some pretty `` sixties '' acting -LRB- where you can visibly see the actor acting -RRB- . Luckily , these flaws are easily overcome by the immense heart of this film.At its core , Lilies of the Field is about resurrection and unexpected fulfillment . Coming together under the guidance of an unseen hand -LRB- `` he build the chapel '' -RRB- , disparate people find more to life than what had seemed to be there before . The scene with the Priest at the end still gets me after seeing it more than a few times.I give `` Lilies of the Field '' my heartfelt recommendation .
 If you overload on frustration or anger and want to delete it , then go watch this film . It will take the load off you and give you some hope and peace in its place . All that I can say is that mere words fail me in praising this film !
 I found Lilies of the Field to be one of the most powerful and inspiring movies I have ever experienced . It is a story about growth , sacrifice , faith , and the power of human beings to occasionally work a small miracle or two.A group of German nuns believe that a black , baptist drifter has been sent to build a chapel for their remote , Mexican-American community in Arizona . He disagrees , but ca n't seem to bring himself to move on ; and so the fun begins.Yes , this is a serious story , but the movie is full of joy , good humor , and surprises . Although faith is an important part of the movie , it is not forced down your throat . Sidney Poitier is wonderful as the happy go lucky Homer Smith , and Lilia Skala is a delightfully tough Mother Superior . There are no car chases , guns , fights , romances , or scantily clad women This is just a great story that happens to be superbly performed . I recommend it most highly !
 Simple , uncluttered , charming - sadly , this film could not be made today simply because the mentality of so many Hollywood studios is steeped in formulaic storytelling
 Sidney Poitier was already a star when this film came around . But what this film did is prove that he was a great actor . This film has no flash or technical sophistication . This is a film with a simple , direct and compelling story of faith and good deed.Homer Smith is a casual laborer who stops to help out a small convent and winds up building a chapel.Poitier plays homer with humanity . Lilia Skala plays the reverend mother who uses her faith and iron will to get Homer to build the chapel.This is a movie of pure emotion and extreme heart . If this film does not give the feel goods , nothing will .
 I am still amazed every time I sit down to watch this film . I have never been able to find a single minute in the movie that is not enthralling . Every aspect is just perfect . The B & W cinematography is excellent , the acting and characterizations are perfect -LRB- Poitier won an Oscar for his role as a skeptical but proud man -RRB- , and the dialogue is witty and amusing . And of course anyone who has seen this film remembers the `` Amen '' scenes . If you have n't seen the film , just imagine a bunch of German nuns singing a `` down-home '' gospel song , lead by Sidney Poitier . Speaking of music , Jerry Goldsmith 's score is one of the more memorable in film history . The style fits the style of the whole film like a glove.Enough said . I think you know my opinion on whether you should get this .
 In 1962 Sidney Poitier won the Academy Award for Best Actor for director Ralph Nelson 's LILIES OF THE FIELD . Poitier played the handyman stranger , Homer Smith , who helps build a chapel for German-speaking nuns in the American southwest . Poitier played a man of dignity and purpose that is pitted in a friendly but feisty test of wills between him and Mother Maria , leader of the nuns , played by Lilia Skala . This is a wonderful film that explores the idea that one should never underestimate the divine tools that we are given and that sharing those tools can be both rewarding and gratifying . Jerry Goldsmith composed a moving and uplifting score combining both idioms of Americana and Gospel . Sidney Poitier is perfect as Homer Smith . After feasting on a single fried egg from the nuns each morning Poitier 's description of the breakfast he orders from Stanley Adams in the diner is a gastronomic mouthwatering delight . It 's one of the best and most amusing scenes in the movie and demonstrates Poitier 's versatile appeal .
 Let me start this off with one irreversible fact
 Most of the other reviews have already stated what is well known to anyone who has ever seen this movie . It is an absolute joy to watch , and seeing it is always an uplifting experience . Some of the so-called professional movie reviewers suggest that Lilies of the Field is simplistic - but it most certainly is not . It has a raft of themes relating to conviction , determination , belief , community and , above all , having a higher sense of purpose in life . It is beautifully filmed in black and white and , of course , features outstanding performances from Sidney Poitier , Lilia Skala and Stanley Adams . Movies like this , made on a very small budget , make you realize the incredible void in talent and imagination that currently exists in the modern movie industry - talent seems to have given way to special effects and high tech gimmicks . The other feature of Lilies of the Field is that it is a positive movie that does n't indulge in the negativity of the current plethora of big budget movies that are around . If you have n't seen Lilies of the Field before , it is a must-see movie .
 The film that made Sidney Poitier the first African-American MALE to win an acting Oscar is one of the best character-driven movies of all time . Poitier is magnificent as an itinerent handyman that becomes the `` savior '' to a quintet of nuns that are attempting to build a chapel in the American southwest.Poitier was not the only one deserving of an Oscar for this film , though . In every scene in which she appears , veteran actress Lila Skala is a delight , balancing her stern demeanor with a hidden fondness for Poiter 's `` Homer Smith '' . Character actor Stanley Adams deserved a supporting actor nod for his brilliance as a Hispanic cafe owner that delivers one of the film 's best lines.And the remarkable score from a young Jerry Goldsmith is a treat for the ears . Goldsmith effectively interpolates Jester Hairston 's classic gospel tune `` Amen '' throughout the film in some intriguing ways.The combination of great performances , outstanding cinematography , and an outstanding score make this `` field of lilies '' bloom to the highest .
 Still a great old story . Would have been better if the DVD versions came with some history and documentation on the making of the film , as others do .
 Good copy , fast delivery and good communication . Fast and easy way of getting your videos without having to drive everywhere to search for it .
 I love Sidney he is a great actor . I have watch this about 12 times since i got it .
 What can I say other than you have to love Sidney Poiter . As always an outstanding and enjoyable movie to watch . I am so pleased to have many of his movies . And having this one in my collection is great . My daughter and I could watch him all day he is truly great in every roll he plays .
 From a Christian standpoint , this is one of the best movies you can own . I always put it down as my favorite ! Sidney Poiter is one of the best actors of that time . Its a great family film ! It makes you feel good through the whole movie !
 I purchased this for my brother , a couple of Christmases ago . I decided to borrow it and watch it to see why he wanted it . WOW !! I was blown away ! This movie was fantastic , clever and funny ! I never would 've thought it ! Poiter was on point and the nuns had me rolling ! Oh , he was gon na build that chapel !! LOL
 Would buy again from this seller . Item arrived quickly , and in condition described.Thanks so much !
 I remember this film when I was younger and it was unobtainable in Australia . It was a enjoyable ` feel good ' film , especially on a lazy Sunday afternoon .
 Sidney Poitier plays Homer Smith , a wandering handyman , who , while travelling through Arizona , runs into a group of very impoverished nuns . He stops at their delapidated farm house to fix a leaky roof . To his great surprise , the Mother Superior does not have any money to pay him for his work ; she , also , to his astonishment , wants him to build them a chapel for free too . Needless to say , Homer is flabbergasted and hesitates , at first , to begin the work ; yet , he single-handedly begins erecting the chapel knowing full well that he will not receive any money . What spurrs him on is the thought that when the work is completed he will leave this woebegone desert town a better place than when he found it .
 I have enjoyed this movie on TV several times and decided I wanted to have it so I can watch it anytime I wanted .
 Gave this a gift to someone who was eager to have it and it was greatly appreciated !! It will be treasured I am sure and enjoyed .
 I saw this move in the 70 's and have always loved this movie.Truly a must see classic film for the whole family .
 bought this for my mother . its one of her favorite movies . wanted to update her collection ... -LRB- VHS ... old school ! -RRB- . but yeah the dvd came on time in mail and was brand new . clear plastic around dvd case . no complaints A + rating .
 We watched this again recently and it is a true classic ! Inspiring yet down-to-earth , too . It shows how high we can reach but also how our own egos can hold us back . Watch thios and you will be singing `` Amen ! ''
 Lilies of the Field is a 1963 black-and-white film directed by Ralph Nelson . It stars Sidney Poitier in an Academy-winning role as a young man named Homer Smith who lives in his car and befriends a group of German immigrant nuns on the way . The mother superior believes God has sent Homer to help them build a chapel . Homer reluctantly agrees on the condition she pays him for his services . When it becomes clear to him , they are penniless and have as much power of paying him as sending him to the moon he disappears , leaving the chapel half finished . However , he returns in a week to honor his word and do all he agreed to do out of the goodness of his heart.Sidney Poitier pulls off Homer 's strengths and weaknesses well and brings a considerable amount of warmth and charm to the role . Lilia Skala also gives a great performance as the Mother Abbess and her interviews with Poitier are among the film 's finest moments.James Poe 's screenplay does an excellent job exploring the motivations of the characters in a short and snappy but sufficient manner . No guns , no cowboys and Indians , no romance , no sci-fi creatures ; just good decent ordinary people and the clash of strong personalities.Four Stars
 I saw this moive when I was a young man and never had forgot how a low budget movie could be great . The excellent acting skills of Sidney Potier makes this movie a classic .
 While ill several weeks ago , this film aired on a local station . It was Sidney Poitier , and in black and white , so I thought I 'd give it a shot ! I have n't sat still to watch a movie aired on TV in ages ! This is another one of those great movies from an era gone too soon , that allows us to piece together an opinion of what 's happening instead of telling us what to think ! I just love the interaction between Smith and the main nun/missionary ; he 's adamant he wo n't do a certain thing , only to be compelled by her monotone stubbornness.The scene in which he gives them an English lesson was one of the finest examples of characters playing off one another . The nuns/missionaries and Smith could n't have possibly been more different , but here he was teaching them , and they caught on rather quickly!Today , storytelling like this is limited to the so-called Oscar season , and often wasted on films with great concepts but incredibly horrible promotion -LRB- not saying the English Patient would 've topped the box office , but you get my point -RRB- . It is my endeavour to get my children exposed to classic films early , since today 's modern films are high on flash , but often lacking in substance -LRB- you know that sinking feeling you get when you re-watch a modern movie , only to realize you only like maybe 20 minutes of the film -RRB- .
 One of the nicest movies I 've seen . A story to warm your heart . Finally have my own copy in order to view it often along with my other old time favorites - Love is a Many Splendered Thing , Magnificent Obsession and others .
 Sidney Poiter is one of my favorite actors . He is not only smart and talented but also embodies a sense of decency no matter what character he 's playing . In this , he is like few other actors . -LRB- Gregory Peck and , to a lesser degree , Robert Redford come to mind . -RRB- He has enormous charisma even in some of his later , less satisfying movies . It is not an accident , corny as it may sound , that I was inspired as a boy to even consider teaching by his turn in `` To Sir , with Love '' ; I 've long since moved on from any such idealistic notions , but Poitier made teaching an even nobler calling than it is . I was surprised that I 'd not seen `` Lilies of the Field '' until recently , both because it is one of my mother 's favorite movies and because it got him a well-deserved Academy Award . -LRB- I 'm also surprised that it was directed by Ralph Nelson , whose eclectic body of works includes the uber-violent `` Soldier Blue '' a few years later . -RRB- The story is sweet and grounded in reality . A handyman drifter encounters a group of destitute , mostly German nuns who through a combination of beguilement and determination get him to build them a chapel . For most of the film , Poitier 's Homer Smith butts heads with Mother Maria Mathe -LRB- Lilia Skala -RRB- , whom at one point he compares to Hitler . She is tough-as-nails , and in one particularly charming scene , out Bibles the Baptist Smith in a contest of using scripture to find a way to not have to pay him . Smith , or Schmidt , as the nuns call him , ultimately and not surprisingly comes around to their way of thinking . Based on a novel by William Edmund Barrett , `` Lilies of the Field '' is sentimental without being treacly , succeeding more because it is honest than because of anything manipulative . It does n't ram religion down anyone 's throat , and yet makes believing in something more meaningful than petty self interest as natural an expression of human experience as eating and breathing . Even Jerry Goldsmith 's modest score , including the hymn `` Amen , '' never overshadows the sincerity of the emotions . The movie may seem quaint in this age of mega churches and assembly-line tithing and salvation , but , its dramatic qualities notwithstanding , `` Lilies of the Field '' says more about the spirit of what it preaches than a thousand fire and brimstone types resorting to telling rather than showing , or , perhaps , pontificating rather than living .
 Lilies of the Field is a true classic . The acting is flawless , and the story-line is so well written that you are instantly hooked . Movies today lack this kind of straight-forward message , simple production , and passion . Without all of the special effects , and slick production . Lilies of the Field graps your heart , and speaks to a basic need in all of us . No agendas , or political garbage . Just great writing and acting . The last scene of this movies is my all time favorite ending , as Homer Smith admires the chapel , and then drives off , heading west . You just want to follow him to see where he ends up .
 When I was in high school an english teacher made us watch this movie . Instead of writing a story -LRB- like I did through most movies -RRB- I was glued to the TV and could not wait to finish it the next day . It was that powerful of a movie , and that is where I learn who Sidney Poitier was . This is the movie that indroduced me to what film making was , and how I learn to appreciate film making as an art ! This movie lacks everything that Hollywood thinks will make a great movie -- no swearing , violence , or nudity ! It was just a well laid story , with outstanding actors , superb cinematography , and the best directed in a movie to date ! Basically what I am saying is that this is the best movie out there and it is my fovorite . Should you see this ? Yes , and watch with your family -LRB- parents , children , brothers and sister , spouse , or even a close friend -RRB- . This is the best movie yet made .
 Although I have n't watched this movie in a while , it is a true `` gather the family around '' classic . I bought it for my father last Christmas , because he always spoke about how much he had enjoyed it when it first came out . This is a film for all generations and ethnic groups -- timeless ! Amen , Amen , Amen .
 I just watched this film for the first time and it was amazing . I did not rent it for the back cover paragraph , but for the cover . I loved Sydney Poitier in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner and so i decided to get Lillies of the Field . In the back of my head was the biblical allusion but that also paid very little heed in my decision.On a very relaxing Sunday afternoon when I was not much into the mood to concentrate on a movie , this film drew me in . At the begining I was putting , juggling golf balls , and sorting magazines but soon all activities lost all point as the awe inspiring story progressed onward . By the end , I was in tears and felt better about the world . That is the markings of a good film .
 One of only a handful of perfect movies . Sidney Poitier as Homer Smith gives a life-sustaining performance that will last forever . Director Ralph Nelson 's vision brings to mind O'Keeffe 's paintings and Martha Graham 's ecstatic American ballets , so beautifully directed is this piece . Every inch of film pays homage to the great American desert . A constant visual starkness makes the rich , inviting heart of the film only riper and wiser than it otherwise would be . Frame by frame , with prodigal ease , Lilies of the Field offers nothing less than the full blown promise of everything American cinema could have become since 1963 , but which , with few exceptions , failed to materialize , corporate fantasies supplanting cinematic art . The notable lineage of the great independent films can be traced to this one masterpiece , and to this day every actor can only raise his or her own art by watching Poitier incarnate Homer Smith with a jewelsmith 's love and attention that can unstop your heart . You can watch this movie a hundred times and be only glad . Its hope is ineradicable , and its truth unnegotiable . You need to own a copy . DVD transfer quality is exceptional throughout .
 It 's real simple . If you have n't seen this movie , IT IS A MUST SEE ! While it is now 40 years old , it 's age does not detract in the least . It 's about man 's relationship with himself , with others , and his understanding of a greater purpose in life . If I were trying to make a good impression on an alien from another planet - with respect to humanity - I would show him this movie .
 A great movie . I do n't understand why they do n't show it more often . Sidney Poitier 's character in this movie harkens back to his performance in `` To Sir with Love . '' Also gives a nostalgic look at the American West . If you do n't buy this excellent movie , make sure to rent it sometime . You 'll enjoy it !
 This movie is a true classic that has endured the test of time . Great performances by all , Sydney Poiter is amazing in his role as a construction/handyman who meets up with a group of German who want him to `` build them a shapel -LRB- chapel -RRB- '' . An inspiring testimony to the power of prayer -LRB- and a little hard work -RRB- . A true must see for all ages !
 A wonderful storyline replete with contrasts always merging differences in a heartwarming style that makes this movie one of the finest movies that I have seen . The black and white format adds significantly to the charm and character of the movie . Sidney Portier is certainly one of the finest actors to have appeared on the big screen . A wonderful story , well acted , and leaves a heartfelt desire to see it again .
 In our home , on Sundays , regular television broadcasting is entirely avoided , as well as most secular movies . We generally watch only what we call `` scripture movies '' -- those specifically designed to support gospel teaching . `` Lilies of the Field '' , while secular does indeed support gospel principles in a wonderfully subtle , simple , yet poignant and entertaining way . The film encourages serving others , recognizing that our Heavenly Father loves all of us equally despite our differences of race , religion , etc. , that we are all blessed with gifts which He intends for us to use to serve His purposes and in so doing serve our `` neighbor '' . Sidney Portier 's Oscar-winning performance is spectacular . But when has it not been ? You finish watching this film and want to go out and perform some unselfish service for someone with as much grace , care and good humor as `` Schmidt '' . Yes , initially , Homer would have liked to have been paid . As it turns out he was , just not in cash . He gained the view of himself as being of much greater worth than `` mammon '' and a peaceful release of a self-sabotaging pride in the of realization of at least one of his dreams . For once the chapel is complete , he carves his name in so obscure a place that no one else is ever likely to see it and give him credit for the building . But that 's okay with Homer now , HE KNOWS that he may truly call himself contractor , engineer and Master Craftsman.Not only is this movie delightful for its life lessons , but for its ability to appeal to anyone , hopefully , everyone . I have three sons , ten and under . All of them are as in love with video games and gratuitously , action-packed films as any other boys I know . Still , whenever the boys have a Monday off from school -LRB- `` Lilies ... '' is feature length unlike `` scripture movies '' , so they are allowed to stay up late enough to watch it -RRB- , the Sunday viewing line up WILL , invariably , include `` Lilies of the Field '' -- THEIR choice . Indeed , my oldest claims it as one of his favorites , right up there with Star Wars films . It makes me happy since it is of such high quality and has been one of my favorites since childhood , too.The HOPE I mention in my subject line refers to this film 's managing to retain a full dose of it , notwithstanding the tests of time , the scarcity of respectable , humble male African American characters in film , plummeting values and standards in all forms of entertainment , fluctuating race/nation relations and the increasing frenzy to acquire money and things by any means -- good or evil -- necessary.We watch this film on DVD and the quality is perfectly sufficient .
 For some reason , it took me a long time before viewing this film , and I 'm glad I finally did . Having it on DVD helped . It 's simply a nice story
 `` Lilies of the Field '' is a masterpiece . Sidney Poitier stars as a returned WWII veteran in a remote part of Arizona . Unexpectedly , a group of nuns give him help -- at a price . They want him to build a chapel . There 's much fun arguing between Sidney and the Mother Superior . It 's at once entertaining and inspiring . `` Lilies of the Field '' is about racial and religious reconciliation . Catholics , Protestants , blacks , Hispanics and whites join together to build a beautiful chapel , a spiritual oasis in the desert . It 's a true classic .
 Sidney Poitier gives a great performance as a man traveling about the country picking up odd jobs to survive . His chance meeting with a group of nuns and the story that follows is charming , funny and well worth the watching . I enjoyed this movie years ago and enjoyed it just as much more recently . Good story , good actors and worth viewing .
 I love the whole movie , but one scene in particular , when Poitier as Homer Smith , starving because the poor Sisters have been unable to provide him with decent meals during his week of working for them , goes into the local cafe and orders a huge Sunday breakfast .
 This wonderful vintage movie has been part of my heritage `` forever '' . Recently I encountered a person quite important to me who did n't realized that the `` Amen '' song , which has become a staple of celebration in the various communities of faith that I belong to , had been popularized by this film . Therefore I purchased the DVD to give it to him , and hope that it will become as enjoyable for him as it always was for me .
 This DVD arrived in a timely fashion . Sidney Poitier is an all time favorite actor of mine ; I will enjoy having this DVD in my collection .
 Love this movie ! Ever since I was a child -- it talks of behavior , faith , work ethic , community and society . Would have loved some extras , though . Like an interview with Mr. Poitier on his memories in making the movie
 This is a classic , great movie . It 's one that is watchable on a repeat basis . Low key but very meaningful . The movie is in black and white but that actually seems to add to it in the same way that the H. Bogart movies ` Casablanca ' and ` Sahara ' effectively use that medium.The price is right . It 's a keeper . Buy it and sit back and enjoy a great performance .
 This is the film that made me a Sidney Poitier fan . Yes , it 's touching , and has life 's lessons that can be learned , both for him and the nuns , but it is also funny . You ca n't miss adding this one to your collection . I have it in mine and plan on adding some more of his .
 This is a wonderfully entertaining film . Sidney Poitier is charming anddelightful as Homer Smith . Homer experiences car trouble on a desert road . He receives assistance from a group of nuns in a nearby retreat.He obliges by doing chores for the nuns . The superior nun persuades himto build them a chapel . Homer is at first reluctant , but soon the projectbecomes as important to him as it is to the nuns . Poitier received a well-deserved Oscar for his role . Lilia Skala was nominated for BestSupporting Actress as the leader of the nuns . A spiritually feel-goodfilm . Excellent . -LRB- 4 stars out of 5 -RRB-
 I had never heard of this movie until I saw it on PBS this past year . I fell in love with it immediately.I do n't buy a lot of movies . I am rather picky about those that I will buy . It would have to touch my heart in some way , or make me laugh like nobody 's business for me to even consider it . This movie really touched my heart .
 A simple basic feel good film . Low budget non-glitzy gem . Bravo !
 Some German nuns ask a man to help them to build a church - and this for free . Quite funny this extraordinary story . Should and can be seen by everybody since it is of a good and normal moral standard .
 There is n't much more to say about it . It 's a simple movie , to the point . Simple but great .
 I enjoyed this movie because it was a movie that was positive . It left me with a feeling of happiness and contentment . If anyone has a copy of Christmas Lillies of the Field with Billy Dee Williams I would be interested in obtaining a copy .
 A really uplifting movie & really funny too . A great family film . Fabulous well rounded characters , great plot . My family loves this film .
 I have always liked this movie ever since I first sawit in the '60s . I have purchased it to show to our monthly Classic Movie Group
 If you believe in divine intervention when it 's sorely needed , and if you believe that the heart speaks to us all constantly , whispering , and if you believe that we 're all here for an intelligent , valid reason , see this movie . Sidney Poitier 's Oscar was well-deserved , and he thanked the author , William J. Barrett , who also wrote The Left Hand of God .
 If sydney Poitier is in a movie you can be sure it will be a good one and this one is very good .
 Although highly regarded in its day , `` Lilies of the Field '' is now considered a relic of the civil rights era or Hollywood 's token Oscar `` gesture '' to a Black performer . This is unfortunate , since it underrates both the film and Poitier 's textured performance . `` Lilies ... '' is a simple , funny and touching story that emphasizes respect for the differences in people . Lilia Skala gives a powerhouse performance as the Mother Superior , almost stealing the film from Poitier . She gives just the right measures of rage and prideful determination to make her character sadly noble . Hers is one of the most memorable supporting performances on film , and she deserved an Oscar as well . But this is Poitier 's show , and he gives the character of Homer humor , rebeliousness and magnanimity that make him unique in films . Rather than the usual angry political stance Hollywood takes with anything involving race , this character is presented as simple , decent , a little lost , but just an average man doing the best he can . There 's nothing `` special '' about him , which makes the character -LRB- and Poitier 's performance -RRB- special and memorable . Of note in this edition , the digital transfer of the film is especially crisp and vivid , not the usual slack job MGM does with these older films . Unfortunately , there are almost no extras , and it would have been great to have a commentary by Poitier to listen to . Still , this is a memorable film for the whole family . Makes me wan na holler .
 A black man -LRB- Sidney -RRB- is passing through town minding his own business ... but some German Sisters catch him in their grips like powerful sticky hooks , and will not let him go until God 's plan is fulfilled.The German Sisters feel that -LRB- Sidney -RRB- is a God-send . This is the man who will build their chapel , their black angel , God 's carpenter . ALLELUIA !!!!!!!!!! -LRB- Sidney -RRB- tries to leave many times , but God 's plan is so apparent that something always stands in his way ... not only that , but the sisters make him feel guilty about leaving . He was sent to them from GOD.The relationship that develops between he and the sisters is beautiful and humorous at times . When he sings ` AMEN ' one can not help but Know he was meant to be there.This is a movie about faith and love . How the most unconventional relationships can be the most fulfilling , brilliant , Godly , unforgotten.A simple man passing through town learns that living for himself is not enough . He is in town long enough to build a chapel , build relationships , find a purpose.When the chapel is built , he leaves once again to find whatever it was he was searching for ... but the viewer knows he shall never be the same . AMEN
 One of my favorite films of all time -- and I 'm not even religious . Poitier -LRB- plus entire cast -RRB- just about perfect here . Ralph Nelson , the director , did a wonderful job.No violance or nudity or profanity in this movie -LRB- not that I have anything against violence or profanity or skin in my movies -RRB- and yet it still ranks as one of the best movies I 've ever seen ... Goes to show you
 I watch this film repeatedly to feel good . It 's simple , strong and to the point . Ralph Nelson , director , was lucky enough to get Poitier to bring vibrant life to the simple novel of William Barrett . Poitier won the Oscar , and most deserved -LRB- some may take issue that Albert Finney 's Tom Jones should 've -RRB- . One thing that some people miss is the fact that the nuns had been through hell , and so has the Black man . Once they connect , and understand each others ' hell -LRB- or redemption -RRB- , life goes on and goodness happens . I take exception with previous reviewers who said the townsfolk were inadequate ; Stanley Adams has always been a reliable actor -LRB- Summer & Smoke -RRB- . The new respect for independent film makes me think that this is a better film than we realize . The best thing of all is that any actor , of any color , could play this role . Hispanics play an important part , though none of it is important . Working together , what a concept ; even in 1963 . I will always be impressed with this film . PS ~ After repeated viewings , I was thinking that when Homer first approaches the nuns habitat , with a different music score , this could be a slasher film . Thank God for the simple 60 's sensibilities ...
 I saw this film on television during easter many years ago and it made me very happy - a film to be remembered . Low key , yet realistic not becoming ` shallowly ' sentimental and jargon free it has the air of the great British/Australian story teller Nevil Shute . How the good of one man can transform and give people a purpose in life . Not from enormous money donations but by being nice to them . In our time of mediamania it brings a belightful breath of fresh air , buy it , borrow it or steel it -LRB- if you have to -RRB- but watch it .
 This amazing movie used to be shown on TV , usually between Thanksgiving and Christmas . I fell in love with this movie from the 1st time I saw it . Sydney Poitier deserved his Oscar for this and you will immediately see why he became a star . `` They do n't make 'em like this anymore '' is an understatement . Now , only available on video , I urge you to buy this movie . Sit down , relax and enjoy a real story line , no special effects , no violence , no swearing and the most amazing true talent you will ever see . To top it off , this is a story that leaves you feeling good and you will be humming `` AMEN ''
 This is a smooth effortless beautiful story of faith . Other stories just seem to try so hard to make a point . This one succeeds!I used to watch this when I was a child . I saw it again over the weekend with my niece who is 13 . Every movie I dusted off to play she would revert back to her toddler days and start whining . But I stuck to my guns and made her watch this . Of course the whining was even louder when she saw it was in Black and White , but it did n't take long for her to be reeled in . This movie is so endearing and it always amazes me how in ANY movie Sidney Poitier did in the early sixties he struck such a cord with the viewers to where you could not take your eyes off of him . NO ONE could have made this role work other than him , even Gregory Peck who I adore . Somehow it just would n't have been the same at all.With faith that could move a mountain the Reverend Mother thanks God for the man who will build a Chapel for her as Homer Smith or `` Omer Schmitt '' as she refers to him , stops there for water . When he notices her giving Thanks , he is very quick to tell her he is `` just passing thru '' to which she replies `` Yah ... . but you stopped . '' So begins the battle of faith and wills . She has no money in which to pay him ; he works for hire so he can go further out west , yet thru her faith in God Homer will build her a `` SHAP-IL '' . Homer 's charm and generosity both melts some of her icy exterior and makes her let go of her ferocious pride as head of household when he brings brightness to the sisters ' barren existence yet he does n't allow her to run him over . -LRB- Not every time . -RRB- Although he and the Reverend Mother are just like oil and water Homer finds that he can not up and leave them.It 's amazing how a story whose cinematography shows the starkness of the landscape with the nuns walking in the distance -LRB- just 5 little black dots against a panoramic landscape of blazing white -RRB- and gentle story line can make you feel serene and happy where you would not usually equate the desert to those feelings . It 's such a beautiful flowing mix of emotions and visions that you ca n't help but feel heart broken when the reverend mother realizes at the end what is going on when the sisters are singing `` Amen . '' You want everything to stay just as it is . This story just seems to flow with no effort.It just unfolds ... . absolutely beautiful .
 I was born in 1963 the year `` Lilies of the Field '' was released . It 's not possible for me to gauge the impact this gentle film had in easing tensions in a racially fraught time in our country . Fortunately , this film is not merely a time capsule curio but one whose message of universal kindness and understanding is timeless . Why this film is not a heavy-handed message film is that director Ralph Nelson leavens the proceedings with light-hearted humor that would win over the most hard-hearted cynic . The film is also blessed with a towering performance by Sidney Poitier as handyman Homer Smith . Smith is a talented but directionless man who does not find his life calling until a group of Eastern bloc nuns entreat upon him to build them a chapel to serve a Mexican migrant congregation . The impulse could have been for Poitier to play Homer as some kind of Superman but he manages to tap into the foibles and humor of the character . Poitier won the Oscar for this role and in this case the Academy got it right . I ca n't recall a film where he 's been better . He 's matched well with the stern taskmaster Mother Superior played by Lilia Skala . In this season of good will , or any time of the year , this film is essential viewing . Amen .
 This is a beautifully made movie about internal motivations and a sense of giving . When we rise to a level greater than our immediate needs , we give to others regardless of common paths , beliefs , race , or any worldly ambition . As we walk through life , if we are lucky , we will find a way to leave our mark for posterity . Whether anyone will know us personally , is irrelevant . We will simply have made the world a bit better by us being in the right place at the right time , and seizing the chance to do our part.This movie speaks to those concepts and images . It is funny at times , and always thought-provoking . It is a simple movie about a simpler time . The performances gain their strength in their honesty and purity .
 After reading Sidney Poitier 's recent memoir `` Measure of a Man , '' interest in this film was rekindled . Does this black and white , 1960 's film stand up in these contemporary times ? Not only does it stand up , it stands up with a pride and dignity that puts most of today 's lame Hollywood efforts to shame!This is a simple story , but it is proof that a simple story , illuminating simple human truths , if told well , can go on to live powerfully in one 's memory . A wandering man inadvertendly stumbles onto a convent of nuns who believe that he has been `` sent '' to build their long awaited church . His better sense tells him to move on . His heart tricks him into staying . A crazy idea gradually transforms into a collective project , and the embodiment of a dream fulfilled . I also like that Poitier 's character is so well defined and developed that the fact that he is black and the nuns are white does not factor one bit into the telling of the story . Interestingly , Poitier points out in his memoir that the production of this film oddly anticipated the story it told . The director was given a paltry sum to make the movie , since producers were convinced it would not be successful . Rather than conclude that the budget was too tight , the director carried on , asking the cast and crew to make extraordinary sacrifices , including unpaid rehearsal -LRB- in violation of actors ' union rules -RRB- . But such was the faith of those committed to bringing `` Lillies of the Field '' to screen . Such was the faith portrayed in the film . So , in effect , a wondrous film that simply HAD to find its way to realization . Great for the whole family in an era of aggressively marketed trash .
 Good movie with comedy thats subtle and not forced or over the top like modern movies . I know most people will not focus on the humor of this movie but it 's what I like about it .
 Sidney Portier is great to watch in this movie where the simple plot would n't seem to lend itself to much drama . It 's a movie that makes you glad you watched it .
 First saw this movie in 1963 when it came out . Mr. Poitier deserved this Oscar for this one ! Recommanded for everyone !
 Great movie.Sidney Poitier is young and full of life in this classic.Not rated , but a clean film for the whole family.Storyline
 Ralph Nelson 's crowd-pleasing `` Lillies '' was a gentle , charming change-of-pace for Poitier , whose itinerant jack-of-all-trades Homer learns something about human charity and the power of God 's will , as exercised through His most faithful followers . Sidney 's heartfelt performance went over very well with the Academy , too
 This is a classic film . I saw it new , in the theater , when I was a kid , but unlike most movies of the same time period -LRB- late 50s , early 60s -RRB- it is not dated at all . FINALLY , finally , finally , it is available for home viewing.If you are too young to be familiar with this film , consider the following points : This movie is the defining moment of Sidney Poitier 's long and distinguished career . I would say it is the film that made Poitier famous , although some might disagree with me.American popular culture usually does a really bad and dishonest job of dealing with religious issues , but this movie is an exception . It has as much integrity as Huckleberry Finn deciding to go to hell instead of betraying his friend Jim . This movie is much more light-hearted than Mark Twain , but they share an accurate view of the way people really approach religion in their personal lives . Juan has paid his insurance , Senor!Last but not least , even if you are too young to have seen this movie -- even if you have never even heard of it -- you have sung the theme song at summer camp . Sing along and enjoy !
 This is one of the most heartwarming films I 've ever seen and Sidney Poitier is a master of this sort of genre . This film belongs in everyones movie library if not for the great storyline , at least for the toe-tapping rendition of `` Amen '' sung by Sidney and accompanied by a group of German nuns who could n't understand a word he was saying.Hilarious !
 I bought this DVD as a gift for my son , to accompany Sidney Poitier 's book `` The Measure of a Man . '' I first saw `` Lilies of the Field '' when it was originally presented in theaters . -LRB- Am I dating myself ? -RRB- It was just as good this time around . It was history in the making then ; now it 's a glimpse of history . Excellent quality -- the DVD itself and the acting .
 This movie is a classic . It is very heartwarming . It makes you fell good.The actors are wonderful and a delight to watch .
 You 'll be sing ` n , something special about helping others thats what this movie is all about.Even Sydney has to let others help him great stuff .
 I bought this boxset for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it !! We had alot of these episodes on vhs and it 's so nice to now have them on dvd . I was alittle dissapointed in the discription given because it did n't say what episodeswere included so I decided to write one of my own . All the episode in this set arethe original episodes and not new new cgi episodes . Each disc isindivisually wrapped . It includes 10 dvds and they all have fun extras ! There are acouple of episodes that are doubles but my son enjoys watching them over andover again so I did n't see this as a bad thing . Below is a list of the discs includedand the episodes on each disc . If your child is a Thomas and Friends fan likemine then this is a great box set and I would recommend it for everyone !! Disc Name
 Nevertheless my Son do n't speak English -LRB- yet -RRB- , he loves to watch his Thomas & Friends DVDs , of course he has his favorites , like Thomas on site with friends -LRB- the one he watch the most -RRB- and Thomas and his trusties Friends ; this collection fulfill our expectations and gives our Son hours of fun ... but we let him watch 30 to 45 minutes a day , the rest of the afternoon he play away of the TV screen , and guess with what ... yup , his Thomas and friends Take along toys within others .
 Has a few inaccuracies but all in all a great movie . Lots of vintage NASCAR racing footage that alone makes it worth watching .
 This is a quite eclectic set from the early-1970s , with the feature being the 1972 movie that is based on the life of Richard Petty , with the second movie - from 1973 - showcasing wrestling legend Verne Gagne and many of the stars from his AWA.Both movies have superb character actors in leading roles - Darren McGavin as Lee Petty and Ed Asner as a wrestling promoter who has fallen on some tough times - though Richard Petty portrays himself and Gagne stars as a fictional world champion whose time may have come to relinquish the title to a younger grappler who has the support of the top guns in the industry.The Petty Story was filmed on location in North Carolina , with stops including Caraway Speedway in Asheboro and the Petty Family home in Randleman . The Wrestler also highlights the home of Gagne/AWA - Minnesota - with an interesting scene taking place where Gagne actually trained those who were seeking a pro career.This is a neat double play and a great look into the cross-promotion of two sports superstars as celluloid heroes .
 Just so you know , I 've given this movie 4 stars - not because it is a great movie . It is not , unless you are a diehard Petty fan . But , it is a valuable piece of NASCAR history - a little gem that I picked up in the super-cheap DVD section of a local store . It is a snapshot of the beginnings of the modern heydey of stock car racing.Released in 1974 and full of footage from the early days of NASCAR , the production values in this one are not great , which is a mixed blessing . The old footage does not stick out from the rest of the film because the film itself is pretty grainy and has questionable sound at times.Richard Petty plays himself and he comes off as a fairly wooden actor , which would be a pretty unfair assessment to make if you are not familiar with Richard 's personality . He is slow-talking -LRB- careful with his words -RRB- , casual , straight-backed and was as hard a driver as there ever was . So , Petty pretty much plays himself as I 've always seen him.Long-time mechanic Dale Inman plays himself . Darren McGavin -LRB- most famous for his role as the dad in `` A Christmas Story '' -RRB- plays Lee Petty and Noah Beery , Jr. -LRB- most famous for his role as Rockford 's dad in `` The Rockford Files '' -RRB- plays Richard Petty 's grandfather.The plot of the movie is basically a set of flashbacks from the Petty family while Richard is in the hospital after a bad wreck in the World 600 . The 2nd movie on the disc is `` The Wrestler '' starring Ed Asner . Asner is a wrestling promoter . The movie features a number of famous wrestlers from the old days such as Dick the Bruiser , Ric Flair , and Dusty Rhodes . The sound quality on my DVD was very poor -LRB- very quiet -RRB- .
 I ordered this DVD to give as a Christmas gift but I did not have time to wrap and put under the tree . Therefore , I am using it as a Valentine 's Day gift coming up in a few weeks . I have not even opened the package but it did arrive to me very quickly . The shipping was super fast !
 This is not a film of Highsmith 's book , Ripley 's Game , for that you need to go to the later version with Malkovitch as Ripley.This is inspired by that book , creating it 's atmosphere and characterisation with a shift into the central consciousness of professional framemaker Jonathan -LRB- Bruno Ganz -RRB- , who is the heart and soul of the film , away from Ripley -LRB- Hopper -RRB- who merely pulls the strings.This film is predominantly set in Europe , with an American unifying aesthetic.Jonathan has been diagnosed with terminal leukaemia and following a chance encounter with the enigmatic Ripley he finds a way to ensure a stable future for his family . Ganz suggests the internal conflict with his moral beliefs and loving family outlook.He is lured in by the bait Raul Pinot -LRB- Blain -RRB- offers him : new tests in the American Hospital in Paris by a top specialist . Ripley has been the catalyst for this new adventurous , amoral life , following a slight he receives from Zimmerman.Ripley is a loner cowboy adrift in Hamburg , consumed with existential angst . He is drawn towards Zimmerman 's hard-working honesty and warm family home . In an early scene Ripley records his thoughts in a taped diary : `` There is nothing to fear but fear itself ... I know less and less about who I am or who anybody else is '' . Hopper has never been better or more restrained and calm.There are two marvellous set-pieces set on trains.The first thriller sequence is in a subway station depicting Jonathan 's inept murder of an underworld figure . The second set on a moving train where he is joined surprisingly by Ripley , is worthy of Hitchcock . There is a lot of physical force and suspense , the use of garrotting and bodies pushed out of trains . There is a lot of black humour in a scene with tickets.Also there is a homage to American film noir -LRB- cf two directors , Ray and Fuller cast as conmen and criminals -RRB- , also the role of Ripley as a sleazy conman with mob connections.Ripley shows his humanity by wanting to be Jonathan 's ` American friend ' . There is great chemistry between the two leads.What is stressed is everybody 's moral ambivalence . The truly interesting expressionist quality of the cinematography , unusual use of colour and lighting , with cityscapes bathed in dark blues and dark greens and a somewhat faded background palette overlaid with strikingly bright and saturated primary colours for particular objects or costumes.There is the influence of Edward Hopper on the framing and camera angles , with Knieper 's brooding score to suggest the intensity and danger round every corner of the seedy industrial backlots of Hamburg.There are a lot of motifs centred around picture slides and moving pictures which figure in gift exchange between the ` friends ' His wife Erica -LRB- excellent Kreuzer -RRB- is aware Jonathan is not giving her the whole picture : `` I do n't even want to know what you do with your American friend '' . The corruptive influence of American movies is a major theme . This will be seen as one of Wender 's major films with Alice in the Cities and Kings of the Road .
 `` The American Friend '' was the first cinematic adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's novel `` Ripley 's Game '' , the third book in her Ripley series , written for the screen and directed by Wim Wenders . The film can be viewed simply as neo-noir or as an allegory of the American economic conquest of Europe , which was held in distaste by many authors of New German Cinema . It imparts an unmistakable sense of time - the 1970s - and of its artistic philosophy , but Wenders blurs the distinctions between Hamburg , Paris , and New York by focusing on their industrialism . `` The American Friend '' may be more interesting as political cinema than as a thriller , but it is also more dated . Wenders wittily cast seven directors to play his villains , starting with Dennis Hopper as sociopath Tom Ripley.Tom Ripley -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- is an American dealer in counterfeit artwork living in Hamburg , West Germany . His fateful introduction to art restorer Jonathan Zimmerman -LRB- Bruno Ganz -RRB- at an auction for a forged painting sets a bizarre series of events in motion . Raoul Minot -LRB- Gerard Blain -RRB- , an associate of Ripley 's , asks Ripley to settle an old debt by killing a man for him . Ripley is reluctant to do the job himself , so he suggests Zimmerman , who is suffering from a serious blood disease . Minot promises Jonathan 250,000 deutschmarks to kill a man in the Paris subway , insisting that Jonathan has little time to live anyway , and this would allow him to leave his family well cared-for . Jonathan is shocked by the proposition but somehow seduced by it into a violent and chaotic world . `` Ripley 's Game '' retained its name in a second movie adaptation in 2002 that aspired only to be a psychological thriller . `` The American Friend '' is more successful than `` Ripley 's Game '' , but the two films have completely different narrative focus . `` The American Friend '' tends toward character study . It 's about Jonathan , portrayed by the superb and meticulous Bruno Ganz as a regular guy whose introversion conceals a morbid angst . Why does Jonathan want to believe that he is dying ? Why does he trust a murderous stranger with obvious ulterior motives ? Why does he willingly plunge his life into chaos and terror ? Those are the questions at the heart of `` The American Friend '' . The later film `` Ripley 's Game '' marginalized the wiling victim in favor of the more forceful and colorful characters of Tom Ripley and his nefarious acquaintance.In `` Ripley 's Game '' , Tom Ripley is an outright sophisticate , played seductively by John Malkovich . Tom Ripley of `` The American Friend '' vacillates strangely and inexplicably between sophisticate and coarse , ugly American . Where `` Ripley 's Game '' has sharp , articulate dialogue , `` The American Friend '' has improvisation and eccentric behavior . Though some of his antics are undoubtedly intended as metaphor , Ripley 's character is incoherent , making him the weak link in this film . But `` The American Friend '' is much stronger film noir than `` Ripley 's Game '' , in spite of its freestyle dialogue , because Jonathan Zimmerman is a true noir protagonist , and his plight is this film 's focus . In English and German with English subtitles.The DVD -LRB- Anchor Bay 2003 -RRB-
 This classic arthouse cult film with it 's rare american/german duo , brilliantly played by Dennis Hopper and Bruno Ganz , is simply the best Tom Ripley tale -LRB- translated to film -RRB- out there.The American Friend moves quickly into a documentary type of mood with now and then a touch of black humor.The violence is cold and chilling and serves as a crucial back up in the believability of the story and characters , with credit for director Wim Wenders who never lost grip . As those specific scenes could have easily break The American Friend into pieces if it was too theatrical or not in harmony with the mood that was set .
 This film does n't really have much to do with gangsters . Patricia Highsmith 's rather ugly novel , `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' , introduces the desperate and selfish Tom Ripley , a would-be con-man who winds up killing an artist acquaintance and exploits the ` friendship ' by selling forgeries of the late artist 's works.In the movie , based on the sequel `` Ripley 's Game '' , Ripley -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- is stung by the criticism of German frame-maker Jonathan Zimmerman -LRB- Bruno Ganz . -RRB- Zimmerman suffers from a blood disease and Ripley exploits the German 's fears by insinuating that he is at death 's door . Ripley manipulates Zimmerman into becoming a hitman for a European mobster . Perversly the two men become friends and Ripley begins to experience concern for his victim - too late!Acclaimed German director Wim Wenders , famed for `` Wings of Desire '' , guides us from Zimmerman 's quaint ` old European ' craftshop to Ripley 's modern home full of American cultural flotsam and through a techno-urban Europe of anomie and paranoia . Excellent performances by Hopper and Ganz .
 I saw this movie when it was first released on VHS years ago . The reason I rented it was because I was in a big Dennis Hopper phase and trying to watch just about everything he had done . This was during the time of him cleaning up and his resurgence with Blue Velvet and directing Colors . I must say that the movies I watched usually broke down into two categories . The first was the early Hopper portraying the weakling son of the bad man . The other was the very messed up and drug addicted Hopper which had its highlights as he rambled to a great performance in Apocalypse Now but most were really bad movies that were hard to watch . All that said , I must say that Wim Wenders adaptation of Ripleys Game ` American Friend ' was a huge suprise and ended up being one of my all time favorites . It also introduced me to the great actor Bruno Ganz . But in this movie Hopper is his equal and they both turn in fascinating performances . Of course this movie was out before The Talented Mr. Ripley with Jude Law and Matt Damon . Since I had never read the books I had nothing to go on . Wim Wenders direction is great and the story is interesting and just keeps you focused . Ganz is great as the German frame maker who owns a little shop and who meets the strange , complex and brilliant shady Tom Ripley -LRB- Hopper -RRB- . Hopper is involved in the criminal underworld . One of his enterprises is the selling of fake art . He tricks Ganz into doing some ` wet work ' for his criminal friends by getting him involved in a murder for hire plot because they spin a scheme that has him believe that his physical condition -LRB- a blood disease that is controlled -RRB- is much worse and that he only has a limited time to live . In time manipulation morphs into a kind of friendship between the two.I wo n't go any further because I do n't want to spoil the story for anybody who wants to watch . This is a good foreign film but refreshingly is easy to follow and has quite a bit of English dialogue . I believe a good bit of the movie takes place in both Germany and in France -LRB- have n't seen it in a long time -RRB- . One last funny story about this movie . A girl I was dating rented The Talented Mr. Ripley when it first came out . I watched it and liked it very much . I told the story of a young Tom Ripley and it was excellent . A few years later I picked up another copy of American Friend and viewed it . As I was watching I caught Hoppers characters name , Tom Ripley . I immediately realized that the big hit movie of the day ` The Talented Mr. Ripley 's ' or at least its main character had been done years before in a brilliant Wim Wenders adaptation ` American Friend ' . So I did a google search and found this is an adaptation of the novel ` Ripleys Game ' . I guess this movie has been remade recently with John Malkovich as Ripley in the feature film Ripleys Game . Also I understand that the Ripley character has also been done by Alain Delon in one of the earliest adaptions of Ripley .
 If you 're thinking about a man who just wants to lead the good life , it 's hard to beat that charming sociopath , Tom Ripley . Conscience is just a vestigial organ in Ripley 's psychological anatomy . He enjoys the things money can buy . Just do n't get between Ripley and what he wants , or underestimate his sense of due respect . His appreciation of amusing irony can cut your life short , or make it unpleasant , or both.Der Amerikanische Freund -LRB- The American Friend -RRB- , a German film by Wim Wenders based on Patricia Highsmith 's Ripley 's Game , gives us a couple of ironic pleasures of our own . First , if you 're into the enjoyment of corrupting a good man by turning him into an assassin , the story is hard to beat . Second , we 're able to compare this same story brought to the film by two interesting directors and to observe differences in approach and style . This version by Wenders came out in 1977 and featured Dennis Hopper as Ripley.Ripley 's Game , directed by Liliana Cavani , came out in 2002 and featured John Malkovich as Ripley . Both films have merit . Both , unfortunately , sank almost without a trace . Seems a lot of people just do n't have a taste for irony or the corruption of the innocent.Jonathan Zimmermann -LRB- Bruno Ganz -RRB- is a happily married man who is a picture framer . He briefly meets Tom Ripley at an auction but refuses to shake his hand . Ripley 's reputation has preceded him . Jonathan has a serious blood disease and then learns he has little time left . He desperately wants to make sure his wife and young son , both of whom he loves deeply , are provided for when he dies . -LRB- Dougray Scott plays the same character , renamed Jonathan Trevanny , in Ripley 's Game . -RRB- Then Zimmermann gets an offer for a great deal of money . All he has to do is murder a bad guy or two . One way or another , Tom Ripley is involved , And things go wrong . The worst is that Jonathan and Tom develop a kind of friendship that should be morally repugnant if you 're a good guy like Jonathan . For all us good guys in the audience , however , the situation is so well set up that all that follows is fascinating , creepy and unnervingly satisfying . Do n't count on happy endings.Both versions of Highsmith 's novels are well worth seeing . I 'd give the edge to Ripley 's Game for two reasons . Wenders approaches the story , in my view , too deliberately and auteurishly . Cavani gets us going more efficiently and keeps up the pace . Since both directors wrote their own screenplays , I think Cavani simply came up with a better-crafted movie . Part of that impression is due to the actor who plays Ripley . Ripley 's style , his amusement , his lack of a moral code is central , and John Malkovich is better at this kind of cool approach than Dennis Hopper . Plus , I 'll admit , I 've never much cared for Hopper 's acting or his voice . Bruno Ganz and Dougray Scott are first rate . Ganz was and is one of Germany 's most acclaimed actors . Nearly 26 years after The American Friend , Ganz starred as Adolph Hitler inDownfall -LRB- Der Untergang -RRB- . It was a mesmerizing performance . One of Scott 's best roles was Tom Jericho inEnigma.This comparison business comes down to the happy chore , if you 're interested , of watching both movies , enjoying them , and observing the differences , especially in the portrayals of Tom Ripley . While Ripley 's Game is definitely John Malkovich 's movie , The American Friend comes very close to being Bruno Ganz 's . You wo n't be disappointed in either movie ; you 'll just probably enjoy one a little more than the other.Wenders also slips in some inside jokes , something that , for me , is akin to condescension . The idea that a clever few are enjoying the thrill of knowing something not available to most is juvenile . Among the pleasures for the insiders is Wenders casting in small parts as crooks a number of directors . You may or may not enjoy seeing Nicholas Ray and Samuel Fuller on their last legs.Both the video and audio on the DVD seemed muddy to me . There are several extras , including a commentary track featuring Wenders and Hopper . A good deal of the film is in English , but the subtitles when used are easy to read .
 Wim Wenders always directs top notch films , and this one is no exception . It is an unusual film noir . It is not in black and white , it takes place in Hamburg in the 1970s , and it lacks some of the typical noirish thrills . There is , however , much implicit fear in this film , as the main German character , Jonathan Zimmermann is manipulated by rival international groups like a pawn on a chessboard . Although not an overtly political film , it does -LRB- inadvertently or otherwise -RRB- reflect the beliefs of some West Germans in the 1970s that their country was dominated , culturally and otherwise , by the United States
 ` Der Amerikanische Freund ' is dark and mysterious and ultimately rewarding , even if at times it is a tad confusing and ambiguous . Loosely adapted from Patricia Highsmith 's novel ` Ripley 's Game ' , ` Der Amerikanische Freund ' is a story of suspense and murder . Patricia Highsmith did for the world of literature what Alfred Hitchcock did for the world of cinema -LRB- could be why they made the perfect pairing when Hitchcock adapted Highsmith 's masterful novel ` Strangers on a Train ' for the big-screen -RRB- and so it 's obvious when watching any adaptation of one of her novels that the viewer is in for a moody and tense piece . In actuality I have not read any of her Ripley novels so I ca n't say just how loosely this is adapted , but one thing is for sure ; director Wim Wenders definitely understood the mood Highsmith would have wanted to capture.The film follows a picture framer named Jonathan Zimmermann who is dying of a rare blood disease . He 's panicky about leaving behind his beautiful wife Marianne and his young son Daniel . When he first meets American Tom Ripley at an art auction he is rude and disgruntled . He does n't like Ripley 's character . The film shifts gears when Jonathan is approached by Raoul Minot , a man who needs a favor . He offers Zimmermann a substantial amount of money if he murders someone for him . The details are sketchy and even when the credits begin to roll the audience has plenty of questions about what really happened , but the details really become null and void when one focuses on what Wenders wants us to focus on.The film is a character study more than anything else ; a study of desperation and guilt and the ultimate love and loyalty . Bruno Ganz is marvelous as Jonathan Zimmermann and really brings this man to life . We see the many stages of his emotional breakdown ; his confidence diminishes to fear and paranoia until he finally loses it . Ganz is an actor I really want to see more of . I remember back a few years when I saw him chew up the screen as Adolf Hitler in ` Der Untergang ' and I immediately wanted to research his catalogue of films but until recently had n't got around to it . After watching his intense performance here though I will make an even more constructive effort to get my hands on more Ganz.Dennis Hopper stars as Tom Ripley , and it is here that I am left a tad unimpressed . Like I mentioned , I have not read any of Highsmith 's ` Ripley ' novels . I have read a few of her other novels and have been meaning to get my hands on the Ripley 's but I just have not had the time . So because of that I can not tell who does a better job of fleshing out Ripley , Hopper or Matt Damon . What I can say though is that the two actors paint completely different characters . In my personal opinion , Damon triumphs effortlessly . What I appreciated about Damon was that he created a character that was cunning and manipulative but was drenched in self-loathing and insecurities ; so much so that he came across as likable and sympathetic , thus adding to his mysterious draw on the people around him . Hopper plays Ripley like a cold hearted psychopath . It 's apparent from the moment he steps on the screen that he is gruff and cold . Thankfully this film focuses on Zimmermann and thus Hopper is really not on the screen all that much.In the end I recommend ` Der Amerikanische Freund ' . It is a strong study of human nature and it creates a mood of suspense even when nothing suspenseful is taking place . The subway murder scene alone is a perfect example of flawless filmmaking , a scene that is slow and brooding and steals the audience 's heartbeats one by one . The film is not as polished or as masterfully constructed as ` The Talented Mr. Ripley ' but it delivers the goods regardless . While the ending is a tad over-the-top and a little confusing I still felt rewarded after turning the film off . Do n't expect to understand everything right off the bat , and there are some facets of the plot that you may never fully understand -LRB- I guess it 's time to read that novel -RRB- but Wenders and company create a satisfying thriller that gets under your skin and into your head .
 Here we have yet another adaptation of a Patricia Highsmith novel . Made in the 1970 's this German version was directed by Wim Wenders . Dennis Hopper is the American friend although the movie pretty much belongs to Bruno Ganz who plays the quiet picture framer Jonathan Zimmerman with a blood disease . Hopper convinces him to take out an enemy of a Frenchman Gerard Blain in a Paris subway . Then there is the pivotal scene in a train lavatory where the best laid plans go awry . The film is set in Hamburg , Paris and New York . Hopper in really an engaging and good performance plays Ripley as a crude American who often wears a cowboy hat , a far cry from Matt Damon -LRB- `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' , John Malkovich -LRB- `` Ripley 's Game '' -RRB- and Alain Delon -LRB- `` Purple Noon '' -RRB- , all of whom play the character as an urbane sophisticate -LRB- while Damon starts out as a novice to culture , he is certainly a fast learner -RRB- . The cinamatography works very well here , giving the viewer atmospheric shots of Hamburg as well as some interesting closeups , for instance , the frames of TV monitors that catch Zimmerman fleeing from the subway after committing the murder.Highsmith novels continue to engage film directors . Since she has many more novels that have yet to be made into movies , we can only hope other directors take up the Ripley story soon .
 THE AMERICAN FRIEND is a clever film , but one that perhaps suffers from a being a little too smart for its own good . As an exploration of the cultural colonisation of Germany it is very effective , and WIM WENDERS fills the subtext of his film with a pessimistic tone that borders on paranoia , a redolent theme for a film of the 1970 's . He depicts a featureless and grey Europe that is bending under the unbearable yolk of capitalism . A continent that has had its originality squeezed out of it by the duplicitous behaviour of people like Tom Ripley . A land of commerce and greed , rather than art . In fact art becomes the metaphorical device for the insidiousness of a consumer driven society , with both painting and the cinema acting as its agents . Of all European countries to feel the pinch of forced doctrines by the USA , Germany in the wake of WW2 is perhaps the most notable . A generation of film-makers grew up with an ambivalent attitude towards Hollywood . They were respectful of its efficiency , but resentful of its corrupt value system and sought to implement their own brand of national cinema . THE AMERICAN FRIEND and to a lesser degree Werner Herzog 's STROSZEK are the most indicative examples of these complex tensions . Viewed today the film also becomes an intricate and enjoyable parody of film noir and the values that genre embodied . It 's post-modern credentials are worn as a badge , in both Wenders choices of colour , and especially in the casting . As a deconstruction of both Hollywood 's influence and the effects of forced capitalism THE AMERICAN FRIEND works tremendously well . Unfortunately the sophistication of its satirical elements , wring a great deal of the life out of the film , especially in terms of excitement and spectacle .
 Plunge a character into a world that is unknown and completely foreign to them and watch as their world comes crashing down around their ankles-this is the plot that outlines _ The American Friend _ . Mr. Ripley , played here by Dennis Hopper , is a man who deals with art forgeries and , quite oddly , schemes to involve a stranger named Jonathan Zimmermann -LRB- played by Bruno Ganz -RRB- in a series of murders . Things go splendidly until Jonathon starts to unwind . Despite Zimmermann 's hopes to provide for his family , his involvement with Mr. Ripley 's associates only leads to the destruction of his family and his way of life . Slow at times , _ The American Friend _ is a film that gains most of its appeal from the richness of the characters . I was particularly impressed with Bruno Ganz 's performance , as he manages to establish a strong character and completely distintegrate throughout the film gradually . His performance is so strong that one gets the impression that the film was shot in sequence-the continuity is that good . Dennis Hopper is also strong in his role as the querky Mr. Ripley -LRB- a completely different portrayal than the recent Matt Damon rendition -RRB- , though I was not drawn to his character when opposite of Ganz . Of course , Hopper 's character does not really enter the film in any significant way until he has decided to befriend a man he has already doomed , but I still expected a little more from the young Hopper.Though slow at times due to the action-film turned character piece -LRB- often said to be a thriller with no thrills -RRB- , _ The American Friend _ has more than enough suspense to keep an audience going when it is at its best . Worth a rent and a second look .
 Ganz and Hopper simply take over the film , using the cheesy gangster plot as just a dance floor . They 're a delight to see . This film brought me to tears I missed Hamburg so much . You 'll never feel more in northern Germany than with this film . Unfortunately , it is probably the finest film ever to still have the masses come away saying they did n't get it ...
 ... Henry James once said that it was the germ of a situation , the imaginative possibility , not its final historical explication , that inspired his stories . So . Wenders is inspired by a paranoid thriller , just as Hitchcock was in `` Strangers on a Train , '' another Highsmith thriller . But in each case , of course , the director uses the novel to tell an entirely different story , the story he has in mind . In Wender 's case , the story is of a kind of doubled ambivalence , a meditation on the relationship between west Germany and `` America '' , a political , economic , political and , to be honest , military quandary , and the relationship between European `` craft '' and American `` cultural imperialism . '' Let 's be clear on this
 The tension is so palpable here that it 's a character in and of itself.Tom Ripley , as played by Dennis Hopper , feels truer to his EASY RIDER role than the character in the novel upon which the movie is based , as some critics have said . I say `` feels truer '' because I have n't seen the first or read the second , but I believe those critics.But that does n't matter . Not at all . This movie is about Jonathan Zimmerman , as played by Bruno Ganz . Every time he 's on the screen , which is most of the time , you 're just gripped in both your mind and your gut and you ca n't turn away , reach down for a drink of water , hit pause and go to the bathroom , or anything.I 'm one of those weird animals who 's just as comfortable with Hollywood crap as I am with literary classics . My wife 's non-American and anti-Hollywood . We were both equally blown away by this film.And by the way , the plot is n't predictable . Do n't even think that . But it does organically unfold from the characters , so it 's true . Got ta love it .
 A superb rendering by Wim Wenders of the Patricia Highsmith novel Ripley 's Game , with Dennis Hopper and Bruno Ganz in memorable acting . Unforgettable the scene on the beach in Hamburg in the orange VW Beetle , with Ganz muttering BABY YOU CAN DRIVE MY CAR ! Get it !
 It 's in many ways not fair to entitle this film as just a film noir.I state that because , first at all remember . we are talking about of Patricia Highsmith , one of the most gifted minds in the north american literatute . If you analyze all her literaries works , as Strangers on a train , -LRB- Hitchcock -RRB- or A plenn soleil -LRB- Rene Clement -RRB- , you 'll find all the characters are envolved in a cosmical trick . It 's true that the hopeless who surrounds establishes an anticipated fate in all their actions . But what Highsmith adds in every work , including the american friend is the lack of any kind of feeling or ethical consideration carried to a level that they become in models . I mean , it 's very hard for us to find by instance , with a character as Mr. Rippley in any street of any city in the world . These characters are not common.That 's the most remarkable virtue in Highsmith and Wenders so Clement and Hithcock understood and exploited this item like few.Wenders , one of the three kings of the german filmography in the seventies , -LRB- together with Fassbinder , Herzog , and Hauff -RRB- , knew how to deal with that and make a clever twist in an age where the key works of the neo film noir , a genre that slowly was left and replaced by thrillers with little trascendence.This film , in my point of view , made grow up to Dennis Hopper , not only as actor , but as a filmmaker . -LRB- Remember his best work as director titled Colors -RRB- . This film is eternal . And that means just one thing
 This film is at a line between humor or drama.Some of the action and situations remind of films like `` High Risk `` in which the criminals are just bad at what they are doing.This film is really not Dennis Hopper 's best acting , but the German acting of Bruno Ganz really makes up for that.The ending is a surprise , but may well be the best part of the film.There are subway rides to a death , and train rides to a killing , but the mob in this film is just comedy relief?The story is about an honest man trickedby bad people into doing what he does n't really want to do.The film might well be an allegory on the Bush administration ?
 Patricia Highsmith -LRB- who died in 1995 -RRB- ranks as one of the most accomplished yet recondite writers of fiction to emerge from the United States in this century . Graham Greene , in a forward to a collection of her short stories , referred to her as `` the poet of apprehension . '' Unfortunately , although a number of her novels have been adpated for the screen , beginning with Hitchcock 's `` Strangers on a Train '' and most recently in Anthony Minghella 's bastardized `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' , these attempts have almost exclusively been of a mediocre and inchoate standard . Wim Wender 's 1977 film `` Der Amerikanische Freund '' is an overwhelming exception . Though the locations and plot lines of the original novel -LRB- third in the Ripley series -RRB- was substantially altered , Wenders was able to capture the essential character of the books two unlikely protaganists . Hopper 's Ripley is brimming over with unstated homoerotic menace , while Ganz plays the naive and desperate Jonathan to perfection . The central attribute of a Highmsith novel is not a feeling of suspense so mauch as one of delocalized discomfort , unease that has no rational causal locus . Combine this with the film 's aesthetic sensibility , the use of strong and unnatural filters to carnivalize the vision of seagulls soaring lazily over a Hamburg dawn , the effervescent green light of a paris metro station , and you have something no less than a low-key masterpiece .
 Despite the casting of a well-known -LRB- some would say , `` infamous '' -RRB- American actor in the form of Dennis Hopper , Wim Wenders ' take on the very American `` film noir '' style in `` The American Friend '' was every bit a fit with the work that came before and after . The same thoughtful approach to character and story that animates Wenders ' `` road movies '' is also on display in this adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's novel `` Ripley 's Game . '' `` The American Friend '' draws the viewer into its web with subtle twists , a captivating atmosphere and excellent performances by Dennis Hopper as the mysterious Ripley and Bruno Ganz -LRB- later to star in Wenders ' `` Wings of Desire '' -RRB- as the ordinary man who gets caught up in Ripley 's web . With its exceptionally careful pacing , the film is certainly not for everyone . For those willing to embrace Wenders ' unique approach , however , the end result is a truly gripping film that will stay with you long after some more viscerally thrilling movies have faded from memory .
 One of the best adaptations of a Patricia Highsmith novel -LRB- * Ripley 's Game * -RRB- ever filmed , and one of Wim Wenders ' best movies , too . But , according to the commentary on this DVD , Ms. Highsmith was originally aghast at Wenders ' treatment of the story -- it 's a very loose adaptation -- and of the character Tom Ripley -LRB- Dennis Hopper in a cowboy hat , a figure radically different from the suave manipulator in the book -RRB- . As the years passed , she apparently grew reconciled to the movie on its own terms , and why not ? -- the themes of the seductiveness of evil and of the abyss yawning below any `` normal '' person 's life are rigorously limned in * The American Friend * . And Wenders brings some ideas of his own to this material , most notably the distasteful spectacle of a dominant world power and culture -LRB- e.g. , the United States -RRB- crassly pirating the leavings of an older civilization -LRB- e.g. , European -RRB-
 The first chilling moment in this film is when relatively poor and struggling art framer and cultured European -LRB- Swiss -RRB- Bruno Ganz is introduced to art dealer American -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- -RRB- Tom Ripley at an art auction , and refuses to shake his hand . From that moment , Mr Ganz is more or less doomed . One theme of this film is the clash between two cultures , or at least two attitudes to art , money versus art , the contempt each has for the other . Another theme is how thrilling it would be to kill anyone who makes a fool of us in public . From the moment of the slight , the doomed Mr Ganz is slowly brought to his end - the mis en scene becomes a horror show of ordinary things made threatening , seagulls , art frames he works on he starts bumping into , a television set which is off zaps him with static electricity when he touches it , he stumbles in to objects whilst waiting for a train , the doodling on a piano by a `` medical student '' gangster becomes an atonal nightmare . The moment when Mr Ganz breathes onto the finest piece of gold leaf we can see him realising the breath of life is so precious , but he 's losing it and he knows it.A stunning cinematic experience . A masterpiece and perhaps the finest transformation of Ms Highsmith 's many Ripley adaptations , notwithstanding Mr Hitchcock .
 The American Friend is a particularly trenchant example of Wim Wenders ' favorite theme -- the outsider in a different culture -LRB- cf. The Buena Vista Social Club -- Ry Cooder in Havana ; Until the End of the World -- William Hurt 's American character in Europe -RRB- . Only in this case , the outsider , Dennis Hopper -- the American friend -- ruins the life of the insider , played by Bruno Ganz.But that 's what noir is all about . Based on one of the Ripley novels by American ex-patriate author Patricia Highsmith -LRB- no doubt her ex-pat status appealed to Wenders -RRB- , the film follows Jonathan Zimmermann -LRB- Ganz -RRB- in his descent into Noirville via Tom Ripley -LRB- Hopper -RRB- and Ripley 's `` partner '' Minot , a sinister French man . This time out , unlike in the 1960 film Purple Noon -LRB- THE best cinematic version of Highsmith 's The Talented Mr. Ripley -- far better than the recent version with Matt Damon -RRB- , Ripley is an edgy guy -LRB- what else could Hopper be ? -- especially in 1977 when he was coked to the gills -RRB- who deals in art forgeries.Along the way we meet an artist who does the forgeries , and that 's famed director Nicholas Ray in a great role . Ray is one of Wenders ' heroes -- maybe his biggest hero -- and he 's here in his glory -- sad single eye partnered with his trademark eyepatch , gaunt face and all . Three years later , Ray died of cancer . We also meet a gangster played by another of Wenders ' favorite directors , Samuel Fuller . But Fuller 's part is smaller than Ray 's , which says something ... This is a perfect exemplar of the road to Hell being paved with good intentions . Zimmermann 's one desire to take care of his family results in his being coerced into dark deeds that ultimately leave Zimmermann emotionally destitute.Wenders ' focus is on the characters who make things happen , who bring about the downfall of both themselves and of others . While American neo-noirs can occasionally do a great job of focusing on action-driven plots -- given a great writer/director team -- in this film , Wenders chooses instead to have the story unfold based on personalities.An unusual and strong neo-noir , The American Friend is a unique film that is a key work in the Wenders oeuvre . Great job -LRB- an American expression -RRB- .
 I know people are divided on this question but in my opinion , I think a director should alter a novel 's details how he sees fit . Sometimes it works -LRB- as it does with this film -RRB- and sometimes it does n't . What really bothers me is when a director simply transplants the exact contents of a book to the screen , as in the Harry Potter films and numerous other adaptations of best-sellers . Gone with the Wind and Clockwork Orange have considerable alterations but that 's what makes them great films without taking anything away from the source material . It takes a brave and talented director to actually improve on a great book , as is the case with One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . Judge The American Friend on it 's own merits and leave the book on the shelf .
 A German frame maker -LRB- Ganz -RRB- with a fatal blood disease and therefore perhaps little to loose reluctantly takes on the roll of hit man after a chance encounter with an unethical American art dealer -LRB- Hopper -RRB- . The brilliant acting by Dennis Hopper , Bruno Ganz and Gerard Blain on its own makes this a really memorable movie . Certainly , this is Dennis Hopper at his most edgy , something he does well and in my opinion this is his most outstanding performance ever . Ganz is convincing as an honest and reasonable man trying to make the most of a bad situation . Likewise , Blain is a joy to watch in his role as the smooth professional fixer calling the shots.I 'm not sure if the movie could be said to have a `` Hitchcock '' influence , but I would say that those who like Hitchcock may well enjoy this . It combines mystery , great camera work and a dark film noir plot with a sound track reminiscent of a Hitchcock movie . The movie also has a black humour to it as Ganz and Hopper bungle their way through the murderous business of doing away with various criminals . The second train sequence for example is an absolute hoot and you could easily be watching a Tarintino movie . Overall , this is one of my favourite films and while it is certainly quirky it stands out as being rather unique .
 It just needs to be said that the movie is what you could expect of having a master , Hopper , playing a character by another , Highsmith , while directed by yet another , Wenders . If you already read Ripley 's game , see the movie to find an amazing picture of that odd world depicted by Patricia Highsmith .
 JET li stars in this powerful movie as he portrays chinese folk hero WONG FEI HUNG . THis movie is totally different from the other movies in the Once upon a time in china series . Some of the most memorable scenes from the movie are when Li battles `` shaolin masta killa '' Gordon Lui . The other great part in this movie is when Li dresses up like a chicken and battles a giant centipede . The end is still the best part when Li breaks his toes he 's forced to get drunk and uses the Drunken style to win the final battle . One of Li 's finest !!!!!!!!!!
 Not widely regarded as an extension of the `` Once Upon A Time In China '' series , `` Last Hero In China '' tends to go unmentioned as far as guilty-pleasure entertainments go . I believe that the film 's quality -LRB- though the Wong Jing humor is debatable -RRB- is right on par with the series , as once again Jet Li braids his hair to assume the identity of Wong Fei-Hung and rip some naughty miscreants a new one . Yes , Jet Li is in the role NOT Jackie Chan , as Amazon 's blurb mistakenly implies . Though both actors have personified the role , it is in this film 's final fight that I finally got to see Jet Li 's bout at Drunken Boxing for my first time ever -LRB- thus the review 's title -RRB- . If he does it in older movies , I have n't seen it yet . But he demonstrates the stance with all the effortless acrobatic ability his legions of fans have grown accustomed to . Plus , Yuen `` you only wish you could choreograph action like me '' Woo-Ping offers us a shot at Fei-Hung delving into Chicken Style against a ten-man centipede , plus numerous other wire-fu goodies that 'll put a stoned grin onto any viewers face.No real special features on the disc to even mention save the inherent but ever-necessary widescreen , but then again I own the HK version . The only drawback ... ? Where 's Auntie 13 -LRB- Rosamund Kwan -RRB- ? She writes Fei-Hung a letter in the movie , but that 's all we get . Sigh ... But enjoy -- this is as ridiculously fun a movie as you could want from Sir Jet .
 I agree with Michael Van about the clipped version '' Deadly China Hero '' as I own `` Last Hero in China '' which is the movie in its orginal presentation and with Subtitles . This is actually , if placed in order of sequences by year , the Fourth `` Once Upon a Time in China '' series before OUATIC IV/V came out . Nonetheless , you have to watch this movie as it has , as usual , great martial art scenes . I own all but OUATIC IV and most of Jet Li 's DVD 's that are available . The 6th version of OUATIC is `` Once upon a Time in China and America '' also starring Jet Li . Though this may be the 4th Jet Li did as Wong Fei-Hung , you do not have to see the three previous OUATIC 's . Order is not important with this version of Wong Fei-Hung but the tales of this Martial Artist -LRB- a real actual Chinese Hero -RRB- is . Get this DVD and try to get `` Last Hero in China '' also . In fact , get every Jet Li movie made . You will not be dissappointed . This man is our replacement for Bruce Lee .
 Whats up folks ? I picked this movie up about 2 months ago . I didnt know what i was getting into , but i imagined that it couldnt be too bad , I mean , the main character is Wong Fei Hung . Right off of the bat , i want to say that Amazon has the best price ive seen for this movie . So if you 're gon na get it , and i recommend that you do , i urge you to get it from here.Whats the premise ? The cops arrest 3 leaders of the rebel Boxer Association , you may remember the Boxer Association from your history classes . Well , Fei Hung happens to be there , and hands them over to the police . Fei Hung is running out of money , cant afford his studio , so his star pupils Ah-so and Ah-fu make a deal with some landlord for leasing a building for dirt cheap , they later find out that the owner of the building is a pimp , and his whore house is right next door , overlooking the grounds of the studio . I want tell you anything else , and theres a lot more to see , but ill tell you that its funny . The martial arts is pretty good , and if you guys are MA fans , then I should tell you that Gordon `` Master Killer '' Liu is in this also . Yeah , thats right , the log on water riding master himself.So if you guys are looking for a good laugh -LRB- at the comedy , not poor attempt at a movie -RRB- then this movie is definitely it . It has its serious moments too , after all its about Fei Hung . It has good MA action , from what I remember , i mean i watched it twice . The characters are cool , but the cast that plays them is excellent . The villain , is awesome . He 's evil as hell ! Certifiably insane!I dont know what else to say about it , its a really good movie , i thought it was better than Once Upon A Time in China 2 , -LRB- not OUATIC I , i said II -RRB- . The whores were funny . I only wish they showed more of Leung Man , she was bad boy . She had this one scene , man , shes good -LRB- by the way , shes not one of the whores -RRB- 4 stars , go get it . If youre into Jet Li , or are wandering if you really like his style of acting and MA , then get this movie , he 'll impress you , he is afterall a Kung Fu master .
 This was such an awesome movie.Remove everything you ever knew about the Once upon a time in china series from your head , except for Jet Li playing the serious Wong fei-hung . Then make this movie one of the craziest and funniest movies ever and stick Wong fei-hung in the middle of it . What you have is a very enjoyable movie . And as much as I did like it , the music was the best part for me . For those of you that know the OUATIC series , you know Tsui Hark was the first ones to put lyrics in a movie to the Wong fei-hung theme song . Well then Jing Wong was the second . Great Soundtrack.All you people trying to stick through it all the way , please wait until the end fight .
 Deadly China Hero is different from his other Wong Fei Kung movies . You will probably never find him dressed up like a chicken in a bright red outfit again . He is so cute in it . How he brings a new look and feeling to this character is hilarious . He is an all around actor and in this movie he proves just how good he is . A must see .
 Jet Lee , Hong Kong 's brightest martial arts star and heir to the Bruce Lee mantle , stars as Wong Fei Hung , folk hero of turn-of-the-century China . With his assistants Ah-fu and Ah-so , Wong wages war against the corrupt and ruthless Boxer society . Scene after scene of breathtaking martial arts acrobatics and a monumental fight with the Master Killer -LRB- Gordon Liu -RRB- , choreographed by Yuen Woo Ping -LRB- Drunken Master , Fist Of Legend -RRB- combine a truly charismatic performance by Lee to make this an action classic in the tradition of Lee 's Once Upon a Time in China series . Do n't miss the climactic fight sequence with Lee displaying an excellent display of Drunken Boxing !
 This movie is very cool . I rented it and now I went out and bought it . It 's an amazing movie , the story is interesting , but the fighting scenes are really incredible . During the movie , a fight breaks out nearly every 2 minutes and what really got me was the unique fighting style . The quality of the film is mediocre , but what can you expect from a film made in 1978 . I think 16 dollars is a little pricey for a movie that is this old and with nearly no quality improvements on DVD . But overall I highly recommend this movie to any Kung Fu enthusiast ; it 's one of the best Jackie Chan classics .
 Anyone who is a Jet Li fan will indeed appreciate the kung-fu sequences in this movie ... especially the last one where Li makes his own deadly amalgamation of the Drunken Fist and Shaolin five Fist styles ... the result is a superb ending fight ! The story is long and irrelevant at parts , but comprehensible . Here 's some insight ... anything Yuen Woo Ping -LRB- renowned director and martial arts choreographer -RRB- touches is a classic ... Wu Tang Master , Fist Of Legend , Drunken Master ... need I say more ! Also , the chicken/centipede dance was ridiculous yet amusing ... . Purchase !
 It is a good movie , but if you already have Last Hero in China , you already have this movie , why they have the same movie with two different names , I do n't know .
 Excellent movie for Jet Li fans !
 This video is amazing . It combines incredible feats of Kung-fu and special effects with humor with the story of Wong Fei Hong , and of course , my hero JetLi . It has the most humor out of any of the Hong Kong movies with Jet Li as Wong Fei Hong that I have seen . I bought it in Chinatown , New York -LRB- it 's cheaper at Amazon.com ! -RRB- and have watched it 1,000 times so far . I love it , and it makes me want to fly through the air , kicking things , and shave half my head and learn Cantonese .
 jet li as usual made fast well choreographed amzing fight sceens.I found there were to many times where it looked like they were flying and it get 's anoying after a while , but overall this was a really good movie and should be seen by every jet li fan .
 The first movie to star Jet Lee after he quit the Once Upon a Time in China series . It 's intended as a parody of those films , but the humor is usually pretty lame . If that does n't bother you , the movie is very entertaining . It 's expertly filmed with numerous excellent fight scenes and surreal atmosphere . The best action sequence is the fight between Jet Lee and Gordon Liu . Although it 's brief , it 's worth the price of the video alone . The ending is equally awesome , both exciting and bizarrely humorous . Similar to another of director Wong Jing and Jet Lee 's collaborations ; High Risk , a strange parody of Jackie Chan and Die Hard .
 Jet Li once again plays the real life character of Wong Fei Hung . The fight scenes in this movie are great . There is minimal use of ropes which makes the fight scenes that more believable . And , it has what I think makes every movie perfect ... a lion dance .
 This movie features classic jet lee action that will leave any fan wanting more . `` It has a great sense of action and unbelievable realistic action with everybody 's favorite hero . '' `` We hope to see more '' and `` That lightling kick was , is and will always be jet 's greatest move that we favour . '' quoted almost every Jamaican .
 Once again Jet Li reprises his roll of Wong Fei Hung -LRB- Once upon a time in china a.k.a. OUTIC series -RRB- much to our treat . I 'm not quite sure where the time line is in this movie as far as OUTIC is concerned , however I beleive this is one of Jet 's most underated movies . The cinemetography in this movie is splendor , as well as the dynamic camera angles the director chose to use -LRB- ie . they bring out a prisoner and he fall 's to his knee 's using an up shot for dramatic 's -RRB- . There is plenty of wire work in this if your a fan of it , which you must be if you like Jet Li . The whole parade thing they get going on may be a bit corn ball , but hang in there because Jet does a drunken style that rival 's that of Jackie ... well you get the idea . If you do n't have it , you ca n't go wrong with popin down a 10 spot for this one ... it 's a steal . If your a OUTIC fan you must get this film and Iron Monkey wich is directed by Woo Ping to truely complete your collection . Jet Li is the one , he 's finally here folks , the wait is over . Bring on Kato .
 This video is amazing . It combines incredible feats of Kung-fu and special effects with humor with the story of Wong Fei Hong , and of course , my hero JetLi . It has the most humor out of any of the Hong Kong movies with Jet Li as Wong Fei Hong that I have seen . I bought it in Chinatown , New York -LRB- it 's cheaper at Amazon.com ! -RRB- and have watched it 1,000 times so far . I love it , and it makes me want to fly through the air , kicking things , and shave half my head and learn Cantonese .
 This was the first film I have ever seen with sub-titles . Once I got used to trying to read the sub-titles and watch the action on the screen , I enjoyed it very much ! I thought the humor in this film was a hoot ! I especially liked the scene where the injured student is told by his friends not to give away the `` secret '' because , whenever that happens in a film , the person who told the secret dies ! I also loved the scene where the girl thought Jet Li was still deaf . All in all , I found this film very entertaining . I just wish that some of the lettering was easier to read . It blended into the background in some scenes and was almost impossible to read .
 This movie is better than I thought ... . It 's more Kung-fu comedy than anything . Usualy the charactor Wong Fei-Hung is a bit to serious and stiff . To see him in a comedic setting is quite refreshing and him dressed in a chicken suit fighting the centipede was hilarious . I enjoyed it so much that it 's now a part of my Jet Li movie collection . The man is a versatile actor and very good martial artist .
 This is a great movie if that 's the case . Jet Li does a great job as always and one can see his amazing skill no doubt . If you pay attention you 'll notice when he does amazing kicks `` without ropes '' and how good and quick they are . One thing that I did n't like was that when they wear white clothes and the subtitles are in white letters ! Other than that it 's a good movie . The plot is tricky , but workable .
 I have seen this movie from beginning to end , uncut . The movie itself was fantastic . But it 's in how the movie was packaged that I do n't like very much . This version leaves out a few scenes . Like the fight scene between the army officer and the students when they are at the docks . I also wished they taped it in SP mode and not EP .
 This is the same movie as Deadly Chinese hero , only they changed the name . If you have Deadly chinese hero , you already have this movie .
 This movie is perhaps one of the zaniest kung fu movies I 've seen . There 's men in drag , Cartoony fight scenes , and of course , Jet Li dressed up as a chicken fighting a giant centepede.One of the good things about this movie , is that the fight scenes are very original . There are n't any ones with two guys standing in an open area facing off in a cliche fight scene . There 's a fight scene where Jet Li never gets out of the chair he 's sitting in . There 's also one where he 's holding onto a bouquet of flowers and one handedly defeats three goons . The best fight scene is the final show down between Jet li and Gorden Liu . Jet Li performs an amazing Drunken Boxing technique which is far better than Jackie Chan 's in Drunken Master.Another good thin about this movie is that allthough they use excessive wire stunts , many of them are still beleivable and actually contribute to the fight scenes . The end fight scene , where Li comically bounces off walls and lands on ropes must have used wires , but does n't look fake at all . There are however some scenes where the special effects are horrible and unnessessary . For example there is a fight scene where Jet Li lifts his leg and kicks someone behind him in the face , and they use a fake leg that looks like it should be attached to a muppet.Another Problem with this movie is the plot and subtitles . The plot has something to do with the opium wars , Wong Fei Hung trying to start a new school , and women being stolen and sold as prostitutes , but that 's the best I can do to summarize the plot . What makes the plot so hard to follow is partially the fact that there 's a plot turn every ten minutes . However the biggest problem is the sub titles . Many Hong Kong movies have a tendency to have subtitles which are in white and are displayed over the movie instead of underneath it or in a box . This makes it impossible to read half of the subtitles because they are in white writing over a white picture such as most of the characters ' shirts.This movie is pretty good . It has very creative and impressive fight scenes . However there are some shortcomings in the special effects and storyline .
 Once again , Jet Li reprises his most famous role as Wong Fei-hung , the same character in the Once Upon A Time In China series , but with a more comical role . Wong is a doctor and martial arts master of Hung 's Fist in Canton . After defeating 3 branch leaders of the Boxers Association , he comes home to find that Po Chi Lam is too small . So he moves his Po Chi Lam , unaware that it is next to a brothel . He is also engaged in a fight with a loose criminal in a corrupt police officer 's place . He only stays in his chair and displays some great leg-work . After he finds out that he resides next to a brothel , he loses face , but later he finds himself fighting with the Nun-yan temple 's leader , an expert in Shaolin Fist . Nun-yan temple kidnaps young women to sell them to Southeast Asia to get enough money and to expand its power . After injuring some 46 monks and beating the leader , the police officer puts him in a trial , but is luckily saved by his neighbors . He then performed for Mr. Sasin with his lion dance troup , but is defeated by a centipede . He is now deaf . After he is cured by a father and daughter group , he sees a chicken fighting a centipede . Later , dressed as a chicken , he defeats the centipede , then , using Drunken Fist , defeated the corrupt police officer .
 Jet Li is amazing in this action filled flick . Outstanding fight sequences , along with a cameo from martial arts film legend Gordon Liu as a bad guy . Some very Original fights , Including a must see battle between the centipede fighters and Jet li , using his newly masterd Rooster style kung fu . Great action , good story , and ofcourse Jet Li make for a spectacular mix .
 Jet Li is very active in the film The New Legend of shoalin , his way of fighting is not ordinary , It not for nothing that he is the number one top fighter in his country . This film shows , many thing that happen in the world.The scene of action is very spectacular and co odination of movement is excelent.I have seen I think 85 % of all his films .
 This movie , fight wise is one of the most origional kungfu flicks I have ever seen.The story line is so so but the fights more than make up for that.ONE OF THE MOST SURPISNIG ASPECTS was the amazingly choreographed fight seens with the lion dances , if they bored you in once upon a time in china 3 they definitley wont here.I particularly liked the bad guys sporting a large centipede suit with razor sharp arms , the final fight seen was also one of the best that I have seen.In one word BUY THIS ONE one of my favorites and it 's also cheaper than other flicks , great value
 But if you are a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of Jet Li playign wong fei-hung , like I am , then this will be a VERY funny movie for you.The story starts out with a some outlaws being chased by the government , and these guys are pretty tough . One of the guys took a guard by the head and threw his body onto like a shelf or something and the guys body cripples in half like he was holding a pillow.You are going to get a lot of that type of action . I am a HUGE fan of the old school peking style that Lau Kar Leung used , I love the hand to hand . And while you do n't get too much of that , you get enough and the stunt are really cool.Now my favorite part of this movie are the ones where he has this CRAZY general talking to Wong , I ca n't even explain the way the guy was acting , it was sow eird and it was also kinda cool . So Jet is sitting in a chair and the general is asking to see his kung fu skills and the general is so close to the face -LRB- on purpose of course -RRB- to Jet 's face you can just see how great of an actor for making it this whole scene without busting out laughing . CAUSE THE GENERAL WAS THE MAN , HE IS THE ONE WHO MAKES THIS MOVIE FUNNY , JUST TRY TO TELL ME THAT THIS IS NOT THE GREATEST VOICE ACTING JOB IN THE HISTORY OF DUBBING , but I will get back to this when I tell you the dvd that you should seek out.So I do n't want to give the story away cause it 's not that great but very very funny.So like I said in another review of this , remove everything you knew about the OUATIC series except leave wong as a serious guy . Then make everything that happens around him just a strait up slap stick comedy and see how wong react , it is absolutely hilarious.Now I wan na go over some of the reasons you should see this movie.WONG FEI-HUNG VS. MASTER KILLER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beardy and bucktooth reunited , to know about this you have to go 11 years before this film was made and watch legend of a fighter . It is my favorite MA movie EVER , and I have a review on this on the vhs side under secret master . The chemistry was absolutely beautiful in that movie.IF YOU ARE A FAN OF JET LI , THEN I SHOULD GO AHEAD AND TELL YOU THIS IS MY 2ND FAV JET LI AS WONG MOVIE EVER . so in other words I rate it # 2 out of the 5 he was in.BUT I ALSO RATE THIS MOVIE ABOVE LEGEND 1 AND 2 , ENFORCER , EVIL CULT , KISS OF THE DRAGON , OK I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE LISTED THE ONES I LIKE MORE INSTEAD CAUSE THIS IS LIKE A TOP 3 JET MOVIE FOR ME.I 'm not a fan of most of of Jing Wong 's stuff , but this one I feel is one of his better efforts , ALSO JET 'S ACTING PERFORMANCE IN THIS RIVALS THE 1ST OUATIC MOVIE . SO DEFINITELY ONE OF HIS BEST ACTING JOBS.Now the dvd that I have is 105 MINUTES LONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i mean it wass almost too freaking long for me , now how often does that happen in kung fu . How many people said in secret rivals like oh I wish they would have cut out some of the training sequences or that funny part could have gone or the final fight could have been a bit shorter ? The version that I have is from Red Sun . It is full screened but the movie has a very good picture and the full screened seriously does not even affect anything!SO OVERALL A VERY WEIRD MOVIE AND YEAH JUST VERY WEIRD . BUT DEFINITELY FOR ANY JET LI FAN , SO PLEASE TAKE YOUR TIME TO SEEK THIS OUT AND DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION , CAUSE IT SI NOTHING BUT BAD REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the sountrack to this is the freaking shiznit .
 Some of you people are so dumb ! Just because it not realistic Martial Arts you get mad and say the movie is dumb !!! well i really like Jet Li and Wong jing 's work . it 's no difference then that dumb Star Wars which is also fantasy , why ca n't he have fantasy movies , and the Matrix -LRB- which uses the same effects -RRB- and that Revees guy has know skill at all . If you have any kind of imagination , and you like action and Shoilin myths . Pick up any jet li flick , and if wong jing is the director the get it !!!!!!
 This film is what I beleive to be the greatest Once Upon a Time in China entry by far . Matched only by top films such as Iron Monkey and Twin Warriors , this one is a must see for martial arts fans . The scene where Jet Li is dressed as a rooster is actually really cool and it leads to a wicked end battle which stands as one of the greatest fight sequences in cinematic history . If you 're a kung fu enthusiast , buy this film immediatley you will not regret it .
 `` Orphans '' is one of the best Scottish films in the last few years . More accessible than the likes of `` My Name Is Joe '' , this film has a very dark streak of humour running through it . Dark , bitter but very very funny.Essentially the tale of three brothers dealing with the death of their mother & the organising of her funeral , it 's really about how the brothers relate to each other & relate to the death of the one bond they shared.Highly reccomended .
 Peter Mullan 's debut film as writer/director ... looks , at first sight , highly unpromising.It 's about four Scottish siblings between late teens and late thirties dealing with the death of their mother . Okay , if you happen to be a fan of , say , Kieslowski , you may perk up at this point , but this is not that sort of film . Like `` Three Colours
 This is a wonderful movie , and to think it is a debut film . Man . I had seen `` The Magdalene Sisters '' twice , and loved it so much that I looked up the director , found this movie , and ordered it on Netflix . It startsoff sort of slow , but gathers speed and intensity , and winds up a home run . This writer/director shouldbe working . His NOT working robs me of pleasure . Mr. Mullan , if ever you check these things -LRB- and I knowfamous people sometimes do -RRB- , for the love of God get off your rump and get to work . If you drink stop . Ifyou drug it , stop . If you 're just plain lazy , get some gumption . If you 've been this good on your first twofilms , you could be a world-beater . Get back to work . Please . -LRB- And the actors are great , down to the tiniest part . Just dynamite stuff all around -RRB- .
 As the plot line flows dark and humourous , the Glasgow experience really shines through a variety of charachters and locations visited in this film . A multi-faceted city , this movie expresses both the ridiculous and the beautiful of Glasgow . I also recommend Rat Catcher as a counterpoint to Orphans .
 Dad 's long dead and mum just died . The three sons and their wheelchair bound sister need to get her into the ground . Sounds straightforward enough , but events that transpire at the pub after the wake send everything whirling into a tailspin and , things get so out of control , one wonders if they 'll ever get back on track.Many have noted this as a dark comedy . True enough , but it 's so dark , I 'm thinking one needs to create a new category of film . Yes . Some of the things that happen here are darkly funny , but others are just plain dark . This is way off beat but not at all out of the realm of believability . Most of it lies in how the characters treat one another , and how , what they might do to each other in one scene has nothing to do with how they might treat each other in the next . In one scene a family is taking in the wheelchair bound sister . They luckily have a ramp in their complex which was built for their elderly neighbor . Said neighbor scolds them and says they can not use `` her ramp . '' They tell her to bugger off and use it anyway . Later that night a storm hits , knocks out the power and said neighbor needs to go to them for refuge . They accept her with no questions asked . I somehow do n't see that happening with most people.There are so many odd things happening here you simply have to see it to believe it . Each of the sons -LRB- and their sister -RRB- embark on these Odysseys that put them through emotional wringers and bring each of them to the brink . The story has an arc as do each of the characters . One of the joys for the viewer is to see where each of them ends up.This is an excellent film . The writing is good . The characters are good . Thankfully , the producers saw fit to subtitle it . As it is a Scottish film , the brogue is so thick I would have been lost without them . The only drawback is that I wish it had been shot a bit better . It 's a minor complaint given the overall quality of the proceedings . So , if you like offbeat , dark comedies , you 'd be hard pressed to do better than this .
 This movie makes great audio . I ca n't wait for Scottish Independence so we can see kilts in the Olympic Games Opening Ceremony parade . But until then , England should include a Scottish audio option on all their movies and television program -LRB- me -RRB- s . This movie comes with English subtitles . The first part is reminiscent of After Hours and the ending is a peaceful one .
 I loved this movie . I love the way the characters are followed , each alone , throughout the movie . Some of the scenes I had to rewind over and over again , because I laughed my @ss off . The writing style reminded me of Quentin Tarantino , -LRB- in a Scots way -RRB- sick , weird , and funny . Why there are n't more movies made in Scotland is beyond me .
 I did not think I was going to like this film , because the language is coarse and you have to read the subtitles to understand the Scottish accents.But this film shows you what happens when emotions , not intellect , control your behavior . We are taken on an unbelievable roller-coaster ride , where anything that CAN go wrong DOES go wrong ... or does it really?At one point in this movie , I had to hit the pause button , because I could n't stop laughing . And at the end , I could n't stop crying . `` I want my mommy '' has never touched me like it did here.This film is a masterpiece .
 Being a fan of Peter Mullan , I wanted to see this -- I think his first directing effort . It 's hard to take , more than a little over the top -- but in the end , it is incredibly moving and a remarkable work .
 Peter Mullan makes a mighty impressive debut as writer/director of a feature length , here with `` Orphans . '' Wisely eschewing the Hollywood formula Mullan presses onward with the tale of four siblings dealing with the death of their beloved mother , confining almost every minute of screentime into the eve and day of the funeral . The tale veers from the blackest comedy to heart tugging truths about the connectedness of family , of rage and sorrow , fear and rivalry , misplaced feelings , illness and acceptance . It goes to a lot of other places as well.Any film that has a church 's roof ripped and hurling off into a gale force wind , a Madonna crashing from a hit by a motorized wheelchair , a bartender who , literally , takes hostages for petty offenses -LRB- like reading his newspaper -RRB- , a man who sees the positive aspect of nearly being stabbed to death -LRB- hey , if he can convince work authorities it was a work related injury he will be `` compensated '' -RRB- has grabbed my interest . In addition to the quartet of family at the story 's core the film is populated with just enough believable wack-job locals to make the tale seem pretty universal , despite its very Scottish setting.The cast is uniformly excellent , each one believable and crucial to the storytelling . What a gem of a movie this is !
 When I purchased this tape I knew nothing about sewing , only how to thread the machine which my mother actually did for me.But I really wanted to learn how to sew and this video has helped me so much.I learned how to read a pattern which I had thought was impossible , how to lay out the fabric and cut it , and then there is the sewing which she actually shows you at the machine.I really love this tape.It has started me on the wonderful world of sewing.If you really are a green beginner then this tape is for you.I even completed the skirt and it looks great.Highly recommended .
 After reading the reviews on this product I purchased a 2nd hand copy of Level 1 with great reluctance because I was certain I would be bored stiff but I am definitely pleased to share that I found the instruction thorough and well set forth . My husband and 4 children even sat through the entire DVD with me!Truly you would not purchase this for the cinematography or for entertainment quality but it well serves its purpose and that is teaching one to sew and to sew well . I am looking forward to purchasing Levels 2 and 3 next -LRB- though as a bargain shopper I wish I could find 2nd-hand versions for $ 29.99 or less also - LOL -RRB-
 I ca n't Tell you how much I love these videos ! I really love how you took the time to organize selected patterns to go along with each tape , And you give us a nice selection to choose from.I recently viewed tapes 1-4 and they are fabulous.They are Sew good that I just ordered the altering pants Video.I am a teacher and really do appreciate the organization that went into producing something as massive as teaching sewing.I always knew how to sew but I never wore my clothes due to poor fit.Then I lost interest in sewing until I found your wonderful tapes.I especially like how the instructor speaks slowly , every word is towards direction and explanation . No small talk or busy talk.I love how the tapes build on each lesson , and I especially like it when we have to do lessons not covered in the pattern for our sewing bag.WOW ! This is sew great !
 I bought this as a start to teach my grandkids to sew . Did n't read others ' reviews first . Glad I did n't . I watched this DVD last night and although much has been said about the quality of the `` movie '' , I found it to be quite good from a skill progression standpoint . I have been sewing since I was 8 and I 'm now on Social Security . This IS supposed to be for someone who does not know how to sew at all . It met that purpose perfectly IMHO . One reviewer mentioned not being able to see the print on the back of the pattern . All patterns look the same on the back . Knowing what each section was for is the object , not being able to read THAT specific pattern . The one thing I did like , specifically , is that this DVD gives me the chance to view it with the GK and while it is playing , teach them things that I would do differently and why , i.e. wasting so much fabric on the skirt layout comes to mind . I am sorta gagging over the price of these DVDs in the series and may have to resort to looking in the library for the next levels or trying to rent them online . As I said , I 'm on SS .
 No Shame is a recent label which has sought to bring Italian classics to the DVD format . These two films , `` Violent Summer '' and `` Girl With a Suitcase '' , are two of the finest films made by the director Valerio Zurlini , and the transfers are crisp , with good English subtitles . The films are fascinating as studies of young men involved in complex situations , in the former , trying to discern the proper political action during the Fascist regime , in the latter , trying to help a girl abandoned by his older brother . These films are distinguished by exceptional performances and by lovely compositions . For those who enjoy Italian cinema , No Shame has been a wonderful addition to the DVD universe , and this is one of their best packages .
 This film is available on dvd from various publishers . Of the three I have seen , this version is preferable , as it contains two scenes that are absent in the other versions .
 this movie is my fathher ` s history!this movie send for him , I think his agreeable , AMAZON.com , thanks you .
 Girl with a Suitcase
 Sometimes you just get beautiful moments between the characters that take your breath away and it does n't matter what the plot was . That 's what Smallville give us so many times . NOt to say that the plot is unimportant or not interesting ... but those moments ... well ... they are something special . We got one of those at the end of this epi . It was great and one I 'll always remember as special .
 I really enjoyed this episode but it is hard to watch at times . I usually do n't get squeamish with epis that show violence or a lot of blood but this one got to me . Metallo 's new heart is so graphic looking ... it 's actually painful for me to look at it . I watch Bones series all the time which have much more graphic scenes but this one just blew me away . Maybe cuz he 's alive with the contraption replacing his heart . I somehow feel his pain ... Anyway ... a great epi but painful . I also loved Clark 's growing awareness of his feelings for Lois . They way he stands in the shadows as the Blur wanting to reveal his secret to her but holding back is painfully wonderful to watch . This epi actually breaks my heart a little bit because of Clark 's loneliness ... but it also makes me smile because of the final scene between Clark and Lois . When she runs into his arms and hugs him ... yup ... made me smile ... a lot . A great epi ... you got ta see it . There is magic in the storytelling ... but the real magic is between Lois and Clark . It 's electric watching them sometimes . A great pairing of actors in Tom Welling and Erica Durance .
 this product arrived in a timely fashion and in good condition , smalleville season 9 even though started out a little mellodramatic in the first few episodes warms up to become the show i have grown to enjoy . plenty of action and great special effects , could recommend it to anyone
 The product came as ordered but took longer then anticipated to arrive . Said it would be here no later then the 22nd of December and showed up on the 24th .
 Having only watched the first season during its original run , I have practically no frame of reference from which to compare Season 9 . Folks and friends have claimed that Season 9 actually is n't so bad compared to prior seasons , these pals of mine having stated that SMALLVILLE jumped the shark many years ago . Me , I simply was never invested in this version of Clark Kent , and , yeah , Tom Welling 's wooden acting factors in big . A girlfriend once labeled Welling 's acting as `` reserved , '' but let us not talk falsely now . It also does n't sit well that the show is taking its sweet time with Clark 's evolution to the Big Red S. I do think the move to Metropolis was a step forward . I wo n't go into the soap opera content . But Superman 's got no business being in THE O.C.This ninth season revolves around several threads . Major Zod and his troop of fellow Kandorians have descended on Metropolis on a quest to turn Earth 's yellow sun to red so that they could gain otherworldly abilities . The vacuously-named mystery man , the `` Red-Blue Blur , '' continues to protect Metropolis . Chloe Sullivan , who has developed into a darker character , is still trying to get the band together , the band , of course , projected as this reality 's Justice League . Clark Kent and Lois Lane continue their cautious circling around each other . Intimacy is hard to achieve when both parties have built up so many defensive walls . I like what Erica Durance does with her character . Lois is appropriately spunky and obnoxious and vulnerable and lovable . And she never stops talking.What made me check out SMALLVILLE again after so long is the show 's steady increase in featuring DC properties . I glommed onto Season 8 because of the `` Legion '' episode . Season 9 turned my head strictly because of the episode `` Absolute Justice , '' which by the way is gratifyingly excellent . It 's no secret that SMALLVILLE is more an Elseworlds-type reality than a reflection of DC 's ongoing continuity . As such , I do relish the changes invoked regarding these halfway familiar characters . And , as for Clark Kent himself , he 's one step closer to putting on the flashy red and blue tights . If nothing else , that Season 10 is the final season seems to be galvanizing the writers to get a move on already . How much longer will they allow the Red-Blah-Blah to go around gigged out in an uber-lame black trench coat that even Neo thinks is played out?And what 's a show like this without a covert organization mucking things up ? The shadowy agency called Checkmate makes its debut , headed up by the calculating Amanda Waller -LRB- Pam Grier -RRB- and numbering Maxwell Lord as one of its agents . Checkmate is intent on countering some sort of impending alien invasion . It 's pretty decent foreshadowing.I have several favorite episodes from Season 9 , and these all involve SMALLVILLE 's expanding its universe to explore its DC roots . `` Crossfire '' features Green Arrow 's mentoring of soiled dove/cage fighter Mia Dearden -LRB- readers of Green Arrow 's comic book know her as `` Speedy '' -RRB- . `` Idol '' introduces the Wonder Twins , and I grinned real big when the twins bumped fists and said
 My daughter and I have been watching all the seasons together . After season 8 , we were feeling done with the series but could n't quite let go . Are we ever glad we did n't ! This was an action packed season and we thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I will be very sad when this goes off the air because then I will not know what to get by boyfriend for Christmas . Very nicely packaged . Delivered fast .
 thank you for the video . it was in great shape . I have n't viewed it yet , as it is my son 's christmas gift and he wo n't be here till next weekend .
 I bought it without knowing if it has PT-BR subtitles but how glad I am that I bought it!It really has PT-BR for everything even extras and the packing is much better than the brazillian version of this box ! No further comments ! Great acquistion !
 My order arrived VERY quickly and in excellent shape . I would n't hesitate to order from this person again . Thank you !!!
 My daughter can reecite dialog from the first eight seasons , so this was an easy choice . Only one year to go . No idea who may be her next passion .
 I bought this for my husband who is a big fan . He always liked this show . He was happy I gave it to him .
 This show lasted for 10 seasons ! It was a little silly , but I believe that was intentional . Tom Welling will forever be my favorite Superman ! He 's the perfect choice . The package arrived on time and in good condition .
 Good while it lasted . This show was a good show to the end . I wish we could still see the stars on other movies .
 Smallville needs to come back even if it is superman the early years . Tom Welling will always be my favorite Superman .
 I love Smallville . I 'm a huge Superman nerd and when I stumbled across Smallville , I was hooked from day one .
 Buy all seasons for $ 9.99 each and save about $ 50 compared to buying the &#34; complete collection &#34; . Just search each season and look for the $ 9.99 version . It 's the same as the complete collections , but cheaper .
 If there was a season that was the Superman season , it was clearly this season . Clark wears a black suit with the symbol , works at the Daily Planet , trains at the Fortress of Solitude , leads the Justice League of America , and confronts his Kryptonian heritage in the form of the Kryptonian Clone Soldiers , led by Zod before he was a General . Then you have the debut of the Justice Society of America and Checkmate , who are introduced in the highlighted Smallville movie called Absolute Justice , written by Geoff Johns who wrote the 8th season episode , Legion . It clearly blows away the 6th season episode , Justice . There are a couple of featurettes - one focusing on Zod and the other on the Justice Society of America . This is a set to have , along with seasons 8 and 10 , because they lead into the Superman mythos .
 It 's hard to believe that this show has gone on for 9 years , but the writing and the acting just keep getting better . Just like the last season , Clark Kent is one step closer to his destiny as Superman . The big overarching plot this season was the threat of the Kandorians , led by Major Zod . Smallville fans will recognize the name , if not the rank , of the big bad guy . That 's because he 's a clone of the evil traitor who tried to overthrow Krypton around the time Kal-El -LRB- Clark -RRB- was born . So he 's going to be the worst villian in Kryptonian history , maybe . It 's the reoccuring Smallville theme of destiny and fate . If you are destined to do something , do you do it or make your own destiny ? Clark has been told since season 1 that he is destined to be this great hero and champion and symbol of hope . Most of the main plots of every season are about Clark finding out about his destiny and what he does to either embrace it or fight against it . So it is with the bad guys . Lex Luthor is destined to be Superman 's arch-enemy . So even though we saw 5-6 seasons of Lex trying to overcome his dark nature and maintain some kind of friendship with Clark , we knew he was eventually going to be bad . Same with Davis Bloome , aka Doomsday . He was trying to fight his nature of being the ultimate destroyer . But ultimately , he , too , had to succomb to his destiny . In this season , it is Zod . This `` Major Zod '' has not made all the bad choices that `` General Zod '' did back on Krypton . But we know what he is to become . Will he make the same choices or will he change his fate?The main highlights for me were the so-called `` filler '' episodes that focused more on Lois and Clark 's budding relationship than on the threat of the Kandorians . What I like about the writing is the continual shout-outs to fans of Superman , comics , and TV/Movies . Like the `` Resident Evil '' episode -LRB- # 3 Rabid -RRB- , the `` What a Woman Wants '' episode -LRB- # 4 Echo -RRB- , `` the Game '' episode -LRB- # 5 Roulette -RRB- , the `` He said/She said '' episode -LRB- # 6 Crossfire -RRB- , and the `` Big '' episode -LRB- # 12 Warrior -RRB- . For comic book fans , they converted an old Hawkeye story for Green Arrow -LRB- # 10 Disciple -RRB- and brought Metallo , Silver Banshee , and the JSA all into the Smallville story.Something must be said about the black costume . Clark has embraced his heroic destiny by saving people , just not openly . So he is no longer the `` Red-Blue Blur '' , just `` the Blur '' . The Black costume represents his keeping to the shadows . When he finally reveals himself to the world as `` Superman '' , he will likely change his costume into the red , blue , and gold costume we are familiar with . He 's close , but not quite there yet.As with any long running show , there are elements that some people do n't like . Some people dislike the unique elements where Smallville differs from regular Superman lore . They want the show to move faster towards the classic tales that we know and love . Others dislike rehashing the old Superman mythos and want Smallville to remain true to the unique stories they created and not cave to pressure to become `` the Adventures of Superman '' or `` Lois and Clark '' . I think Season 9 balances those two viewpoints well . Fans of the show will enjoy most , if not all of it . And if you have n't watched Smallville before , go back and watch all previous 8 seasons . It is well-worth the investment of time and money .
 I am ECSTATIC that Smallville has been renewed for Season 10 ! Not only is it good entertainment , but it 's a refreshing diversion from all the murder/mystery solving cop shows and vampire shows we have been inundated with -LRB- excluding The Mentalist -RRB- of course . : -RRB- I have all seasons of Smallville on DVD and really enjoy watching it again and again from Episode 1 . There 's great chemistry between Clark and Lois . . Clark gets to let his guard down and be real , and Lois ... well , Erica Durance is the PERFECT choice for Lois ... she cracks me up ! It 's just fun watching them together . Chloe and Oliver have great chemistry , as well . . I 'm liking it . : -RRB- You know , whether or not Clark wears the tights and red cape and flies is really up to the writers , and I have read somewhere that if and when this happens , it will be at the end of Season 10 ... ca n't wait !! Tom Welling , is the PERFECT Clark Kent ... he 's big and strong , and has the perfect looks ... actually , he 's one of the most beautiful men to ever walk the earth.I hate that the bashers , with 1 star ratings , have brought Smallville 's ratings down ... it 's an AMAZING show with absolutely AMAZING actors ... ZOD , TESS , OLIVER , LEX , LIONEL , MARTHA , JOHN ... I could go on and on.As I said , I ca n't WAIT for Season 10 . A lot of characters will be returning and lot 's of good -LRB- and bad -RRB- things happening ... it should be good , fun entertainment , and well deserving of a 5-Star rating !
 Season Review : After quite probably the most disappointing finale of the series -LRB- `` Doomsday '' -RRB- Fans and especially myself , wondered where the series would go from here . Season 8 showed a lot of quality and promirise , ultimately ending in mediocrity . Thankfully with `` Savior '' , the writers picked up the series after another slump and fans quickly realized we might be in for an awesome season and was it ever . With Season 8 being a light-hearted , hopeful season , Season 9 explored Clark taking a darker turn as Metropolis ' protector . Ditching the red and blue and simply be called `` The Blur '' , we saw a more proactive and driven Clark then we 've ever seen before . Not to mention , he made himself a costume and while most will agure about it 's Matrix/the Punisher knock-off appeal , the fact that Clark was finally wearing the House of El symbol on his chest showed a significant amount of growth and change in the character . Not to mention , it 's just epic!With Lana Lang days officially behind us -LRB- thank God ! -RRB- , Clark 's relationship with Lois as well as Lois herself were given much more development this season than previous . While we got some great Clois interaction in Season 8 , Season 9 finally saw the iconic duo in a relationship and luckily , the witty banter and amazing chemistry between Tom Welling and Erica Durance never waivered nor weakened because of it . If anything , it made their relationship more mature , complex and a lot more interesting than Clark and Lana 's tiresome back and forth romance . It was great having Lois officially claiming her spot as Superman 's leading lady as well as having her be the center of the story arc for a good portion of the season . During the first half , Lois returns with horrifying visions from being sent to the future and everyone is curious to see just what exactly the future holds , especially a worried Clark who was told by Alia , a kryptonian assassin from the future , that he would destory the world . It 's an intriguing and exciting storyline that ultimately ends in the rather average futuristic epic `` Pandora '' . While the visuals are strong , the conclusion of this part of the season 's arc was lacking in execution and only added to some irritating plotholes.The return of Zod , while had most dreading his re-appearence , soon had everyone picked in interest again after Callum Blue 's commanding performance as the future villain in the premiere . Callum really brought a lot of passion and presence to the role that has n't been seen in a villain since the Lex/Lionel days . Watching this Major Zod develop into the villain we knew from Superman II was fun to watch as well as Zod 's nemesis interplay with Tess . Cassidy Freedman returns as villainess heiress to the Luthor dynasty and this time her motives are more blurry than before . Tess spends most of the season playing both sides , which was entertaining in some episodes and just plain annoying in others . Nevertheless , the inconsistency of writing for the character was made up by Cassidy 's solid performances . Justin Hartley returns as Oliver Queen/Green Arrow , this time more emo than last season 's first half . While Hartley does well with the material , the first few episodes watching Oliver 's depression quickly grow tired and repetitive . The dark oliver arc concludes in the ridiculously concieved `` Roulette '' yet only to be brought back in yet `` been there , done that '' episode , `` Disciple '' . Oliver also in the wake of his new awakening takes up in apprentice in Mia Dearden aka Speedy # 2 . While Mia is a decent enough character , she is ultimately underused and underwritten in the episodes she appears in -LRB- `` Crossfire '' and `` Disciple '' -RRB- Other weak links in the season was the cartoony and embarassing episode `` Warrior '' which puts a Captain Marvel spin on the Warrior Angel comics of the series and tells a laugable tale with Chloe pratically hitting on a 12 year old boy turned cheesy superhero . Speaking of Chloe , she is the weakest aspect of the season in my opnion . Clark and Chloe developed some animosity between them during the season after the events of Season 8 's finale , but it only further to make Chloe look bad because of it . Here actions at the end of last season left her with no consequences and it seems she was on a mission to gain a God complex with Watchtower , the new superhero operation developed by Chloe where heroes can call home as well as use it 's technology to save the day , but Chloe only uses it for her personal motives to keep a watchful eye on everyone around her and gains a slef-righteous side where she does n't trust Clark 's decisions anymore . It 's far cry from the Chloe we knew and loved from Season 5-7 and I could n't mostly anything she did this season.But Season 9 , despite all that , gave some of the best batch of Smallville episodes , storytelling , guest stars and developments in years . We 're given an excellent villain birth in `` Metallo '' , which tells the gruesome story of how John Corben became the kryptonite powered cyborg . Sarah Conner Chronicles/Beverly Hills 90210 's Brian Austin Green is fantastic as Corben and is one of the series ' most memorable villains . He returns with an even stronger performance in `` Upgrade '' , if only the episode was a worthy sequel . Unlike the Doomsday arc which started off well and ended in contrivance , The Zod/Kandorians arc build at a steady pace , with some new development bringing a new twist to the storyline . Not to mention in the heroic and daring season 9 ender , `` Salvation '' all the season 's arc conclude in a classic Smallville fashion including an iconic flashfoward , tremendous character development , amazing visuals , suspenseful cliffhangers and this time , a truly epic fight between Clark and Zod . Other memorable episodes are the terrific horror romance `` Rabid '' , the Toyman sequel `` Echo '' , the legendary kiss we 've been waiting for in the lovely `` Crossfire '' , Julian Sands gives a tour de force performance as Jor-El in the spectacular `` Kandor '' , the Superman inspired `` Idol '' , The stylized , action packed `` Checkmate '' , the heartbreaking Lois and Clark episode `` Charade '' , the suspensful , plot thickening `` Sacrifice '' , Annette O Toole and Michael McKean return as Martha Kent and Perry White in the heartwarming back to basics -LRB- ish -RRB- episode `` Hostage '' and I ca n't forget to mention the 2 part movie event `` Absolute Justice '' , which features the introduction of the Justice Society of America . It 's a comic book epic like never before and utilizes the core cast of the series as well as it 's guest stars Michael Shanks -LRB- Cart Hall/Hawkman -RRB- , Britt Irvin -LRB- Courtney Whitmore/Stargirl -RRB- and Brent Strait -LRB- Kent Nelson/Dr . Fate -RRB- each breathed life into their respected chaarcters . We were also introduced to the villainous organization , Checkmate , lead by Amanda Waller , played by 70s icon Pan Grier . It was an good storyline left open ended toward the end of the season and hopefully we 'll see more of Pam 's diva -LRB- ish -RRB- take of the infamous comic book villainess and her governement empire.Season 9 is , in my opinion , the strongest season since the early years . We got more plot development from Clark , a better version of Zod , much more Superman inspired moments/dialogue and a stunning conclusion that left many fans anticipating the 10th and final season -LRB- which has just begun , `` Lazarus '' was great ! -RRB- Rating-8 .5 / 10Video and Audio : All 21 Season 9 episodes are presented in HD widescreen and the episodes looked so good , it felt like I was watching new episodes all over again ! The audio was also great.Rating-8 .5 / 10Extras : More effort was put into the special featurettes . We have two documentaries on Zod and Absolute Justice . Both were very in-depth , with great info on the characters comic book history and what they mean to the comics and the legend of Superman . Although , the commentaries were average , with Callum Blue giving decent commentary on ` Kandor '' and Erica Druance is pretty hilarious during the `` Idol '' commentary , but I would have loved a commentary on `` Hostage '' by Anette O Toole and Michael McKean and especially commentary by Greg Beeman and Tom Welling on `` Salvation '' . But I guess not , sigh . Also the deleted scenes are worst then useless . All of them are worthless except for the ones for `` Conspiracy '' . Rating-7 .5 / 10Overall Rating
 Smallville has been a wonderful , iconic show , and I will miss it when it 's gone . I 'm sure Tom Welling would like to do other roles , though , and it will be interesting to watch his career.Season 9 found it 's stride again after a less than stellar season 8 . There were a few plot points I did n't understand , though . They never explained WHY the yellow sun did not affect Zod and crew the way it does Clark , and why the red sun would give them powers and take away Clark 's . Maybe I just missed the reasoning , and I 'll catch it whan I see the DVD.The Clark/Lois romance heats up in this season , and that 's been fun . Lois , played beautifully by Erica Durance , begins to come into her own as a reporter , and as a woman . She wants a guy who is her own personal hero , but she 's still distracted by the Blur.I was n't crazy about the casing of the Zod character -LRB- apparently all Kryptonians have British accents and overact -RRB- , but it was an interesting story line.And , true to form , the season ends in a big huge cliffhanger ... I 've been worried about Clark all summer ... = -RRB- I hope this DVD set has more in the way of commentaries and extra features , esp gag reels , than some of the more recent seasons have had . That 's my main reason for purchasing them , after all.KesterGayle
 I 've watched Smallville since the beginning . I 'm really glad there 's going to be a 10th season , but I hope there will be more.The Lana drama is over since last season -LRB- two season to late -RRB- . I really feel that she dragged the show down after a certain point , as her story became more about the men she dated and the drama associated with them.For me the show took on a new life , a fresher one this season . The Lois and Clark drama finally took full swing this season , something long awaited since season 4 . All of the allusions to the comics are great . This is the show that led me into the rabbit hole of DC comics . I 've seen nearly every single Superhero movie out there now . And I 've read a good many comics starting at Identity Crisis.I hoped they would show more of the Justice League , and loved the Absolute Justice story line this season . The acting is fantastic . Such a great cast fueled this season , and I 'm glad they 're mostly coming back .
 Here I 'm 63 years old and this show is my only big favorite will have all 10 seasons . . Jumped off porches with a towel around my neck playing Superman when I was a kid.So now I know how it all came about . lol
 I have to say I have very much enjoyed watching , `` Smallville Season 9 '' . I hope that it continues into season 10 . When are we ever going to see Clark become `` Superman '' and of course fly ? From what I understand , Tom Welling will stay forever on the ground and never fly . I could be wrong . I have enjoyed watching the show from the beginning and will continue to watch it . I have every season and will of course buy Season 9 when it becomes available.The characters this season have honestly fired up the season . The growing romance between Clark and Lois is getting much better . Keep it up . I will watch this show and continue to watch it even after it is gone . I hope it stays on for a long time to come .
 &#34; Smallville &#34; is one of my favorite shows to watch , and for 10 years , it is a show loaded with lessons and trials for one man to endure and to learn before becoming a symbol of hope for mankind . It 's a show based on the well-famous comic book character , Superman , and it is a background to that man that we have come to love and look up to . Throughout the years , I would see aspects of myself in this boy as he 'd go through many experiences and learning something from them , on the road to becoming a &#34; man . &#34; It is such an extraordinary series . I am also grateful for an introduction of Chloe Sullivan character to the DC Universe as she has provided such a powerful personality to Clark 's inner circle.Now , the Ninth Season of &#34; Smallvile &#34; is considered to be a &#34; darkest &#34; aspect of the entire show where Clark began avoiding everyone that he ever cared about and trying to embrace his Kryptonian side -LRB- based on guilt -RRB- , but he have n't fully comprehend the utmost importance of his connection with humanity . He began with &#34; There is no Clark Kent &#34; notion and became so one-sided to his personality , and he 'd lose himself in that . It is obsessive , a single-minded way of dealing with things . He indeed is fooling himself . But , Lois has come back -LRB- from the future -RRB- and suddenly she is n't able to escape Clark 's mind as his connection to her is so strong . In a way , she pulls him back to humanity . This season revealed another conflict within Clark and that is a struggle between being human and being Kryptonian . Zod , a clone of the real Zod , is a regular villain for this season and have an agenda for himself of being an egoistic tyrant . Also , Oliver Queen is struggling with his own personal demons and a drastic measure was taken to pull him back from the abyss . Jor-El returns in a human form , no longer a voice in the ice castle ... even for a short while . A glimpse of a worse future when Zod ruled the world is revealed . A team of legendary Justice Society of America make their appearances . An introduction of a dangerous organization called &#34; Checkmate &#34; is demonstrated . And , evidently , the relationship between Clark and Lois will take its fruit.Clark 's costume reflects this season as a hero who &#34; must &#34; remain in the shadows . It is black on black with a white &#34; S &#34; symbol on his chest . This could reflect a &#34; black-and-white &#34; thinking in Clark 's mind and an inner conflict between human and Kryptonian sides -LRB- interesting how that reflects to the outer world
 Having watched this series faithfully since it began over 10 years ago , I was pleasantly surprised when they announced following Season 8 that Tom Welling had signed a contract to star and help produce Smallville for another 2 seasons . While the eighth season had its high points such as Geoff John 's excellent `` Legion '' episode , they seemed off-balance without Michael Rosenbaum -LRB- Lex Luthor -RRB- and some of the episodes were less than memorable . So while I rejoiced that the show had been given a `` new lease on life '' I wondered , `` What will they do next ? `` I need n't have worried
 Hi . I have been a loyal S/M fan since Season one and beyond . I hav n't seen any of season 9 episodes of Smallvile yet this year . And I 've been dieing to watch . So Badly ... I wait and buy the Season Dvd 's when they first come out . And then watch the episodes one after the other until the season 's finished . I remember reading something somewhere that they Made a TV movie as part of the season 9 series of Smallville . Was it just one made for Tv movie . Or was it Two made for Tv movies or just one ? And will they include them in The Season 9 dvd set as a packaged deal?Thanks , ~ KEN ~
 smallville is one of the best shows i watch so far i have all the season
 I have to say , by the end of season 8 I had no faith that the writers of Smallville could do better . They proved me wrong . This is quite litterally the best season of Smallville so far , and it takes a lot of talent to take a show that 's been running for almost 10 years and make it fresh and wildly entertaining again . This season stayed focused on its main and sub plot points -LRB- there were several of them , and they were spread out very evenly throughout the season -RRB- better than any of the other season ever had , and really did not touch much on the obscure , `` what the heck does this have to do with anything '' side stories they tend to throw in . Do n't get me wrong , they are fun every now and again , but in the past the writers would go a little overkill on random story after random story , only throwing in nuggets of lore to keep the main plot running , and really only be focused on the first two and last two episodes of the season , and that would get really annoying , really fast.In any case , if you 're a Smallville fan that does n't watch the show regularly -LRB- I have too many obligations to dedicate time for watching TV shows -RRB- , and you buy the season sets like I do to catch up , this one is a definite buy . If you have lost faith in the show years ago thanks to its so-so writing , this is the time to get back into it . The show is wrapping up , and it seems they plan on going out with a bang for the last two seasons of the show.This show will be sorely missed when it is gone , however I am really looking forward to Season 10 !
 As a smallville fan , i find this DVD box set excellent , but i would like in the fuiture to find more episodes commented by the actors or the crew , and what happend with the webisodes that use to have smallville , like the chloe chronicles , or somethings like that .
 If you like Smallville , Then this Season will not disappoint . Carrying on from Season 8 , and getting ever closer to wearing the good ol' red and blue . If you like the sappy part of it , you wont be disappointed either , the romances with Louis and Clark keeps growing as does Chloe and Oliver 's new found love.Being a comic nerd , i enjoyed the hell out of seeing some characters from d.c. showing up here and there as well .
 Season Nine of Smallville continued to expand its universe and mythology with its most ambitious season yet . This season introduced `` Major Zod '' -LRB- Callum Blue -RRB- as he and the rest of the Kandorian survivors are freed by Tess Mercer , but without their Kryptonian powers . The season also featured appearances by Metallo -LRB- Brian Austin Green -RRB- , the Wonder Twins , The Silver Banshee , Checkmate , The Suicide Squad , Maxwell Lord and Amanda Waller -LRB- Pam Grier -RRB- , and , in a two-part episode , The Justice Society of America!The Zod/Kandorian was the main storyline throughout the year as Zod sought to gain his powers while trying first to ally with Clark , then using duplicity and coercion on Lois and the other Kandorians to convince them that Clark is their enemy . Clark and Lois have seen visions of the future with the world under Zod 's control and intend to use the Book of Rao to send Zod and the other Kryptonians off Earth and to their own world.The Checkmate storyline was the most interesting aspect to Season Nine because it largely came out of left field . Checkmate was introduced during the `` Absolute Justice '' episode with Amanda Waller dubbed the White Queen . Icicle , an agent of Checkmate kills the Star Spangled Kid and Wesley Dodds , AKA The Sandman . Clark and Chloe discover old documents in the Daily Planet archives about a group of men
 I have n't finished the season but as far as the product is concerned its just what I expected . The menus are easy and straight forward with full ability to navigate episodes and chapters containing extra features as well.Enjoy
 Smallville is the most perfectly intact story of superman ever . Season nine really brings clark to the point of excepting his heritage . I feel this season will bring the kid out of any superman fans .
 First off , I want to let it be known that this review will reflect season 9 and not the discs that the show is formatted on . So with that out of way , let 's start shall we?The past nine seasons of Smallville have certainly been a wild ride . Never before has a show managed to stir up so many emotions within myself . For every moment of pure happiness and sadness , there were just as many emotions that dwelled in the realm of utter distaste -LRB- read my previous reviews if your so inclined to know what those reasons might be -RRB- . I had little hope of this show rejuvenating my interest in the ninth season . Over the past eight seasons Clark has managed to defeat the likes of Braniac -LRB- twice -RRB- , Lord Zod , Bizzaro , and Doomsday . Keep in mind that Clark won all these battles while not only living in Smallville , but he still has n't reached his full potential -LRB- in other words , you still ca n't call the guy Superman -RRB- . Speaking of Smallville , I find it rather unusual that every character with the exception of Clark has managed to move on . It 's even stranger when you consider that not only is he working alongside Lois Lane at the Daily Planet , but he 's been seeing Lois as well -LRB- yes you read that right , Lois and Clark are DATING ! -RRB- . The season eight finale revealed that Lord Zod would once again be entering the realm of Smallville . After already having a feeling of `` been there done that '' established , and Clark being fully capable of handling all threats in Metropolis from the confines of the farm house , it leaves little hope for any originality in what is essentially now Smallville 's twilight years . I 've never been more happy to be proven wrong.The Lord Zod that emerges is actually a clone , and while that would certainly seem like a cheesy gimmick , fortunately he 's not alone . A decent size of the Kandorian army were cloned as well , including Jor-El , Clark 's biological father . I was amused by this , but I still did n't know if this would lead to anything meaningful . Thankfully this choice allowed Clark to grow as an individual and become more independent . Because despite being clones , this meant that Clark was no longer the last remaining Kryptonian . He learned first hand that Kryptonians were indeed a civil race , and that Jor-El was n't the bad guy he perceived him to be . But every race has it 's share of good and bad alike , and despite giving it his all , Clark learns that sometimes you just ca n't alter destiny . Because in a rather interesting twist , we learn early on that Zod was cloned back when he still had a defining rank of major . This gave the writers a chance to get inside Zod 's head and show that despite being a clone , he will ultimately end up making the same choices that will lead him down the same path as the original Zod.Naturally there ends up being a divide amongst the Kandorians as to whom they should be following . Do they follow their commanding officer , or the true last remaining Kryptonian ? Zod attempts his best to sway their loyalty by promising that he will find a way to activate their abilities , because for reasons unknown to them , they arrived on earth without the same powers that Clark possesses . And Zod will stop at nothing to see this come to fruition . After all , the only thing powerful men crave is more power.Sprinkled throughout this season were episodes that highlighted special appearances from staple DC characters . The two hour Justice Society episode was particularly special for those familiar with the DC universe . The introduction of Metallo however was strangely unusual . Here you have a character that is infamously known as one of Superman 's rivals , yet they portray him as a misunderstood individual with a heart of gold . As quick as the writers were to write off every `` meteor freak '' as nothing more than a villain , I 'm surprised at the path they took with Metallo.What I loved best about this season was that it stayed focused on one goal . No longer were there episodes detracting from the plot line that had been driving this season . Never before has Clark been more focused on fulfilling his destiny . Here 's hoping the writers can manage wrap up this alternate take on Superman in a way that is not only logical , but meaningful .
 This season has been the best season yet in the entire series - any missteps they had were nothing compared to past episodes in other seasons . The writers really stepped up their game this season . I think the best change this season was the upped episode count for Erica Durance , who has incredible chemistry with Tom Welling . Together they make the best interpretation of not only the Clark and Lois relationship but the Triangle for two.Zod is a compelling villain who , unlike the less than satisfying Davis Bloom , actually has a lot to do with Clark . The Kryptonian storyline of the season is n't as interesting as the future or Clark/Lois plots , but it does add a nice contrast of light and dark to the season.Another right step was reducing Allison Mack 's screen time , who 's character has brought down the show for quite a while now and really just does n't have a place in the series . I 'd say her characterization is the only huge misstep this season . Allison has been playing her with a huge ego - thinking she 's better than Clark and anyone else , she 's written as someone who 's just using Oliver for sex , and never apologizes for any of her mistakes which are all much bigger than any of Clark 's -LRB- someone who does apologize -RRB- and yet she 's called a ` superhero ' and others are pushed to the sidelines to prep her up.Despite some mistakes , this season has definitely been the most entertaining and fascinating . With episodes such as Metallo , Rabid , Kandor , Idol , Absolute Justice , Upgrade and Charade , and highlights like the return of Martha Kent and Perry White , the wonderfully talented guest star Brian Austen Green as Metallo , the Justice society coming to town , Lois and Clark finally getting together , Clark wearing a costume and dealing with his dual identities and Clark meeting Jor-El in person . Wonderful writing , beautiful acting , and interesting plots . This season get 's 5 stars from me .
 I just got done watching the season finale and I must say , `` WOW ! '' Season 9 kicked butt and I 'm sad that it is over . :-LRB- So ready for SEASON 10 ... is it fall yet ? : -RRB-
 Product performance was exceptional . Received package via US mail earlier than expected . Looking forward to ordering additional items from this supplier .
 Im a huge Smallville fan ever since the first season although I think the season is good and has a good story I miss some of the older characters . But other than that worth the money !!
 smallville is one of my favorite shows , so i ca n't say nothing negative about it . . at least of the top of my head lol . the product came onetime , if i remember correctly i think i did the one-day delivery . . so that was good .
 Smallville is for me the best possible show on the tv/dvd/blu-ray . Enjoyable to watch for whole family even for kids , but then again , i think you all know the Supermen story but this is in younger age . Very fun to watch , recommend to all . Amazon package +10 .
 Watched the whole season and it was pretty good , but the Zod character was kinda boring , he was lacking in umm `` star power '' in the season I guess . There were no problems with the viewing of each discs .
 This season was awesome . Could n't wait to get it home on DVD . Amazon was cheaper and faster than any other website I searched ! Great Quality ! THANK YOU !!
 Season nine of Smallville was very exciting to watch on the CW and even more exciting to re-watch on this DVD set . Smallville has always been an excellent show giving a fresh take on the Superman mythology and season nine has only added to that rich legacy . The DVD set has interesting features and numerous deleted scenes which are always interesting to watch to see what did n't make it to air . However , as much as I love this DVD set of Smallville , there is one thing missing -- and has been missing from most of the previous seasons ' DVD sets -- interviews with the show 's main star , Tom Welling . Hopefully , with the Smallville Season Ten DVD set there will be plenty of features and interviews with Tom to celebrate the show 's final season . Smallville Season 9 DVD set is well-worth adding to one 's dvd collection .
 Smallville is simply the best television show . It is really saddening to think that season 10 is the last . However it looks like they are going out with a bang . Season 9 was simply amazing . Its story line was amazing and the graphics took a leap towards the sky as well !
 Being the second last season for this long-running show , the story just continues to build to the ultimate climax to come . Season 10 will be an automatic buy when it becomes available .
 A friend put me on to Smallville just a year or two ago . Since that time , I 've been racing ` faster than a speeding bullet ' to get caught up . Season Nine is just packed with all kinds of Superhero goodness . Many of my favorite episodes are right in the middle of the season , but its a strong outing for Smallville from start to finish.Old school DC fans who grew up on the Superfriends will no doubt enjoy IDOL where Wonder Twins Zan and Jayna show up in Metropolis . The episode 's 21st Century spin , with cell phones and Facebook , pays homage to the characters while updating them nicely . WARRIOR was also a great installment , giving a nod to many fans who head out to the local convention scene . My highlight of the season - and I ca n't believe I am alone - is ABSOLUTE JUSTICE . Clark , Ollie , and The Manhunter team , up with Hawkman , Stargirl , and some old school heroes to defend Metropolis from a new threat . This two hour movie was great the first time around and really stands up to multiple viewings.Its hard to believe that , as I write this , these characters are in their tenth and final season . We 've come along way from Smallville High . The characters have really stretched and grown and there have been many notable additions and guest stars . This season is easily one of my favorites along withSmallville - The Complete Seventh Season , which brought Supergirl full-force into the Smallville universe . Do yourself a favor , and pick it up today .
 Yet another great season for Smallville . I just love the plot line in this season . Absolute delight to see how writers get new ideas and makes story interesting and run deep.Without spoiling too much whole season concentrates on Clark 's kryptonian brothers and sisters , who are lead by Zod.Episode Absolute justice was the best one in this season . Showing that Clark would not need to carry weight of the world by himself . Episode shows that Clark isnt only hero in the world and it has running time 120 min.Havent had chance to watch what kind of extras in this season has , but what I have gathered previous seasons I think I wont be disappointed .
 Delivery was faster than expected . The Smallville series is a favorite of my husband-he has all of the seasons and enjoys watching them frequently.Amazon 's service is always excellent-I use its services a number of times a year and have never been disappointed .
 I received this complete 9th season of Smallville as a sealed package . Thanks for the quick delivery .
 One of the better seasons of Smallville . I hope the final season will be better than season 9 .
 I love the series . Sorry to see it end , but if season 10 is as good as 1 to 9 , it should be great .
 Great season and even better in Blu-ray . Must have for the ultimate Smallville fan and someone who is buying/collecting all of the seasons of Smallville .
 Great actors , fun storyline , Oliver and Chloe as a new couple -LRB- yay :-RRB- -RRB- and my favourite one - Clark and Lois whose relationship slowly progresses to something more!Can ' t wait for season 10 ! : -RRB-
 There were only a couple of special scenes between Lois and Clark in this episode but they really stand out as they begin that journey of `` dating '' . I really enjoy seeing how Clark has matured by this point . His confidence with Lois is like a breath of fresh air compared to how he was with Lana . I know ... he and Lana had a special relationship , especially in this series . It was full of love , anger , distrust , lots of angst and sorrow ... which is great drama . But , I love this confident Clark who `` knew '' that there was something special between he and Lois . Finally owning up to it and growing into is great to see . The way he looks at Lois in the opening scene ... is breathtaking . And Lois ... contrary to her usual self ... is scared which in its own way is refreshing because you know how much this means to her . And when she tells him ... you 're the one I want to get it right with ... gosh that says a lot . I love this series because of the romance just as much as the mystery and action in it . What guy does n't want to hear , especially when they have the character of Clark , you 're the one I want to get it right with . LOL ... its a fun series .
 Other reviewers have already noted the key points of the season , so I 'll just address a few things . I 'll preface my review by saying I 've been an avid Smallville fan since about season 3 . When season 3 was ongoing is when I got into smallville , and starting with season 4 I have gone to pick up the season the day it comes out . So these comments come from that background.I love this show and always have , even in the dry spells that were not as good and people in general did n't like . I could always see what the creators were shooting for and I enjoyed the stories and took them for what they were ... even if they were n't the best . I will admit they were not the best and I will be the first to admit lana needed to go earlier than she did . This season though , I must say , is my favorite season in the entirety of the show . I do also read comics and it 's exciting when they bring in other comic book characters . And I love the little hints and things they do that allude to the comics or the future of the characters in the show.And to address clark being kind of dark , this is true ... but again it 's his developement into Superman . He and the other superheroes are all coming into their own and this is not a biblical-true-to-the-comics view of superman . It 's a more modern adaptation , and you have to go into watching the show with that in mind . They generally have kept the same large points intact . But I kind of like the darker clark ... he 's more serious and in a couple episodes he is leading and learning to inspire others . I think he has to find a balance between his super optimistic view of people and his dark and brooding self where he finds himself at the beginning of season 9 ... and this is what I love about smallville ... it 's the developement of the greatest comic book character . And it 's an open interpretation and it 's fun!So all in all I just wanted to rate it with 5 stars , because I believe this season was amazingly handled and I love it . Of course it 's all relative to each person 's likes and dislikes but i personally believe this season deserves about a 9.0 / 10 .
 Smallville has developed into one of the more consistent shows on television . While other show have crashed and burned after a stellar couple seasons -LRB- i.e. Lost -RRB- Smallville is striving to end out the series with a bang . Following a stellar season 8 with a not so stellar finale , Smallville season 9 brings Clark one step closer to his destiny . Clark gets a new suit , John Corben gets introduced and the Kandor storyline and all its mysteries are laid out for the season . Season 9 's strengths lie primarily in Zod 's story arc , the development of Clark and Lois ' relationship as well as the introduction of several DC characters in the Smallville universe . While other seasons seem to prolong Clark 's destiny , season 9 is taking long strides to get there . Season 9 ends in dramatic fashion , like most of the Smallville finales -RRB- and sets up the introduction of DC 's darkest villain Darkseid . Season 9 incorporates more story arcs compared to previous seasons which had more filler episodes . The end is near , and the show is making one last hurrah . Here 's to a spectacular season 10 . -LRB- BTW , the deleted scenes in this package suck majorly . In the past , some of the deleted scenes made it worth watching again , but this time not soo much -RRB-
 I seen half of season 9 , this show is getting darker and a lot better . I remember what the producers want in this show with no flight and no tights . The entire show was about Clark Kent becoming Superman . The way they start show , is puberty of super powers and a boy becoming a man . When you watch this show , it reminds me of a boy becomes a man , like a bar mitzah . All of Clark Kent 's powers came one by one , season one , he had the strength , the speed and the x-ray . The second season he had the heat ray , learned he was from Kyrpton , his birth name Kal-El and his father 's name Jor-El . The third season , he 's discovered super hearing and leaping from tall buildings a single bound and found out his birth mother is Lara and how he got to earth and what happened to his planet . The fourth season and he became an adult . The fifth season , he found the fortress of solitude to start his training and begun college and lose his father in this season and how he has to learn to do things on his own . The sixth season he had developed the super breath and joined a new league called the justice league with future superheroes . The seventh season he also met his cousin from Kyrpton Kara and found out more about Krypton . The eight season started , when Clark Kent started as a rookie journalist in the daily planet and starts becoming not yet a superman as the red-blue blur . The ninth season Clark Kent , started some of his training in the fortress , trying to fly and lead the justice league and also resruct the justice society of america . His mother sent the Superman suit to Clark , that 's he was destined to wear and designed from Alec 's picture that he drew from the episode Warrior . His last season , ready to fly and wear the tights and start the beginning of becoming the greatest super hero of the world Superman and change the name blur to Superman . This is the last season . For the entire series Clark Kent came from being the nerdy farm boy from Smallville to Mild Manner Reporter for the Greatest News Paper the Daily Planet and the world 's greatest superhero Superman . Superman will lead this generation as hawkman once led ours , that 's what the entire series was where the man who will become Superman and lead these people into a better world and peace . Just like Hawkman did as Justice Society of America and Superman will lead these superheros as the Justice League .
 As a Superman fan , Smallville holds a special significance for me . This show began in September of 2001 , and Clark was a freshman in high school , and so was I. Each new season represented a new year in the life of Clark , and in season 4 , I felt like we graduated together . Season 5 came along with a unique challenge for writing . You see , in the comics , there is n't a whole lot to pull from in Clark 's `` college '' years , but one thing was for sure , Clark was n't in Smallville . The challenge became to find a meaningful and sensible way to keep telling this story . Admittedly , the introduction of Lois seemed an odd choice , but Erica Durance was so compelling in that role , that I 'd skip the obvious story questions -LRB- namely , if she knows Clark prior to his dimwitted persona to disguise Superman , how would a pair of glasses fool her later ? -RRB- . So Season 5 comes around , and it goes forward . Sure it was n't it 's strongest season , but it kept the same feel , and had enough compelling stories to really make it feel like things had progressed past high school . Then came season 6 ... Season 6 certainly had some great episodes -LRB- Justice immediately springs to mind -RRB- , but as a whole it tried to take Clark from home and stick him in Metropolis . This is where things really go down hill . Season 7 tried to mature Clark a little bit by throwing his cousin Kara , a.k.a Supergirl , into the mix , but ultimately , the season did n't go anywhere . It did n't do anything . Then season 8 came and really represented a low point for the series . With the departure of the executive producers Al Gough and Miles Miller , as well as Michael Rosenbaum -LRB- whose departure was the real impact of the series -RRB- , the season could n't find it 's legs , even with the promise of Doomsday on the horizon -LRB- as well as a pleasant episode written by comic legend Geoff Johns , introducing the Legion of Super Heroes -RRB- . A lot of us thought this was the final nail in the Smallville coffin , and that season 9 would finally be the departure point for this series . But then , something miraculous happened.Season 9 did something that the show desperately needed for some time . It went for reinvention . Clark , truly accepting his role as a hero -LRB- as opposed to superspeeding around Metropolis in his red and blue farm duds -RRB- , acted as a catalyst for the show to change . It focused less on Clark , the kid from Kansas trying to find his place in the world , and more on Clark , the man in Metropolis stepping up and nearing the end of his journey to becoming Superman . Adding Zod to the mix as the shows main antagonist helped him to take a true stand for a cause . Finally Clark had matured . While the show really is n't `` Smallville '' anymore , and is mostly `` Metropolis '' , the reinvention was not only necessary , but successful . Fans of the series found themselves coming back to the series for new and interesting reasons . And with the announcement that season 10 will be the last , we can only hope that Smallville will keep the momentum from last year , and move on towards a satisfying conclusion to a show that has truly been rollercoaster ride for fans of Superman and fans of Smallville alike . And with the announcement that legendary villain of comics , Darkseid being primed to take the stage , this season promises to be just that , a satisfying conclusion.So pick it up on DVD or Blu-Ray . With awesome episodes like `` Absolute Justice '' this season is a must have for any Smallville fan .
 I ; M STILL WAITING ON MR.PERRY WHITE COME ON THE SHOW , NOW HE SUPPOST COME IN ON SEASON 8 AND NO PERRY WHITE.TELL ME SOMTHING ABOUT MR. PERRY WHITE .
 I have every Smallville season on dvd , and will definitely be purchasing this one as well . I think the show did change a lot after loosing Lex , and season 8 was a bit of a disappointment . Even though I enjoyed many of the episodes in season 8 , the finale really was just depressing . Where was the big Clark/Doomsday fight ? Did I blink and miss it?But my season 8 feelings aside ... Season 9 really made up for it . I think they just had a hard time transitioning , with loosing characters and gaining a lot of new ones . I loved the season 9 storyline ! It had me anticipating new episodes every week . Not to mention , our very own Smallville mini-movie ! The season finale was spectacular !! I loved season 9 and can not wait for this dvd to be released .
 The delivery date was reasonably spaced from the time I ordered the DVD . Product was in undamaged condition . Since I am a fan of the series , I need not go into any likes or dislikes .
 Things have heated up far beyond dealing with Lex and Lionel and even with Lana . Now , Clark , Chloe , Lois , and Oliver must face Zod and the remaining Kandorians , as well as a shadowy group called Checkmate , in a battle for control of the Earth and peace and freedom for its inhabitants.Clark 's mom shows up briefly , as do members of the Justice League . And the red-blue blur makes quite a few appearances around town.Things will be wrapping up in season 10 . Ca n't wait !
 Smallville is better than ever in the ninth season . The developing relationship of Clark and Lois is well done . Lots of new and interesting stories about the Justice Society of America , Kandorians , and the team of Green Arrow , Watch Tower , and Clark make this worth watching.Smallville
 I am just on the second disc of Smallville Season 9 , but so far every episode has played without any problems . I have purchased used DVDs in the past by other agents , but have learned my lesson . I will only buy new from Amazon from now on . Amazon has the best prices and I always receive my order quickly . I am really anxious for the release of Smallville Season 10 ! It 's addictive , LOL !
 i enjoyed watching season 9 just like other seasons and now i cant wait to see the final season ... !
 SMALLVILLE perhaps peaked with SEASON 9 ! I think it 's the only season where there are no weak main characters and also the running storyline/plot -LRB- Zod and the Kandorian army -RRB- of Season 9 was handled in a spot on manner , with real fluidity , humanity , and power . I badly wanted Season 8 to be the best season since it felt more like a `` Superman '' show , but the show 's creative staff made some huge blunders -LRB- the Lana arc , killing off an iconic character , and the disappointing DOOMSDAY season finale -RRB- that turned what should have been a magnificent , all-time season into a rather what-could-have-been one.The Season 9 premiere SAVIOR starts off about two weeks after the events of the S8 finale DOOMSDAY , with a brooding Clark Kent -LRB- stalwart Tom Welling -RRB- still mourning the death of `` Jimmy '' , the disappearance of Lois -LRB- the Legion ring sent her into the future -RRB- and blaming himself for what transpired with Davis Bloome . Clark has resolved to cut all ties to humanity and train at the fortress and fight injustice from the shadows . No longer the Red-Blue Blur , now he is just The Blur , draped in dark outfits with the House of El symbol -LRB- cap S -RRB- on his chest . Chloe -LRB- charming Allison Mack -RRB- tries to convince Clark to no avail that he is more than just an alien and that his Earth ties are important to who he is . In the exciting opening sequence to SAVIOR , Lois -LRB- gorgeous Erica Durance -RRB- returns from the future , landing on the Metropolis Monorail , and is followed by a mysterious ninja-draped warrior woman named Alia ; they fight on the train and the time rift opening causing the rail to go off the tracks and Clark saves everyone and sees Lois through the window ; her return gives him a renewed sense of hope and purpose . As the ep unfolds , we find out that Alia has returned from the future to try to kill Clark -LRB- they have an exciting hand-to-hand combat fight in his barn while both powerless due to blue Kryptonite -RRB- ; meanwhile Major Zod -LRB- brilliant cast addition Callum Blue -RRB- and his Kandorian army -LRB- inadvertently brought to Earth by Tess using the Rao symbol in DOOMSDAY -RRB- have infiltrated the Luthor mansion and Zod compels Tess -LRB- returning regular Cassidy Freeman -RRB- to side with him in helping them to re-gain their powers on Earth . This superb premiere sets up a great season!Early Season 9 contains some of the best eps , with Eps 2-METALLO -LRB- with a surprising strong guest turn by Brian Austin Green as the title character -RRB- and 3-RABID -LRB- a zombie-themed ep -RRB- surpassing SAVIOR in greatness . RABID in particular has a magnificent Clark/Lois scene in the rain near the ep 's end that is beautiful to watch ! I know the show is taking their budding romance slowly , but these two incredible looking people ought to be all over each other ! Even the immediately weaker eps 4-ECHO and 5-ROULETTE have great Clark/Lois interactions ; Welling and Durance have undeniably fantastic chemistry ! The next great ep is 6-CROSSFIRE , a more iconic Clark and Lois dating-themed episode with Clark trying to help Lois get a gig as a morning TV show host ; the end of the ep has a great series turning point that many fans have been waiting YEARS to happen ! Early season 9 continued on a strong path with ep 7-KANDOR , flashbacking to Zod and his army before they cloned themselves prior to the destruction of Krypton ; we get to see Zod and Jor-El -LRB- played in a heartfelt performance by guest star Julian Sands -RRB- . Ep 8-IDOL is another iconic Lois-Clark ep with Lois torn between Clark and The Blur and ends with I think one of the top Clark-Lois moments in the entire series . The great , tragic Ep 9-PANDORA finally explains what happened to Lois when she went to the future between DOOMSDAY and SAVIOR . Ep 10-DISCIPLE gives the viewer the first taste of Clark and Lois as an actual couple ! The weakest part of S9 for me is the 2-hour ABSOLUTE JUSTICE -LRB- which will end up being 2 separate 1-hour eps 11 and 12 on the S9 DVD -RRB- . I just felt it had little important to do with the rest of S10 -LRB- kind of what that Lana arc did to S8 ! -RRB- and it was kind of all over the place.Later Season 9 kicks into high gear focusing on Zod and his plans for world domination and Clark trying to bring out the good in Zod -LRB- as his clone father Jor-El compelled him to do in KANDOR -RRB- and bond with his Kandorian `` family '' . Standout eps include 15-CONSPIRACY , where Clark and Lois separately deal with a mad doctor bent on taking down suspected aliens -LRB- Clark works with Zod 's lieutenant Faora to save her sister Vala -RRB- , 17-CHECKMATE , where Chloe -LRB- as Watchtower -RRB- is kidnapped by Amanda Waller -LRB- solidly played by Pam Grier -RRB- , the head of government organization Checkmate to reveal the identities of the Justice League members , 19-CHARADE , a heartbreaking episode where Lois is truly torn between Clark and The Blur , 21-HOSTAGE , the return of Martha Kent -LRB- a welcome brief return by the radiant Annette O'Toole -RRB- , and the landmark season finale 22-SALVATION , perhaps the best finale of the entire series!The overall tone of Season 9 is darker and more mature than all previous seasons and may not sit well with more traditional SMALLVILLE fans that prefer the early years `` freak-of-the-week '' format and lighter tone . There is n't much lightness to Season 9 as it is definitely more hardcore in it 's presentation . The writing and acting of Season 9 is hands down the best the show has ever had and the show benefits from having a smaller main cast than in previous years , so that each character gets just enough screen time for the season . Callum Blue as Major Zod -LRB- next to Lex Luthor -RRB- is probably the best villain SMALLVILLE has ever had , and because he got the one season -LRB- whereas Lex began to wear thin in his later seasons -RRB- to showcase his talents , he 'll probably pound-for-pound be considered the best villain . The Clark-Lois chemistry -LRB- as played superbly by Welling and Durance -RRB- is always welcome and is always there even in the weaker eps . I like that they are presented as an all-too-human couple that are both unsure of their intertwined destinies ; they almost act afraid of how powerful their feelings are for each other at times ; there is a maturity about their relationship that is refreshing to follow . With any season , there will be a few missteps , like the Ollie-Chloe pairing and ABSOLUTE JUSTICE as mentioned earlier , but all in all , Season 9 is probably the best , most consistent season of SMALLVILLE!SEASON 9 regulars
 I love Smallville and this DVD was the best one yet . Tom Welling is awesome as Clark Kent/Blur . There was so much action and to see some of the hereoes wander down a dark path and try to rise above it was great.The story of Zod and how he came to be such a foe of Clark 's family . Green Arrow and Chloe coming together was interesting . Clark and Lois together finally . The return of Clark 's mom still protecting her son and all the past superheroes coming together to join forces was the highlight of season 9 This DVD is a must have for Smallville fans everywhere . I 've loved this show from the beginning and will love it till the very end !!!
 The Ninth Season of Smallville was money well spent , very good entertainment . They need to find a better way to package the disks . Stronger plastic perhaps . As far as the shows you ca n't go wrong by purchasing them .
 As always , my son watched this DVD practically nonstop . Loved it ! Arrived in time for his birthday .
 Like previous Seasons , it 's difficult to watch just one episode at a time . This Season is a bit more convoluted than most , and the characters have taken on a darker persona , certainly a diversion of the expected Superman evolution . Some of the plots seem a bit contrived and forced . My only real objection to the writing is the droning on with the apologies that Clark continuously makes . Okay , we get it , he 's learning , he 's taking risks , and some of his actions turn out bad . Wake up call , it 's called being human ... and because he 's Not , get over it . It 's a fine line between character endearment and nausea . Overall , the Season is action packed and entertaining , and as expected , all the characters are easy on the eyes . So with that said , and as expected , I 'm hooked on the show and am patiently waiting for Season 10 .
 I love the Smallville series and getting it on DVD is the best . Tom Welling is great as Superman and I really like how this series gives a back story to Superman for those of us who did n't read the comic books .
 Love the writing , the direction , of course the acting , special effects are off the hook , and the suspense is to die for.A bit too much self pity and martyrdom than I care for , but all in all quite exciting
 Clark Kent and Loise lane definitely , belong together -- however , he would not have done half bad with Chloe ! Also , the Martian Justice league character -- could have had a little more background and dept !
 if you are a fan of smallville this is something you must have , ...
 This was brought for my husband to finish his set . He has all of the seasons . It was one of our favorite shows on tv and it will be missed . at least this way we can watch it over and over .
 I love this story . Too bad it had too end , In the end he FINALY becomes SUPERMAN ! well written and well acted by all !
 The Show itself is great along with the awesome cast . I liked the plot twist on Krypton and the choices Jor-El made , including the return of Zod . Unfortunately , no one will be kneeling before Zod .
 Not much to say but excellent show . Soo sad it 's not on any longer but good to have the discs at home . Good quality and packaging that it came in . Would recommend ...
 This concept of following Superman grow up was great , but it just took too long to finally gain all his powers .
 I have followed Smallville since the beginning . I loved it so much , I want to collect all 10 seasons to pass on to my grandchildren .
 What can I say?The `` Smallville '' series is great.And the DVD 's are the easiest way to catch up on all the episodes.I will be getting the Tenth Season soon.Thank you .
 First , Amazon did a great job of getting this to me quickly , safely , and as promised . Absolutely no issues there.Second , while the ninth season was perhaps not the best of the series , I did enjoy the continuation of the overall story line and the effort taken to stay true to the Superman mythos while still crafting new and original episodes . I especially liked being able to see more of what made Zod who he became , and the very close and friendly relationship between him and Jor-El . In many ways it reminded me of the Clark/Lex relationship in the early seasons of the series . I am still amazed at what the production team is able to do with effects on a television timeline and budget , and the ninth season required them to stretch their imaginations and skills.Bottom line is that I 'm a huge Smallville fan , and this season did not disappoint .
 I 'm a huge fan and I really enjoy this series . It is definately in my top 3 tv shows . I ordered this for my brother so he could enjoy the adventure as well .
 got the dvd on time and we enjoyed it and it was good . clark and all the gang are so great .
 Season 9 is an excellent season . However , I would n't give it the rave reviews that I have seen from some others . It 's about as good as all the other seasons were . Honestly , while I know that they had to follow Superman lore in pairing Lois Lane and Superhottie , I really HATE IT ! I think Lana Lang looked much better dangling from his arm -- and I do mean dangllllliiiiinnnngggg . That is something that I believe is finally being corrected in this mini Super saga . The writers and directors are n't playing relationship cat and mouse between Lois and Clark quite as much as they did with Lana and Clark . I was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO sick of it . Let the boy catch the girl and keep her for awhile sheesh . What I do n't like about season 9 -LRB- and season 8 -RRB- is the way they drewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww outtttttttttttttttttt in slooooooooooooooow mooooootion , the Oliver Queen brooding bad boy , `` I hate myself so much for killing Lex '' story line . Enough with the whining Ollie -- you killed Lex , get OVER IT ALREADY !!! Penance does n't suit you ! Leave that to SuperHottie . Apart from the season story line itself , I am very very unhappy with the disc protection or rather lack thereof in this set . They 've changed it in the last two seasons and it really stinks . It falls apart much too easily . I would have thought it was just the fault of the first seller I purchased from , but when I received the season 9 discs , the inner system was falling apart there too . The reason I buy boxed sets is because I want to keep them like ... FOREVER ! So getting a season with a faulty inner holder just is n't cool , and most certainly not when ive had to pay close to 50 bux a season in some cases .
 This episode is an example of what comic lovers keep watching and waiting for . It has heroes and villains using super powers to fight each other . There is actual action and cheap one-liners and Lana is not randomly crying in any of it .
 My Fiance are fans of Smallville . We have all the seasons now . We loved season 9 , ca n't wait till the final season comes out to complete our collection .
 In my childhood -LRB- long time ago -RRB- Superman was my favorite hero ; it was during the comic books time -LRB- no movies , no TV -RRB- Smallville is like all the comic books together but one million times better . Tom Welling is fantastic doing as Superman ; he is the best of the best . I am waiting for the 10th season release .
 I did enjoy my purchase from amazon this is my fist time and I 'm completely satisfied and love the smallville series !!
 After being a fan of the series from season one to the ninth and also seeing the development of Clark Kent into the Universal Hero that he will become is entertaining as well as enjoyable to watch but where the series is now with its storyline and characters why bother calling this Smallville at all since they do n't even really live there anymore except it seems on the Kent farm . I truly enjoy seeing the other DC hero cameos that are played on the series which make this very enjoyable as well from Green Arrow to The Martian Manhunter , also for myself that made this season enjoyable was the lack of the whinny Lana Lane who with this show I could n't really give a damn for . Do n't get me wrong Lana Lane in the comic series was o.k. but this version from the beginning made her seem very shallow for most of the seven seasons she was on , they made her seem to have more depth but when you saw her playing with the feelings of Clark and Lex Luthor in a few seasons she just seemed to try and wait to see who could take care of her better not really seeming to care about other peoples feelings at all . The series also is a nice intro of the more romantic development between Lois Lane and Clark that we saw coming out in season five , and of course the situations Clark finds he has to deal with throughout the season . A little sadly the tenth season that 's coming out is going to be the last as told by the producers which makes since as you do n't want to run a show to long where it becomes repetitive and looses entertainment for the fans . So for Superman fans out there here 's the newest season set to add to the collection ...
 Atfer its lame drag through past seasons , its finally gotten to the good part . Number one , the growing romance between Clark and Lois is hot and fun to watch . Number two , you start to see more characters from the comic books ; example Zod , Wonder twins , Metallo , Toy man , Roulette , father Jorel etc. -LRB- Second half you 'll see Hawkman , Doctor Fate and other members of the Justice League -RRB- And finally , he starts to wear the symbol S ! I wish it was the red and blue colors , but good enough . The Stories are good enough morally , especially Rabid which was a strong epic . So far this is the best season yet and quite promising .
 I really like smallville wathc it from the start was first on my list of shows to watch but then feel to second behind supernatual . liked them both evenly until the second season of supernaural . I think it was the long breaks inbetween season and I was force to watch reruns id rather watch reruns of supernatural than smallville . got burt out on smallville reruns could wathc about two to three shows a day on differnt channels except on sunday . the changes I would make would be a little less of the I an women hear me roare type of kiss ass women on the show and a little more comic book . I dont want to sound like a male shovanist but I agree with the one view the women in the show are over the top . they all seem to be bruce lee , shena worrer , from hell type and the only men to beat them usally have powers of some sort . even cloe who got a little dark in the last few season kicks some ass . let c tess mercer as the new lex that sucks she 's no lex luther dont know how they came up with a women villian to take lex 's spot . I guess she coulnt fill the shoes of lex unless she was a judo master . then their lois who went from simple reporter woman to an army brate . tought by special forces , green berret , navy seals so she has to kick a lot of ass . but still gets knocked out a lot when clark has to show his stuff . thier 's just too many I guess modern tv women on the show that seems to kick the ass of the low to middeum guards and other men on the show . and its the end of the last season and clark still cant fly . I mean they did one episode at the begging where they tried to explain why he cant . but ever person from crypton get to earth and they are like birds they start flying right away . I wish it was like the superman movie where zod and his peopl come to earth but dont know about there powers yet or what they can do . but clark seems to be the only one from crypton whose in the dark about his abilites . hell even mrs kent got some kick ass she went from small town wife to a gun packing secret agent . I dont know whats in the shows futher for season 10 since tess has wimped out and she not the super bitch she was shes more like a wimpy bitch now . maybe its because zod may be the new villian with his powers and all and tess my be leaving the show . cloe and clark are the two original still left on the show and I hope she stays around . I just want to c some real women on the show not the 2010 women that networks are putting all over the place . man kicking abilities and a bitchy attitude every now and then just beacuse they can . and its time for clark to fly . I miss the cryptonight humans that clark use to fight havent seen any of them in a while . that whole army of super humans that lex use to collet when no where I mean they had a few of them show up in season 8 but thats it . wheres the rest of them . but anyway I 'll continue to watch the show and be a fan of it . maybe since this is suppose to be the last season of supernatural smallville will return to the top of my list of show to watch every week .
 I was very happy with the price . This is why I purchased it at this time . Then I found I was happy for the extra 's given . I 'm also going to get this season when made available . That will give them 10 seasons a very good run for all the soon to be or are classic TV .
 This was exactly what I ordered and what I expected to get when I read the details . I would buy from this buyer again .
 I have been watching the Smallville series since season one ! The ninth season was not packaged as nice as some of the previous seasons , but the new DVDs are nice and clear to watch . I know there is a season ten , but I also can feel the series is coming to an end . It was nice while it lasted . Ms Mack has been with the series from the start . I loved the part where she could heal people with her touch . She seems like a very nice girl - I wonder what she is actually like ?
 it was very good but left you hanging on Tom welling is very good at superman one of the best yet cant wait to see number 10 soon one hopes
 This was better than the last -- it seems each year gets better and better -- i simply do n't see an end in sight -- and we 're already talking about the release of the 10th season -- the storyline is great -- lots of action , special effects , personal interrelationship -- all in all , a wonderful viewing experience -- ca n't wait for season 10 ...
 smallville is a very unique take on the legendary man of steel . but it is pretty much the same when it comes to using the two most popular icons in dc comics . use superman and batman to promote other dc comics charactors but in this show it works to a point . all i would say is that these last seasons of smallville have gotten justice league right and justice league was done right in thses last seasons of smallville . It is a shame that the animated series that calls itself justice league was not more like this . This show gets it right the way justice league should have been .
 Clark finally becomes a man , or should I say a Superman . He no longer hates himself or his powers , he no longer whines , and best of all . Lana is past tense . Lois is his woman now . Tom and Erica are freaking awesome together ! I 've loved their banter since she showed up 6 seasons ago . Clark is no longer awkward , he 's sexy , and he knows what he wants . Yeah , he 's still the Clark Kent we all know and love , he 's just more mature now . Yeah , we all have our opinions , but if you dislike S9 , you dislike Clark Kent/Superman . I say that because Clark never whined like he did in all the other seasons of SV . He never hesitated about saving the world , he was never ashamed of himself or his powers , he never sat on his ass while everyone and their dog did something with their lives . Look , I love SV to death , and I can understand his behavior in the early years , but after HS that behavior should have ended . Let the character grow . It was getting ridiculous when he continued that same behavior in seasons 5 , 6 and 7 . Hell , every trace of S7 should be burned ! Okay , there are some good episodes
 The Metallo episodes are the only epis that are hard for me to watch because of Metallo 's physically gross `` upgraded '' body . Not even the epi `` Rabid '' with the zombie looking humans gets this type reaction out of me . When he 's injecting himself with green Kryptonite ... I get physcially ill ... I have to look away . And this is saying a lot because I 'm a fan of the series , BONES , which has an variety of dead bodies every episode . Sometimes there goal is to create the grossest dead bodies for the show . I have no problem with the dead bodies ... but perhaps because Metallo is alive ... and can feel pain ... this makes me sick to the stomach . So ... in essence ... this means they did a good job in this production . I enjoyed this episode because Clark inhales red kryptonite and that is always fun to watch ... i.e. a bad Clark Kent = exciting .
 packaging was better than i thought a shame they dont show the box case when looking at the picture and the produce was recieved much faster than the website estimated weeks faster infact will definetly buy all my material from this user
 I think this may be one of my favorite episodes . Yes , it is `` Resident Evil-ish '' but I still absolutely loved it . I liked how they took out the `` color '' in this episode and made it just muted grays and blues which enhanced the tone for the episode . I loved the scenes between Lois and Clark ... how separated they were from each other by secrets and yet still so close due to their unacknowledged attraction for each other . That final scene between Lois and Clark just about sizzled ... and they did n't do much except look at each other . Hello !!! ... It was great fun watching them wonder what the hell is going on between them . I love , love loved every minute of it . For me ... this is a must see episode .
 I used to have all seasons of Smallville until a `` friend '' borrowed the first season and never returned it , essentially stealing it because I had asked them to return it . Anyways , it 's good to have a complete collection again . This is a great classic series and will certainly stand the test of time .
 Brand new smallville season 9 on dvd for a low low price . What a deal !!!! Cant go wrong with that .
 The condition was awesome , the price definately nice and all the inserts were there . I would definately trust these guys as far as condition goes . Very timely shipping as well before the stated recieve date . Thanks !
 I already have Smallville seasons 1-8 , and had to get this season.The series ended with Season 10 . I 'll get it when the price goes down .
 I received these items in less than a week from the day of purchase . Thank you for sending them so promptly !! Purchased them for a gift so , did not open and review them but am confident in the quailty of them .
 I love this whole series and ca n't wait to get Season 10 . The DVD Store is very good with customers.I highly recommend them to all .
 Show kinda grows on you , after you learn to adjust to superman 's whine , although he matures through the series ... Oh and there is Kristin Kreuk , Ouch !
 Season 9 has Clark formalize his `` Blur '' identity with his first costume bearing the famous `` S. '' This season also features the first appearance -LRB- in the flesh -RRB- of Zod and his Kandorian Army , Metallo , Toyman , and the Justice Society of America . It 's an interesting season that further develops the superhero duality of Clark Kent as he tries to juggle Zod , the Kryptonians , and his blossoming relationship with Lois Lane .
 Fantastic love this TV series , waiting for my 10th Season to arrive but sad as it 's coming to an end .
 Like all the other seasons of Smallville , the 9th season is excellant ! The production quality is very high , beautiful in Blu Ray .
 Well , I am still waiting my recent purchase from September 6 , more than a month , but i 'll be waiting a few more days . TY
 i 've seen every season of smallville and even though they were all very good seasons season 9 was by far the best season yet . from the start of season 9 you see clark step more into his Kryptonian destiny by training with Jor-El in the Fortress of Solitude until Lois reappeared , which began to distract him . As Clark kept an eye on Lois , he realized that she was being followed by a Kryptonian assassin from the future but , when he confronted the assassin , he discovered that she was actually after him and explained that she came to defeat him before he `` destroyed their world . '' As the two battled under the radiation of blue kryptonite , Clark managed to win the fight and Alia fell on her own sword . then you see zod come with more Kryptonians trying to gain there powers . then you see clark team up the the JSA zod and the other Kryptonian gain there powers and try to take over the world . there are meny more great things so see in this season so if you have n't seen it yet get it . it 's a must buy .
 Everything is building up to the final season ... The best episode I enjoyed was ` Absolute Justice ' where you finally got to see the historical heroes - it kinda reminded me of the ` Watchmen ' , the way is was filmed . Plus it was good to see the beginnings of the Justice League . The final episode where you see ` The Costume ' in the reflection of Clark 's eyes has me and my girlfriend gagging for the final season ... Bring on the Suit !!
 With the introduction of so many DC characters and the start of Clark 's true transition to becoming Superman , Smallville season 9 has been the best yet !
 If you were disappointed with Season 8 -LRB- Doomsday -RRB- . Check out Season 9 - Easily the best season so far .
 The ninth season questions the trust issue from all sides . So many covert processes were secretively launched , it was hard to determine who the good guys were . Defending egos , instead of eagles , could have been named the underlying theme for the season . The wholesomeness of the Kent Family environment was left behind , so that Kal-el would pursue and not resist the destiny his Krypton father , Jor-el
 This is easily one of the best seasons of Smallville yet . The action is great . The acting is awesome . This season caters to the hardcore comic fan more than any season yet . Clark has now adopted the person of The Blur . He essentially does the same thing he does later as Superman , but he does so in a different costume under the cover of darkness . Much like the more modern comics , the story line focus on him balancing his duties as The Blur , his life as Clark on the farm and at the Daily Planet , and his Kryptonian heritage . There 's a two hour `` movie '' episode that introduces quite a few DC heroes to the series alongside series regulars like the Green Arrow and Martian Manhunter . There 's also a twist at the end you wo n't see coming . Be sure to watch the first eight seasons before or you 'll be lost . Overall , a great story .
 I enjoyed them a lot . The packaging was very organized and had a booklet included to see what each episode was about . There were other episodes I enjoyed watching more than once .
 We have every season of this series and watching it in blu-ray makes it even better . Great quality at a good price . Was pre-ordered and arrived exactly when advertised , Thanks Amazon !
 I love Smallville , and Season 9 really brings Clark so much closer to who he will eventually become . The stories are well written , and the season ends perfectly ... leading us to the 10th and final season !
 Smallville series gets better and better . My daugher has been collecting each season and to be truthful , they do n't get old . The one thing she really liked this year was the packaging ! The sleaker packaging makes it so that it takes up less room , something most college students do n't have much of .
 i have purchased all of the smallville seasons from amazon all of them have been in excellent condition and i have enjoyed all of them .
 Got this as a gift for my husband who used to troll the channels trying to find `` Smallville '' on the syndication networks . Imagine his surprise when , on Christmas morning he opens up a box with all 9 seasons in it !!!
 I love this season since we 're starting to see Clark Kent really embracing his role as Superman . I think that the crew of Smallville do a fantastic job with the transition . I 'm sad to see the show ending after this , it 's 10th season .
 Amazon 's customer service was beyond wonderful when contacted for this specific item . They worked with me to make sure I was treated fairly and to make sure I was happy . I will definitely continue to shop with Amazon for this particular reason !
 The product itself is great , delivery was good except for the actual casing the dvds are in . The bottom of the case was busted . Dvds work , but shipping protection should be more of a priority .
 I used to comment on another series , Bones , regarding how they were able to make you laugh one minute and cry the next ... how it was rare to make you feel a multitude of emotions in one episode . Smallville does this a lot ... and this is one episode representative of that . It just shows me how good the writers are ... how they can have such an imagination to include light hearted moments with dark moments in 43 minutes . I simply like good storytelling and Smallville has it . People may judge and say ... oh ... it 's silly or overly dramatic ... but you need to sit back and just take it all in and enjoy the wide range of emotions they bring out of you . Do n't be critical of it ... do n't dissect it ... just enjoy it for what it is a story that is dramatic , romantic , funny and silly and just plain fun . Lois provided the light hearted moment as she was hypnotized by Clark accidentally into becoming a 1950 's domesticated woman who 's only purpose was to take care of her man . Erica Durance pulled this off pretty darn well and Clark/Tom Welling struggle with the craziness of it all . Meanwhile ... Zod is never far from providing `` danger '' and darkness to this drama . Clark having to navigate between Lois and Zod in one episode was a pretty difficult thing to do ... but he did . And it culminated in Clark taking matters into his own hands ... destroying Zod 's tower . That final scene with Clark destroying the tower with fire flowing out of his eyes ... is one of my favorite scenes in the series . He is rarely pre-emptive in handling danger but this time ... he did it . Whether it was the right thing to do . . i.e. destroying property ... is probably debatable in his eyes ... but he did it nonetheless . To some . . it was the only solution to Zod . I loved the special effects ... I love the music in the background ... I just loved how powerful Clark Kent seemed in that final scene ... it was exciting . Truthfully ... I do n't know how you ca n't enjoy this series ... you have to be hyper critical to not enjoy it ... because it is simply good storytelling ... some of the best in TV land . I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE THIS SHOW .
 Smallville will be missed by its fans . It 's in the last season , and in my opinion , just touching the surface . Clark has finally grown up and acting more like Superman . They could do so much more with Tom Welling 's character . He has truly played a fine Clark/Superman . I am the proud owner of nine seasons , and will eventually purchase the final season.There are so many other characters that will be missed , such as Lionel and Lex Luther , Bizzaro , the Green Arrow , Chloe , and many others . Why this show to my knowledge , did n't get the recognition it deserved is puzzling to me . Well anyway , I will always be a fan . Humm ... , I wonder what Tom Welling will be doing next ?
 I 've watched every episode since the first and I think that this is a good one , but not the best . Now I 'm watching the last season and It 's amazing It 's recovered the essence of begining .
 The purchase came timely and in good condition.I love this series . Keep the series running It 's a great show , great characters and good writing .
 I am always satisfied with this show . I get a season every birthday and Christmas for my brother . Thankfully I 'm almost to the end of the list . He really loves the extra footage and interviews .
 I just love the smallville series . Season 9 is so exciting . Zod , Lois 's look into the future , Justice Society , new villians and heros . I could n't stop watching and looking forward to season 10 . Wish Smallville would go on forever .
 Yes Kryptonians this is an awesome Buy if your a Superman fan . Because the show started from when Calel was discovered by the Kents and continues through to where he fulfills his destiny to become the Heroe of the story . I wish it would n't have ended where it did because it had great acters and actresses . I hope they make a show where his story continues . I give this item five stars .
 The bluray arrived at my house within 3 business days of purchase even with the using the cheapest style of shipping . The discs and box were in good condition as described . The ninth season has some hard to follow spots that do not get explained right off . Has a couple of slow spots as well . Otherwise as a whole the series and this season were well written with a good story line .
 OMG I never knew from watching Smallville from way back that this series would be so FN good I stop watching back in the middle of season six because of school & work but then I use to try to catch one twice a month if I could then when I found out this is was available to purchase on Blu-ray I was like its on , so I order season nine -LRB- Season Ten is on ordered also -RRB- I watch the whole set in two days its like watching a good movie I was hooked it excellent ! I have season eight & seven on my wish I 'm going to be ordering them next month I hope that the new Super Man movie is good also ...
 Smallville
 This would honestly be one of my favorite episodes of Smallville . Very well written and filled with easter eggs . I highly recommend this one .
 great service product arrived earlier than predicted.plays well i would recommend these people anytime.this season was all i heard it was .
 Awesome episode if you know who the wonder-twins are . They even had the monkey , mistakes , and really good intentions . I kept waiting for one of them to say how they wanted to be `` super friends '' with Clark or Chloe .
 This has to be best season in Smallville 's history . The main protagonists in Season 9 are Major Zod and his army of Kandorians We finally see Zod , even though its a younger version of him -LRB- Major Zod , a clone , who 's DNA was taken years before he became the evil conquerer General Zod , who destroyed Krypton -RRB- . He 's basically a replacement for the Smallville version Lex Luthor , who like ` Major ' , we see before he became the archnemesis of Superman . Last time we saw Zod was the season finale for Season 5 and premiere for Season 6 , in that he possessed Lex Luthor and was easily defeated by Clark in a 3 minute fight where at the end he was banished to the Phantom Zone . -LRB- This was very disappointing to fans , as Zod is this great villian and was easily disposed of , and in the form of Lex . Do n't get me started on how easily Darkseid was defeated in Season 10 ! Darkseid is a demigod , and he was defeated so ... nevermind -RRB- Clark finally wears a REAL COSTUME -LRB- not the red jacket/blue t-shirt deal . And I like the black costume over the red leather jacket costume in Season 10 ! He looks like Flash Gordon with an S on his chest ! -RRB- The Blur 's black costume is reminiscent of Superman 's black Kryptonian costume from the comics -LRB- and perhaps from the Tim Burton version when he was picked to direct ` Superman Lives ' , the cancelled movie where Superman wore an all black costume -RRB- and we finally see him wearing his family crest -LRB- the 'S ' -RRB- on his chest . The whole back and forth with Clark and Zod was very similar with Clark 's relationship with Lex , as they befriended each other at first -LRB- although Clark is never truly trusting of Zod , knowing what his older self turned into -RRB- Clark and Lois ' romantic relationship develops , we are introduced to Metallo , we see more of Green Arrow and meet his new sidekick Mia -LRB- known as Speedy in the comics -RRB- , we see Jor-EL in the flesh and Krypton in the episode ` Kandor ' , -LRB- which shows the friendship Jor-EL and Zod had , similar to Clark and Lex -RRB- and we meet the Justice Society of America -LRB- Featuring a super hero cast of Hawkman , Dr.Fate , Stargirl , Star-Spangled Kid , Sandman , and villian Icicle -RRB- . And finally , behind the scenes we see Checkmate , the secret government organization bent on taking down superhumans , believing they are a major threat to mankind.Overall , a huge improvement on the disappointment of Season 8 -LRB- the Doomsday storyline , very poor writing , many holes in the plot , terrible climax ! And why get rid of Jimmy ? -RRB- and in my opinion better than any other season , including Season 10 . Just one complaint I have about ALL of Smallville 's episodes
 This was such a great beginning to season 9 . I enjoyed every bit of it . I 'm one of those that actually likes this darker side of Clark Kent . It just makes him seem more `` human '' to have these emotions at war with each other . I also like his new `` costume '' if you want to call it that . I know some did n't like the departure from the traditional colors of red , blue , yellow but I loved it . And I never once thought of the Matrix costume until someone else mentioned it . I simply enjoyed this darker representation of Clark Kent . The end to this episode was perfect . It grabbed you and made you wonder what 's coming next . Thanks Smallville . Another great episode .
 I have been a smallville follower since the beginning and initially I must admit I was a clana fan but then watching the chemistry between clark and lois and how they have matured as actors has definately made me a clois fan . I had high expectations for this season and I was not disappointed as it delivers drama , action , suspense , a few twists and the all important romance . All I can say is if you love clois then this is the season for you !!
 20 1 Hour Episodes and 1 2 Hour Episode on 4 Blu-Ray discs , Released September 7 , 2010 `` Smallville '' , my little sister 's favorite show ! This is the longest running Superman television series -LRB- Sorry , `` Lois & Clark '' -RRB- and continues into its ninth season which is an amazing achievement . The series developed by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar based on the DC Comics characters will be beginning its tenth and final season this fall focusing on the man becoming Superman.Starring Tom Welling as Clark Kent , his character finally makes his first attempts to embrace his hero birthright and calling . It turns out in season 9 that Planet Earth is such a fabulous place that other Kryptonians want to move into the neighborhood and call it home . Of course , they do n't want to share , but take control . Clark sends a warning to Zod and his followers , particularly if they try to ensnare Lois Lane played by Erica Durance in their pursuits.More characters from the DC Universe show up to add a little something extra like the shape-shifting Wonder Twins , the magical Zatanna , and in the double episode , the Justice Society of America 's Doctor Fate , Hawkman , and Stargirl.Bonus Features : There are two featurettes , one is `` Kneel Before Zod '' which is an in-depth look at this Kryptonian criminal and his beginnings in the DC Silver Age , and his appearances in film , animation , and live-action television . The other featurette is `` Justice For All '' where the `` Smallville '' creative team as they discuss bringing the Justice Society of America team of superheroes to television for the first time.There are two episodes with cast and creator commentaries on `` Idol '' and `` Kandor . '' Also there are some unaired scenes .
 Having cruised through the DVDs already , the ninth season is a good one . The overall season arc of the Kandorians under Major Zod is not as strong as some prior seasons ' storylines , but this season 's true gems are the budding romance between Clark and Lois and the high quality of the individual episodes . The quest to stop the future that Lois is returning keeps popping up as well , along with character arcs for Oliver Queen and his Green Arrow persona and a seeming disregard for civil liberties by Chloe Sullivan.In particular , we start getting more of the characters from the DC Universe making their appearances . We get a classic Superman villain in Metallo , though they might have chosen a better actor to play this kryptonite-hearted baddie . Still , the character design was nice , typically with a Smallville flavor instead of being a direct translation of the comic version . The Justice Society , at least in part , makes an appearance that stops the presses at the midpoint of the season . We also get the Martian Manhunter , who is far too underused for an actor of Phil Morris ' caliber , doing his cavalry impersonation , which is nice . Even the Wonder Twins , much improved over their old Superfriends cartoon incarnation , though still bumbling in their hero worship , play a part in this season.The special features are nowhere near as good as in prior seasons . There are deleted scenes from 8 of the 21 episodes , but most of these are just a few seconds . The commentaries are OK , but again , without the liveliness of the early sets , and far less entertaining . Still , the discs are good transfers of the episodes , which is the primary purpose . While some blooper reels would be nice , or perhaps some more cut scenes and more actors on the commentaries , there 's not much one could do to improve this set . -LRB- It 's so nice to have a `` Play '' option and not have to go to each episode 's individual menu to play them , which too many shows still do on their DVDs . -RRB-
 The World needs protection and Clark Kent is the right hero for the job in `` Smallville
 I am a recent Smallville convert , having watched all of the first 8 seasons and the episodes I 've missed so far this season over a period of about 2 months , so I have a pretty good ability to compare this to all previous episodes . This one is the best yet . It was kind of nice to see Clark human , without it being the result of the ever-present green Kryptonite . It was also satisfying to finally see Clark & Lois really together as they are meant to be . I 'm not a fan of Jor-El or the actor playing him and ca n't wait for this storyline to play itself out , but in this episode it all works . If you watch no other episode this season , this is one not to miss . This whole season is so much better than last that you should watch them all anyway . I REALLY hope they plan to keep this series around now that it 's getting so good , and we are so close to seeing Clark become Superman .
 Hey everyoneJason here with my review of Smallville.Season 7 and 8 were some of the roughest seasons of Smallville to date . But everything has changed in Season 9 ! Smallville came back and it came back strongHere is my yearly reveiew of the episodes1 . Savior . Great opening episode of Smallville , We see clark in a suit for the first time2 . Metallo . Pretty good episode , Brian Austin Green as Metallo . Good storyline3 . Rabid , One of the best episodes of the season . You almost forget you are watching Smallville4 . Echo . Much better episode with the Toyman than last season . Pretty good one5 . Roulette . Avg episode . Kind of silly at times , but okay6 . Crossfire . Very good episode . I LOVE MIA ! Speedy7 . Kandor . We learn all about Jorel and Zod . Another great episode of the seaosn8 . Idol . Avg episode . The twins were kind of annoying but pretty good still9 . Pandora . Wasnt a huge fan of the future thing . Had room for imporvemnt it was avg10 . Disciple . Good idea for a storyline . But didnt pan out to well for me . COuld have been much better11 and 12 Absoulte Justice . AMAZING EPISODES !!!! That is all I got to say about that ! 13 . Warrior . Probably one of the weaker episodes of the season .14 . Persuasion . Good episode15 . Conspiracy . DO Clark and Zod start working together . Very good episode16 . Escape . Fun episdoe to watch . Are Chloe and Oliver a couple now ?? 17 . Checkmate . Checkmate storyline was very intersting throughtout the whole season18 . Upgrade . Metallo returns . Liked the previous episodes more though , But pretty good19 . Charade . Zod storyline continues . Very good20 . Sacrifce . Good episode21 . Hostage . Clark 's mom returns . What intentions does she have ?? 22 . Salvation . Season Ender . WOW WOW WOW . Epic battle between Clark and ZodSo as you can tell my review has changed since season 7 and 8 . Really looking forward to watching this season again . Bring on Season 10
 There are some folks who dislike season 9 , but that just because they still want to see Clark as that farm boy from Smallville . Yet , they do n't realized that Clark is no longer the farm boy that we all love , but a news reporter who is embracing his destiny as the future superman . Yes , I still miss the Kent farm , The Talon , the Torch and even Smallville High School , but we must move on . In season 9 , Clark is one step closer in being Superman , but he must first deal with his own personal issues , including his new love for Lois . I love seeing new heroes on the show , including Stargirl and Hawkman . Wo n't spoil more , but season 9 is far the best .
 I have to say that Smallville has come up since the pilot ... I 've been a loyal follower since and loved the Salvation on Season 9 . I just ca n't wait until season 10 , I have all the seasons plus pre-ordered season 9 . Great show !!!
 I get home from work after 11pm , and every Friday when there 's a new ep of SMALLVILLE , I have to watch it that same night from my DVR.I have kind of a love-dislike relationship with this show . The biggest flaw of the season was supposed to be its highlight , and that 's the ABSOLUTE JUSTICE event . This was supposed to be a massive game-changer , written by comic book author extraordinare Geoff Johns -LRB- who 's been writing Superman and Green Lantern for a long time now -RRB- , and it just totally missed the mark . A lame villain responsible for the deaths of some of the greatest heroes in history ? Nuh-uh . This was the chance to go battle royale and really kick an inordinate amount of butt by throwing in some c-list villains . But no ... they shot wide and it ended up being a total letdown.However , the rest of the season has got me revved up in a big way.Coolness .
 At the end of Smallville 's 8th season , I believed that the chemistry between Tom Welling -LRB- Clark Kent -RRB- and Erica Durance -LRB- Lois Lane -RRB- had been fired up full blast ... I WAS WRONG . It did sizzle at the conclusion of Season 8 and for the first five episodes of this 9th Season . But , to my amazement , the sizzle turned into a wild fire by the end of the sixth episode , appropriately titled
 Over the past few years Smallville was slipping . With season 9 they brought it back . The story lines , and characters for this season were perfect.If you left Smallville when Lex left life many did , this is a season to pick it back up on !
 SPOILERS FOLLOWThe ninth season of `` Smallville '' is loaded with episodes that are either very good or great , with maybe three shows -LRB- literally -RRB- that are awful.The season kicks off with `` Savior , '' a show that does not feature Clark strongly but is a great introduction for -LRB- at first -RRB- Major Zod . Here played by very talented British actor Callum Blue , this season marks the first time the iconic `` Superman '' villain has truly appeared on the series -LRB- he was first mentioned in Season Five , and very briefly played by Lex Luthor actor Michael Rosenbaum at the end of Season Five and the beginning of Season Six -RRB- . Zod 's interactions with the show 's resident conflicted antagonist Tess Mercer in this episode and throughout the season are fun to watch.Other highlights for the season include `` Metallo , '' in which Brian Austin Green -LRB- `` Beverly Hills 90210 , '' `` Terminator
 This was a gift for a family member , and although they live way out in the `` sticks , '' the item shipped and was received on time - just in time for his Birthday :-RRB- THANKS MUCH for being on time .
 Fantastic writing tied the Justice Society of America in to the Smallville universe in a way that did Absolute Justice to the characters.the costuming for the episode showed that the legacy characters of the JSA were separate from Clark and his pals ' little group , which worked very well on par with some exciting cosplayers that really took it to the next level . the television budget of this long running series gave us highs and lows throughout the decade it was on the air , but this episode -LRB- aired as a two-parter , combined as one episode here -RRB- really took a lot of the mythos that those of us appreciate from the comics and developed it in to the shows story arcs quite well . this is by far one of my top episodes of the entire show . so great to see beloved characters captured in a way that could do me proud .
 Exelent conditions , the item that I bought was great , they shipped very fast , I really recommend it , I 'm very satisfied with the product
 En esta temporada se desenmascaran mas secretos que lo van acercando al verdadero Super Man . Mi episodio favorito fue el de la Sociedad de la Liga de la Justicia . Esta temporada me ha parecido mas interezante que las anteriores .
 I have been a Smallville fan for a long time and Season 9 was one special season for the series . The Season 9 DVD has some nice bonus features and enjoyed listening to the commentaries . So if you 're fan of Smallville , then there 's no doubt that you should buy it .
 LOVE Smallville so much ! Smallville is my favorite Series ever ! Great cast and great shows with so much originality ! I 'm an addict . I 've watched all ten seasons straight through twice , but before I owned 8-10 I watched the other seasons about 4 times straight through . LOVE IT !
 some of the previous episodes fell short , this one did not . it made me want to buy the following season .
 I purchased this for my nephew who is very impatient . The DVD came within the week which surprised me . It was in very good condition which made a very nice gift for my nephew .
 With a different schedule , it was difficult to DVR the programs and view them . It was much easier to purchase the season and watch at my liesure .
 As the show is drawing near it 's conclusion , the 9th season holds up well in keeping your interest . This is n't the greatest series of them all , It might have a chance if Michael Rosenbaum -LRB- Lex Luthor -RRB- did not leave the show awhile back . It really would of been interesting to see how this would of played out if he had n't of left . He really could of made the seasons much better than they were . That is the only thing keeping this from getting 5 stars.To save it though , the season really did ramp up on the thrills and action , getting you closer to see that long awaited switch from Kent Clark to Superman . The season itself is a bit darker than all the other ones , but it makes it more interesting for that breakthrough moment . It really prepares you and gets you in the mood for the final season .
 Everyone who 's seen this season dislikes something about it . And , just like any season of Smallville , there are plenty of things to dislike . Plotholes , filler episodes , etc. . However , the show 's ninth season shines for what it gets right.Finally , we see Tom Welling wearing the S. That 's worth a thousand points right there . Sure , the man-in-black look might seem strange at first -LRB- The Batman comparisons have been overdone -RRB- . However , when you look at the end of season eight , it really does make sense . The last time we saw Clark , he had just left Jimmy 's funeral . Mourning -LRB- and , therefore , dressed in black -RRB- he announced that his human identity was finished . Naturally , when we see him at the start of season nine , he has jumped headfirst into his Kryptonian identity , sporting the S shield while retaining the black clothes . You can say he 's mourning the `` death '' of Clark Kent . You can say he 's mourning Jimmy . You can say whatever you want . But no mater what you say , you ca n't deny that any outfit with the S emblem is a step above the red-and-blue ensemble we 've been overexposed to since the beginning.Clark 's character is really the strongest part of this season . He does n't take the backseat as much as he did in the earlier seasons -LRB- namely seven -RRB- . We finally see him standing up for his beliefs and sticking to them . He comes to some very Superman-ly decisions ; he thinks things through . Most importantly , he makes me believe that he could be a superhero by the end of next year . Let 's hope the writers do n't mess that up.Another strong point of the season is the Lois and Clark relationship . Sure , it has its missteps . There are a few scenes where the chemistry seems off . This is probably due to poor directing . In the majority of the scenes , however , Tom Welling and Erica Durance go together like ... well , Lois and Clark . It 's fun to watch , and it reminds us viewers of their impending destiny.Zod is a wonderful villain played marvelously by Callum Blue . His story is told too slowly or too quickly at times . However , his performances are consistently great to watch . I only wish he could have interacted with the main cast more often . Instead , we get scene after scene with him and Tess . Initially , this is fun . Eventually , however , their relationship is confusing and -LRB- to be honest -RRB- boring . What does he want ? What does she want ? Who knows?In fact , that 's the biggest problem of season nine
 The 9th season of Smallville was good ! This season had my jaw dropping a lot ! Louis and Clark have such great chemistry !
 I found myself looking for the introduction of other super heroes with in smallville series . I was sick for four weeks and this and the other eight series keep me from getting bored . I could n't believe Superman did not wear his cape and tights until the very last show .
 GREAT SHOW ca n't wait for all the seasons to come in I wish the movies would follow the shows lead .
 Clark finally gets to meet the people of Krypton and most importantly he gets to come face to face with his father !
 I can only share from my spouse and my son their enjoyment and sadness when the season ended . Fortunately , . one final season left and they are beaming and sad it is Smallville last season . Pure joy shines through their eyes and from their lips to mine I thank Amazon again : -RRB-
 The older seasons of Smallville were better than the end ones . But , if you start it , you have to finish it .
 We had all of the seasons but two so this completed our collection . My husband a big fan of this series .
 Best season out of all of them in my opinion . If you 're not a fan of super hero comics , Smallville will definitely change your mind !
 I love my movie . I ca n't wait till I own the whole collection , which should be very very soon . You could say I 'm Smallville obsessed .
 i am a big fan of this show a big super man fan even more and everything theyve done couldnt have seen it done any other way im not a big comic book person mom never let me collect them but what i do know is the original movies are good but the stories were nowhere compared to this show the new movie i didnt like at all but i hear that lana has her own comic so i think it was important to keep her on the show for as long as they did im anxious to get the louis and clarke mess rolling cause u know theres going to be lots of laughs and i hope they keep this show going for along time even if they have a bad season or two bc 2 many shows r getting cancelled for the reason that people who rate good shows bad bring them down so i hope it keeps going like its going so we can keep enjoying this great show bc it hs great story lines good characters and so far a good record knock on wood
 I ca n't believe I still like this show after so long . But , somehow they have figured a way to keep breathing life into Smallville . Really enjoyable , and I hope the seasons keep coming .
 Season 9 has definitely matured from Season 8 , rightfully so . To those who have not seen Season 9 episodes , prepare yourself for GOOD TIMES . There is plenty of ACTION , SUSPENSE , COMEDY -LRB- Hawkman -RRB- , DRAMA and ROMANCE to keep you watching and wanting more . Apart from the occasional filler episodes , this season contains an on-going story that is typically re-capped with the next episode . Although this show in general does not literally follow every circumstance or experience faithfully , it is an opportunity to see how other options are able to develop . Chloe , one of the foundational characters to this show , finally gets some much deserved guy action in Season 9 . I agree with most fans that the actors are very talented , unpretentious , and especially easy on the eyes which make for a perfect combination to BOTH female and male viewers . The new actors on this season are a perfect fit for their respective character , especially general Zod , who is refreshingly engaging . I especially love the underlying principles that still remain true to each season , especially in Season 9
 This season is awesome . I ca n't wait until it comes out on dvd . . well maybe get blue ray . . But it 's an amazing show . I have all the others . and Most I bought from Amazon .
 one of the best seasons of smallvile yet and thats saying alot after 9 years : -RRB-
 I love this new season . It 's better than the last two . I thought this show was going down the drain but , i guess the writers came up with some mind blowing ideas . Clark and Lois are a match made in heaven and he finally reveals himself to her in this season . Ca n't wait for season 10 he wears the superman costume . This season has been a blast . I will be buying this season for sure . I recommend this to everyone .
 I 've seen only a few episodes now , just got it yesterday , and I already love it!It 's way darker than the earlier seasons , which is something I like . Probably more so than the previous season , it lifts Clark up into a life as an adult , a man with responsibilities , and onto his destiny as the Man of Steel.Clark will live long enough with the colours red and blue later on in life , so he discarded his colours for the time being . Now he 's just a ` blur ' instead of the ` red/blue blur ' . The darker clothes make him more mature in a way , and less of a target to others . Red and blue can attract unwanted attention after all : -RRB- I 've seen bits and pieces of what is to come , and read some of the stories about the other episodes in the booklet that came with it ... I must say , I ca n't wait to see the rest ... I 've been a fan since it came out with the first season , and I 'll be a fan for as long as I live ... The Superman myth has always inspired me , but Smallville has done an incredibly great job in retelling the story of the Man of Steel . It 's not all as we know it from the Marvell comics and the movies , but that 's nothing bad ... it 's quite the opposite ... it deepens the myth , it adds colour , it inspires ... May all of you be inspired too : -RRB-
 I have stuck with this show from the beginning , and now I am torn about how I feel . The show looks fantastic as always ; all of the scenes and shots look amazing . The acting is not the problem . All of the cast are doing a great job . There are several annoying problems with the storyline that prevent me from really enjoying this.First , Clark should be able to fly by now . I know , I know , there was that `` no flights , no tights '' rule back in 2001 . I also know that no one then could have guessed that this show would have made it nine seasons . Kara is a teenager and she can fly . Clark is about 24 by now , so he should be able to fly.Second , there are so many twists and turns in the plot that you would need a notebook and a flowchart to keep track of it all . I miss the early years when all you had to keep track of was how evil Lex was this week , and the freak of the week that would either be dead or in the loony bin by the end of the episode.Also , is Oliver 's secret the worst kept secret in all of Metropolis ? Even Lois knows that one . It seems he 's pretty casual about admitting who he is.Now that I 've complained , here 's what I liked about this season . I did like the `` Absolute Justice '' two-parter . Even though I had not even heard of any of the comic book heroes in it , I still enjoyed it a lot . I like Lois and Clark 's romance progressing , and I also like that Lois figured out Clark 's secret . Thankfully they did not drag out the angst as much as with Lana . Major Zod actually was a better addition than I thought he would be . The `` is he evil or not '' uncertainty was interesting.So , for season 10 , the last one , I get the feeling that they are going to let it all hang out ; pull out all the stops and go for broke . I think it will be the best one yet . My questions are , how long will we have to wait to see Clark flying ? How will anyone be fooled by Clark 's disguise of a pair of glasses , when he has not worn them for all these years ? How long until Lois clues Clark in that she knows his secret ? It 'll be interesting to find out .
 Krypton 's last survivors have decided to make Earth their new home . But Zod is obsessed with his people receiving the same powers that Clark possesses . So Zod has decided to transform Earth , without a care about what happens to all of humanity . Meanwhile , back at the Daily Planet , Lois and Clark 's relationship develops . And many DC Comic heroes -LRB- the Wonder Twins , Zatanna , and the JSA -RRB- make guest appearances.As in each season of this long-running series , Clark goes through a lot of changes - most notably with his relationship with Lois . Clark , the man-who-will-become-Superman , juggles his relationship with Lois , dealing with the recent Kryptonian residents , his day job -LRB- which we rarely see him doing -RRB- and crime fighting as `` The Blur . '' Zod and Tess are up to more scheming and no good . Chloe and Oliver round out the rest of season 's regular cast , whose relationship gears up this season as well.This set contains all 21 episodes from this action-packed season . It 's a solid show with fantastic actors . Now that Clark and Lois have paired up , it 's high time that Clark trade in the drab black outfit and start donning his primary colors . So few science fiction shows last this long , but it 's not hard to see why . Tom Welling is a stellar Clark Kent . And each season continues to improve on the last . While some former costars are missed , this has been one of my favorite mixes of characters . The Smallville cast has incredible chemistry - and dissonance - in all the right places .
 There 's a S on his chest.The Justice Society of America shows up.He becomes a hero .
 Do n't want to include any spoilers in this `` review '' , but if you like action in `` Smallville '' , this episode delivers ! Involves the return of Metallo and plenty of Zod included , at no extra charge ! Get it !
 One of the best smallville 's of the ninth season I have seen so far . A must watch .
 I have n't tried apple 's hd download of metallo yet ; I wanted to see how it was with amazon on demand hd download . The quality is reference hd . No compression artifacting or anything . Perfect !
 There were things in this season that supremely bugged me . Okay , it 's a RE-TELLING , gotcha . That 's not license to go crazy . Since when is Metallo a bitch-made punk ? And Perry White is Martha Kent 's boyfriend ?? WTF ?? Okay ... I think that 's it for the bad stuff . Really , that 's it ? I thought I 'd have more to complain about , but thinking back ... Oh wait , one more thing : Clark needs to fly already . And PLEASE , in season 10 do n't make us wait until the final episode for him to fly . Producers , read these reviews . Pay attention . Clark . Airborne . Do it.That 's it . Now ... Let 's continue ... Some people are seeing parallels to Batman where there are none , slamming this season with one or two stars when they are imagining things . Go to Google Images . Type in `` superman black uniform '' , look carefully and then STFU . I like the black outfit , and the gothy Superman crest on the black tee . Grow up people , seriously.I have never considered Oliver Queen as a poor-man 's Bruce Wayne , there is no comparison except that Green Arrow and Batman have similar alter egos , but completely different attitudes and origins.A big moment in `` Smallville '' , as far as I am concerned , was in season 8 when Oliver asked Chloe her to give up her life as a reporter , and she says yes , takes a headset , all the heroes give their code names and Chloe says `` Watchtower is officially online . '' I jumped up and cheered.My wife looked at me funny , and then I explained to her what Watchtower was and that anything that hints at the JLA makes me happy . And you know what ? Chloe DESERVES the honor of being the original Watchtower , at least on `` Smallville '' . She 's earned it . So , imagine my disappointment that they never went anywhere with this beyond a couple of times where Chloe meddles in the heroes ' lives . She does n't do much Watchtower-ing in this season though she does contribute . It 's not her fault . I fear that Chloe is becoming obsolete . I see them trying to keep her interesting but the Superman story is evolving beyond the old High School buddies and is getting to be to big for her . I do n't expect to see much of her in Season 10 , which would be too bad.I loved the Wonder Twins , and how they were used in Season 9 , also Hawkman , and Dr. Fate from the Golden Age came into it and gave it a real DC feel , and again went some distance to hint at the formation of the JLA , though I realize that it really wo n't happen until Clark is Superman , and THAT is n't likely to happen until the very end of season 10 . Callum Blue was excellent as Zod , and I thought that tricking Lois into believing that he was `` The Blur '' was particularly cool . The battle with Zod , and the season finale has really whet my appetite for season 10 , but overall , you can feel that the series is running out of ideas , winding down.Season 9 was a very good season . Some of it was weaksauce and it could have been better , so I 'm giving it four out of five , which may actually be generous . While some of the little elements were very entertaining , the overall plot , the main throughline was not all it could have been . I hope 10 gives us a season , and a series finale that we wo n't forget . Smallville is a terrific show , let 's hope it ends that way .
 I love Smallville , and have been watching it since the start . And it 's great that this season has introduced new characters like Hawkman and Dr. Fate . But when , oh when , is Clark Kent going to learn to fly and BE Superman ? I for one am getting tired waiting.Tom Welling , who plays Clark Kent , is 33 years old ! If we do n't have a superman by the end of the 10th series we never will . I fear the program makers are worried that once he becomes Superman the story is complete , and they 're out of work . But there is no reaon that should be . A proper Superman series would make the ultimate spin-off .
 One day , I get a wild hair . I get bored and decide to check Smallville out , and start downloading the show beginning at the Pilot episode and going on from there . This was about the middle of season 8 . After about 5 episodes , I was completely hooked . I could n't wait for the next episode to finish downloading so I could watch it . I would get frustrated that it was n't downloading fast enough . And I vowed to watch every single episode through the end of season 8 before Season 9 came out so I could watch Season 9 with the rest of the world on Friday nights . Obviously I was hooked lol.So time comes for season 9 to roll around , i start to watch it . And lo and behold , this season has blown the other 8 seasons out of the water . Granted there are a few slow moments , some of the more Chloe and Oliver-centric episodes coming to mind , but they were still awesome . EVERY single episode in this season has been awesome , and Rabid and Pandora are my 2 favorite episodes of the entire show.Callum Blue as Zod . Seems to be a controversial choice . Personally , I started watching Callum Blue as Mason on Dead Like Me and I loved his portrayal of that character , it was stellar . So when I started watching this season , i expected good things from him . Granted Zod is a far cry from Mason . And he did not disappoint , he is playing the character awesome . Granted it 's interesting to watch him in a serious role and not boozed out or high all the time , but still fun to watch him go from a young major to the villain we all know and hate across the season . * Spoiler * Him killing his -LRB- future -RRB- wife was sad , because she was pregnant , and Faora was incapable later in life , hence creation of Doomsday . But that was a very well written dramatic moment . All in all , I 'd say he makes a GREAT villain . Much better than last year 's Davis Bloome character , who i could n't STAND . Davis Bloome seemed to bland of a character , not enough going on personality wise.Overall , episodes done perfectly : Savior , Metallo , Rabid , Crossfire , Kandor , Pandora , Disciple , Absolute Justice , Persuasion , Conspiracy , Escape , Upgrade , SacrificeEpisodes could have been done better : Echo , Roulette , Idol , Warrior , Checkmate , Charade , HostageDo n't get me wrong though , the entire season is awesome , there were just things i did n't like about the second list , but still great episodes worth watching . Here 's to season finale in 3 days with all out war between Clark and the Kandorians , i ca n't wait .
 They 've been teasing us with this episode since the season 9 premire . This is probably one of my favorites episodes of the season . I love how they are n't afraid to show the bleakness of life without Clark Kent . I love how dark they take this season . IN this epi we find out all about Lois ' dreams . We see that her jump to the future shows a destroyed world by the Kryptonian 's and how fractured Clark , Oliver and Chloe have become . The year jump shows how far apart they 've become . I love the scenes between Lois & Clark here as Clark reveals how he `` died '' when Lois vanished in the season 8 finale . Tom Welling does a great job showing how bleak Clark 's life has become and who does n't like the love scenes between he and Lois . It 's a highlight of the series . I 'm not a fanatic about the Superman mythos ... I just love good storytelling and Smallville give us this . Even in it 's `` worst '' seasons there are always great episodes to watch . THis is one of the best series around from a storytelling perspective which is why I 'm surprised it 's not more popular . THis should n't be missed ... you really should start with season 1 and buy each subsequent season because the stories just get better and it 's nice to see Clark Kent grow up and mature into the hero most of us know ... Superman .
 Clark 's almost there ... in regards to his destiny as the man of steel , that is . Tom Welling and Erica Durance have an amazing chemistry and this is the season it comes front and center . So many great episodes ending with the best season finale of the series .
 I like this show so much and this blue-ray is awsome . But , the information about this product is incomplete at box and in website . There 's subtitled in brazilian portuguese and other languages .
 It 's another one of Smallville 's excellent seasons . Highly recommendable for any fan of the series .
 I have truly enjoyed this series . I 've watched the characters grow up over a nine year span and its like watching a family grow up . I 've always been thrilled with Superman and even if they call him the Blur , he 's still Superman to me . The sexual tension between Lois and Clark really keeps you waiting for something to happen between them . The special effects are great . The characters from Krypton are always challenging Clark and the challenges that Clark -LRB- The Blur -RRB- must face keeps you guessing at how will Clark win and what trouble will Lois get into and require a rescue by The Blur . It 'll be a long year waiting for the tenth season to come out .
 I purchased Smallville complete ninth season by Amazon . It was very quick and cheap . I am satisfied with the delivery speed and condition I 've received the product . It is really nice that we are given opportunity to order our favorite goods by Amazon . Looking forward to order next season as soon as possible . Thanks .
 Season 9 has been the best season of Smallville so far . It keeps you on your seat from episode to episode and provides plenty of near-misses for the classic will they/won ' t they of Lois and Clark . It does an excellent job of setting up Season 10 , which will be the final season of the show . A definite ca n't - miss for any Smallville fan !
 I am a Superman fanatic and I still love this show . I know that the series has severely strayed from the original story but it is a great tale none the less . I consider it a re-imagining of the character . The show has become better with every passing season and number 9 is fantastic . If you have n't watched it yet then what are you waiting for ?
 THE SMALLVILLE SERIES IS A TERRIFIC SERIES ; IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER . I WILL HAVE THE COMPLETE SERIES . I DEFINITELY WANT TO GET THE TENTH SEASON . IT IS A GREAT SERIES .
 I 've purchased all 9 seasons via amazon , had no problems at alljust perfect , and being Australia 's number 1 Smallville fan makesit a hole lot better.Thank you Amazon for your fantastic serviceReg Bowl
 This was one of the best seasons so far . Clark is getting ever closer to his Superman destiny . The Legion episode was awesome , getting to meet new characters and reintroducing old ones . Looking forward to season ten .
 The package came inmediately and in good conditions . Series have becomes more action pack that before . Showed lots of new superheroes and how they 'll be attach to Superman . AWESOME !!
 I 've got all of the Smaville seasons and have enjoyed them all . I 'm disappointed that the show is ending . I like the characters and the plots .
 I love Smallville , so sad to see it go this year . I had to finish my collection of the seasons which is why I bought this , I am re-watching all of the seasons before the finale of the final season in a few months . So nice to see them all over again .
 There are many good episodes in this season and the commentary on two of the episodes were very interesting . I only wish they would put more special features on the dvd . Otherwise , it 's a very good buy !
 Basically , if you liked all the other seasons leading up to this one , you 'll love it . The features on it are interesting and it has us itching for season 10 to come out too !
 There 's something about how they bring us the DC Comics characters that is enjoyable ... at least to people like me who are n't already familiar with these characters . I have no history to judge whether it is done right or not so I 'm able to enjoy what they do here . Telling a small story about the history of the JSA really hit that nostalgia button especially the way they filmed this but what I really liked was how they humanized these `` heroes '' into flawed characters . I like that our heroes are not always perfect ... that they also struggle with decisions . I think that 's what Smallville does well with Clark Kent ... shows how his life has been filled with doubts and struggles and heartbreak ... but that he continues to move forward despite it all ... still making mistakes but always striving to do better . He puts one foot in front of the other even though he sometimes feels paralyzed with doubts and with the weight of what 's on his shoulders in this story . Clark Kent is a flawed character in this Superman story and I 'm glad Smallville producers went this route because it humanizes him and thus makes him more likeable as a character ... if that 's at all possible with this beloved character .
 You know what I love about this Lois Lane ... that she shows strength and vulnerability and spunk and humor and shyness ... and it all works cuz Erica Durance is spot on with her acting . It will be difficult for other actresses to replace Erica Durance in this role on the big screen . Smallville was lucky to get not only Tom Welling ... but also Erica Durance . I 'm gon na hate it when the series ends .
 I saw this movie `` golden earings '' when I was a kidand I always wanted to see it agan . now I own a copyof it . It was great
 One of the better WWII romantic movies , one of my 3 favorites . It has excitement , surprise , romance , mystery . Everything that makes a great war story !!! Miss Marlene & Mr. Ray are at their best !
 If you enjoy acting and song , this is a must ! Marlene 's superb acting delighted me through the whole movie . She was enchanting and endearing as this Gypsy character . The gravity of the war times was made easier to watch . If you 've not seen this please do settle down for a very enjoyable fun time with these wonderful characters and music .
 This is one of my husbands favorite movies . We were very happy to receive this vhs tape as ours was in very bad condition . It is in very good condition and even had the plastic cover the old vhs tapes used to come with . Husband is very happy now .
 It has been many many years since I first saw this movie . The story is entertaining and Ray Milland is perfect for the part but it is the haunting eyes of Marlene Dietrich that are truly unforgettable . This is one of her best performances and very believable as a gypsy roaming Europe with no place to call home . All fantasy of course but who has not dreamed of roaming the countryside in the company of a beautiful and desirable woman or a strong and handsome man ? You will not regret adding this one to your library for family viewing any time of year .
 THIS IS A GREAT OLD CLASSIC DRAMA . . THAT HAS ALL THE ELEMENTS OF A GREAT MOVIE . . IT 'S A STORY OF A 2 ENGLISM MEN POW ESCAPED AND WENT THERE OWN WAY . . ONE POSSED AS A GYPSY -LCB- RAY MILLAND -RCB- ... A MUST SEE TO REALLY INJOY . .
 The film opens on a man -LRB- Ray Milland -RRB- who is the subject of rumor among other men staying at the same hotel . He recieves a package
 Marlene Dietrich and Ray Milland star in GOLDEN EARRINGS , a story of gypsies and theives , set against the backdrop of Germany in WW2.Ray Milland stars as Ralph Denistoun , a British spy in Germany , who is arranging to meet a fellow spy in Stuttgart to steal Hitler 's formula for poison gas.Lost in the Black Forest , he meets a bedraggled gypsy woman , whom he dubbs Lydia -LRB- Marlene Dietrich -RRB- . Lydia 's knowledge of the Black Forest , and her quick-acting ways are things that will help Ralph on his mission . He decides to disguise himself as a gypsy and travel to Stuttgart with Lydia under the ruse.Based on the novel by Yolanda Foldes , GOLDEN EARRINGS is an immensely entertaining and very romantic film.Available seperately or in a box set with SEVEN SINNERS and PITTSBURGH .
 For starters , this movie took me ages to find . I had to order it . Second , I had decided by the time it came in that I did n't want it anymore . Silly me . This movie is wonderful . Romance , adventure , suspense , and even comedy . The comedic moments were fantastic . Some of them were n't intended to be comic , it appears . The moment where Ray Milland first meets Marlene Dietrich is great . He points a gun at her , and she is calm as always . Then , she decides that he is HER man . The water spirits sent him . Well , they 're going to eat fish stew . Seeing as Marlene has given Ray the spoon , she uses her hands . She sticks them right in that nasty stew and crams it in her mouth . Ray looks a wee bit sick . When Marlene wants to get romantic -LRB- and almost succeeds -RRB- , Ray says , `` What is that ghastly smell ? '' Marlene grunts -LRB- I guess it 's a grunt -RRB- and tells him it 's her hair , which he smells . Jasmine , violet , and cod liver oil -LRB- or something -RRB- are what she has put in her hair . Yeccchhh . That is one of the funniest scenes in the film . Romance abounds too , but to start with , it 's all one-sided . Marlene rubs Ray with her hands so much , he asks her if she has considered sitting on them . They kiss eventually . Marlene sings -LRB- I would n't call it singing , it 's more of a deep moaning -RRB- the title song in Hungarian while playing a zither . Talent abounds in this movie , does n't it ? This is one of the greatest movies I 've seen , and I recommend it to everyone .
 If anyone else but Marlene Dietrich had played the lead in this film , the film would have been awful ! Dietrich triumphs in a role no-one would have predicted . mysterious , mesmerizing , seductive , funny , and finally moving as the loyal gypsy -LRB- ! -RRB- Lyddia , Dietrich makes you overlook the films flaws . At times the film drags by , some supporting players seem to have cotton in their mouths as they speak , and some of the dialogue is inane . Through it all , Dietrich is the soul of this movie , holding it all together in spite of the flaws , to make the whole thing work . Worth watching as a romantic piece of Hollywood escapism , and for seeing Dietrich as the fine actress she is .
 Marlene Dietrich plays the gypsy Lydia , and in her raggedy clothes , black wig , and dark makeup , gives a whole other take on what sexy is all about . -LRB- Her gorgeous legs and bare feet get plenty of look-see throughout the picture . -RRB- Set near the beginning of WW II in the Black Forest of Germany , Dietrich helps Ray Milland escape the Nazis and obtain a secret poison gas formula . The plot is a bit thin , but both Milland and especially Dietrich put everything into their roles . The golden earrings are a prop used to help disguise Milland , and when he receives them in a box in London after the war , he knows they come from Dietrich who is waiting for him . It 's during his flight back to Germany that he relates the story in flashback . Sure enough , after hiking to the spot he had last left her , years before , Dietrich is waiting for him in her gypsy wagon , and off they ride into the sunset . Worth seeing for the enthusiastic acting of the two principal stars .
 This charming movie is one that I take off my shelf and watch from time to time . This movie is definitely an escapism World War II movie , yet even today it 's great for that purpose . It 's a movie that keeps one interested from start to finish . It 's well made and black and white adds even more to the fantasy . The plot is good and the love story is great . Although Marlene Dietrich is portrayed as a semi-dirty gypsy , she still appears glamorous . Ray Milland is very handsome as the leading man . It 's a movie that just makes you feel good . They just do n't make 'em like they used to .
 Miss Dietrich is a wonderful , colorful gyspy in this film ... you can tell she had fun playing this role . Mr. Milland is good as the officer trying not to fall in love with Miss Dietrich . This is Miss Dietrich film all the way ... her character will put a magic spell on you . Sit back and enjoy this film !
 If you enjoy total escapism ; Nazis getting their just desserts ; Marlene having a ball as a gypsy ; and Milland as her man , then get this movie.It is wonderfully romantic , and completely enchanting.Annie
 This is a wonderful romance-adventure with plenty of comic touches -LRB- we see from `` Destry Rides Again '' on that Dietrich got much more opportunity to let her talents as a comedienne shine than she ever had under von Stenberg 's tutelage , and this is a good example . Not to be missed ; the scene where Ray Milland , as the hero Ralph Denistoun , gets a good whiff of Marlene 's hair ! -RRB- She obviously had a lot of fun playing the role of Lydia -LRB- learning to play the zither , among other things -RRB- , and her enthusiasm carries the film . She just ca n't stay away from the glamorous makeup job , even as a dusky-skinned Gypsy , but her performance is so strong you really do n't mind . The ending is just what you would expect and hope for , and it 's tear-jerking , but in a happy way . -LRB- Ten gets you one if they were remaking it today , they 'd completely mess up the ending in the name of - gack - irony . -RRB- Marlene gets to help bust up on Nazis - something she , as a dedicated anti-Nazi , doubtless enjoyed very much - as she helps Milland with his secret mission on the eve of World War II . A very sympathetic portrayal of Gypsies ; reference is made , in a foreshadowing kind of way , to the horrific fate they would suffer in the Holocaust along with Jews and other `` undesirables '' .
 GOLDEN EARRINGS is a superior Dietrich showcase , easily holding its own in the timeless ranks of DESIRE , THE DEVIL IS A WOMAN , and BLONDE VENUS . I agree with an earlier reviewer who asserted that only Dietrich could have successfully carried off the role of a rough-edged Gypsy . In the hands of any lesser actress , Dietrich 's vibrant Lydia would have been rendered pure camp . The reported off-screen animosity between Dietrich and Milland lends appreciable spark and heat to their on-screen chemistry , and Lydia 's empassioned declaration of love takes its rightful place among the most beautiful and moving romantic moments ever captured on film.GOLDEN EARRINGS also boasts an intriguing gender twist which would never find its way into contemporary macho-laced moviemaking . Dietrich 's sexually experienced Lydia relentlessly pursues Milland 's chaste and uptight character . She rescues him from peril more than once , and , in the end , when his strongest desire is to make her his life partner , he must leave his own civilized world permanently behind and join her in hers .
 I wish this movie came in single DVD but , alas , it is only available in multiple movie set and I shy away from those . The VHS tape played very well and was great fun . It has been many years since I saw this movie and had forgotten just how good it is . Of course , it 's definitely B&W 40s type Hollywoodized stuff but I really enjoyed seeing it again . I 've looked at it several times and continue to enjoy the tender love story between these very different people . I do n't think I 've ever seen Marlena Dietrich in any other movie but I 've ordered a set of several others since I liked her in this so much . I guess I always thought she was all accent and smouldering eyes but she was a very good actress and I look forward to seeing the other movies . Weeks later
 Reviews about `` head wounds '' are complete trash , von Richtofen was clearly shot from below and to the right , putting him perfectly within range of the Aussies on the ground ... no way could Brown have shot up at him coming from behind and above.Furthermore , had von Richtofen gotten nailed by a fatal head wound then he would not have been conscious to have said the last word `` Kaput '' to the Aussies who approached his downed machine.He was killed by a single bullet through the right side entering the chest diagonally upward with the slug exiting his left breast . Get off this `` Brown got him '' garbage , all he got was a short burst off then he skedaddled before his luck was pushed .
 An entertaining movie about the World War I exploits of the ace German pilot Manfred von Richthofen 's -LRB- aka , the Red Baron -RRB- and his main opponent , Canada 's Arthur Brown.The aristocratic Von Richthofen is so honor bound that he refuses to use camouflage paint on his planes , because `` a gentleman should never hide from his enemies '' and instead paints them with the brightest colors . The pragmatic , no-nonsense Brown , instead , does not believe in honor or chivalry
 Ok . Let 's take aside the hystorical innacuracies . I know that this is hard , simply because the movie is title `` Von Richthofen and Brown '' !! If the producers had tried to do something not using real names -LRB- like `` The Blue Max '' -RRB- , maybe they could have got away with it.But , since they went for the Red Baron -LRB- probably figuring it would help in the box office -RRB- , the innacuracies are mind boggling . Just to mention two of them
 Movie was better than I expected . Very good production value for a Cormon film .
 For the war buff only . Outstanding flying scenes , even if some of the aircraft types are wrong . John Phillip Law is good as Von Richtofen , though too tall . The Baron was a small man . Don Stroud portrays Roy Brown as sort of a cowboy . Brown was an officer and a gentleman . American actors do n't play Canadians well . If you like the flying , I highly recommend Howard Hughes ' film ` Hell 's Angels ' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- . As real as it gets !
 I ordered this when looking for the new German movie , `` The Red Baron '' and really enjoyed it . Good photography in my opinion and well done flying scenes .
 One of the best WWI movies featuring two of the most famous pilots of that day . A wonderful legacy of the days when pilots were `` Knights of the Air '' .
 WELL AFTER ALL THESE YEARS I GOT TO WATCH THIS MOVIE AGAIN AND I MUST SAY OF ALL THE THINGS I KNOW OF MANFRED VON RICHTHOFEN HE WAS PLAYED WELL BY JOHN PHILLIP LAW.THE AIR STUNTS THAT WERE IN THE MOVIE WERE AWSOME SOME OF THE BEST I HAVE SEEN.ONLY FLAW IS THAT IT WAS NOT TELLING THE REAL STORY OF THE RED BARON AND ROY BROWN BUT AGAIN THAT 'S HOLLYWOOD BACK IN THE 1970 'S .
 Purchased this video for my husband for Christmas . He loved it , But he likes anything with military or World War 2 Air Planes . Hope to get lots of use out of this video .
 I remember seeing this film when it first came out and after 32 years finally got around to buying it . Yes it is historically inaccurate in many aspects , as other reviewers have pointed out . But for me it was the best of the lot of WW-I air combat films because it generated the feeling of what aviation must have been like in those early days.The patchwork fields separated by hedgerows far below made a perfect backdrop for the aerial shots . The everyday ground activities at the aerodromes were also depicted convincingly , though there were a few inaccuracies here too . But the `` feel '' of the time and place was captured so wonderfully I just sat back and took it in , never mind the glitches.In summary , I watched and enjoyed the film not to learn history , but to be transported back to the era for a while . I also enjoyed the even more inaccurate `` Bridge Over the River Quai . '' So sue Me !
 I saw this when it first arrived in the movies in 1971 . It was generally ignored back then by audiences tired of the real war in Vietnam but time has marched on and the objections are not as sharp as they once were . It is beautifully filmed and most likely viewed as a `` man 's picture '' , with no roles for women other than background props . The musical score by Hugo Friedhofer is excellent and is available on CD if you know where to look . -LRB- However , not as great as Goldsmith 's `` Blue Max '' music , which was probably one of the best tunes ever applied to a WW 1 air picture -RRB- . Now many have spoken of historical problems but it should be said that good situations develop in this work . One of the best is when Don Stroud as Brown walks into the mess and drinks the sour wine that had been left on the table in protest due to his disagreement with toasting the Baron with the chivalry conscious Squadron Commander and Brown 's claim that he would drink it when the next pilot is `` blown to pieces '' by the Baron . The Commander 's friend , who had won the Victoria cross was that victim and it makes for effective storyline as Brown convinces the rest of the squadron to abandon the idea of chivalry in war . We also get to see Goering collecting Picasso paintings , a humorous interpretation by the Baron 's squadron in painting their planes to obscure their design that led to the famous `` Flying Circus '' and Henry Fokker introduce the Baron to the Fokker Triplane like a typical car salesman with a sexy woman running her hands along the machine as if we are watching a commercial . Another is when the Allies under Brown attack the German airfield and think they finally have the upper hand but as luck would have it a whole truckload of spare parts arrive for the Baron just after the raid and they put the planes back together in a matter of hours and counterattack the British airfield ! We see Von Richthofen as the aristocrat he really was , a young man who transfers hunting in peacetime on his massive estate to `` hunting in the air '' . Also , the fatal flaw of that generation , intent on self destruction due to inability to deal with class change and a willingness to join his former comrades in death . It is a `` romanticized '' look at the World War 1 Air war . As usual , the allied planes are all SE 5 's which makes for boring shots of planes going down continually and the Baron was probably ironically killed by a bullet fired from a trench soldier when he flew too close to the ground in avoiding Brown 's pursuit . It should be transferred to DVD and polished so that people can appreciate the scenery that displays the beauty of nature during war to soldier 's eyes that was Corman 's probable intent .
 This is the story of Baron Manfred Von Richtofen -LRB- aka `` The Red Baron '' -RRB- who terrorized the skys over France during WW1 and the Canadian flyer who eventually shot him down . Stars John Philip Law as `` The Baron '' and Don Stroud as Lt. Roy Brown . Good flying sequences . Not the best movie but fairly accurate historically . Important to note that in the beginning there was a `` Code of Honor '' between the Germans and the Allied pilots . `` The Great Game '' as it was sometimes called . As the war progressed and more men died , those who took their place were less interested in honor and more interested in defeating the enemy and surviving to war . In the beginning there was enthusiasm to the flying . Toward the war 's end those who survived were cynical and exhausted by what they had seen . Overall a pretty good movie .
 About the only thing right in this movie is that there were Se5s and Dr1s in WW1 . The script is uninspired and the characters uninfluenced by history OR truth . In getting to know Brown you do n't learn anything about the real man . The Baron himself is played stiffly and therefore nothing of the Baron 's personality comes forth . The flying scenes are poorly done , but at least they are real planes and not computer fantasies . Nothing is revealed concerning the mysterious death of the Baron . Instead , the viewer is led to believe the Baron was so fixed upon May -LRB- his target -RRB- that he never saw Brown , and that Brown had a great deal of time and a very close shot in which to dispatch the Baron . The resulting film is pure fantasy . The only redeeming value comes from some of the flight scenes , but even then a great deal of detail is lost to the vanities of actors . Nevertheless , I enjoyed the film , but throughout watching it I was concerned that so much truth would be lost to audiences . I had to have thought ` that 's not accurate , ' at least 200 times while viewing.Still , I love WWI so much I can not help but give 4 stars .
 While not strictly accurate to history this is an excellent movie of a subject that deserves more attention than it gets - namely World War I . The film is well paced and does agood job handling the action , emotion and psychological trauma of this massive event . A good choice for anyone interested in WW I , action or war films in general .
 We watched it and pretty good movie , but not recommended for kids because it was shown some rate R.
 I enjoyed this movie . It told the story of WWI , its futility , the players involved and the tragedy . By no means perfect but very entertaining and does make you think .
 it is the story of the red baron and a captain brown who is said to have shot him down.it is one of few movies made about the red baron and is very accurate combat and history wise .
 It 's hard not to love this film . The energy level is high , the acting is impeccable -LRB- Cher really found her niche -RRB- , the direction tight and the screenplay clever and original . -LRB- It 's hard to think of Sally Field in Cher 's role , as originally planned . -RRB- My only complaint is that , at this moment , I 'm watching this film on Turner Classic Movies in a 1.85:1 LBX , though the only available DVD version is full screen . Does anyone out there wonder why we ca n't have a LBX DVD version ? No doubt , the film is a riot , and its references to opera are so approprate , so much so that the great Russian basso Fyodor Chaliapin came out of retirement to play the grandfather -LRB- walking the dogs -RRB- . Olympia Dukakis , John Mahoney , Vincent Gardenia , Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello create the perfect cast , centered around a no-holds-barred performance from Cher that 's as perfect as they come . Ah , the power of the moon ... and all that glorious music ! What a treat !
 This is one of my favorite movies . I own the Lasedisc on widescreen . I could not wait for the DVD . I ca n't understand their decision to release this gem of a movie in the full screen version only . What a shame !
 I love this movie . I 'm not usually a Cher fan , but she is fabulous in this one . Nicholas Cage is soooooo cool , I think this was one of the first films I saw him in , before he went on to be a mega star.Dukakis was wonderful , as were the parents and aunts & uncles . the fianc ? 's mother - what a hoot ! the moon , the wandering husband , the opera , the bank deposit , the kitchen table , the arm , the slap!classic good . when Cher slaps Nicholas and says `` Snap out of it ! '' just classic . the conversations , the lines , oh so good ! mom to grandpa `` Old man , if you give one more piece of my food to those dogs , I 'll kick you till you 're dead . '' love it!my dear Norman even got a kick out of it , and that says a lot ! Mr. CIA tough , ultra intelligent guy - was laughing and wiped away a tear ... he thinks I did n't see that!I think I 'll go watch it again . I love it so much .
 The film has a nice flow and plot . The music is great . It is all geared toward the Italian familia . I love Cher , Nicholas Cage , and Olivia Dukacas in it . They gave great performances . I already loved La Boheme prior to seeing the movie and bought the CD of the movie soundtrack . Anyone wanting to see an enjoyable movie and listen to great music should put this high on your list . It is entertaining and holds your interest , unlike a lot of other movies . It used to be a 4-star movie and is now rated a 3-star movie - but a high 3-star . It is a classic that will be viewed over and over . The music of Puccini will live forever . Once you see the movie , the music flows from scene to scene in your mind.A must buy CD .
 I absolutely love this movie-have seen several dozen times and just decided to buy on Amazon because of low price -LRB- probably becasue of Valentines day next week -RRB- . This is an ADULT comedy not for kids or 20 somnethings-it is slow and just so much fun to watch-can see why Cher won the Oscar-well deserved.The ending scene in the kitchen has made me cry and felt good and sad all at the same time . When the camera , at the end , flashes to this picture of ancestors of old , this made me wanting more of these characters . I wanted to see more and become apart of their family with all their faults and weaknesses.The current Romantic comedys seem to be made for teens and stupid adults-I never watch any of them they are horrible!But if you want a quiet wonderful movie about family and life give it a try.Excellent !
 Moonstruck is a GREAT movie . I love the music , and the actors . From the first time i watched it , I knew this was a movie to own ! Its warm , funny and very intertaining . Thanks Amazon !
 I think that Moonstruck is a beautiful film and well worth the awards it received . The acting by all the cast is marvellous and the choise of background music was inspired . A film to watch again and again .
 One of my all-time favorite movies . The interaction between Cher and Cage is pure magic -LRB- my favorite scene is when Cage is spilling his heart out to Cher and she slaps his face saying `` Snap out of it ! '' -RRB- . The storyline does a great job of portraying the the interactions between the generations within the NYC Italian family , and is just hilarious in its finest moments . We just loved the Grandfathers part in the film , his somewhat confused and honest opinions touch you and make you laugh out loud at the same time -LRB- Even now when I see the full moon I think to myself `` It 's Cosmo 's moon ! -RRB- . A true classic that lives up to the hype , and leaves you smiling at the end !
 This is the second time I 've watched Moonstruck and it was every bit as charming the second time as it was the first . It is so easy to start caring about the characters and develop a concern for their happiness . Cher , in her Oscar winning role as Loretta Castorini , a 37 year old widowed book keeper , is a completely sympathetic character and wins your heart as she seeks to find companionship even if it 's loveless.Nicholas Cage turns in a powerful performance as Ronny Cammareri , a tortured young man who was abandoned by his fianc&eacute; after an accident that cost him part of his hand . The chemistry between the two of them works beautifully on the screen and draws the viewer into the turmoil each of them faces as they see their lives and plans dramatically upset by the others arrival on the scene.All of the supporting roles headed up by Olympia Dukakis 's Oscar winning role as Rose Castorini , Loretta 's mother , are well performed , convincing and totally satisfying.The icing on the cake for those of us , who love opera , is the use of music from La Boheme . What is of particular interest is how selections taken from the opera parallel the action in the story . As Ronny and Loretta 's love breaks forth the gorgeous music from the love duet in Act 1 of La Boheme fills the room . Other selections from the opera are used to reflect the problems and progress of their relationship.In summary , this is a keeper , worthy of repeated watching 's ; some of the romance scenes , although relatively modest by today 's standards , gives this move a PG rating . On the whole , however , it leaves the viewer feeling good about life , love , and the pursuit of happiness.I recommend it highly !
 Having grown up with a strong southern-Italian family background , this movie and its soundtrack bring me memories of my Grandprents ' home . On Sundays , we always went to Nona and Poppa 's and old 78rpm opera records would play on the record player . Opera and the popular Italian singers of the 40s , 50s and 60s were the backdrop for our family gatherings . This soundtrack captures very well that theme , that feeling , and I love listening to it over and over , especially on Sunday when I am cooking chicken and spaghetti and meatballs for my own family now ! Tiamo ! Il familia !
 `` Moonstruck '' is a movie that I enjoy more every time I watch it . It may be the perfect romantic comedy , although I think it 's far too good to be boxed into that genre . No one writes New York City characters better than John Patrick Shanley , and this saga of a passionate Italian-American family makes you wish he wrote for the screen more often . Shanley found the ideal interpretor in Norman Jewison , who directs the film with perfect precision . He also assembled a flawless cast , and two members of it , Cher and Olympia Dukakis , won Oscars for their work , as did John Patrick Shanley for his screenplay.The movie concerns Loretta Castorini and her eccentric extended family . As played by Cher , Loretta is a slightly frumpy widow who is getting married to an rather ridiculous older man -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- . While her fiancee is away in Sicily at his mother 's deathbed , Loretta falls for his intense , opera-loving , one-handed brother Ronnie , played with gonzo insanity by Nicolas Cage . Other plots include the lives of Loretta 's parents , Cosmo and Rose , played by Vincent Gardenia and Olympia Dukakis . Cosmo is having a midlife crisis and is seeing another woman . The wise Rose knows this and decides to try and find out `` why men chase women . '' She finally determines that it 's because they fear death.The characters in `` Moonstruck '' really do feel like a family , and it is pure joy to watch them interact . All of the Castorini 's go through life with big emotions , with equal parts joy and sadness . There is a lot of inspired comedy in this film , most of which is dialogue-oriented . `` Moonstruck '' also functions as an examination of the wonders of love , as each character is awakened into passion by the arrival of the full moon . There is one famous scene where Loretta , after a night with Ronnie , walks home kicking a can across the street , completely lost in the bliss of being in love . It 's marvelous . The climax , featuring all of the major characters gathered around a kitchen table , is superbly executed , moving , and hysterical.I can not recommend `` Moonstruck '' highly enough . It 's characters will feel like old friends , and almost everything about the movie is perfect . For much of the cast , the film marks a high point in their careers . Cher was never better than as the lovestruck Loretta , Nicolas Cage was never so free and crazy , and character actors like Danny Aiello , Vincent Gardenia , and Olympia Dukakis finally got parts that they could bite into with relish.Just see it . You 'll fall in love , too .
 This film has to be one of the most feel good , charming , and entertaining movies I have ever seen ! After a tough day , a bad experience , whatever unpleasantness the world can dish out , `` Moonstruck '' has the ability to make it all better . The film takes you to a place where it is all forgotten , at least for the time spent enjoying it . Cher , always wonderful , will put a smile on your face from the first moment you see her . `` Moonstruck '' is a movie you will want to own ! I watch it at least once a month ... it 's simply the best !!
 This film stands head and shoulders above all cinematic romantic comedies . It is virtually flawless ! The writing , acting , production design , humor and pathos are all wonderful ! Even the music -- from Dean Martin to La Boheme -- is captivatingly delightful!Every character is peculiarly delightful and memorable , from the leads played by Cher and Nicolas Cage , to the many supporting roles -- Olympia Dukakis , Vincent Gardenia , John Mahoney , Danny Aiello -- even grandpa with his dog pack ! Each of these performers , plus Norman Jewison as Director , performs above their normal quality in this ensemble work . For many of the actors , this was an early major exposure in film , so the casting is also exceptional -- and we have many current acting powerhouses whose careers were altered by their effectiveness in this film.I 've seen this film several times all the way through -- which can deflate the impact of a film substantially . More tellingly , I realized some years ago that whenever I channel-surfed my way into a scene from this film -- any scene -- the scene was compelling and beautifully crafted . I agree with the reviewer who raves about the scene depicting original meeting between the Cher and Nicolas Cage characters . But there are so many others that have stunning impact -- Vincent Gardenia discovered with his paramour at the opera , amidst the splendor generated by his gold-mine plumbing business ; Olympia Dukakis scolding John Mahoney for philandering with his student in the classic line about liaisons with co-workers
 wonderful movie . if you can stand the chopped format , get it . If you want letterbox , tape it -LRB- December 2003 -RRB- from TCM . Or look for the rumored widescreen DVD version . -LRB- Why they ever made a chopped version for DVD , I 'll never understand ... -RRB-
 Widescreen ; sharp , clean picture and sound ; and one of the best movies ever ! What else could you want ? Well ... how about deleted scenes ? Gag reel ? The extras are great , but I was left wanting more ! Ah , well ... maybe on the 25th Anniversary Edition!Sometime ago I gave up waiting for the letterbox edition and broke down and bought the `` pan & scan '' edition on sale for about seven dollars . I have happily passed that one on and am SO enjoying the widescreen ! The movie is almost 20 years old and has aged well . It truly is perfect .
 Fabulous movie , can watch it over and over . Received quickly and as described . Love it love it love it
 Whether you love New York , romance , great dialogue or Cher , you 'll find this movie is a must-have for many reasons ... cute plot ... great opera scenes ... and some of the best dialogue ever written . A stellar cast of characters actors makes this plot completely plausible , while a screenplay peppered with unforgettable phrases takes this simple situation into the realm of the classics . ==== `` Bobo , take the cart away . '' ===== The classic love-slap line between Cher and Cage : `` I love you . '' -LSB- slap -RSB- `` Snap out of it ! '' ==== `` Tell him the truth . They find out anyway . '' ===== `` Yes , Mrs. Castorini , I would love some oatmeal . `` Do n't miss the breakfast scene at the end . The cut-it-with-a-knife heaviness , that ponderous awkwardness , of this scene is not great acting -- it 's real . The cast was squirming just as awkwardly as they seem to be.Oh , and the Italian grandfather with the five dogs ? He really could n't speak a word of English .
 I use this movie with ESL college students to talk about ethnic differences , cultural identity , and gender issues . It is a terrific tool !
 It just does n't get any better than Cher , Nicolas Cage , Olympia Dukakis , Danny Aiello and the perfectly chosen cast for this wonderful movie . The performances were so real as related to Italian tradition and culture , and the respect but changes between the generations . The communication using hand gestures along with the oral communication were reminiscent to me of days long gone when I lived with my Sicilian grandparents/parents and family . NYC/Brooklyn never looked more beautiful . My family loves this movie and we will watch it again and again so that we can relive memories of the food , fun , music and Italian traditions we grew up loving .
 If you like classic family films and music this is definitely one for your collection . The music of Dean Martin alone is worth the ownership , if you like Cher or Nicolas Cage .
 I have loved this movie forever . Its got real characters and real situations of real lives . Its about when we are stuck in life , fear of dying / getting old , aging with or without dignity , feeling guilty about chances lost , moaning about life ... Then again its about living but being dead inside and suddenly discoverig that you are alive , , , after all !!!!!!!!!
 Norman Jewison 's `` Moonstruck '' is a Romantic Comedy that stands above almost all in that genre . The cast , first of all , is a marvel , made up for the most part of character actors , but these are not bit players . Olympia Dukakis , for example , as the Italian mother Rose , won the Academy Award for supporting actress here . In the lead as Loretta Castorini , Cher also won her Oscar . Their performances are astonishingly good , but they are surrounded by a dozen other performances that make this film live and breathe.Thirty-something , Loretta lives at home with Rose and father Cosmo , played brilliantly by Vincent Gardenia and grandfather , played by Italian treasure Feodor Chaliapin . In the opening scene long-time boyfriend Johnny Cammareri , played by Danny Aiello , proposes to Loretta in the neighborhood restaurant where everyone knows everyone . Loretta has scarcely had a moment to agree before Johnny tells her that he must return to his mother 's death-bed in Italy and for her to ask his estranged brother Ronny to come to the wedding.Loretta finds Ronny slaving over a basement bakery , still fuming that he lost his girl years ago because Brother Johnny distracted him and Ronny lost his hand in a bread slicer . Ronny is bigger than life , like one of the characters from the operas he loves , full of passions both good and bad . He is so distracted from his lost love and hate for his brother he does n't notice the cute girl in the bakery is gone on him . Loretta performs her duties and asks Ronny to the wedding.The Loretta in the early part of the film is a wallflower , and you get the idea that she accepts Johnny 's proposal because she does n't think she 'll get a better -LRB- or perhaps another -RRB- offer . The operatically unhappy Ronny is nonetheless passionate , and he awakens something in Loretta while Johnny is away.Romantic comedies are often not very much of either . The romances are often superficial and paper-thin , and the comedy is as likely to produce a groan as a chuckle . `` Moonstruck '' benefits from a sparkling Oscar-winning screenplay by John Patrick Shanley . It is both romantic , with vivid lusty characters , and it is funny , with lines that could have been written by Quentin Tarantino on a good day , and I mean that in a good way.Gardenia is having an affair with a younger woman , played by Anita Gillette , and their cuddly moments are n't lovey-dovey , but about how masterful Gardenia the plumber is at talking clients into using copper piping . `` I only use copper pipes . Sure , it costs more . It costs more because it SAVES more ! '' Rose knows Cosmo is having the affair , and you know it bothers her . She asks Johnny why men have affairs . `` Because they fear death , '' Johnny replies , and Rose seizes the answer as if heaven sent . `` That 's IT ! '' Rose catches Cosmo sneaking in later and rather than having a bawling hissy-fit or smacking him , she tells him `` I just want you to know that no matter what you do , you 're still gon na die ! Just like everyone else ! `` Side characters make up much of the charm and beauty of this excellent film . Julie Bovasso and Louis Guss play Loretta 's aunt and uncle , and although they look past their sexual prime , they still share glances and tender touches that let you know the embers are not cold yet . John Mahoney has a pitiful , funny , sad but wise part as a college professor who specializes in seducing young college girls with his academic wisdom , but winds up getting drinks tossed in his face at the restaurant where Johnny proposes to Loretta . On one of the nights when Rose knows Cosmo is out having his affair , Rose goes to the restaurant alone and meets the professor as he dries off the latest drink-in-the-face . This meeting could have gone many different ways , but it goes in a way that allows both characters to come away without losing their dignity in the eyes of the audience . It is a wise movie to accomplish this.The climactic scene occurs around the Castorini breakfast table when Johnny finally returns from the Italian mother 's deathbed . -LRB- One of the funny running jokes is that the dying mother `` recovers '' when Johnny arrives , but enters death throes every time Johnny makes plans to return to New York . -RRB- The emotional investment you 've made in all the characters pays rich dividends in this final scene . You get to laugh , and be thrilled , and although the plot seems as realistic as a Puccini libretto , it feels like a slice of life in little Italy .
 This film was destined to become a classic when it was first released , not only due to the actors who perform in it but also based upon the story content as well . It 's a `` feel good '' movie recreating the times of our lives that either took place or were discussed around the family table . It rightly takes its place beside classic films featuring both Hepburns , Tracy , Bogie , Bacall , Stewart , etc. I had previous owned it on VHS but not DVD and missed being able to watch it occasionally so I decided it was time to acquire it again . Most enjoyable !
 i love the movie , the quality and etc , etc. very happy with my purchase !
 Okay , I am of Italian descent and originally from Brooklyn , so I can say that it is quite a realistic portrayal of that American subculture . But that aside , I found this movie wonderfully uplifting . I saw it in Copenhagen , subtitled in Danish -LRB- which I can speak and read -RRB- and it was a riot to see how they translated Italian-American Brooklyn English into a foreign language -LRB- did n't work too well !!! -RRB- Anyway , this movie will give you a lift anytime . Cheers for Cher , she did a marvelous job . As did Nick Cage .
 4 words
 I usually avoid romantic comedies , but I happen to like Cher ; even then , when my mom rented this movie I thought
 I did n't discover Moonstruck until 1998 . This is one of the best romantic movies ever made . It is funny , touching , and very rich . With every viewing , something else to like jumps out at me . So for all of us non-italian-americans , boil some pasta , open a jar of Ragu , poor a glass of merlot and pop Moonstruck into your DVD ; let yourself be carried away .
 This movie can be described in three words , and those are
 A great flick . Five stars is not enough . Cher & Cage are awesome together . Gardenia & Dukakis -LRB- as Cher 's parents -RRB- are almost as brilliant . The backdrops of Manhattan and Brooklyn look terrific . Some great & memorable scenes ... 1 . Cher meeting Cage for the first time in the bakery basement , 2 . Cage expressing his love for her the morning after , 3 . Dukakis & Mahoney having dinner together & walking home , 4 . Cher & Cage , -LRB- and her father and his `` date '' -RRB- at the opera , and 5 . The family sitting around the kitchen table when husband to-be Aiello shows up . Six Oscar nominations - and three awards . Cher & Dukakis were very deserving and this was easily the best screenplay of the year . How director Norman Jewison did n't win the Oscar is beyond me . I ran out and bought the delux '06 edition the week it was released . Slight picture upgrade - the widescreen is definitely better than the full frame , but there 's no impprovement on the sound ... dare I say it 's worse . The music and most of the dialogue sounds like it is standard stereo -LRB- perhaps even mono at some points -RRB- ... but the real kicker is the background music is so loud at times you ca n't hear the character talking . Great movie , but I feel it deserved better treament on the re-release .
 I 've watched so many widescreen DVDs now that getting a full screen DVD is disconcerting , to say the least . I 'm sure somebody somewhere had their reason for not publishing a widescreen version . One way or another , this alone gives this particular purchase one less star . The movie itself , however , is awesome . At some point , you forget that you 're watching a full screen DVD because you can end up getting wrapped up in this modern day New York Italian love story . If you 've not seen this movie , do n't expect your ordinary Romeo and Juliet romance . This is not R&J . It 's just an outrageous love story that happens to also be a comedy .
 It 's the perfect movie . Cher is beautiful and is a phenomenal actress . The story is wonderful and it has great lines ! My fave - `` Old man , you give those dogs one more piece of my food , and I 'll kick you 'till you 're dead . `` said by Olympia Dukakis , but who could n't love the infamous `` Snap out of it ! '' and `` And someday you 'll drop dead and I 'll go to you 're funeral in a red dress ! '' said by Cher . You 'll laugh and you 'll also cry .
 Moonstruck is a movie that 's fun for all ages . With casual comedy and clean language , it 's great for the whole family !
 A timeless movie that entertains equally with each viewing . Great acting ; great story ; very funny . The cast is superb and Cher is at her most beautiful
 Funny , brilliantly directed , witty script , dead-on depiction of the Italian-American family . I 've seen it dozens of times and it makes me laugh out loud , always.A la famiglia !
 We watch this movie every year at the holidays . Someone borrowed it last year and forgot to return it , so I was glad that we could still watch it on Amazon Prime !
 Cher is such an amazing actress . This movie always makes me feel good and optimistic . Each time I watch it , often w aversion who is seeing it for the first time , I find something new to love about it .
 I 'm delighted to have the movie in my library . It has been a favorite on VHS , then DVD , and now &#34; in the cloud &#34; . I 'm not sure that purchasing it at the slightly higher HD price was worth it . I probably would be happy with the regular video and it would have downloaded more quickly .
 This is one of those movies you can watch over and over . There are so many classic lines amid some great , masterful performances . At the top of the list are Olympia Dukakis and Cher . Not even Nick Cage can dampen it .
 This is one of my most favorite movies with Cher . Has a great cast of actors and the movie is really funny at times .
 moonstruck has been a favorite love story , cher never ages.perfect movie for those special nights , with a bag of pop corn and a beer , and your bab with you .
 Growing up my relatives were just like some of these characters . Very funny , touching movie . A must see . I 've watched it more times than I can remember . These people are plain whacky and so loveable . Cher , Nick Cage and other big name stars .
 One of the best romantic comedies ever made . I do n't buy DVDs unless it is a movie I will watchseveral times .
 `` Moonstruck '' is one of those films that you 'll see 100 times before you die , whose lines will enter your conversational repertoire , and that can always , ALWAYS , be counted on to help pass a rainy Saturdy day night at home when you just do n't feel like watching anything else . Its charm will never fail to raise a smile even if it IS the 100th time you 've seen it . Norman Jewison , the director , gets the highest marks for giving us this darling slice-of-Italian-American-family-life film.Loretta Castorini Clark -LRB- Cher -RRB- is a late-thirties , childless widow from a strong Italian-American family - Dad -LRB- Vincent Gardenia -RRB- is a plumber , Mom -LRB- Olymia Dukakis -RRB- a lifetime housewife , and Loretta is a part-time bookkeeper . Loretta lives with her parents in a large and wonderful old house that is supposed to be in Brooklyn -LRB- but is actually located somewhere in Toronto -RRB- . Anyone who grew up in New York during the 1950s and 1960s , and had Italian-American friends , will recognize , with a pang in his heart , the warm and sweet atmosphere of the house.Loretta has been dating Johnny Camareri -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- for years - he is nice but something of an old-maid-bachelor , and as the film opens he has finally proposed . Loretta is steeling herself to marry Johnny so that she can move on , having given up on life sending her anything better than someone she likes , but does n't love.This being Hollywood , something better suddenly hoves into view
 This is a delightful romantic comedy . Cher does a wonderful job of changing from a frumpy , overworked fiancee to a glamorous , sexy girlfriend of Nicholas Cage . Good performances by everyone .
 This is one that you can leave on in the background all day and never get tired of hearing scenes from the movie .
 The first time I watched Moonstruck many years ago , I was n't all that enthralled with it . Having watched it , and purchased it , recently , I have fallen in love with it!The tight bond between the members of the family is something that is lacking in today 's society , and so many times in today 's movies . It was nice to see that even though there could be strife and betrayal within a family , the members could all come back together and know that they loved each other.The cast of this movie is so incredible that it would be impossible for me to give praise to just one or two . However , I do have to say that the relationship and dialogue between Cher and Nicolas Cage is so intense and passionate that you ca n't help but feel the emotions they 're feeling.If you want to watch a good movie about everyday people living life , falling in love , and dealing with everyday troubles , buy this movie ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 I love this movie and have watched it numerous times . I am a big Cher and Nicholas Cage fan though , so I may be biased . It 's just a nice love story and I love the Italian flavor it has . It is really true to life ITALIAN . Nicholas Cage is awesome in this movie .
 This movie does n't have to be driven by gags and star hype to get to the end . A tremendous script and great performances by supporting actors rounds out Cher and Cages ' acting . The side stories of parental discord and search for romance complement the central love story . Vincent Gardenia and Olympia Dukakis were superb in their roles . The wave of chaos - brought by the moon - into all of these people 's lives is marvelously written into parallel stories . The release of tension at the resolution is such a palpable relief for everyone that its almost a euphoric moment , especially for the viewer .
 I just watched the DVD of Moonstruck . I have watched the VHS version many times and this is a revelation -- spectacular sound and picture , doing justice to what I think was one of the top three movies of the 80 's . To those who do n't like the full-screen format , two comments
 This movie is wonderful . I felt as if they put a video camera right in my great-grandmother 's kitchen . Cher and Nicholas Cage are amazing in this movie . What 's not to love !
 Every DVD Library should have this film . This motion picture is absolutely flawless . I 've seen it 20 times and I still laugh out loud . The Chapter search is really cool as well ... the movie continues to play in each chapter search box . What can I say ? God has come to hollywood and given us `` Moonstruck '' .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I am a true Nicholas Cage fan and this is Nick at his finest . Cher does a fabulous job in her role and the whole cast gives a delightful and enjoyable performance . I highly recommend this movie for romantics everywhere .
 This is one of my favorite Cher movies . The fact that Nicholas Cage also plays a leading role helps , too . This movie is full of passion and angst . It is about how we grow up - or not - within our families . It shows that on many levels we cause pain , guilt , and more pain for those we love most . It also reveals that among the difficulties is the chance for sweet fulfillment.This movie also has many lighter moments . The `` over the top '' drama is used to great comedic advantage . The characters , of all generations , are well rounded and very interesting . Because we are all products of imperfect and perhaps neurotic families , we can laugh at the familiar family interactions.I highly recommend this movie . Furthermore , I would like to suggest that Cher should focus on her acting career now that she has finished her -LRB- last ? -RRB- `` Good-bye Tour . '' She can contribute to many more great movies !
 This is a classic movie -- funny , touching , and emotional . Moonstruck is easy to relate to - the movie touches on many of the occurrences of everyday life that make us laugh and cry.The characters are charmingly played by the well-chosen cast . From the very well-known to the more obscure , every character is carefully cast with the actor or actress that seems to fit the role perfectly.If you have n't seen it -- do so!About the DVD specifically - I would have loved to see some outtakes or other better special features included . I 'm also hoping for a wide-screen format DVD to come out !
 I saw Moonstruck the first time at the cinema in 1988 and I loved it immediately ; it ' a a great picture that brings you to figure out how much we miss today , flicks like this one . The story is about an italian-american family who is involved in the wedding of Loretta , a forty age woman played by a stunning Cher . The event is a chance for every member of the family to come to terms with their own lives.The script is delicious and the performances of all the actors is great , especially Vincent Gardenia in a grotesque character of the unfaithful Loretta 's father and Olimpia Dukakis in the shoes of the strong and understanding Loretta 's mother.Watch it , you wo n't waste your time ! 3 Academy Awards winner : Best Actress -LRB- Cher -RRB- , Supporting Actress -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- and Original script .
 You do n't get much better than this one . The music , the casting , the setting ... all perfect . Cher may not have the broadest range of acting abilities but this was perfect for her . I would never have thought of casting Nick Cage in this role but the two of them set the screen on fire . Wonderful dialoge too . It was the `` Godfather Lite '' . When he tells her he loves her and she smacks him and says `` snap out of it '' it is a classic . And the dying mother recovered and Cher says `` there aint no miracles in modern times '' is priceless.If I could only own 5 movies , this would be one of them !
 When this film first came out , I enjoyed it but did n't think it was anything special . Then , after spending 20 years away from the NYC area where I grew up , and turning 40 , I saw it again . What a GREAT picture ! If you 're old enough to `` get it '' , be sure to pay special attention to the three older couples in the film -LRB- Cher 's parents , her aunt and uncle , and the older couple in the liquor store -RRB- . These couples embody married love , with all its ups and downs -LRB- especially the ups -RRB- . This film is a great antidepressant , with no side effects , deductibles , or co-payments . Enjoy !
 I absolutely adore this movie . Every time I see this movie I laugh out loud it is so funny . I love the grandfather and his five dogs who howl at the moon mainly because I am a huge dog lover . Actually , in some ways the grandfather is my favorite character , he is only around for comic relief , but he really makes me laugh almost every time he is in a scene , especially in a very tense moment at almost the very end of the movie where no one is talking , and he says
 Nicolas Cage , Cher and Danny Aiello are involved in a strange 3 way love affair . Two brothers who do not speak to eachother fall for the same woman . Set in modern day Brooklyn , this story of lust and love is surrounded with the Italian/American flavor that is the thread of Danny Aiello 's best film work . Throw in Olympia Dukakis as Cher 's ugatza mother , and Vincent Gardenia as Cher 's Sfachima father , and funny things happen . Add a star if you 're from Brooklyn , add 2 stars if you 're Italian . An Oscar winning 1980 's comedy/romance !
 This is one of those romantic comedy movies that only seldom comes along . Of course their are Cher and Nicholas Cage , but also Olympia Dukakis and others here who absolutely make this treasure what it is . This particular recording is okay I guess but it could have been better . But once you start watching the movie you will forget all the techno stuff and have a really good time .
 Very entertaining movie . My daughter recommended it , glad she did !! Funny , witty and a great love story too ! Would watch it again !!
 Cher and Nicholas Cage in their romantic youth . Love the opera sceneand the finale in the kitchen . Great ensemble piece .
 I received this is great condition and early ! No problems whatsoever . Also , the price was very reasonable . I would order from this vendor again .
 I received my DVD very quickly and well within the time parameters provided.Keep up the great service !
 My wife is a huge Nicjholas Cage fan and she enjoys watching this movie over and over again .
 Ordered a new blu-ray tape . I gave it as a christmas gift . The giftee watched it and reported satisfaction . Good job .
 I bought this VHS tape for a friend who loves the movie Moonstruck . I was glad to be able to get it for her , and also happy to hear that the tape was just as the ad claimed - Moonstruck -LSB- VHS -RSB- it was new and played perfectly . Thanks .
 I was in a pinch , but the item got to me in time for Xmas . Great !
 I 'm not rating the cd . I 'm commenting on the rating of November 15,2000 . I do n't know how one could watch the movie and not have an idea of what the sound track would be . It 's about Italian families , therefore Italian music . The November 15 , 2002 rating helped me see the stupid people out there . P.S. did anyone tell the rater there is `` a rat '' in sepARATe . Must be a phonetic speller and much younger than I. I will buy this cd .
 I am a big fan of the two young gun movies . The chemistry between all the actors make it a memorable film . Emilio 's portrayal of `` The Kid '' will stay in my memory forever . At the end of the movie you are left with the memory of the laugh he always does .
 A hilarious portrait of an old-fashioned Italian family and the stereotypical traits . Fine casting ... especially Cher and Olympia Dukakis in their Oscar-winning roles . A first-class story . I especially enjoyed the incorporation of Puccini 's `` La Boheme '' into the musical score .
 Cher , Cage , Duchakis , music , beautiful scenes even a moon make me struck ! It is one of the most romantic film that you 'll never forget . Told from the point of view of a beautiful widow who falls in love with two men , one is her fiance and the other is her fiance 's brother . The dilemma begins and the end is very very beautifully surprising .
 It 's hard to imagine Cher acting , much less acting well , but this is a fantastic movie . It 's so human , dealing with very real emotions in a very touching way . It 's not sappy . People in the movie are not perfect and you do n't get one of those impossible Hollywood endings . At the same time , the ending is totally believable . Nicholas Cage is great , as is Olympia Dukakis . This movie has staying power , unlike a lot of glossier movies that made bigger splashes . You 'll remember it for years .
 This is probably the best romantic comedy ever made . Perfect casting , performances , wardrobe , & music . It is very deserving of best-picture award as is Cher 's outstanding and memorable performance . An essential addition to your video collection .
 This is my 10th time screening this incredible movie and now I have the option of buying it in DVD . Bravo toCher and Norman Jewison and Ms. Dukakis
 Moonstruck is one of the best gems that 's been on the screen -- ever . Cher , Nick Cage , Danny Aiello , Olympia Dukakis all put in great performances in this Brooklyn romance , set in today 's world , but timeless in it 's tale of love . A true romantic comedy with some pricelss one liners in it . And all the time , the wonderful music of Puccini in the background . A must see . END
 Yes dear viewer , Moonstruck provides the most sophisticated elements of a good movie could offer . A great story , excellent performers and the fabulous music of Puccini . END
 As an Italian who grew up in Brooklyn , this film about an Italian family in Brooklyn has always been one of my all-time favorites . The dialogue by writer John Patrick Hanley , who won the Oscar for best script , is great . It 's hard to believe that he 's Irish and not Italian , but he hung out with Italian friends and grew up in Brooklyn . Director Norman Jewison did a magnificent job of picking the cast , the actors have great comedic timing . As for the Blu Ray , the biggest improvement is the sound . The music to this film is terrific and it sounds great on the Blu Ray . The picture is a bit clearer but not a huge improvement over the regular dvd . The extras are very good and include current interviews with some of the cast members , plus some interviews from 1987 . This is one of the all-time great romantic comedys .
 If you despair over the current state of the romantic comedy , take a trip back to the golden age of 1987 and revel in the riches of MOONSTRUCK . Garnering Academy Awards for Cher -LRB- Best Actress -RRB- , Olympia Dukakis -LRB- Best Supporting Actress -RRB- and John Patrick Shanley -LRB- Best Original Screenplay -RRB- , MOONSTRUCK was sparklingly brought to the screen by director Norman Jewison -LRB- IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT , FIDDLER ON THE ROOF -RRB- in all its hilarious , character-driven glory.Set in New York 's Italian Brooklyn Heights neighborhood , Cher plays young widow Loretta Castorini , a freelance bookkeeper living with her parents , Rose and Cosmo -LRB- Dukakis and the late , great Vincent Gardenia -RRB- . Loretta is in a loveless engagement , settling for a future with three-piece-suited mama 's boy , Johnny Cammareri -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- . But Johnny 's mama is on her deathbed in Sicily -LRB- where , one gets the feeling , she 's been for 30 years -RRB- , and he must rush to her side . Before he leaves , though , Johnny gets Loretta to promise to go see his estranged brother , Ronny -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- . There is bad blood between the siblings and Johnny wants to make up with Ronny and invite him to the wedding.Where Aiello 's Johnny is a stick-in-the-mud , Cage 's Ronny nearly bursts with operatic passion . Stoking the ovens at the neighborhood bakery with his wooden hand -LRB- a bread slicer accident , caused when Johnny distracted him -RRB- , Ronny is at first off-putting to the down-to-earth Loretta . But it does n't take her long to get caught up in Ronny 's lust for life and opera , and under the influence of a romantic full moon , the two of them fall into each other 's arms.Love and complications are in the air all over MOONSTRUCK . Cosmo is in the midst of his own affair with Mona -LRB- Anita Gillette -RRB- , which Rose is wryly aware of . And in the midst of sorting out her own feelings , Rose strikes up a relationship with middle-aged Perry -LRB- John Mahoney -RRB- , whom she witnesses continually getting dumped by younger girlfriends at her local restaurant . Everything comes together in a beautifully executed , farcical ending , in which Loretta 's grandfather -LRB- Feodor Chaliapan -RRB- delivers one of my favorite movie lines ever . -LRB- I wo n't give it away here . -RRB- Everything about MOONSTRUCK is sublime . With his background as a playwright -LRB- DOUBT -RRB- , Shanley 's screenplay is superbly structured , and his dialogue presents an embarrassment of memorable riches for the wonderful cast , which , under Jewison 's insightful direction , hits all the right notes . As her Oscar demonstrates , Cher has never been better . And Cage 's bizarro energy is reined in to a perfect level . If you 've ever looked at either of these actors ' later work and wondered why they are movie stars , MOONSTRUCK will answer all your questions.Veering between the realistic and the idealistic , David Watkins ' cinematography gives the movie an appropriately romantic patina , as does Dick Hyman 's wonderfully executed score . Overseeing the proceedings , director Norman Jewison maintains a magnificent balance . Like his contemporaries , Sidney Lumet and Mike Nichols , Jewison has never been a showy filmmaker with a signature style . The philosophy of these masters is that the style of the picture should always be dictated by the story . With a cosmic coming together of talents , MOONSTRUCK is probably Norman Jewison 's best .
 The details of the beauty of this wonderful film are detailed here on Amazon of this movie filled with amazing performances and great music . Now we have it on Blu Ray and it looks great ! The best part is that it 's Widescreen , not pan and scan . My understanding is that this is the ONLY blu ray issued and there is no full frame available though I know Amazon 's listing shows 133:1 . Ask about it and hopefully they 'll change the listing as the word gets out .
 Cher is an Italian-American widow , accountant for a few local businesses in Brooklyn , and lives in a large house with her parents and her grandfather . Her boyfriend proposes to her at dinner , then leaves for Sicily to see his dying mother . She agrees to both the proposal and to try and talk his estranged brother into attending the wedding.Oops - she ends up in bed with him , twice , then decides to break it off with her fiancee . Meanwhile , Cher unexpectedly meets her father with another woman at the opera . Surprise - he returns to say his mother 's recovered and that he ca n't marry her because his mother will then die . -LRB- Do n't ask me how that was supposed to work . -RRB- And the really good news - her father agrees to stop seeing the other woman .
 A perennial Valentines Day classic flick . An oldy but a goody . Early Nick Cage and what Cher really looked like .
 I do n't even like Cage that much , but this movie calls up something in me that I enjoy revisiting occasionally . It is the deluxe edition and it was very inexpensive , so yay ! .
 This movie is a classic and a must to watch ! Many laughs with this movie ! Great cast of actors ! &#34; SNAP OUT OF IT ! &#34; LOL !
 This is one of the greatest movies I have seen . The cast and the writing is first class . If you are Italian you will identify with the characters .
 We were encouraged to view this movie on Retreat and found it interestingly entertaining . We were glad we were able to find it for home Television viewing
 ... you would have `` Moonstruck '' . It 's that well done , beautifully shot , written , scored , directed and acted by a cast of many geniuses . Top 10 movies of all time - Has to be seen more than once to be fully appreciated . Norman Jewison 's masterpiece .
 An annual ritual to watch with my daughters . CHER is spectacular and so is Nicolas Cage.A funny tale of finding love in the strangest of places and old family traditions .
 &#34; MOONSTRUCK &#34; . wHAT 'S NOT TO ENJOY ??? I LIKED THE STORY , THE CAST AND THE MUSIC.I WILLPROBABLY WATCH THIS SEVERAL TIME AND ENJOY IT EACH TIME .
 I love this story , and Cher is awesome as is the rest of the supporting cast , especially Olympia Dukakis . Nick Cage was also OK .
 This Cher movie was even better our 2nd time around than it had been when we first watched it . It is a real joy .
 Touching , wise , and humorous ... I am a sucker for romantic comedy , and this is a good one . People are human , weak , and mature , though not everyone is all of the three.Quite worthwhile .
 Loved this movie from day one . Had to own it and got it at a great price . Works fine have used it for couple of years now .
 A true classic , I love this movie . Cher is at her best , the rest of the casting is sublime , and Nick Cage is perfect .
 A full cycle of emotions while watching real artists deliver their craft . Cher is beautiful , humorous and devilish while themen in her life complicate it and compliment it .
 My old DVD somehow grew legs and could n't find it , then saw it on Blu-Ray on Amazon and bought it right away . I ca n't make my sawz with out it .
 I simply love this movie . The dialogue and interactions of the characters are great fun , and the cast is outstanding . They worked so well together that they could have been a real-life family ! I can watch this movie over and over again , and never tire of watching it .
 This movie still thrills decades after its original release . If it is n't already a classic it should be . Casting is inspired , script is extremely clever and direction by Norman Jewison masterful and delightful . I 've given a few &#34; Moonstruck &#34; DVD 's as gifts and will continue to do so . Be sure to look for Feodor Chaliapin -LRB- grandson of the great Russian bass-baritone -RRB- as Cher 's grandfather . He gives a pitch-perfect performance and some of the best lines !
 Moonstruck is an enchanted love story . From la luna to tiamo it makes me smile and laugh . From a gorgeous Cher to a hot &#34; new guy &#34; a very young Nicolas Cage . I saw this movie in the theater and revisit it when I want to be transported by a romantic charming classic . I loved the instant access and format provided by Amazon . Get comfortable and enjoy !
 Quit bellyachin ' about the pan-and-scan format , stick to the story . If anybody exists who can watch this movie and not fall in love with it , I hope I never meet them . Cher is absolutely marvelous in this timeless comedy about a frumpy widow who is about to re-marry for convenience instead of love ; her intended is an overgrown mama 's boy who looks like he just swallowed a dose of cyanide when he proposes to her . Off he runs to Italy to visit his mother on her deathbed ; while he 's away , Cher meets his estranged brother who literally and figuratively sweeps her off her feet . Meanwhile , her dad is going through a delayed midlife crisis and is cheating on her mother . -LRB- There 's a priceless scene when Cher and her future brother-in-law run into her dad and his mistress at the opera , it 's hard to tell who 's the more outraged , Cher or Dad . Dad
 I bought this as a birthday gift for a friend . The excellent price made it hard to resist . My neighbor was thrilled and has already watched it twice !
 Life is all about Familywith Music thrown in forgood measure
 I do n't know what makes this a deluxe edition . Though I do love the movie and after my son finally fixing it so that I could watch it properly with out it stalling , I do enjoy it a lot . But do not consider it for a moment a deluxe edition . There is nothing about it that would make it special . .
 I was very pleased with time from my order to the time I received my DVD.I was able to sit and enjoy this movie with a large bowl of popcorn and cool drink.I would not hesitate to place another order .
 I DONT CARE WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT CHER , BUT I ENJOY THIS MOVIE SO MUCH I GOT IT IN VHS AND NOW ON DVD.EVEN THOUGH ITS A BIT CRAZY , IT HAS A CLITCH TO IT . LEARNING THAT HER BOYFRIEND HAS TO GO TO PALERMO FOR HIS MOTHER BED-DYING SIDE AND IN THE MEAN TIME LEARNING THAT HE HAS A BROTHER NO ONE EVER TALKS ABOUT.NICOLAS CAGE COULD HAVE MADE A BETTER PREFORMANCE BUT HE IS GOOD.IN THE MEAN TIME SHE LEARNS HER FATHER IS HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH A LADY THAT ONLY WANTS HIS MONEY AND HIS ATTENTION.IN THE MEAN TIME LEARN THE MEANING TO LIFE AND CHOOSING TO LIVE INSTEAD OF LIVING LIFE WITH OUT NO MEANING .
 This is a screwballed comedy that delivers . Everyone can empathize with some the characters dilemmas . From the widowed character Cher plays that longs for a married life and almost ends up with the wrong guy , to the Mom -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- that looks for a single answer to a big question -LRB- Why do men chase women ? -RRB- . Every character plays both their practical side and their romantic side . This was the heart of the movie . We all opt for the practical , but hope for the romantic -LRB- moonstruck -RRB- . I 've seen this movie over ten times now and I never get sick of it . Especially , the final scene at the kitchen table .
 An upbeat love story , super musical scoring , gifted acting by Cher , Olympia Dukakisand Vincent Gardenia . What a treat to watch Cher move from frump to glam .
 The music on the CD from the Soundtrack Moonstruck varies from contemperary to opra . It is enchanting . If you have seen the movie , they perfectly matched the music to the movie , so you relive the movie each time you hear the soundtrack .
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . It is part comedy , part tragedy , part fantasy , with a little bit of Cinderella mixed in . It is beautifully written and the stars do a wonderful job . It is one of those pick-me-up movies that I like to watch when I am feeling a little blue . A staple in my DVD library .
 ` Moonstruck ' tells the all too familiar tale of a woman who falls in love with a man whom she is not promised to . Yes , we have seen this story told before , at times better , at times worse . What makes ` Moonstruck ' so entertaining is that it takes the age old formula and spices it with wonderful performances that capture a deeper sense of meaning than just merely whether or not one person is meant for one person.The film tells the story if widow Loretta Castorini , a beautiful yet unkempt woman who feels as though she is unlucky , and that lack of luck has convinced her that the only way to be happy is to marry the older ` nice ' guy Johnny Cammareri . While Johnny is away visiting his dying mother though , Loretta meets his brother Ronny , the black sheep of the family , and -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- falls in love with him . Her passion for Ronny contradicts her insistence on marrying Johnny even though she knows that Johnny will never fulfill her the way that Ronny would . While she deals with this inconvenience she also has to contend with her parents , Cosmo and Rose , as they struggle to make their marriage work.Yes , I 'll say this now , ` Moonstruck ' is slightly clich&eacute;d and lays heavy on the Italian stereotypes , but it 's done in that innocent jesting way , much like ` My Big Fat Greek Wedding ' ; never in a shameless and irritable way like say , a Tyler Perry movie -LRB- do n't hate -RRB- . I actually thought that the little Italian touches helped the film blossom into something memorable as apposed to just another ` same old same ' . I am half Italian myself and while I can see how some may take offence to some of the blatant stereotypes I found that it was all done in fun , not malicious in anyway , and only added layers to the films script.The acting is also noteworthy . Cher and Olympia Dukakis both took home acting Oscars for their performances in this film , and both were truly the standouts . I ca n't say that Cher deserved to win -LRB- I 'm leaning more towards Glenn Close -RRB- but she was truly wonderful here -LRB- not what I expected -RRB- and her nomination alone was well deserved . Dukakis was even better , and I have to say that I totally agree with her win . She handled her character , which could have been nothing more than stock , with so much grace and maturity . Her conversation with John Mahoney alone is the single best scene in the entire film . Vincent Gardenia was effective , if not the biggest stereotype in the bunch -LRB- it 's always the father , right ? -RRB- and Danny Aiello is a bit lost . I tell you , I was most impressed with Cage , since I normally find him rather bland . He turned out a very good performance . His accent was right on and his emotional connection was , while still a tad muted , much deeper than most his performances and his detachment from serious emotion actually aided in the films humor.There may be a lot familiar or clich&eacute;d about this film , but there is also a lot to enjoy and remember . The acting is mostly rich -LRB- especially from the female stars -RRB- and the script is written with enough gusto to make even its most clich&eacute;d moments entertaining and somewhat fresh . Like I said , it 's not highly original and it does overdo the stereotypes at times , but its all in fun and sometimes ` fun ' is just what we need .
 At long last , the widescreen DVD as we saw it in the theatres . This American classic is a must for all DVD libraries ! No one could have filled the roles better . `` La Boheme '' is a create metaphor throughout that parallels the ill-matched people . Norman Jewison has an acute eye for narrative and photography . Food and the street scenes of Brooklyn -LRB- including the Twin Towers -RRB- serve as another `` character '' much as Vincente Minelli did in `` The Clock . '' This is a more positive characterization of Italian-Americans to balance `` The Sopranos . '' `` Moonstruck '' will warm the coldest of hearts ! The Roeblings would be proud how their bridge serves as a magnificent backdrop too !
 I wanted to be Italian when I finished this movie.Nick Cage did an award winning job at acting . Cher was unbelievable . Loved her . There were so many `` stars '' and stellar performances in this film that I ca n't mention them all . Sugar in champagne ? Who knew?I love that all ends up happy in the end .
 Academy Award Winner Cher , plays Loretta , a middle-aged widow who while her fiance is in Italy at the deathbed of his mother , finds herself unwilling drawn to his misfit younger brother -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- who is falling apart after his own `` loses . `` And while the family struggles with their individual problems , Loretta 's father finds his youth in the arms of another woman.Olympia Dukakis plays an Award Winning role as Loretta 's mother.Nicholas Cage although he won no awards for this film , does an outstanding job as an over-the-top , heartbroken man who is jealous of everything that his brother has , including Loretta.Definately a must-see romantic/comedy . I very much enjoyed this movie and hope you will too .
 This was probably one of the best films of the 80 's . I can not say enough good things about it . Entertaining , funny and heartwarming . Cher and Dukakis and all the others were just fantastic .
 A gem of a movie . Simply fantastic . Cher -LRB- in a Oscar winning role -RRB- , plays a Italian-American widower who is about to marry an Italian guy . However , he discovers his mother is dying and tells Cher to invite his brother for the wedding while he is babysitting his dying mother . There 's just one little catch , Cher falls in love with his brother -LRB- who is played by Nicholas Cage -RRB- !
 When Moonstruck was released , it caused a sensation . It won Academy Awards for Best Actress -LRB- Cher -RRB- , Best Supporting Actress -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- , and Best Screenplay -LRB- John Patrick Shanley -RRB- . To this day , it still ranks on critic 's lists as one of the best romantic comedies . Maybe that 's because it uses a different formula and , with that , is a different kind of romantic comedy . Cher plays Loretta , a Brooklyn woman who has just got engaged to Johnny -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- , the day he 's leaving for Sicily to visit his dying mother . He asks her , before he leaves , to go see his brother Ronny and invite him to the wedding . Ronny and Johnny have n't spoken in a while , there 's been some `` bad blood '' but Johnny wants to make it right . When Loretta goes to meet Ronny -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , she falls for him . It 's not an immediate , movie-like falling in love . It just happens and when she wakes up the next morning , she knows that they ca n't see each other again . He makes her a deal ; Go to the opera with him and she wo n't have to see him again . From the time when they have sex up to the end of the movie , it 's almost amazing how quickly it flies by . Anyway , there 's also the story about Loretta 's mother Rose -LRB- Dukakis -RRB- , who knows that her husband Cosmo is cheating on her and has asked various men ... Why do men cheat ? Dukakis ' performance , for an Oscar winning performance , is n't your typical extravagant performance . It 's kinda low-key . Cher 's performance is n't the typical Oscar winning performance either , but I guess it was the accent . All the actors deliver Oscar worthy performances ; Nicolas Cage has played a lot of characters similar to Ronny , which makes his performance all the more effective . A lot of the things he says would sound too goofy coming from another actor , but coming from Cage ... It sounds fine . Overall , the movie 's funny and charming ... There 's no real flaws I noticed while watching it and , with that , I highly recommend it.GRADE
 While I love the movie , I have to admit to being disappointed in this `` Special Edition '' DVD . All you get is Dolby Digital and a secondary audiotrack with Cher , Norman Jewison and the screen writer -LRB- paper `` extras '' do n't count -RRB- . What I really missed was the widescreen format . They could easily have put both screen formats on the DVD ; it certainly has the space , given the lack of extras . Picture and audio clarity are excellent and the menu is OK . While the movie itself is wonderful , the DVD does n't really live up to the promise of DVD .
 I purchased this DVD as a birthday gift for one of my dearest friends and she LOVED it -- she 's a Moonstruck fan and absolutely loved the extra clips and movie info that came along with the regular movie it 's self . Great gift for any Moonstruck fan !
 This is a superb romantic comedy , the tale of Loretta -LRB- Cher -RRB- , a New York Italian with an extended , eccentric family . She has been `` unlucky in love '' -LRB- as her family often reminds her ! -RRB- , and accepts an offer of marriage from a friend , deciding romantic love will not come her way again . Enter the unexpected in the guise of her fiancee 's brother -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , a man who excites passion she thought she would never feel again . What will she do ? What will they do ? And what will her family say?This is a consciously contemporary Cinderella story , revolving around Loretta 's transformation after she finds true love , and it works because the script is authentic and the cast is absolute perfection -LRB- Cher and Cage are great together , and Olympia Dukakissteals every scene she 's in -RRB- . To me , this movie was similar to ` Room With a View ' -- I saw it when it first came out , hearing it was funny but not really expecting much , and I was absolutely charmed , finding a film I would happily watch many times.DVD extras are nice but do n't knock your socks off
 This movie was absolutely wonderful ! It is not just a story of new love -LRB- with Cher and a fabulous Nicolas Cage -RRB- , but also a tender tribute to `` old timers '' who manage to stay in love with each other -LRB- and romantic with each other -RRB- throughout the years.Cher is good -LRB- she did win an Oscar -RRB- , but the true stars of the movie are the supporting cast -- Vincent Gardenia and Olympia Dukakis as her parents , Danny Aiello as her already-henpecked fiance , Nic Cage -LRB- already mentioned above -RRB- -- and the countless smaller cast members as the New York people she meets everyday . Her aunt and uncle are especially sweet!Being a native New Yorker , the people and the situations rang true , but the script is so good that it actually transends the New York setting . You could picture this story happening anywhere with any kind of people . And at the end , you sigh and smile at the wonder of it all . Is n't that what a good love story is all about ?
 I had just experienced one of those hectic , rotten days , that I had just as soon forget . Luckily , for the past few weeks I had the 1987 Oscar winning , romantic-comedy , `` Moonstruck '' sitting in my DVD collection , just waiting to be opened . I had n't seen the film in a number of years and decided to give it a shot for old times sake . With my feet up on the couch -LRB- and a drink in hand -RRB- it turned out to be just the antidote to make that day , melt away and transport me to another place . It is a truely romantic , magical film , that leaves you with a smile on your face . For those who do n't know , `` Moonstruck '' takes place in the ethnic , Brooklyn neighborhoods of NYC . It centers on the almost operatic , personal lives of the members of the Italian-American , Castorini family . The film introduces us to Loretta -LRB- an amazing Cher -RRB- a 37 year old , bookkeeper , who claims `` to have no luck '' in her drab , practical life . Because she is so beaten down , she would rather trust her head , than her heart . This is why she accepts a -LRB- comical -RRB- marriage proposal from Mr. Johnny Cammareri -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- a good match , but whom she dos n't really love . Mr. Johnny goes off to Italy to be at the side of his dying mother . He has but one request of Loretta . Invite his brother , Ronnie -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- to the wedding . Loretta meets Ronnie , a dark souled , brooding , opera obsessed , baker with one hand . There are instant sparks of fiery , passion between the two . Will Loretta follow her head or heart ? We also meet Loretta 's father , Cosmo -LRB- Vicent Gardenia -RRB- , a wealthy plumber . He is having an affair with another woman , in the belief , that it will keep him young and stave off his own mortality . His wife Rose -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- suspects the affair and goes off on a quest -LRB- with an amourous , college professor -RRB- of her own , to find out the answer to the question , `` why do men chase women ? '' All these plotlines converge under a brilliant , harvest moon to the beautiful & romantic , musical strains of Puccini 's opera , `` La Boheme '' . Once in awhile a film comes out , where everything just runs on all cylinders . Director , Norman Jewison has created a near pitch perfect , romantic-comedy , that works on many different levels . Writer , John Patrick Stanley -LRB- Best Original screenplay , 1987 -RRB- has written a tight , funny , moving script with tons of quotable dialogue -LRB- `` Old man , you give those dogs another piece of my food and I 'll kick you 'till your dead ! '' -RRB- . The ensemble cast is all around amazing . Cher and Olympia Dukakis both give truely Oscar winning performances . The rest of the cast , which includes Nicolas Cage , Danny Aiello , Feodor Chaliapin Jr. , Julie Bavasso , Vincent Gardenia and John Mahoney all give great performances . Finally , mention should be made of the wonderful use of Puccini 's `` La Bohemme '' on the soundtrack . It is a perfect merging of cinematic images with music . It makes a commentary about the operatic nature of the personal lives of the film 's characters . `` Moonstruck '' has now been re-released in a ` Deluxe Edition ' DVD . The remastering is fine , but nothing to brag about . Extras include an excellent commentary track from Cher and the film 's director & writer . Also included is a good ` making of documentary ' and a look at Italian food recipes . `` Moonstruck '' is a wonderful romantic-comedy , that will be a delight for most movie fans ! Highly recommended !
 I am not a great movie or television fan , and I was especially reluctant to watch a movie in the `` romantic comedy '' category . I was so surprised at this movie ! It is the loving portrait of an Italian family and community in New York City . The photography is beautiful , the music is wonderful . It is full of symbolism , foreshadowing , and watching it is a very deep experience ! I actually watched it three times in one day . I have never felt such chemistry between two actors as there is between Cher and Nicholas Cage . This movie is in the top five best movies I 've ever seen .
 When I first bought Moonstruck years ago , I was dismayed to find it was not in widescreen . However , my brother reassured me that I was not missing anything , because I was seeing the way it was orginally filmed . The 4x3 aspect ratio , which is the format I had , is NOT a pan and scan version . To make it fit the wide screen in the theatres , they cut off some of the top and bottom . If you do n't believe me , compare the two versions , like I did . In the 4x3 aspect ratio you actually see MORE than you do in the widescreen version . For instance , in the `` Cosmo 's Moon '' scene when they 're sitting at the dining room table , you can see more of the food on the table . You wo n't see that same food in the widescreen version . It will be cut out.I 'm not saying do n't buy it . I like it
 This is an awesome movie . True , a romantic comedy , but also a truthful and entertaining view of life in the United States from the Italian-American perspective . Cher and Nicholas Cage spark up the screen , and the score is wonderfully chosen to fit perfectly in the genre as well ... 5 stars ... Love to watch it .
 This was a great movie . Cher did an excellent job as did Nicholas Cage and the rest of the cast . It was funny , good love story and I laughed so many times since I am Italian and was raised in an old fashioned , Catholic/Italian home . So many things brought back cherished memories for me . Cher should have won an academy award for this if she did n't .
 I love this movie . . and this is a beautiful version . I love the extra interviews and background information . When I 'm feeling blue or that there is no hope , I just watch this over again and it energizes me ! Cher was certainly at her best in this ! So was Nicolas Cage . . fantastic !
 Great performances by all of the cast . Cher & Cage 's transformation is always a knock out .
 If you like Cher , and Cage , this is a movie you will enjoy many times over . The plot is simple , the acting is very good , and the set up will keep you laughing all the way.Buy , watch , enjoy .
 I love this movie & have seen it so many times I ca n't even count ! I 've worn out my VHS & really needed it on DVD . This was a great edition that came with some wonderful recipes too ! This movie is so much fun ... Cher & Cage 's best performances ever ... not to mention Dukakis , Gardenia and so many others . This is such a wonderful , romantic movie & the sountrack is magnificent ... be sure to get that as well !!!
 A thoroughly satisfying film with an amusing story , great acting , an excellent screenplay , music , etc. . I have seen it 50 times and hopefully will see it another 50 !
 i love this movie this is the second dvd that i have bought because i watch this movie at leas 3 times a month . there is no one like cher
 The acting was SO GOOD , especially Cher and Olympia Dukakis . I like this movie because it 's funny but it 's real . It 's about real people , not cardboard characters . I love the grandfather and his dogs !
 Whoever thought , `` I want you here in my bed '' would be a great come on line ? But to hear when and why Nicolas cage delivers that line is the true treat . Cher shows that she truly has talent . She really has never bombed in a movie .
 I love romantic comedies -- and MOONSTRUCK is my all-time favorite . Cher does a great job in the film ! Cage and Dukakis are wonderful too ! I can watch this film over and over again . The music , the beautiful photography , the script , the humor ... it 's all believable and has such a `` ring of truth '' that is so easy to relate to . The film is an adventure , is FUN , and comes as close to the `` perfect movie experience '' that I 've ever had !
 This is one of the great ones . It has some of the best conversations , and one liners ever . It 's perfectly cast , wonderfully set , and the details are the gold . Cher is fantastic , Olympia Dukakis is glorious . What a super movie .
 A full moon and as usual I could n't sleep and turned on the TV . And there it was , the explanation of being weird and so human at the same time . It shows you to trust your guts and not just your head .
 This time it took a bit longer . But I guess it was n't your fault . Russian Post is to blame . Thanks anyway !
 Great movie , lots of fun . I rent it every year so I bought it . It 's a light movie with a great cast . It reminds me of home .
 I got this as a gift for my sister . She loved the film when it first came out , never stopped talking about but for some reason she never got around to purchasing a video or dvd . She loves it of course , and it 's funny , and sweet . Great film .
 Viewed
 older film , funny to see nicholas cage before he had his teeth fixed . Great Movie , Music , amusing , love the happy ending .
 I was very happy to be able to purchase Moonstruck at such a reasonable price . I had been looking for it at all the local stores as I wanted my granddaughter to see it and enjoy it as much as my daughter and I had . The tape was very good quality . It arrived within a couple of days which was also a nice surprise .
 This is a wonderful New York Italian ethnic love story . I like it just as it is .
 This is my all-time favorite movie . I love the story of the family and the opera music .
 No matter how many times you watch this movie you still want to watch it some more . That is why I purchased it .
 Product was exactly what I was looking for . I could not find it anywhere , but on Amazon .
 I am a Cher fan . Always was and always will be . That said , I have n't always been a fan of her movies . But this one regardless weather Cher is in it or not is a true classic in every way possible . I must have seen this movie 50 times over the last 12 years and still never tire of it . I use many a catch fraise often from the movie that have become part of my everyday language . This story reminds me of my childhood as I came from a typical Italian family and we all acted very much the same way and lived in the Jersey side of NY in a 3 story house with a view of the Hudson . This movie is dead on the character , the vibe and the humor ! If you have n't seen Moonstruck , you do n't know what you 're missing . I might add , this is one of Nick Cages finest performances!Rich
 After enduring years of belly-button jokes and being passed over for superb acting chops in films like `` Mask '' and `` Silkwood '' Cher achieves a remarkable transformation in this sweet family film , in the process earning a Best Actress Oscar . As Loretta , she shines in every scene she appears in , delivering her lines with an `` eye-talian '' sensibility that 's fresh , funny and inspired . Olympia Dukakis is equally fine as her mother , and also copped an Oscar for Supporting Actress . There are some moments of sero-comedy bliss here , especially scenes with the magnificent Danny Aiello and the late great Vincent Gardenia . Only Nicholas Cage dissapoints , breathing little empathy into his character , and delivering his lines without the rich gusto that 's required . Still , `` Moonstruck '' is worth its weight in gold as a romantic comedy for the ages . Now - if only Cher could replicate its success , she 'd truly become a film legend !
 This is one of my 3 favorite movies . I have the laserdisc , but I will not upgrade to DVD unless it 's widescreen . Every other good movie from 1987 -LRB- a bumper crop year -RRB- is available in this format . Please , please , please , do this little thing !
 This film 's premise that one 's spirit somehow knows when you are about to marry the wrong person rings true to my romantic heart . Cher plays the once-married Italian New York accountant Loretta , who believes that her first marriage was doomed -LRB- her husband died when he was hit by a bus -RRB- is entirely attributable to the `` bad luck '' that came from having a non-traditional wedding . Danny Aiello plays Cher 's fiance , Johnny Cammareri , who asks Cher to do him the favor of inviting his younger brother , Ronny -LRB- played by Nicolas Cage -RRB- , to the wedding . He makes this request because he is flying to Sicily to be at the bedside of his dying mother , and because some kind of `` bad blood '' passed between the brothers five years earlier -- and Ronny has n't spoken to Johnny ever since.As you might guess , things begin to get interesting when Loretta -LRB- Cher -RRB- phones Ronny -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- to invite him to the wedding and is hung up on abruptly . `` What an ANIMAL ! '' Loretta exclaims to her mother , as she grabs her coat and leaves to go see Ronny in person where he works at a bakery . As luck would have it , Loretta gets much more than she bargains for when she finally gets a chance to have a one-on-one discussion with Ronny about why he has n't spoken to his brother in five years . The moon is full that day , which `` brings the woman to the man '' . One of the things I love most about this movie is the way that Loretta and Ronny have an intuitive feel for what motivates the other . In one such discussion , Loretta likens Ronny to a wolf who would prefer to chew it 's own paw off than make the mistake of marrying the wrong woman . In another , Ronny comments to Loretta , `` Playing it safe is just about the most dangerous thing a woman like you can do . `` I love everything about this movie -- the setting in New York -LRB- including the Metropolitan Opera theater -RRB- is stunning , the script is thought-provoking and intelligent , the actors are sensual , and even the supporting actors are outstanding ! Olympia Dukakis plays Rose , Loretta 's mother , and John Mahoney -LRB- of Frasier fame -RRB- plays Loretta 's father . There is a strong sense of family in this film , albeit a less-than-perfect family.In short , this is one of a handful of films I love to watch again and again !
 Certain stars stand out in almost anything they do . Cher perhaps like Liza Minnelli does very few movies but is a stand-out . She has real star power . In this movie we see how and why . She really possesses that magnetism , that firefly glow that very fews stars have , which is why they come and go . Cher , as they say , is a real keeper . This picture has a lot going for it . The entire cast has that eccentric , ethnic dignity we all love and crave . They are real . Compare this to the `` Century City '' school of comedy with the rich stars playing rich professionals , that is , films with the likes of Steve Martin and Diane Keaton , for example . It 's wonder bread in a Mercedes . Here , in contrast , we have the classic Italian types on the sidewalks of New York . The dialog is witty , the faces have character , even the house has soul . Cage is terrific , looking a bit like his hero , Elvis Presley . Jewison , the director , deserves a lot of credit for keeping the writer 's script as is , full of little eccentricities , verbal bumps and rough spots ; it 's a script full of life .
 Moonstruck tells the story of Loretta Castorini -LRB- Cher -RRB- and her entanglement with the brother of her fianc&eacute; , Ronny Cammareri -LRB- Nicolos Cage -RRB- . The movie is set in a heavily Italian family and neighborhood . The main story follows Loretta as she struggles with her attraction to Ronny while trying to remain faithful to her fianc&eacute; . There is also a sub-plot regarding her parents and marital infidelity . While this may sound kind of raunchy on the surface , the tone is very tongue-in-cheek and it 's generally more of a good natured romp than it is hard core salacious.This movie is one of those rare instances where every aspect of a movie comes together to form something very special . Let 's start with the music . Most often , you barely notice a movie 's soundtrack but from the moment Dean Martin 's `` That 's Amore '' begins , the music sets the perfect tone for this romantic comedy with a distinctive Italian American flavor . Next up , we have the cast . I 'll be honest , I 'm not a fan of either Cher or Nicolas Cage but they are both excellent here . And the supporting cast with the likes of Danny Aiello , Vincent Gardenia , and Olympia Dukakis seem as though they were born to play their respective parts . The script features razor sharp banter between the characters and many great character moments to make us care what happens . Put all of these pieces together with a story that is silly , yet works perfectly , and you have a terrific movie.In short , Moonstruck is one of the funniest romantic comedies you can hope to see and it has a great heart . I would recommend it to one and all .
 Nominated for the best picture Oscar and winning statuettes for co-stars Cher and Dukakis , this movie overflows with charm and humor . Cher hits all the right notes as the bewildered Loretta , but Dukakis comes off best in the tricky role of Rose - a rare woman who 's as wise about herself as others and faces a challenging personal situation with grace and dignity . A flavorful , heartwarming delight from director Norman Jewison .
 This movie is funny and well written . If you like to laugh and love a love story buy this movie .
 Nominated for the best picture Oscar , and winning statuettes for co-stars Cher and Dukakis , this movie overflows with charm and humor . Cher hits all the right notes as the bewildered Loretta , but Dukakis comes off best in the tricky role of Rose , a rare woman who 's as wise about herself as others , and faces a challenging personal situation with grace and dignity . A flavorful , heartwarming delight from director Norman Jewison .
 I have never been a big Cher fan . I never particularly thought she was talented nor did I think she was very pretty . This film changed my mind when I first saw it in the theater years ago . She cleanup up nice.Nicolas Cage also does an outstanding job as the obsessive man in love with his brother 's fiance -LRB- Cher -RRB- who he first met when she came by to invite him to the wedding . The problem is that she finds that she loves him and not her fiance . Things get even more mixed up when it turns out that her dad is running around and so is her mom.This is a love story but it is also a comedy . On both levels it succeeds . It is a movie to watch in the arms of someone you love .
 This Christmas gift for my 89 yr . old Mom was quite a hit . She had seen the movie before and wanted the convenience of playing this DVD whenever she felt like it . She enjoyed the movie as well as the extra interviews and recipes . Of course , she 's 100 % Italian , which explains her affection for this movie . Worth the money !
 There are Classic movies that can be entertaining over and over This of course is in the group.A good common sense move with plenty of good laughs.This fits in with the American Graffiti category . Robert
 Cher what a great talent . I love her in anything . The movie has a great cast you will enjoy watching .
 I would recommend this movie to any romantic out there , I mean it 's Cher and Nicholas Cage ! At first I thought it the oddest match , but they make it work wonderfully !
 As always , this film is a very eccentric love story dear to the hearts of all , especially if you 've grown up in the Italian-American culture .
 Two lonely people finding each other and falling in love . The story meshes beautifully with family characters , rish musical score , and a happy ending . I 've seen this several times and I enjoy it every time .
 I had to order this movie since my daughter moved from Texas to California and took with her this movie . I had to order Moonstruck as it is such a good family movie !!! And it brings memories of me and my daughter watching it together !
 I bought this movie for my girlfirend and watched it with her years ago and still love it . This movie is worth the purchase .
 A timeless film that can be watched over and over regardless of number of months/years between viewing . Would buy again .
 I saw the film in the theater , and I recently bought the DVD and watched it again . And , I will watch it again and again . The music on the sound track is classic -LRB- Perry Como to Puccini -RRB- . The cast is highly original and skilled -LRB- even includes Frazier 's TV dad John Mahoney -RRB- . Olympia Dukakis won an Oscar for her portrayal as Cher 's mom . `` I love you '' says Cage , `` Snap out of it '' says Cher as she slaps his face . What a wonderful guy , he stays awake during the opera . -LRB- It 's easy to believe he 's Francis Ford Coppola 's nephew , and the cousin of Talia Shire -LRB- Rocky -RRB- and Jason Swartzman -LRB- Rushmore -RRB- .
 `` When you love 'em they drive you crazy because they know they can '' is just one of so many truthful , poignant , memorable lines from this intelligent , warm , grown-up story . This is n't just a movie , it 's the tradition of story telling at it 's finest . The music , settings , and characters tell such a fine , truthful tale , I swear I can smell the food in the kitchen , dining room , or restaurant - you 'll see what I mean when you see the movie !
 This is one of my favorite movies , but I wo n't convert to the DVD version until widescreen . As so many of us have already complained , `` what were you people thinking ????? ''
 There 's a special circle in Hell for those who decide to release great movies on DVD in TV -LRB- Full Screen -RRB- format , rather than letterboxed , or in both on one disk -LRB- as Annie Hall was done -RRB- . This great , classic movie is timeless , the performances are awesome , and the group scene in the kitchen is the finest finale in recent memory . If you do n't enjoy this movie over and over , even in Full Screen format , seek professional help .
 This is a great movie . Romantic and extremely funny . A beautifully written screenplay and priceless performances by the whole cast . Cher and Olympia Dukakis are pure gold as mother and daughter . Nicolas Cage , Danny Aiello , Vincent Gardenia and John Mahoney are also great . The comic vignettes are very funny and endearing . Great insights on Italian-Americans . A gem , very funny and a joy to watch . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9 !
 For the price that I paid for it , ca n't complain , Ah ! that I mention that is in Blu-Ray , well , this was a gift to my wife that like this movie .
 Great movie and one of my all time favorites finally gets a High Def . release onto Blu-Ray . The 5 star rating is for the movie as for the picture quality I give it a nice 4 out of 5 rating . This is a nice upgrade from all previous releases on DVD . The colors , black levels and sharpness really pop on this Blu-Ray . There is more detail than every before and really looks like film quality , this looks exactly as it was seen theatrically back when it was release in 1987 . It 's a very warm and beautiful 16x9 Widescreen presentation . Though there is some minor room for improvement as there is very slight dirt specks to be seen , but really not in anyway distracting from what is a very nice picture quality presented for home viewing . You really have to be looking for imperfections to notice . The sound quality is fantastic and really sores in high quality , DTS master track is sharp , crisp and just a big surprise in my opinion . Moonstruck never looked or sounded this good before.All the extras from the previous DVD of a few years back are ported over . I am a tad disappointed that nothing new were added here , like deleted footage and maybe some newer interviews with the cast.Now the very odd issue I had with this release was the fact that Fox who is distributing his disc for MGM did n't bother on producing a main menu . Once you put your disc into your player the movie starts immediately and when the movie ends instead of going to a menu it just restarts the film all over again . I have no problem with the auto playing of the film , I have a problem when It comes to selecting it 's extras , which may not be a big deal . You can only access the extras buy hitting the `` Pop up menu '' button on your remote as the film is running , though once you start a feature you ca n't select a different extra until the current one ends , otherwise you would have to reset the whole disc . It to me is a little irritating and looks sloppy of Fox not to include a simple menu . It seems strange to me that they would n't include one as they from what I 've seen from them , always included a menu . Though it would have upped the price would had liked this released in a digibook likeAll About Eve -LSB- Blu-ray Book -RSB- . . but that 's no big deal . This movie should had been presented -LRB- package wise -RRB- with more respect than it is here . . A menu !! is n't too hard to include ! and would n't had cost extra to do.In the end with that irritant aside , this disc is definitely worth the upgrade from the DVD . All fans of the film will be very happy with it 's presentation on HD for it 's low price . Buy this !
 This film is thoroughly entertaining and full of laughs . Cher is fantastic as well as Nicholas Cage and the rest of the cast . Very funny and sensitive as well . Brooklyn at it 's best ! Loved it .
 This is an awesome soundtrack . It is fun and enjoyable to listen to . The best songs on this soundtrack are all of them . if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
 When Loretta , an Italian America widow , agrees to marry Johnny , confirmed bachelor and mama 's boy , the fireworks begin . He asks her to visit his brother Ronny and invite him to the wedding . Not only does Loretta invite Ronny to the wedding , she falls in love with him . Her close-knit Italian family offers her their insights on love and life . Cher and Olympia Dukakis glow in their Oscar award-winning performances .
 movie was good and enjoyable . Chere 's acting was extrordinary and Nicolous Cage was great . The story line is plausable . The ending was happily ever after .
 A charming , light movie . Cher and Nicholas Cage are a good match . Easy to watch , and be sure to note Olympia Dukakis . She almost steals the show . Romantic comedy at its best .
 One of my favoite films . This DVD was great quality and one I will watch often.The accompanying materials were most enjoyable . However , more could have beenshown of the production end ... cassting , editing , dropped scenes . All in all , a good purchase .
 One of my favorite movies of all time . You really should see this movie over and over again .
 i 'M so glad I was able to purchase this movie . It is one of the best movies Nicholas cage made . This way if my family can watch it again .
 Love this movie . . can be watched over and over and always puts you in a good mood
 Loved Cher 's acting and Vikki Carr 's # 1 song `` It Must Be Him '' Whoever picked Vikki 's songfor the movie/video knows classy music from a internationalsuperstar . Hopefully , we will hear more on Vikki Carr.Heard they mention Vikki again in `` Vanilla Sky '' too !
 This movie is one of my favorites - not only for the perfect story but that it was partially filmed in my grandmother 's neighborhood . That bakery was up the block from her house but closed several years ago . I loved the characters , the sets , the dialogue ... The strong bond of family rings true for not only Italians everywhere , but every other nationality . I practically wept when Olympia Dukakis 's character is shown making that delicious breakfast of eggs fried in a hollowed-out piece of bread . Sounds silly , but that 's what I grew up with . I especially loved Ronnie 's character - his plea to Loretta after their Opera night is classic
 The reason this movie is so good is that there are no wasted lines . Nothing can be thrown away from this movie . The DVD is nothing special , though it is interesting to hear the commentary from the direcor and Cher . I had to buy the DVD because we have really worn out the video . The acting is great on all parts , Cage is perfectly tormented , Cher is amazing , and the cast pulls off the perfect image of an Italian family .
 This is one of my favorite films of all time ! The only thing that outshines this beautiful love story is the superb acting of the incredible cast , most mentionable of which is the Oscar worthy performances of Cher and Olympia Dukakis . The DVD -LRB- sadly -RRB- is Fullscreen .
 A highlight of this wonderful movie is the way it uses the music from `` La Boheme '' to tell the story along with , and sometimes ahead of , the narration -LRB- which is the way Puccini uses his tunes in the opera -RRB- . When Cher emerges from the Cinderella Beauty Salon after her makeover and gets an approving whistle from a couple of kids on the street , we hear a little bit from `` Musetta 's Waltz '' in the second act -- a song sung by a born flirt . For many the opera 's emotional high point is the love duet in the first act , when in a phrase of seven amazing notes Mimi and Rudolpho pledge the love of a lifetime . We hear the same music the instant Cher and Cage 's eyes meet at the beginning of their date at the Met . `` La Boheme '' is sublime , almost perfect ; and so is this movie .
 Great movie , would be better Dvd if it were available in widescreen format .
 I just loved this movie - I have seen this so many times and still find myself completely in love with Nicholas Cage and his tormented , passionate demeanor in this flick . He and Cher light up the screen and you find yourself wanting more at the end . Another hopeless romantic film that you just ca n't get enough of .
 Even though I am not a fan of Cher , I have always loved this movie . It is well-acted and very funny !!
 This movie was absolutely wonderful ! It is not just a story of new love -LRB- with Cher and a fabulous Nicolas Cage -RRB- , but also a tender tribute to `` old timers '' who manage to stay in love with each other -LRB- and romantic with each other -RRB- throughout the years.Cher is good -LRB- she did win an Oscar -RRB- , but the true stars of the movie are the supporting cast -- Vincent Gardenia and Olympia Dukakis as her parents , Danny Aiello as her already-henpecked fiance , Nic Cage -LRB- already mentioned above -RRB- -- and the countless smaller cast members as the New York people she meets everyday . Her aunt and uncle are especially sweet!Being a native New Yorker , the people and the situations rang true , but the script is so good that it actually transends the New York setting . You could picture this story happening anywhere with any kind of people . And at the end , you sigh and smile at the wonder of it all . Is n't that what a good love story is all about ?
 ` Moonstruck ' is one of the best movies I have ever seen ! When I first heard the title , I thought it was the stupidist thing and then I watched it and it was just great . The movie has a great cast and the perfect story script . You 'll love ` Moonstruck ' You have to get it !
 Moonstruck is without a doubt one of my all-time favorite movies . If you love romantic comedies , they do n't get any better than this . Cher does an awsome job in the film , as does Olympia and the rest of the cast . This movie never fails to brighten my day ! The humor in the film wonderful ...
 This movie is great ! Nick Cage when he was younger and Cher when she was ... well ... anyhow ... they both look great and the story is clever and well built on the same grounds as La Boheme , a Lover 's classic Opera tale . Cameos by a lot of great actors of our time . The roots of the Catholic Italians in New York is intriging ... and the whole issue of age and it 's timelessness ... Definitely one for the collection !
 This is a wonderful film to watch with a girlfriend , wife or woman you are interested in . Why ? It is passionate , funny , romantic , lunatic , sweet and truthful . Cher has never been a performer I cherish , or even admire , but here is the best work I 've seen her in . She is beautiful and excellent in the part . Nic Cage is also excessive in the most melodramatic , stereotypical Italian way , a way which this film mines toward gold . Olympia Dukakis owns all the scenes she is in , and with Vincent Gardinia , the two make for a beautiful and interesting couple . It is n't long , boring or dumb . Highly recommended .
 Cher is fabulous and infectious.Danny Aileo , and the rest of Cher 's warm-hearted Italian family are perfect.And Nicholas Cage , whom everyone complained about for being `` too dry '' actually works within the context of this film -LRB- and I 'm not a fan -RRB- . This film is just about as enjoyable and warm-hearted as they get.It 's the perfect movie for those lazy , rainy days , or just anytime when you 're in for some light-hearted entertainmentCher plays a woman about to get married to Danny Aielo.But things change when she meets Aielo 's sullen , younger brother , played by Cage.This film is warm without being too corny or trite.The acting -LRB- particularly from Cher -RRB- is pretty great , and the whole thing just comes together to make an effortlessly engaging and enjoyable romantic comedy.It 's no masterpiece , but its a wonderfully warm-hearted film that even those who hate romantic comedies will enjoy .
 I never grow tired of seeing this movie . I am not sureif it is because I am Italian and can relate to so many of the scenes and actions , or if it is the excellent acting that Cher , Nicolas Cage and the others put forth in their roles.A love story that grabs your attention from the first act and holds you glued to your seat throughout the movie.Tender , sweet and loving , yet tinted with such true to life raw emotions . Outstanding.This is one movie that no one should miss seeing ! Excellent !
 This is just one of the questions asked and answered in this little gem of a movie . -LRB- btw , the answer is `` Maybe because they fear death . '' Both sweet and tart , it has just the right blend of humor , melancholy , and true love . Cher is at her best here as Loretta Castorini , a widow who falls in love with the younger brother of her fiance , Nicholas Case and Danny Aiello respectively -- both equally amazing in these roles . Olympia Dukakis and Vincent Gardenia round out the case as Loretta 's parents . Feodor Chaliapin Jr. is priceless as Loretta 's dog-doting grandfather and catch John Mahoney before he became `` Frasier '' 's dad.My favorite scene is the where Loretta first meets Johnny at the bakery . Nicholas Cage gives the funniest , saddest speech about his past . I know the whole scene by heart .
 This is a real enjoyable comedy with excellent talent by a cast of superstars , great music and a beautiful New York City setting . Cher is beautiful and gives an academy award performance !! I 'm glad she won the oscar , because she 's a SUPER actress !! Nicolas Cage and the other supporting actors are also very effective in their performances . I truly enjoyed this gem of a comedy !! Moonstruck has become one of my all time favorite films . . A MUST SEE COMEDY !!!!!!!!!
 Moonstruck has such a wonderful cast
 This was a lovely movie , but I wish it had been in widescreen format . I would have prefered that , so you see what the director had in mind .
 When MGM first released Moonstruck on DVD they inexplicably did so with an inferior pan and scan transfer . They 've rectified this situation with a new deluxe edition that restores its proper aspect ratio and with a collection of new extras . Moonstruck was the My Big Fat Geek Wedding of its day only infinitely better and about an Italian family as opposed to a Greek one . Watching Norman Jewison 's film again , you realize just how much Nia Vardalos ' film is heavily indebted to it . If Moonstruck is La Boheme than Greek Wedding is Tony and Tina 's Wedding.It 's time to use your old disc as a coaster as this edition is definitely worth the double dip . MGM has taken TBS ' dinner and a movie to the next level by including three recipe cards with fine Italian meals so that you can do your own cooking and eat it while watching the movie.Carried over from the previous edition is the audio commentary by Cher , director Norman Jewison and screenwriter John Patrick Shanley . Both Jewison and Shanley talk about their fascination with death while Cher talks about the importance of costume and how it helps her get into character . This is a solid commentary with smart observations and excellent anecdotes from everyone . `` Moonstruck
 Despite comments by previous reviewers this video is not pan and scan , it is cropped . There is a difference although I can understand how people could confuse the two . Moonstruck was originally shot with the intention of a 1:85 aspect ratio for theatrical screenings and 1:33 for television . The tops and bottoms of the frame were cropped to give it the widescreen ratio in the theatre . When films are shot for cropping they are essentially composed by the DP for both for 1:85 and 1:33 ratios simultaneously . Full frame video versions simply remove the cropping bars and show you more than you would have seen in a theatrical presentation . Pee Wee 's Big Adventure and The Shining are two other films that utilized this -LRB- relatively uncommon -RRB- process . While one would still prefer that these films be cropped so as to provide a more `` theatrical '' feel it is incorrect to call this pan-and-scan because there is no panning and the viewer is n't losing any of the original frame information.Pan-and-scan is when a film is shot in a widescreen format such as cinemascope , panavision or Super 16 and then transferred to video full-frame . In this case you actually are losing the material at either side of the film frame and you get that notorious back-and-forth panning as the transfer people try to focus the viewer on what they consider the `` important '' part of the frame . This injustice is still perpetrated for a majority of VHS releases but DVD producers for the most part have caught on that people `` want widescreen '' . So yes , most of the time a full-frame release does indicate the pan-and-scan process but not with this film .
 First off , this is a brilliant movie . Absolutely wonderful , delightful , funny , romantic , and magical . Divine . Worth a cosmos of the brightest , most glorious stars , but I guess in this case a mere five will do.But I 'm sure you 've heard what a great film this is by now , if you have n't seen it already and found out for yourself . What I want to address is the controversy regarding the new widescreen transfer on the deluxe DVD . It is indeed true that you see more in the original MGM pan & scan release -- but this is still a legitimate widescreen presentation , and the way this beautiful movie was originally intended to be seen . There are many different ways to shoot film in widescreen , and one of these involves shooting onto 1.37 ratio film -LRB- pan & scan ratio -RRB- while composing it for theatrical widescreen with the aid of two lines representing the `` bars '' you see on a TV on the monitor . This how `` Moonstruck '' was filmed , and it is done so that the director can have control over how the film will look both when seen in a theater and when cropped for viewing on a conventional television . Thus , the film is shot with more image on top and bottom than you actually end up seeing in the theater , but although you are technically seeing more in pan & scan , the widescreen is still really the `` definitive '' version.Anyway , I hope this review helps those who may be debating between which version of this wonderful movie they ought to buy . Both are legitimate -- I 've seen the pan & scan and it 's lovely -LRB- it clearly was carefully composed for both aspect ratios -RRB- but I 'm going to buy the widescreen version . Thanks , and hope I could help !
 -LRB- formerly a THREE-STAR review -RRB- GOOD NEWS AND ALTERED COMMENTS !! BUY IT , BUY IT , BUY IT !!! `` Moonstruck '' is a fabulous modern comedy/romance , a classic !! I LOVE this film , and you will , too!I had complained in my previous comment about the lack of widescreen theatrical release format in the previous release of this film , but I have just received word straight from the horse 's mouth -LRB- MGM , via e-mail at their website -RRB- that the re-release of ` Moonstruck ' on DVD -LRB- Nov. -RRB- will be available in either full-frame or -LRB- finally ! -RRB- widescreen . AND they told me , in answer to my direct question , that ` Moonstruck ' was shot in a full-frame 1.33:1 aspect ratio ; theatrical presentation was 1.85:1 . -LRB- Huh ? -RRB- I found out that most 1.85:1 aspect ratio movies are actually shot in a 1.33:1 aspect ratio , with the intention that the top and bottom of the frames will be trimmed -LRB- matted -RRB- for 1.85:1 widescreen theatrical presentation . The cinematograper and director frame the shots with this in mind . The result of this is that the movie can be transferred easily to video without doing a pan-and-scan treatment of the photography for full-framed TV presentation . In other words , you 're not missing anything in the full-screen framing . This is much preferred by the director , but still not ideal.In fact , you get MORE than the director and cinematographer intended you to see , so the framing of the shots is a bit tall , less subject-focused than intended for cinematic presentation . This is by far a better compromise than a pan-and-scan transfer
 Like the Movie , this soundtrack offers the perfect setting for Romance . With Some traditional Italian Music , you also can taste a bit of Puccini 's La Boheme . The Opera was perfectly added to the rest of the album . The perfect Romance atmosphere is set . Good Luck !!!
 Hilarious and enjoyable , `` Moonstruck '' is a fantastic romantic comedy featuring spectacular performances by Cher , Olympia Dukakis and Vincent Gardenia . Great screenplay , wonderful direction , just an exciting romantic comedy that is absolutely timeless!In 1987 , `` Moonstruck '' , directed by Norman Jewison -LRB- `` Agnes of God '' , `` Rollerball '' , `` Fiddler on the Roof '' -RRB- and a screenplay by John Patrick Shanley -LRB- `` Joe Versus the Volcano '' , `` Congo '' , `` Doubt '' -RRB- was released theatrically and became the fifth highest grossing film of that year with over $ 80 million made in the US box office and a film that would be nominated for six Oscars and taking home three for `` Best Original Screenplay '' , `` Best Actress '' -LRB- Cher -RRB- and `` Best Supporting Actress '' -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- . And now this wonderful romantic comedy receives a re-release as part of `` Cher
 Moonstruck is a movie that easily deserves five stars . However , this DVD edition of Moonstruck has been edited to a full-screen format from the original widescreen . As far as I 'm concerned , when publishers edit a film in that manner , they in effect are butchering the film-makers ' original vision . One grossly butchered scene involves Cher and Aielo -LRB- sp ? -RRB- together in the front seat of a car
 As you should first know , MOONSTRUCK is one of my ALL-TIME favorite movies . I love this film , I have since the first time I saw it -LRB- last November -RRB- and I was deeply disapointed when I came here to amazon to buy it and found that MGM had this film on a pan-scan ONLY DVD . I was MAD -LRB- I do n't mind fullscreen , as long as the director approves or the DVD has both that and WIDESCREEN -RRB- so I checked on the MGM website to see if they had a new DVD release coming . To my surprise and delight , they were in the process of printing at that time . So I waited and waited , and -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- I FORGOT about the DVD all together ! Then , earlier my mom -LRB- who also loves this film -RRB- surprised me when she produced it out of her shopping bag , THEN I REMEMBERED ! I had doubts as to the quality of this DVD -LRB- as MGM and SONY have n't blended very well in the past -RRB- but all of my fears were put asunder when I began watching this film . The quality is absolutely wonderful ! I have not seen the older version , so I ca n't compare , but I am sure that this is a vast improvement over it -LRB- being as I am very familiar with MGM 's old DVDs -RRB- . There is no edge enhancement AT ALL -LRB- on my DVD player -RRB- , which is the biggest turn-off for me when it comes to DVD quality ; NO artifacting or compression ; and perfect colors . Yep , this is one of the best DVDs I 've seen in a while , but I have ONE complaint
 I 've always wondered why the only DVD edition that has been available is a Standard -LRB- Pan & Scan -RRB- version when MGM has usually released in Widescreen . In some cases MGM titles have included Standard & Widescreen on the same disc . Looks like this new `` Deluxe Edition '' will include new featurettes and include the commentary track that was available in the past DVD release of this film . It does n't say here at Amazon or on the MGM website but , I hope they have remastered the print for this edition because the DVD that I 've always owned , the color looks very washed out . The film and sound needs to be spiffed up a bit ! I 'm looking forward to this DVD edition of `` Moonstruck '' I hope we 're not let down ! Still , a great movie no matter what !
 I adore the movies . I love a good story . I am in awe of great story-telling , and I maintain that Moonstruck holds one of the finest `` wrap-ups '' ... EVAH !!!! The sequential events at the Breakfast Table , soar as an operatic masterpiece . Body language , facial expressions , and vocal cadence , prove to be SPOT ON . The Family dynamics are full , present , and genuine.It 's now 2012 . Moonstruck was released in 1987 . 26-27 years later , it stands up as one of the great story-telling films . My daughter -LRB- now 10 yrs old -RRB- has seen it 10-12 times in her short life . It is a `` staple '' when we visit Nana and Grandpy ... dinner and a movie.My parents still own -LRB- and watch , regularly -RRB- , their VHS copy of this film . I just sent them the DVD `` whoop-de-doo '' -LRB- deluxe -RRB- version to replace the VHS.Quite frankly , I 'm scared , now . After reading the reviews of the Moonstruck -LRB- DVD -RRB- Deluxe Edition , I can only hope that the original film is intact.I would be truly sad if the DVD held less content than the VHS . It 's slated for a 7/12/12 delivery.We will find out soon enough.All I can say is , do n't mess with a good thing and do n't s *** where you eat .
 This movie is awesome - one of my all time favorites . The entire cast is fantastic ! What a great , funny , intense family this is . Fast shipping , well packaged . Highly recommend !!
 Such a great movie , Cage and Cher were hilarious and kept it moving along till the end . Even with the sappy ending ... Love it !
 I love this movie . It is not for everyone . It is a little slow of a movie . But I enjoy this movie too much to give it a bad review . I think everyone should give this movie a chance .
 Great fun . Cher really shines in this movie , plays a great average woman . Not to mention nicholas cage is such anAdorable wako in this movie u just ca n't help but love him .
 I like watching this movie especially with the big name talent in this film . Cher was wonderful and a young Nicholas Cage was entertaining as well . The look into old Italian family was nastalgic and comfy , and the music was wonderfuly supportive of the atmosphere . PG 13 easy not bad language , no nude scenes , focus on the story and plot which moved forward at a good pace .
 Cher has been a favourite performer since she began cavorting with Sunnysometime ago ... I think her best movie performance was in `` Witches ofEastwick , '' but so many have argued this one topped it ... she was so veryNew York , as was this movie ... I live in Hawaii but love New York , and whenI play and replay this movie I see it again , hear it again , and smell itagain ... you ca n't take nostalgia farther than that ... F.W. Markham , Hilo , HI ...
 A &#34; feel good movie &#34; if ever there were one ... Funny and Romantic ... some great supporting actors other than Cher and Cage . A movie to invite a couple over to your house for &#34; dinner and a movie &#34; ...
 iClassic funny ! A good movie Cher is great of coarse , Nick Cage and alot of other great actors are in this must see
 I am a Romantic at heart , love a good love story . Been a Cher fan since day one and she was on TV .
 The movie has wonderful characters , well played . Every one of them . The story line of finding and maintaining loving relationships within a loyal family is quite special .
 I had forgotten what a good actress Cher really is and in this movie she does a great performance . This film is full a wonderful actors that are funny and the reveal the Italian American culture.I loved it .
 All the actors in this movie are wonderful . This is a beautiful feel good movie that makes you want to go to some little Italian Restaurant and eat good food .
 Moonstruck has always been on my Favorites list , but have n't seen it in years . Revisiting this film recently reminded me how truly magical and timeless is really is !
 this DVD is a good show . it is good to see DVDs still widely availible . DVD is able to have true stereo , and , or sourround sound .
 To one of Italian heritage , this movie is a classic . It 's one of those few films where all the pieces fall into place to produce a great effect . It combines the commonness of a typical italian family with their unquenchable love of family through thick and thin and and their uncommon love of beautiful music.Moonstruck -LRB- Award Series -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 It 's just as good the second and third time that I 've watched this love story , integrated with a lot of comedy . Nicholas Cage was his handsome , intense best , and Cher , as always , was beautiful and very believeable as an actress . Danny was pefect as the dumbo brother , and Vincent played a cheating husband -LRB- and plumber -RRB- right to the end when he says he will stop with the mistress . A good , fun movie to watch with the family and a big bowl of popcorn and/or spaghetti or a huge pizza under the full moon . I totally enjoyed the old grandfather with his bunch of mutts . Unforgettable movie and plenty of laughs .
 Moonstruck tells the story of Loretta Castorini -LRB- Cher -RRB- and her entanglement with the brother of her fianc&eacute; , Ronny Cammareri -LRB- Nicolos Cage -RRB- . The movie is set in a heavily Italian family and neighborhood . The main story follows Loretta as she struggles with her attraction to Ronny while trying to remain faithful to her fianc&eacute; . There is also a sub-plot regarding her parents and marital infidelity . While this may sound kind of raunchy on the surface , the tone is very tongue-in-cheek and it 's generally more of a good natured romp than it is hard core salacious.This movie is one of those rare instances where every individual aspect comes together to form something special . Let 's start with the music . Most often , you barely notice a movie 's soundtrack but from the moment Dean Martin 's `` That 's Amore '' begins , the music sets the perfect tone for this romantic comedy with a distinctive Italian American flavor . Next up , we have the cast . I 'll be honest , I 'm not a fan of either Cher or Nicolas Cage but they are both excellent here . And the supporting cast with the likes of Danny Aiello , Vincent Gardenia , and Olympia Dukakis all seem as though they were born to play their respective parts . The script features razor sharp banter between the characters and many great character moments to make us care what happens . Put all of these pieces together with a story that is silly , yet works perfectly , and you have a terrific movie.In short , Moonstruck is one of the funniest romantic comedies you can hope to see and it has a great heart . I would recommend it to one and all .
 Love can be very confusing . And never more so than in Norman Jewison 's classic romantic comedy Moonstruck . Starring Cher , in an Academy award-winning role , Nicolas Cage , Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis -LRB- also winning an Academy award -RRB- , Moonstruck assembles an all-star cast for a wondrously entertaining film about unexpected romance , true love and good luck.Loretta Castorini -LRB- Cher -RRB- has been married once before but , presumably due to bad luck , her husband was hit by a bus . When Johnny Cammareri -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- proposes to her , she feels that it is her final chance at happiness , even though she does n't really love him . Johnny makes a trip to Sicily to visit his dying mother , and asks Loretta to invite his estranged brother to their wedding , scheduled one month away . She goes to visit Ronnie Cammareri -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- who has n't seen his brother in five years because he blames him for an accident that cost him his hand . Despite Ronnie 's tormented , wild and crazy attitude , Loretta falls madly in love with him and must decide what exactly to do about it.The film starts slow but is careful to concentrate on crafty character development . By the time hearts are broken and love-struck characters are confused , we completely understand and care about these people and their disoriented lives . Moonstruck essentially observes the various reasons people become unfaithful , and how true love can always win - especially in a lighthearted romantic comedy like this . By the time the absolutely stunning and hilarious dinner table conclusion unfolds , everyone is thoroughly distraught , nervous and bamboozled by who has cheated on whom and who will end up with whom . But happiness is a counterpart of love and those who are meant to be together can not be separated for long.The cast is unbelievably spectacular and are most worthy of the nominations , awards and accolades they received . Cher conveys moonstruck blind confusion over Cage , and yet always keeps her wits about her , knowing that the immoral decisions she makes are spontaneous passion hopefully steering in the course of true love . Cage is unexpectedly rambunctious , crazy , and hilarious as the Casanova-with-a-wooden-hand - he too knows the power of whimsical love and is determined in his pursuit of Loretta . Olympia Dukakis is the intelligent , levelheaded mother Rose , Vincent Gardenia is the father fearful of death , and Aiello is the mother 's boy , fragile man that frequently creates and solves problems simultaneously.What exactly is love , and does it matter ? Is it a double slap in the face or kicking around an empty soda can in the midst of a rainy street ? Moonstruck paints it out to be loud , bright , operatic and confusing , but it sure is entertaining . Whimsical and not too serious , this hysterical exercise in finding true love and having good luck is a classic romantic comedy that should n't be missed . - Mike Massie
 Cher is one of my all time favorite people and I can watch this movie time and time again .
 A very good yet different comedy romance . Cher and Nickolas Cage are a great team in this movie !
 I love the movie I also like the xtra stuffs that came with it
 Excellent soundtrack ... perfect for having friends over for a nice dinner , even if you are n't serving Italian !!
 Ever since her incredible debut with Sonny Bono in 1965 , Cher has been known to be one of the mos successful female musical acts known to the world . Cher has had a hugely successful career in music ; she was well-known with Sonny , but it was her solo career that seemed more successful . But Cher was n't about to be successful in just the music business ; Cher wanted to be successful as an actress as well . Cher has starred in a wide load of movies , such as ` Chastity ' , where she played the title role , ` Silkwood ' , where she played Dolly Pelliker , ` Mask ' , where she played Florence ` Rusty ' Dennis , ` Suspect ' , where she played Kathleen Riley , ` The Witches Of Eastwick ' , where she played Alexandra Medford , etc. . But it was her role as Loretta Castorini in the romantic comedy , ` Moonstruck ' that made her another one of today 's best actresses.Taking place in New York City in 1987 , Cher playes Loretta Castorini , a lonely Italian widow , who is longing for her Prince Charming to sweep her up off her legs and get her out of her misery . Loretta goes to dinner with her best friend , Johnny Cammareri -LRB- played by Danny Aiello -RRB- . Johnny surprisingly proposes to Loretta , and she happily accepts . Although Loretta likes Johnny a lot because he is her best friend , she knows for a fact that she does not love him . After dinner , Loretta drives Johnny to the airport , for he is flying to Sicilly to be by the side of his dying mother . Before he boards the plane , Johnny gives Loretta the number to his brother 's place , and tells her to invite his brother to the wedding . The two lived their lives without seeing or speaking to each other for five years , due to an accident . Loretta assures Johnny that she 'll do so and goes home to tell her mother and father , Rose and Cosmo Castorini -LRB- played by Olympia Dukakis and Vincent Gardenia -RRB- . Loretta wakes up the next morning , with a phone call from Johnny , asking if Loretta had called his brother yet . Loretta informs Johnny that she 'll do so when she hangs up with Johnny . She calles Johnny 's brother , but his brother sounds very bitter about Johnny getting married first . Loretta walks down to where Johnny 's brother works . Ronny Cammareri is Johnny 's brother and he works in a little bread factory , who is still miserable after losing his hand in a bread chopper . He feels Johnny was responsible since , Ronny was using the chopper to chop up some bread for Johnny . Loretta takes Ronny back to his place and begins to explain the truth to Johnny 's misery . But the two wind up sleeping together.The next morning , Loretta wakes up the next morning only to find Ronny by her side and flips out . She realizes that what she did was wrong , for she is still engaged to Johnny . But Ronny finds himself having fallen madly in love with Loretta ... literally . Ronny invites Loretta to the opera , telling her that he loves her dearly and loves the opera dearly . He then says that if he could be with the woman he loves for one more night and to spend the night with the woman he loves by attending a show he loves dearly , he would promise not to bother Loretta again . Loretta goes to the Met , where she meets up with Ronny . The two sit through the opera , very much enjoying the show . Loretta seemed to have enjoyed very much , until she finds her father with a woman and that woman is not her mother . Ronny and Loretta go back to Ronny 's place . Loretta does not want to be unfaithful , since she has been unfaithful to Johnny already once . But she knows that she does not love Johnny , for she is madly in love with Ronny and , for the first time , really sees that Ronny is love with her . Will Loretta leave Johnny for Ronny , or will she stay with Johnny ? Watch this classic romantic comedy and you 'll find out .
 Okay I admit it . I 'm a chick . That does n't mean I have to like chick flicks . I worked as a store manager of a video store for 5 years . I got up to 21 movies a week to preview for free . It was VERY rare I took advantage of this with a `` chick flick . `` Maybe it 's the Italian in me . Maybe it 's the fact I 'm such a Nicolas Cage fan . Maybe it 's that family means the world to me . Or maybe . . I 'm just a sucker for fairy-tales . `` Moonstruck '' tells the tale of Loretta Castorini , a 30-something widow who is too practical for her own good . She has a cynical additude about love , and is very superstitious . She lives with her parents and grandfather -LRB- and his seven-or-so dogs -RRB- . She has been seeing a man , who she likes , but not is in love with . When he proposes , she accepts . Before he goes on a business trip , he asks her to go to his brother and invite him to the wedding . She does , and the real story begins.As for the DVD , I 'm honestly waiting for a special edition to come out before I buy it . My VHS copy is worn from so many views , but if I can get some deleted scenes and the like out of it , I 'll be happy.Also , I 'm an 80 's child . I love 80 's movies , pop culture and music . The sountrack from this movie is anything but . However , it is definitely worth purchasing ~ whether you 're Italian by heritage or a romantic by nature .
 This is one of the best films of all time . the cast is supurb Cher is brilliant and what can I say about Olyumpia DucarKis but fabulas the whole film is brilliant Watch it and if you do n't agree with me then there is something wrong with You!Yours FaithfullyShaun Warburton
 This movie will inspire you to see La Boheme . It did me . And I loved it . Excellent film .
 An older movie but enjoy watching it over and over . Very funny one of Cher 's best roles .
 I saw this movie when it was first released and have wanted to purchase for a while . It was great to go back into the space in my head when this movie was first released and look at what the actors in the movie have done with their careers since then . The whole movie is well acted and great to watch . Cher played a great part and a young Nicolas Cage was a good looking guy in his youth . I really would recommend this movie as a great way to relax on a weekend afternoon . Though one thing I was curious about , Cher 's father in the movie states he has been married for 52 years , but they live with his father - Cher 's grandfather which would make him over 90 . He is a very active ` over 90-year old ! ' Still this is a great movie .
 NOTE
 The perfect role for Cher . This movie is very passionate!Amusing as well ! I loved it .
 I have always loved this film . This has not changed in the years since it was released.I have a question for the film makers . Why did it take until 2006 until this wide screen edition of the film was available ? New York City is a character in the film . Landscape shots make it so.I waited until I got this DVD , keep watching for it to come out.Great script . Cast perfect except for Cage . I am NOT a fan of his.I remember years ago that Olympia had her Oscar stolen . She deserved it . Cher did as well along with the script .1 thing I do NOT like about this edition of the film . NO chapter search list or ANY INFORMATION ON THE FILM PROVIDED INSIDE . Instead you get a recipe cards ? IS THIS a cooking DVD ? I do NOT think so . THOUGHT IT WAS A CLASSIC , OSCAR WINNING FILM .
 MOONSTRUCK is a fabulous film.However , both copies I ordered from AMazon got stuck at the same scene , skipping the following scene if I was able to fast forward it.I returned both copies with paperwork for each order in the same box , but received credit back for only one copy.I 'm still ordering from Amazon with the hope that this was just a bad batch of Moonstruck copies and a human oversight that there were two bad copies returned.So == The film is great , but there is a batch of them that are badly flawed .
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE.AND CHER GIVES A SOLID PERFOMANCE.THIS MOVIE IS ONLY AVAILABLE , IN FULL SCREEN AT THIS TIME.I HAD SEEN I WIDESCREEN VERSION IN THE PAST , BUT I DID NOT BUY IT.PERHAPS MGM WILL RELEASE THIS GEM IN WIDESCREEN , IN THE FUTURE.I RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE.A 4 STAR PERFORMANCE.THIS MOVIE SHOULD BE AN EXCELLENT ADDITION TO YOUR MOVIE COLLECTION .
 `` Moonstruck '' is one of the best movies of the past 20 years . The plot is corny , but superb writing makes it seem natural and enjoyable . Excellent acting by Nicholas Cage , Olympia Dukakis , Vincent Gardenia , and Cher -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- . Filmed in some very picturesque NYC locations . It all adds up to a movie you can enjoy more than once .
 Having watched the movie many times before , I still enjoyed watching it again on DVD , just to hear the commentary from the director , writer , and star . You will be amazed to hear that the studio was not going to allow Nicolas Cage to play Ronny . You will be amazed to hear how difficult the shooting of the final kitchen scene was.I subtract one star from this five-star movie because the DVD is not in letterbox format .
 This is my favorite movie of all time . I love the part played by Nicholas Cage before he went big time Hollywood . Cher is georgeous , vulnerable , but strong . The professor who dates a series of his students could have been my former husband , also a philandering professor . The grandfathere with his accent and his dogs is precious . I find myself quoting the movie ... `` do n't drop nasty digested food from my toosh where you eat '' and `` I 'm confused '' and , especially , `` love ... breaks your heart . ''
 It 's amazing or is it ? Amazon lists one of my all time favorite movies as coming out on blu ray . I am thrilled and then I see the aspect ratio is 1:33 which is standard screen format . Remember the shape of our old tube TVs that 's it ; and how movies were edited either in pan and scan or , worse yet , the sides were merely lopped off , to fit . It seems this release may not be the 1:85 wide screen of the Deluxe Edition that I double dipped to purchase a couple of years ago , but the original issue 1:33 standard screen edition.Let 's hope that Amazon has made a mistake and printed the wrong specs . Why , because this wonderful movie deserves to be seen without having almost a third of the picture lopped off the edges . I do n't know about you , but I believe that the director shot it in a specific aspect ratio so we could share the same gorgeous framing he shot of the moon , the evenings and that special neighborhood.I do n't know if MGM really intends to market this product in pan and scan or wide-screen , but I will be watching . I hope you do too . We should support products that respect the wishes of the directors and present their work as intended , not butchered by studios for some bazaar reason.So lets work on the assumption that it 's just a mistake . Right?Do you hear me MGM ? -LRB- NOTE
 Loretta Castorini , a Brooklyn bookkeeper in her late 30s whose husband died several years earlier in a bus accident , decides it 's time to get married again . So she accepts the proposal of a nice , middle-aged fellow named Johnny Cammareri . Loretta is convinced her first marriage was cursed because she and her husband had gotten married at City Hall ; this time , she 's determined to do things right , even as she admits to her mother , Rose , that she 's not really in love with Johnny . Rose speaks from rueful experience ; she suspects , with good reason , that her husband , Cosmo , is cheating on her . Loretta is convinced that marrying Johnny is the safe and sure thing to do - until she meets his estranged younger brother Ronny , who tends the ovens in a neighborhood bakery . Loretta discovers that in startling contrast to the pleasant , mild-mannered Johnny , Ronny is moody and passionate ; what follow are complications worthy of a comic opera . So wonderful , so quirky , so romantic , so Italian . This movie is so feather - light you float off into its refracted reality and you never want to return to the humdrum again . This movie has something for everyone with a heart and leaves you filled with joy in the end .
 I recently took a bus load of seniors on a bus trip . The trip was 3 hours long . We usually have a movie to show so the time goes faster . I picked Moonstruck . It was very funny and very light hearted . It was quite a hit . The seniors were mostly Italian and they really enjoyed the movie . Some of them missed it when it came out quite a few years ago . It 's the first time they showed appreciation of a movie by clapping . I was very pleased .
 A great ensemble piece with a lot of heart . A perfect cast and direction make this movie a real gem . The diverse plot lines work smoothly in counterpoint and ultimately intertwine perfectly at the film 's end . A heart-warming tribute to the overall importance of family relationships . If you only buy one DVD this year , this is the one to get . A delight from beginning to end .
 Moostruck is one of those rare films in which everything -- ensemble cast , music , script , cinematography -- comes together in a perfect mesh.The movie is nothing more than it pretends to be
 Moonstruck is my favorite movie ever . To categorize it as simply a `` romantic comedy '' is doing it an injustice . It is good for so many reasons
 I bought this DVD to replace my aging VHS version . Cher and her family are hilarious in this love story of New York Italians living on the Lower East Side of Manhattan . The late Vincent Gardenia is perfectly cast with his grim facial expression and his own serious fantasy of a little extramarital fling . Cher as the Cinderella character and a very young Nicolas Cage as her Prince Charming is skinny , has some hair , and waxes poetic on the trials of love . Olympia Dukakis is superb as the wise , yet cynical mother and the whole story will leave your sides aching from laughter and even a few tears .
 Moonstruck is an entertaining film about love and traditional Italian family values . Cher makes the film fun with her Acadamy Award winning performance . Cher 's character , Loreta ; a widowed Tax Advisor rekindles her Love life and becomes engaged . While notifiying the rest of the Groom 's family she gets ` Moonstruck ' and falls in love with her fiance 's brother . While dealing with her feelings and the love triangle she finds out about her father cheating on her mother in a scene at the New York Metropolitian Opera presentation of `` La Boheme '' . Moonstuck is full of laughs and smiles that most of us experience during our mid-life . I strongly recommend this film to anyone that enojys an out of the ordinary love story .
 Moonstruck -LRB- 1987 -RRB- Cher won an Oscar opposite Nicolas Cage in this sweet little comedy about the full moon 's effects on the city of New York and its inhabitants . A charming May-December romance story with excellent performances all around , headlined by Cher , Olympia Dukakis as her self-assured mother , and Nicolas Cage as the obsessed baker in search of a woman who combines lust and desire with respect and elegance . This he finds in Cher 's character , but will the moon bring them together or tear them apart ? The argument Cage makes near the door of his apartment as to why they should be a couple is simply priceless . Frasier 's John Mahoney shines as a lovelorn communications professor along with an excellent supporting cast . This is THE perfect date film , no matter what your age is !
 Yes , Cher and Moonstruck are better than Meg Ryan/Nora Ephron 's films including When Harry Met Sally . There 's something about the visuals of the Meg Ryan movies that always bothered me -LRB- Pottery Barn magalogues bother me -RRB- but Moonstruck is EXACTLY what I like from the real estate to the brick lipstick . There are even lucrative plumbing contracting and bread operations - ooh !
 Even thought I 'm not the biggest of Cher fans , this movie was her crowning achievement . She won the Academy Award for this one , this was before all the tabloid stuff and her awkwardness of the 90s set in . Still , I like Cher . She 's made something out of nothing , and she always lands on her feet.Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this movie , a dowdy young widow named Loretta living in New York with her extended family . They 're Italian-American , loud and always at each other in someway . She has been going out with Johnny Camarary for a while , a nice mamma 's boy man , and he asks her to marry him . She says yes . I loved her mom 's questions
 There are a very few films that create their own special , magical world -- creating a heightened , poetic sense of whimsical reality -- and sustain belief in that world from beginnng to end . Norman Jewison 's Moonstruck , based on the superb screenplay of John Patrick Shanley , is one of those films . Everything about this movie -- from the casting to the dialogue to the mesmerizing imagery of La Bella Luna -- is exactly , perfectly right , and persuades you that to be an Italian in New York is the most wonderful thing in the world . It 's heartbreaking to see Cher in her current incarnation as a worldwide freak show , after her great -LRB- and deservedly Oscar-winning -RRB- performance in this film . But she also deserves credit for insisting on Nicolas Cage as her leading man in Moonstruck , at a time when Cage seemed like something of a freak show himself . Cher deserves our thanks , for Cage and Ronny Cammareri were a perfect marriage of actor and role . He and Cher have chemistry by the truckload , and it is impossible to imagine any other actors in the roles of Loretta and Ronny . There is also the perfect casting of Olympia Dukakis , who looks absolutely like Cher 's mom and has what may be the best comic entrance line in the history of the movies -LRB- `` Who 's dead ? '' -RRB- . Vincent Gardenia , John Mahoney , Danny Aiello , Feodor Chaliapin , Louis Guss , Julie Bovasso , Anita Gillette -- the litany of exquisite comic performances in `` Moonstruck '' goes on and on . Seeing this movie again after a long time , it 's a bit of a shock to see how death-obsessed the film is -- from the answer to Dukakis ' question about why men chase women -LRB- `` I think it 's because they fear death '' -RRB- to the incidental but deliberately placed appearance of a bus -LRB- Loretta 's first husband was killed by one -RRB- . Yet the death imagery mixes well with the movie 's themes of passionate romantic love and family loyalty , reminding us to gather our rosebuds while we may . Moonstruck is one of those movies you can see again and again without ever getting tired of it . Just seeing it makes the whole world seem -- to borrow a line from John Mahoney 's character -- `` as bright and full of promise as moonlight in a martini . ''
 This is a review for MOONSTRUCK -LRB- 1987 -RRB- directed by Norman Jewison . I am not a Cher fan and really was n't looking forward to seeing MOONSTRUCK but found it to be a very pleasant surprise with most everyone in the cast , including the star , low keying their roles instead of the angry ethnic shoutfest that I was anticipating . A very nice script by John Patrick Shanley kept things in focus and Norman Jewison 's direction had it all flowing smoothly.In the story Cher plays an accountant who does books for small businesses andgets involved in other peoples ' problems while she , at the age of 38 , is stillon the lookout for a possible husband.I ca n't think of one thing to complain about in this very enjoyable film , which makes it all the more unusual.I have no choice but to give MOONSTRUCK Five Stars .
 This is a very funny romance . A widow approaching middle age and living with her parents in Brooklyn , accepts a proposal from a boring , but reliable man . He goes back to Sicily to tell his dying mother about it . She is charged with telling his estranged -LRB- and Strange -RRB- brother about it . They instantly fall in love . She refuses to end her betrothal , but agrees to go to the opera with him . In between , her family causes confusion.This movie is very funny and the cast could n't be better . Although it helps if you are Italian and come from Brooklyn , the movie appeals to everyone and I find myself watching it again and again .
 While visiting my daughter in NJ from the west coast , she took me to the Met for the first time . In the week before we went , we watched this movie twice . The day of the opera , she kept saying , let 's go get our nails done . I just could n't get into it . I told her -LRB- sincerely -RRB- , `` I do n't see why . It 's not like we 're going to be meeting Nicholas Cage there '' . Well , we saw Carmen , and as exciting as it was on its own , the experience was heightened by having the memories of this charming movie running through our minds .
 A great all-around movie especially if you 're Italian or an Italian wannabe like my husband . We watch this movie several times a year . Cher is great in it and so is the ensemble cast . I highly recommend it !
 Kind of an old story
 I bought this copy of Moonstruck as a gift , because I love the movie so incredibly . It shows the twists of life and love amidst traditional family values . The acting talent in the movie are absolutely stunning and provide for magical moments all throughout the show . Do n't miss out on this great classic.R.Y.Novi , MI
 Cher , Nicholas Cage , Olympia `` Who 's Dead '' Dukakis ... how can life get any better ? If you watch this movie and do n't have a craving for Brut with sugar cubes , Puccini and Pasta , then you are not alive.I was introduced to this movie by my fiancee , and I now equate her loveliness to this film , so perhaps I am biased , But I am swept off my feet by this classic , and my love .
 This is perhaps the most romantic movie I have ever seen . But do n't let the word romantic turn you away-this movie is hilarious . There is something in this movie for everyone . Cher and Olympia are great and both deserved the Oscar . It 's not full of fluff or trash-it 's the perfect date movie.also reccomended
 This CD is beautiful ! The mixture of classic Italian music and opera actually works ! Like the review before , this is wonderful music for dinner for two or more . Buy it with the Big Night soundtrack and have a splendid dinner party !
 This movie is simply wondeful . I have seen it more times than I can begin to count , and I still can not find a single fault in it . The acting is superb from all angles - from the actors in the fore-front to extras with only three lines EVERYONE comes across perfectly and realistic . The plot is well-written and executed , and the soundtrack works seamlessly with the action . The best part is that it no matter how many times you see it , this movie will continue to be as enjoyable as the first time . In fact , I think I love it more with every viewing . It may help to be from an Italian family like I am - because only then can you see just how realistic the characters are . I could point to every one of them and give them a real-life counterpart . But even if you are n't you will appreciate it for its brilliance . This is one of my all-time favorite movies -LRB- if not the number one -RRB- . I could go on , but just trust me and see this movie !
 `` Moonstruck '' is one of my all time favorite films . Frothy , romantic , and poignant , this film is one to watch over and over again . All of the characters are loveable and endearing . I feel like I am part of the Castarini family every time I watch it . The script is absolutely perfect . Every line is quotable . One of my favorites is Rita 's wry , `` Cosmo ca n't OWN the moon ! '' Puccini 's gorgeous melodies from `` La Boheme '' make the perfect musical backdrop for this contemporary masterpiece . A gem !
 I detest romantic comedies . But every time I happen across ` Moonstruck ' on TV , I stop in my tracks and must watch it through to the end . I am a loyal Nicolas Cage and Cher -LRB- film only !! -RRB- fan , and for me , this movie is one of the best from each of them . Unforgettable dialogue ; clever , dry wit ; beautiful photography ; flawless delivery ... . I know it so well I can practically recite it , but continue to find new treasures every time I see it . To me , that 's a well-made film .
 Great in the Original , because this DVD version is `` pan and scan '' and leaves out the sides of the screen . That I hate , so beware in that sense . I 'll be the first in line to get the original widescreen version when it comes out.This film is about as perfect a romantic comedy as you can get without being `` snow '' or the `` stars . '' That scene after the opera when Ronnie -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- is imploring Loretta -LRB- Cher -RRB- to come into his apartment is indeed perfect
 Many of my fellow reviewers here at Amazon are very concerned with the format with which the DVD was released . They must have been very concerned about how this formatting choice impacted the story as it unfolded.My focus was on the acting and the characters and how they filled the story ... . and fill the story they each most certainly did.Each actor 's portrayal could be a study in itself , from the starring roles to the minor , one scene cameos and supporting players
 I puts me in the mood for love ! Gorgeous and good-vibed , like music should be . I am not Italian , but feel like I am after watching this movie and hearing this music .
 I saw this movie when it came out in the 80 's and enjoyed it then . A lighthearted romance with a few laughs , I would recommend it .
 This is a favorite of ours . My wife and i have probably watched it over 20 times . Every time we go to a favorite Italian restaurant of ours we then come home and watch this . Some nice extras included with thiis BD release . The BD transfer is very well done .
 This Oscar-winning comedy stars Cher as Loretta Castorini , an Italian American widow , who lives with her parents Cosmo -LRB- Vincent Gardenia -RRB- and Rose -LRB- Olympia Dukakis -RRB- . At the outset , Loretta 's boyfriend Johnny Cammareri -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- proposes to her and though she accepts she wants Johnny to propose properly , on one knee , and is adamant there will be a proper wedding as well . Loretta believes bad luck caused her first marriage to end in her husband 's tragic death and this was due to them not having a proper wedding . No sooner has Johnny proposed than he has to return to Sicily to see his dying mother . He beseeches Loretta to seek out his brother Ronny -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- and make sure he comes to the wedding . This does n't turn out to be as straightforward as Loretta hopes.When Loretta goes to meet Ronny we are given a tragic story by Johnny 's younger brother about why the two of them hate one another . Ronny was careless one day at the bakery he works at , losing his hand in a slicer , but he blames Johnny for distracting him ! Loretta can not believe it but despite Ronny 's reasoning the two end up falling for another ! Loretta realises it is a mistake but Ronny has found a new purpose in life and wants to be with her . Will Loretta be honest with Johnny when he returns?The film also focuses on Loretta 's parents with Cosmo having an affair while Rose is tempted down the same path at one point when she discovers her husband 's infidelity . The rest of Loretta 's family and friends are a great bunch including her grandfather who heads out late at night with a pack of dogs for company . Things become more complicated when Loretta and Cosmo bump into each other one night when they are out with their respective flings . Something has to give and it does so in a frantic but fantastic conclusion where all cards end up on the table.Moonstruck is an amusing comedy with some great characters . Cher , Cage , Dukakis , Gardenia and Aiello are all great in the film and there is even an early appearance from Frasier 's dad in here as well but no Eddie sadly ! Well received at the Academy Awards , Moonstruck still has a lot to offer 25 years later .
 This is a love story . No it is a story of passion . Or maybe a story about family . Or maybe about the changes of lives in families . ... Just a good movie .
 This is much better on Blu-Ray ! Love Nicolas Cage 's character in this flick . I think this is also the best Cher has done , movie wise !
 I love this movie . It does n't matter how many times I watch it , it 's my favorite movie ever . Cher is wonderful , as is the entire cast .
 The montage when she is getting ready for the opera and the music for that scene really shows its movie age but this story , some of the monologues and the great acting and characters will hold this film together forever !
 Our family loved this movie ` Moonstruck &#34; when it came out.Now many years later , the grandchildren enjoy the film and love the music just as we did !
 Just watch the film again , first time was back in 1987 . Enjoyed the film , who does n't like watching the Italian family interactions . Light film , but it fun to watch for all ages
 Hi - love the DVD . Opening and closing ceremony highlights were great . Brought it all back . Loved seeing Canada . It went thru the highlights day by day . Loved it but would have loved to see more Snowboard and skiier cross . Its such an exciting sport and deserves more coverage . Otherwise for a highlight DVD - AWESOME !!! Glad I brought it - reasonable price . I live in New Zealand and was abit worried the US DVD would n't play over here -LRB- did specify region 1 -RRB- but not a problem . Roll on Russia 2014 .
 Overall the highlights edited together to give a sum-up of the Olympics was excellent . It only lacked giving a bit more highlight time to the figure skating . It seemed to be almost omitted . At least the winning performances would have been nice to see.Everything else was great and certainly captured the feel of the Olympics , including the hockey , skiing , snowboarding , etc. , as well as the beauty of Vancouver which is a wonderful city .
 To the Americans reviewing this product , this is the CTV coverage of the 2010 Olymics . CTV is NOT NBC . You are watching a CANADIAN product . We do not want to see American highlights , that 's what the NBC DVD collection is for . Please pay more attention to the products you are buying before you buy them .
 I saw this movie when it first came out and thought it was first rate . I had never seen it since , so 30 years later I bought it and watched it with my wife . Both she and I are very tough movie critics.While the movie did seem somewhat `` dated '' we both completely enjoyed watching it . It was gripping and frightening . Even though it was a TV movie , the production was professional.As stated before , some viewers may find the film dated , with characterizations reflecting the lifestyle and politics of the late 70s and early 80s . Aside from that I would recommend this film to anyone .
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1983 . Afterward , it seemed to disappear . I could n't find a copy anywhere until I bought it at Amazon this year -LRB- thank you Amazon ! -RRB- . Looking back approximately three decades , it reminds me of the Cold War mentality of the times . It 's a great message about peace and it shows the perceived threat of nuclear war of that era . What 's both funny and amazing is that the technology seems so dated . They were broadcasting in analog with cables and poor reception , etc. . Look how far the communications industry has come so quickly . It 's a brilliant approach to make the scenes of the movie feel like real news and to make RBS seem like a real network . The `` acting '' was excellent - it hardly seemed like acting at all . All the characters were so believable . The expressions of the news anchors and the press secretary convey the tension beyond words . The scene with the young female reporter near the end of the movie just rips your heart out . I do n't think this movie ever got the credit it deserved - even though it did win an Emmy . Few people have ever even heard of this movie , I guess it scared people so much that it was never shown again . The movie grips you in many ways but the real `` kick in the gut '' to me is the scene where they lead with the story about Charleston and then move on to other troubles in the world , as if to say `` Oh well , life goes on . ''
 I remember seeing this when it was originally broadcast and it was one of the first TV movies -LRB- or any movie , for that matter -RRB- that addressed the modern -LRB- at the time -RRB- media coverage of disasters . Although the graphics are dated , this is still a timely story . A group of nuclear scientists build a bomb and hold the city of New Orleans hostage . They demand the dismantling of warheads and have them delivered to them for destruction in an attempt to start a worldwide movement to eliminate nuclear weapons . This is a very well written -LRB- by Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz -RRB- script that deals with this situation in a very realistic manner . The network insisted on inserting graphics stating that this was a TV drama - they remembered the WAR OF THE WORLDS panic from the 1930 's - although anyone familiar with TV actors of the time would have recognized most of the excellent cast . This is one of Warner Brothers archive collection , a great idea that of that studio 's whereby they release little in demand films on DVD by request . It 's a bare bones disc , which in a way is unfortunate - a commentary and/or interviews with the cast would have been fascinating . It 's still well worth a purchase .
 This movie will have you on the edge of your seat for sure . If you like chills you will love this movie it does deliver tons of chills . I do wish they would come out with the DVD version . It certainly deserves it .
 SPECIAL BULLETIN -LRB- 1983 -RRB- dir . Edward Zwickapprox . 1 hour 40 minutesThis is an excellent movie about nuclear anxiety during the Cold War.It is shot to resemble a series of TV broadcasts , cutting between a newsroom and its correspondents . The story involves a group of anti-nuclear activists who threaten to set off a nuclear explosive in Charleston , South Carolina . They say that they will dismantle their own device if the government agrees to let them destroy a surplus of nuclear items being housed in the Charleston area . A newsman covering a nearby event is taken hostage , and the terrorists use his reporting equipment as a megaphone for their crusade . The terrorists declare a deadline when their bomb will explode if their demand is n't met . The movie grows more and more intense as the deadline approaches.The movie raises a lot of interesting questions , and not only about nuclear weapons . For example , there is a debate about whether or not the TV station should air any of the terrorists ' opinions , even if it makes them angrier . This is similar to the debates that occurred after several US newspapers published the so-called Unabomber manifesto in 1995 . When the station decides to broadcast live feed from the boat that the terrorists are occupying , it becomes clear that they are somewhat attention-starved and unstable . The station interviews several experts who analyze the situation , and one terrorists complains that he is being exploited by the media . It is never evident who is in control of the situation , or whether the media really did make matters worse -LRB- or how much of a choice they had in the matter -RRB- . The movie also shows that while the anti-nuclear fanatics shown are indeed terrorists , the possibility of nuclear flames is still a horrifying one.This movie certainly deserves to be on DVD!Director Edward Zwick went on to direct several big movies such as ` THE SIEGE ' and ` GLORY ' .
 An incredibly effective presentation . Awaiting a -LRB- remastered -RRB- DVD release of this feature , as well as a DVD of its nearest sibling , HBO 's COUNTDOWN TO LOOKING GLASS .
 Special Bulletin was one of the best TV movies ever made.One can only hope it will be out soon on DVD ...
 When this was first aired in 1983 , it was a frightening idea , that someone out there would have both the means and mentality to do something really bad for what they saw as a really good reason . We know that people like that are everywhere now . `` Special Bulletin '' pulls no punches anywhere , whether your target is extremism the government or the media . What are you willing to do to get your message out ? How do you respond to a threat ? What are ratings worth , and how do you handle the big situations ? When is a good time to show things and when is a bad one ? While the media then -LRB- and now -RRB- have no answers for this , -LRB- see `` 15 Minutes '' with Robert DeNiro and Ed Burns for more on this even though it 's not as good as Special Bulletin , sorry Bobby and Ed -RRB- you can see where their dilemma is . What is happening is definitely news , but should it be shown?If you watch much from the late seventies and early eighties , especially news and documentary video , you can see this is a piece locked in its time . The reasons for the events are not something you would see today . Do we still have nukes everywhere ? Yes , but the brinksmanship games are basically over . Here it is still the height of the cold war , and things are not looking pretty , and that includes the clothes and hair . Did people really look like these guys ? Yes.Ultimately this is a movie about scaring people . For real.Twenty years later it is a lot scarier than it was then .
 This is by far the best made for TV movie I have ever seen . Not only is the plot gripping but I like the way it looks at television and how TV covers events like this .
 Pranksters from Iowa City threaten the good people of Charleston SC with a jerry-rigged hydrogen weapon . Unless the Admiral gives up all 968 of his atomic toys , Charlestonians will learn the true nature of nuclear madness . Roxanne Harts glowing rendition of reporter Megan Barkley adds an unusual sub-plot to this eerie cinema
 One of the best made-for-TV movies I 've seen , gripping from beginning to end . You see the minute-by-minute unfolding of an atomic disaster just as it is reported in a live TV news broadcast . Unlike other TV movies that try to emulate theatrical films , `` Special Bulletin '' , due to the way it is presented , is truly made to be seen on TV for greatest impact .
 I saw this movie when it was broadcast 24 years ago , and have never forgotten it . Although I never mistook it for an actual broadcast of a terroristic event -LRB- comparisons to Orson Wells ' War of the Worlds notwithstanding -RRB- , the realism and plausibility of the story were truly frightening . Some of you may remember the commotion caused by the 1979 movie `` The China Syndrome , '' about the cover-up of a nuclear accident . That film was released just weeks before the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island . Just as then , I had a palpable sense of deja-vu when I saw `` Special Bulletin , '' and 24 years later , when terror struck in New York City on 9/11 , I was just 40 blocks away , and I thought `` it 's finally happening . '' Watch this movie - given today 's political climate , it will scare the socks off you .
 I enjoyed the realism and terrifying experience as if it were really happening . I saw this first as a little kid and it scared the death into me ! Very fine job ! If anyone else knows of any other realistic depictions like this movie , lem me know . Also check out `` The Last Broadcast '' .
 An also-ran TV network 's news operation contributes to a potential catastrophe as it becomes embroiled in a terrorist incident.The late Ed Flanders -LRB- St. Elsewhere -RRB- stars as a top news executive and anchor who takes to the airwaves and wo n't let go of live videocam coverage of a breaking story -- even as the coverage contributes to the crisis.Actress Kathryn Walker co-stars as the network 's lead female anchor . She performs the anchor role well , conveying intelligence , confidence , emotional investment , and rising doubt as the story spirals out of control.The fictional TV network 's fake commercials and low-budget production will have an especially familiar ring to audiences who recall NBC 's hard-luck days in the very early 1980s .
 After watching much media coverage of recent real-life events , `` Special Bulletin '' portrays , to me , such breaking stories as realistically now as when it first aired in the early ' 80 's . The presentation of this film , in videotape format instead of `` normal film '' , is quite haunting . It scared me to death when I first saw it in ' 83 , as a child , and even now I find it fascinating viewing . I definitely recommend it .
 Attacks on New York , attacks from within -LRB- Oklahoma City -RRB- ; it 's not a matter of if , it 's a matter of when . Hell , it 's already begun . The United States seems on a path that does n't give enough credit to terror from within , and terror from elsewhere . America does n't seem to nurture real care to any nation . Hiding behind the veil of the oft stated , `` We are a nation of laws '' . Well enough . We simply give billions , we never develop a bond with our friends , neutrals , or foes . A little bit of love would go much further than billions . I humbly propose a worldwide emergency response team that resembles military enscription - and helps peoples with as much touching , as money and technology . -LRB- And perhaps a Tupperware Party here and there -RRB- . So it 's not unthinkable that an unlikely crew of Americans demand to state thier case via terrorism . Made for TV film `` Special Bulletin '' , prophetically explores the anger of those who seek uni-lateral disarmement as a first step towards the reduction of Weapons of Mass Destruction . This film was made before the fall of Communism , and clearly cites the Soviet Union as a threat that can be de-escalated , if America makes a first bold , and trusting move . As the film shifts into high gear , it becomes clear the Administration will not capitulate to internal terrorists despite thier claim that they have a Nuclear Weapon , and will detonate it soon , unless America begins to dis-arm . The threat is initially brushed off as a hoax by the Administration , however , plans are actually being readied to storm the tugboat the terrorists are operating from , and where the bomb is allegedly housed . All this horror takes place in the context of a CNN-like broadcast . A television journalist and cameraman are abducted by the terrorists as a means of communicating with the authorities . From the anchor desk , the `` Dean '' of RBS News , and the female counterpart Sylvia , give a play-by-play , and color commentary , of the eminent destruction of an American city . Embedded within this intense drama , is also a satirical dark comedy inwhere we see many of the news staff being more concerned about thier appearence , than the tragedy they 're about to cover . Very interesting characters populate the terrorist ensemble ; a naive Social Worker , Military Strategist , Vietnam nut , Poet , Nuclear Scientist , and a shared hunger for peace ; and power . The tension mounts quickly both in the ship , and in the Government . A devastating ending serves as a distasteful desert . Shattering .
 I was 26 -LRB- 27 ? -RRB- when I saw this . It was intense then and it still is ; even with all of the `` mistakes '' . Those who think Made-for-TV-Movies are ordinary or average needs to see this . Supposedly , there were disclaimers when it aired , but I do n't remember them . The video is dated videotape quality . Seeing this brought back memories of watching `` The Day After '' on ABC ; uncut -LRB- the current DVD is an edited version -RRB- and with very few commercials -LRB- after the inital 1/2 hour , I do n't remember seeing any -RRB- . Some may not remember , but there were , at least , two more shows like this one ; one was of a failed Mars landing where the astronauts were killed by Martians and the other -LRB- which I remember was very engrossing -RRB- was of an alien visitation that goes wrong . I hope they will be releasing these soon ; particularly the latter.UPDATE
 This has always been one of the films I have watched again every couple of years or so . It 's a first class production . While obviously a period piece in terms of its news sets , clothes , etc. the subject matter is even more timely then when it was originally aired . We all learned why on 11 September 2001 . Broadcast news in all of its glory -LRB- and flaws -RRB- is candidly portrayed by this cast . The seeds of entertainment driven news packaging are sprouting after the RBS network gets its bearings . This has become standard practice at today 's network news operations during a crisis.I always knew that the fictional events here were possible . The events of 9/11 have brought a nightmare of mass murder like this into reality .
 A former Pentagon strategic weapons planner , a brilliant nuclear physicist , a social worker from Penn Valley , a poet , and a nut , combine to blackmail the US government . So far so good . Demanding uni-lateral dis-armament , our anti-heroes claim to have a nuclear bomb aboard the tugboat Liberty May ... . . '' . . and if our demands are not met , by 4:30 tomorrow afternoon ... this bomb will detonate ... and we will all know ... fear . . '' . Powerhouse cast and bristling dialogue . This realistic fake newscast can be seen as a tense drama , dark comedy , satire , and/or propaganda . -LRB- Pokes fun at the FBI too ! -RRB- A must see !
 In reading the previous reviews of this fine TV drama from what seems so long ago I am struck with the different take so many reviewers here have from that of the written reviews of the time . Great importance was then given to the increasingly direct video contact the network news reporters had with the terrorists , providing a stage for their actions and actually influencing the tragic outcome . Much was made of this theme at the time.This is a very well conceived and gripping drama of the cold war times . It deserves to be re-issued as DVD , or even re-done in its entirety .
 ... why does this cost almost $ 200 for one disc ? I recorded it onto VHS from the television in 1994 .
 This is a fictional news `` report - bulletin '' about an imaginary nuclear confrontation between terrorists and the police . It is presented as if it were `` REALLY '' happening ... And ... it is so good ... that if you did n't know you were watching a videotape . . you would SWEAR it was `` real '' . ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT!Right now , it 's only on VHS but get it and burn it on to a DVD.Hopefully they come out with a DVD edition of this . It is one of my ALL-TIME FAVORITE VIDEOS EVER!I give it 5 stars ONLY because I ca n't give it more . It deserves it .
 I remember like it was yesterday when I first saw this movie on TV . The TV and law enforcement dispatchers nationwide were flooded with frantic callers thinking it was real.There were several heart attacks and even some deaths due to the frenzy created from this flick in news reports the next day . Remember this was in the 80 's during tense nuclear/political times . -LRB- gee kinda like NOW -RRB- A very cleverly made movie.And based on how screwed up our U.S. government is , the end result WOULD be similar if this type of event really happened . A very thought prevoking , must see movie .
 How many films-made-for-TV do you remember being so compelling that scenes from it flash through your head 18 years later ? This is such a film.I remember the broadcast , and the constant reminders at commercial breaks that `` this is only a movie . '' And well they needed to issue such a warning
 I remember watching this movie as a senior in high school . It really stuck with me for years . When my off-the-air tape finally gave out , I had to order it.The look and feel of the film is an extremely accurate depiction of network news from the early 80 's . Other than Ed Flanders -LRB- St. Elsewhere -RRB- and Lane Smith -LRB- Lois and Clark -RRB- there are n't too many recognizable faces -LRB- David Rache starred in the short-lived ABC series `` Sledge Hammer '' and David Clennon currently appears in CBS 's `` The Agency '' -RRB- . This helps with the illusion of reality.The movie manages to get its message across by letting radical terrorists preach directly to a TV camera . It 's a tricky balance that they strike , because the filmmakers clearly sympathize with the terrorists views but obviously ca n't endorse their tactics.The only downside is the 80 's era TV-grade visual effects that take away from the impact of the ending of this otherwise powerful movie.While it would be interesting to see this movie re-made with up-to-date technology , that would probably not be a popular choice in post-9 / 11 America .
 I 'm very surprised that none of the reviews I read here mentioned the real point of this excellent movie , which was to show how the news media , in particular , a national TV network , is not just a passive observer anymore , like they used to be before The Future happened . Technology has made the news so live and direct , and small cameras can get so close , that the reporters become merged into the events they 're reporting on . They become part of the story and even change the outcome . The line between reporter and reported becomes blurry as the medium becomes the message.That 's the ONLY thing the film is about . Nuclear terrorism was just a skeleton to build that on . This film , made in ' 83 , probably had its genesis in events -LRB- recent then -RRB- like Cronkite crying in ' 63 , Rather vs. Nixon , Nixon 's media enemies list , Cronkite declaring the ` Nam war lost and LBJ realizing that if he had lost Cronkite , he 'd lost America , and the time The Washington Post reported that LBJ wanted to replace J. Edgar Hoover . This p1ssed JBJ off so much that he called a press conference and appointed Hoover head of the FBI for life , and told his aide `` Call Ben Bradlee and tell him FxUxCxK you . '' -LSB- except LBJ used the real word because he was n't writing a review at the shamefully censored Amazon . -RSB- -LSB- Spoiler Warning -RSB- We see this merging of medium and message at it 's extreme when the terrorists kidnap the reporter and his cameraman , and also have a small TV tuned to that station . There is now an information feedback loop . That loop -- presented as inappropriate and pathological -- is specifically what Special Bulletin is about.This information loop sucks the news anchor John Woodley into the story he 's reporting , and it puts the terrorists in a position to argue with him about their siege and about the network 's coverage of it . They mock him , and the broadcast story which they are the subject of . We see how easy it is for these volatile scientists who are in need of sleep and under tremendous stress to be emotionally affected by Woodley and his coverage of their story.We also see the fusion of media and message when the girl reporter experiences the nuclear blast while on air . There are little fires in the room and the windows are blown in , and she wanders in a daze covered in soot . She asks into the camera , to no one in particular , `` Are we going to die now ? Is the radiation happening ? `` This film is of the same high quality as Kubrick 's work . It should be shown in all journalism schools -- and probably is.If you liked this review , please vote it up . -- faye kane , idiot savant . Google me , then oogle me .
 IN 1988 , I BEGAN MY JOB AT 5AM . AS I DRESST TO GO , I HAD TURNED THE TV ON . THE MOVIE HAD BEGAN . MY FIANCE BROUGHT ME COFFEE ON HIS WAY HOME FROM HIS 3RD SHIFT JOB . HE TURNED THE SOUND UP AND WE BOTH WATCHT IN SILENCE.I WAS PUTTING ON PINK SOCKS -LRB- I DO REMEMBER THAT -RRB- ! WE LIVED IN NASHVILLE AT THE TIME , NOT FAR FROMTHE ` SITE ' OF THE ACTION . I WAS SO SCARED ! , I WAS WEEPING . I ASKT HIM IF I `` SHOULD GO AHEAD & PICK UP THOSE SICK PEOPLE & TAKE THEM TO DIALYSIS ? '' `` SHOULD WE JUST STAY TOGETHER ? NO PLACE TO HIDE OR OUTRUN THE INEVITABLE '' ! . I WAS EXTREMELY DISTRAUGHT . WE DID DECIDE TO STAY W / OUR RESPECTIVE SCHEDULES AS LONG AS POSSIBLE . I REMEMBER SAYING `` MAYBE THIS IS A BIG JOKE ON EVERYONE . '' I THOUGHT ED FLANDERS WAS WALTER CRONKITE ? NO ONE LOOKT LIKE tv STARS ... I PICKT UP MY PATIENTS & DELIVERED THEM TO THE CENTER . NONE OF THE NURSES LOOKT UPSET . I CALLED HOME , AND WAS TOLD BY MY FIANCE , THAT HE 'D LOOKT AT THE STATION TO THE END , AND IT WAS `` JUST '' A MOVIE . WE NEVER SAW THE DISCLAIMERS ? I JUST JUST KNEW `` JUDGEMENT DAY '' HAD ARRIVED . & . . I LEARNED TO TRY TO `` STAY READY '' . TOMMORROW IS NOT PROMISED . THIS IS AN ABSOLUTELY UNFORGETTABLE MOVIE ! ESPECIALLY IN 1988 , AT FOUR O'CLOCK AM IN THE PREDAWN HOURS ... . O3/13/03 PEGGYROSEINWOODS
 Multi-tasking made for TV movie successfully stirs drama , horror , parody , and truly disgusting racial slurs , into a wonderland of insightful entertainment . The post-war Japanese are sure `` warm '' , have `` rosey red lips '' , and `` glowing '' personalities . -LRB- I laughed so god damn hard ! -RRB- So to the chase
 ... And thus this TV movie.The terrorists ' demands and MO do n't seem all that far-fetched , given the climate of opinion of the time . This was a time when the nastiest terror cells operating in the First World tended to be intellectual political-theoretical types , committed to the Radicalisation of the Masses -LRB- the Bader-Meinhoff Gang , the Red Army Faction , the Symbionese Liberation Army , the Weathermen ... -RRB- rather than people who actually had something resembling a real grievance.And so a group of people have decided to dramatise the danger of nuclear weapons ; if they are not allowed to strike a symbolic , internationally-acknowledged blow against the nuclear-war-machine , they will strike a REAL blow that will , they hope , bring the realities home to the masses.And so the stage is set for tragedy . `` Special Bulletin '' is , intentionally , made to look as much like real television news coverage as possible -- unlike most TV movies , it is shot on video rather than film -LRB- In fact , i would n't be at all surprised if the image was n't intentionally slightly degraded to emphasise that it WAS tape , not film -RRB- . While a lot of people may not actually be able to describe what the differences between a film image and a video image are , they are perceptible to almost anyone , and the mind , consciously or otherwise , identifies the video image with `` real TV '' and the film image with `` movies '' . Another thing that helps to create the rather scary level of verisimilitude in this film is the fact that it is paced like real TV ; its rhythm is keyed to commercial breaks , and this enhances the realism of the revreation of the staccato , punchy nature of television news coverage , both when Something Is Happening and in those long stretches when you have had nothing actually new in hours , but you ca n't just let the story go , if only because the Competition might get a ratings jump on you if something new happens and they 're able to go live with it faster than you . -LRB- We saw both of these aspects in the recent coverage of the DC-area sniper story . -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- This film is so tied to its commercials that , when a local science-fiction club decided to use it as a program item , they wound up adding one award-winning or blooper-reel commercial at each break , because without the spots it just did n't work . -RRB- -RRB- Aside from the video imagery and the pacing , there is the fact that the production makes use of realistic sound effects , especially the the flat , popping sound that real gunshots have when recorded , and the familiar sound of voices just off-mike , discernible but muffled.One mistake , i feel , that was made was the use of a video-generated special effects shot for the climactic moment of the film ; maybe that 's what such a blast WOULD look like on video , but it does n't match my memories of footage of actual open-air atomic test shots.But the aftermath footage is chilling ... -LRB- I have read complaints that the electro-magnetic pulse effects of the blast should render TV equipment that close to Ground Zero in operative ; i do n't know -- this is a very small burst , and remote-news equipment is built pretty tough ... -RRB- And the visuals and account of the after-effects that we hear as a follow-up story are at once frightening , heart-breaking , accurate and a pointed reminder of just how insufficient anything we could realistically expec to be able to do to take care of casualties and destroyed cities from anything other than an isolated incident would be ... Grim , scary , still a valid cuationary tale -LRB- though the potential nuclear terrorists might have different motives and might strike without warning , the results would be the same ... -RRB- and brilliantly done.Deserves a DVD release , perhaps with historical material about the Cold War and the terrorists of the day ...
 The whole `` movie '' is done to try and not be a movie at all . In the spirit of H.G. Wells and `` War of the Worlds '' this ` movie ' attempts to seem like an actual news broadcast . You watch as a normal news day turns into a national crisis . A group of anti-nuclear activists has assembled a make-shift atomic device of comparable yield to the ones that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki . Thier demands are US nuclear disarmament , in the hopes that if they forced the US to make the first move , the USSR would follow suit by disarming in turn . The plot is n't very plausible , even by 80 's standards , but the film is interesting and enjoyable to watch.The special effects in the movie are n't bad , considering the era and the very very very low budget the film must have had . It 's interesting to see the news personel changing attitudes , as they slowly begin to grasp the reality of the situation and begin to have a sort of epiphany that the news they report is n't just pictures and facts that do n't effect them , it 's real.This is n't really something to watch if you 're looking for a great movie , but it was enjoyable , especially to anyone who has an interest in nuclear weapons and the politics there of -LRB- or the 80 's for that matter -RRB- and anyone who likes an out of the ordinary , creative film.Also may work as a good practical joke , to put in the VCR on New years eve without telling anyone and wait to see if they can tell that something isnt right LOL . Probably would n't work , being the clothing and reporting style is CLEARLY not 2002 , but hey .
 This is a fairly unique and highly-praised TV movie designed , like Orson Welles ' radio broadcast of WAR OF THE WORLDS , as if it were real coverage of a nuclear terrorist event on the East Coast of the U.S. . More realistic than its contemporary , THE DAY AFTER , this film scared the network enough that they kept running disclaimers throughout its presentation stating that it was not an actual news event . If that description and the subsequent Emmies are n't enough to whet your appetite , I 'd say this is just that much more scary in the post-9 / 11 era . Not a well known TV movie , but it seems even less like fiction now with its urban nuclear terrorist threat and non-stop news coverage of the events . Worth seeing .
 If Orson Welles had been in the prime of his career in the early 1980 's , he may very well have been the lead anchor in `` Special Bulletin '' , an homage to Welles ' classic , panic-inducing `` War of the Worlds '' that has been updated for the nuclear age . The basic premise surrounds the news coverage by the fictional RBS network of a tense standoff in a harbor in Charleston , South Carolina , between authorities and domestic terrorists aboard a tugboat . What is it the terrorists want ? Through the use of the news crew they took hostage , they insist on a forum to air their demands . Specifically , the United States government must disarm all nuclear weapon devices in the Charleston area and bring the detonating devices to the tug boat where the terrorists will take them out to see and dispose of them . If their demands are not met , they will EXPLODE A NUCLEAR BOMB that they have on board to boat !! They give until 4:30 pm the day after the initial skirmish to meet their demands , or the bomb will detonate at 6 pm . The news coverage proceeds very much like one would expect during such a crisis , complete with speculation on if the threat was real , press conferences on the government 's reaction , scientific analysis of the effect of the bomb if it explodes , and biographies and psychoanalyses of the terrorists . In fact , the coverage was so authentic that local television affiliates were flooded with calls from panicky Charleston residents who wanted to know if this was really happening -LRB- in spite of constant disclaimers that this was not an actual event -RRB- . The tension truly begins to mount as the deadline draws close and there still has been no word on if the government with adhere to the demands . Just after the first deadline passes , the government announces that they will be sending all the detonators to the tugboat . As the terrorists cheer the approach of the trucks that supposedly carry the detonators , there video feed in the tugboat is knocked off-line to conceal the team of Special Forces commandos boarding from the other side of the ship . A brief , but fierce , firefight ensues , leaving the terrorists either dead or captured . With the boat now secure , it is up to the nuclear bomb squad to disarm the weapon before it detonates . Alas , as the final deadline grows closer , they trip one of the anti-tamper devices and the bomb explodes . It 's a truly horrifying moment caught on tape that leaves one feeling as though they just witnessed a huge atrocity . In the aftermath of 9/11 , such a film is even more chilling . `` Special Bulletin '' is an excellent cautionary tale of the effects of the news media , terrorism , and the nuclear threat all rolled together .
 This film is a real sleeper and its presentation is virtually unique.The film depicts a shattering and momentus news event unfolding as it would be viewed if you were watching CNN . The film is way ahead of its time , and offers some alarming and shuddery scenes of an event that could certainly happen.It was a film I will never forget , and one that I highly recommend .
 Special Bulletin is a TV movie about nuclear bomb threat in Charleston S.C. and how on television network responses to crisis , when one of their newcrews becomes in invovled . I really liked this movie , because of the way that the network reacts to the crisis . In the beginning there is concern for the hostages , but as the continues you see graphics and music being developed . And it becomes less about the hostages and more about get the story . Overall its a good movie .
 The whole nuclear-thriller aspect of this film is fairly suspenseful , but `` Special Bulletin '' succeeds most as an accurate depiction of network news . -LRB- Within a few hours , the nuclear hostage situation has its own theme song and computer graphics . -RRB- Well-acted -- and shot on video for further verisimilitude -- this gem is one of the great made-for-TV movies of all time .
 Patterned after a real news network broadcast , The network actually announced during each station break that `` This is a fictitious story '' , etc. . But as I remember viewing it for the first time , until the first commercial , seeing the alternate CNN-type network with ` BREAKING NEWS ' and reporters scrambling about actually instilled real fear in me which I have not felt before or since during any cinematic experience . Honestly , I have laughed at movies like `` The Exorcist '' . The vastly more popular -LRB- but lousy -RRB- mid - '80s film `` The Last Day '' paled in comparison to this film , which seems to have disapeared like a fart in a hurricane , most likely for scaring too many people.The evolving profile of the terrorist/mastermind is as chilling as any modern , real profile of Al Queda . Remember , this feature was made almost 20 years before the current proliferation of reality-based television . A Very , Very , interesting and ground-breaking film .
 `` Special Bulletin '' was a three decade old TV movie depicting the use of a nuclear bomb by a group of scientists to extort authorities . The scientists ' motives are ostensibly peaceful , but things go horribly wrong as their `` best laid plans '' go horribly `` agly . `` Told from the point of view of a TV news bulletin covering a real live event , we see the events being depicted as though we 're watching a real event being covered by CNN or Fox News on our home TV sets -- with technical glitches thrown in for authenticity 's sake.Dated , but still entertaining today . The flavor of terrorism has certainly changed -- but the horrid potential it represents has only worsened since .
 So there I was , sitting in my apartment in Chapel Hill -LRB- Carrboro , actually -RRB- , flipping channels on the TV , when I came across this breaking news report about a group of crazy liberals threatening to detonate a nuclear device in Charleston harbor . It 's sort of embarrassing , but I have to admit that it scared the bejesus out of me for a few minutes - until I flipped over to CNN and the networks and saw that they were n't covering any such story , asked myself what the heck the RBS network was , and realized that I was tuned in to the Lifetime Channel . -LRB- The movie originally aired on NBC in 1983 , but I have no memory of that original broadcast . -RRB- Fifteen minutes into the film , I should note , a disclaimer does appear on the screen assuring viewers that the events being dramatized are not in fact happening . It certainly made for interesting conversation the next day , and I have been dying to see this film again ever since then -LRB- it still has n't been released on DVD -RRB- . The beauty of Special Bulletin was the fact that the movie was designed to play exactly as if it were an actual live news event - complete with technical problems , reports from correspondents in Charleston and Washington , D.C. , announcements from political leaders , etc. . Watching it again now , I have to laugh about it because it 's obviously low budget and some of the acting really was n't all that good . Still , it boasts a brilliant concept for a film , and , now that I 've finally rediscovered this movie , I know I 'll be watching it on and off for many years to come . Even when you know it 's fiction , it still makes for compelling viewing.As for the story , you have this group of five terrorists -LRB- led by two former defense scientists -RRB- who take over a tugboat in Charleston harbor , engage in a firefight with the Coast Guard , take two Guardsmen as well as a journalist and his cameraman hostage , and demand a live network feed . In an effort to get the hostages released , the RBS network gives them what they want , at which time they demand that all trigger devices on nuclear weapons housed in the Charleston area be brought to them for destruction . This act of unilateral disarmament , they argue , will surely inspire the Soviets to follow their lead . If their demands are not met , they then announce , they will detonate their own nuclear device right there in Charleston . Government spokesmen cast doubts upon the truth of the threat early on , but the tension soon ratchets up as more and more evidence comes to light indicating that this terrorist threat could very well be frighteningly real.The film raises a number of fairly obvious and important questions . Should a network be permitted to hand over a live feed to terrorists , for any reason ? What would the government do in such a case of nuclear blackmail ? Would we stick to our policy of never dealing with terrorists , even if it meant the destruction of a major American city ? Would the government undertake the logistical nightmare of evacuating such a large city ? At one point , the network hosts even get in to a debate with the terrorists themselves about the influence of the media on something like this.Obviously , Special Bulletin now looks and feels its age , but the issues it addresses are more pertinent than ever before - and it still delivers quite a thrilling conclusion . This made-for-TV movie will always be a cult favorite in this reviewer 's heart .
 This is definately one of the most entertaining Jet Li movies that I have seen to date , it even parralells Fist of Legends . The fighting is fast furious and the effects are off the scale . The only thing wrong with this movie is that it ends too soon ! I have heard that there was going to be a sequel but there were disputes between directors ... Well I pray that one day they 'll sort that out and bring us a sequel .
 Now I will go over later about the version that I have which has very easy to read subtitles.This movie is so freaking weird , I still can not figure out what the hell is going on . Jet li 's parents are killed in a very dramatic scene , and jet gets touched by a cursed palm . The cursed palm makes it so jet can not become good at martial arts . So guess what , he is gon na get his skills . Ya probably did not have to guess that , but this movie really goes out of it ; s way for jim to learn . Definintely not your average revenge tale.So I ca n't tell you exactly what I liked about this film because nothing really stands out too much , but there are so many crazy things that happen it would be impossible to list half of them . So for all you people like me who are always looking for that next great hand-to-hand movie , then this is a pretty good break.Also this movie has a ton of stars in it . And it really tries to be a BIG movie , just does n't quite live up to what it was supposed to be , but maybe it did , give your opinion.Also-the version i have comes from widesceen , good picture quality , and BLACK OUTLINED subtitles . So you wo n't miss a thing , the sunbs are imbedded , but are easy to read , a first in my mind . The subs do run a little fast sometimes , but you can always pause . This has Dr. Wai on the other side -LRB- unwatchable picture quality -RRB- , and comes in the JET LI COLLECTION . Do n't get that boxed set with twin warriors and the bodyguard , but get the one that is like 11.99 , and has a disc that has early jet li footage and also has a lengthy crowd lethal weapon 4 interview.I would call those special features and when I classify them like that they are certainly some of the best special features that I have ever seen.So get the jet li collection that HAS 4 MOVIES IN IT . Evil Cult master , Dr. Wai -LRB- unwatchable -RRB- , lee-thal weapon , and I ca n't remember what the early footage feature is called.Good stuff but do n't buy this version unless it is longer than 103 minutes . Also people are saying you ca n't read the subs for this version which is a shame bacuse it did n't have enough action in it to excuse unreadable subs .
 Just a little history on the movie story line . The movie is based on a book . The book was also done as a T.V. series way before the movie . I recall them being about 26 episodes -LRB- Thats 26 tapes ! -RRB- of about 2 hours each . -LRB- Or 1 hour ... I was a long time ago -RRB- I abosultly loved it!Anyways , that also explains the dizzy pace of the movie , because it crams about a 3rd of the series into one movie . It also explains the ending because it 's not over yet.I wish Jet li will make a sequal for this to complete the story line ! It could be a trilogy!Anyways , let me spoil your future for you a little.The story is about two swords which are unbreakable . So the owners who use it becomes very strong . -LRB- Like the Green Destiny in Crouching Tiger . BTW , the clan that Jet Li originally belonged to with Sammo is the same Wu Dan clan as in crouching tiger -RRB- Every one wants the sword . The story evolved into Jet Li mastering all the highest techniques of each martial arts school . He always ends up stuck somewhere with a master or a place with the secrets written down.He falls in love -LRB- out of like 5 or 6 to choose from -RRB- and drives the mongols out of china . the end.A little history note here -LRB- I am no expert , but -RRB- . Wu Dan clan is very popular because they were the clan which gathered all the martial arts schools and groups and drove out the mongols out of china . Just like the movie .
 I loved this film . It features some high fantasy , complete with fireballs , wind attacks , and flying Shaolin Monks . While I like `` realistic '' Kung Fu like Jet Li 's `` Kiss of the Dragon '' , films like these offer a great escape . If you like this film , it was based on a book by Jin Yong who writes Martial Arts fantasy . The only English translated book I could find was `` Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain '' right here on Amazon.com .
 I realized that this movie is the same as Lord of the Wu-Tang . I was wondering if this movie has an ending ? Lord of the Wu-Tang is a cliff hanger . But this movie is great and worth the money . Get it !
 I 'm now a grandfather . But I 've been watching kung fu movies ever since 1961 , as a kid growing up in San Francisco Chinatown . This movie rates as one of my all time favorite kung fu movies , and I own about 100 or so.The print is n't very good . The subtitles are hard to read . The story is among the most complicated and convoluted , especially for the non Cantonese speaking . But who watches a kung fu movie for plots?What I really enjoyed about the movie is that it actually shows what the Chinese cinema could actually do . It has tremendous battle scenes . Despite the poor print quality , the movie has some fantastic visuals.The movie is not a documentary . The movie is not an `` imagined documentary . '' A lot of things seem to come out of left field . But it 's OK . It 's a MOVIE !! Quite frankly , the movie plot could easily be translated into a Star Wars episode !
 This 1993 film is one of the few olden-day movies kung-fu artist Jet Li has done that is n't during the Manchu era . `` Kung-Fu Cult Master '' is so creative that if you only like realistic kung-fu movies , you wo n't appreciate this one . `` Kung-Fu Cult Master '' includes various types of kung-fu from different schools and temples , and the majority of fight scenes are highly original . Also , wirework is impressive , however does not mar the fighting sequences . Jet Li also gives one of the most impressive martial arts performances in his career , with great choreography done by Sammo Hung.The scenery , like the traps and tomb in the movie , are impressive and filled with creative ideas that only a very broad-minded person could think of . Again , this movie is n't realistic , but the plot is well-developed -LRB- except may be a bit confusing the first time , and the end leaves you hanging . -RRB- The movie was left hanging with an ending that will nag at you for a week in wonders of what happens , for a sequel to `` The Kung-Fu Cult Master '' was planned , however never released , even though enough scenes were shot to make the movie ; the scenes were never turned into a finished product.Acting is highly amusing at times and at others , very moving . Jet Li and Chingymy Yau Suk-Ching pair up AGAIN to bring impressive performances that are heightened by superb directing by famous Wong Jing , choreographed kung-fu scenes by Sammo Hung , and the movie 's set . If you 're a kung-fu movie fan , this is near perfection.Supporting actors and actresses
 I got this at blockbuster on extended play VHS for under ten bucks , and it is one of my favorite buys.I do n't know if a DVD version would improve it , but I love the wire stunts , the mystical imagery , fauvist cinematography and grand sense of adventure and humor.The end is an hypnotic Wong Jing / Jing Wang directed spectacle , which thrills but then disappoints as the film does n't deliver a sequel , similar to the original animated Lord of the Rings movie . Take it like an old saturday afternoon serial film or a comic book that never ends , and it 's not a bother.I guess I forgot the limited crude humor , which is slightly worse than a whoopee cushion , but still is not quite R rated . . Check out the alternate title ` Lord of Wutang ' here on Amazon for more reviews on this film .
 Jet Li is actually a punk in the first part of the movie . But from the opening bell the one is incredible . If you can get past the subs the movie has great fight scences , Beautiful but deadly fighting babes , Incredible weapons -LRB- liquid sword -RRB- & Old gray haired guys with Madd kung fu skills . I did not even know one of the gray haired was Sammo Hung until the 3rd time I watched it . I highly recommend it .
 I do n't know why everyone keeps dissing this movie , I thought it was great ! Sure , it 's a little weird , but that 's what makes it so cool ! It has everything , comedy , romance , action ... what more could you want in a movie ??? If you are into fantasy stuff , like I am , you 'll like this movie ! -LRB- Ps , whoever keeps refering Jet Li as a karate expert better shut up ! he does KUNG FU for the last time ! -RRB-
 Basically the story is about 2 swords , 1 contains -LRB- inside the sword -RRB- the instructions for the most powerful kung fu , the other contains instructions how to lead an army and become China 's emperor.But on one knows this secret . Everyone thinks these are magical swords and would give their owners invicibility.So the fight begins for the 2 swords ... This is story a bit confusing , purely because the original story is over 3000 -LRB- 3 thousand pages -RRB- long.What makes it even more confusing is this story is a sequel to another 3000 pages Kung Fu story.So to try and compress 6000 pages to a couple of hours on DVD would confuse any viewer unless you already know the story ! Anyway , this is the best Kung Fu story ever . It was first published on a HK news paper in the 1960s . Most Asian males should know this story !
 I am very happy with this purchase . I would gladly buy this movie again or recomment it to my friends .
 This movie has 3 different titles1 -RRB- Kung Fu Cult Master2 -RRB- Lord of the Wu Tang3 -RRB- The Evil CultThe 2nd title - do not get it unless you want to use the cover for your dvd to look cool.It got cut off in the beginning of the movie - the 1st 5 minutes of the movie . It is also from the vhs version of the wu tang collection but on dvd.The 3rd title is the best version dubbed in English , picture quality is excellent.This movie is very good like all the reviewers who give it 5 stars.There was a rumor back then that PART 2 was coming soon , by that time Jet Li was on his way to make other kung fumovies to become real famous then comes Black Mask which was for rent at chinese speaking movie rental shops inthe USA , this was before he appeared in that movie Lethal Weapon 4 . So part 2 is even better than part one but it never was in production and the story was waiting for Jet Li tostar in it .
 I have been looking for this movie for some time . I finally found it and thuroughly enjoyed it again . Its somewhat over the top fantasy kung fu is great fun to watch with great cheesy chi effects and magic kung fu styles . Its definitel not for everyone tho if you enjoy cheesey kung fu films you will probabaly love this one as much as I do
 Many people do not know that this is only part of a 60 volume serial.The main reason most people are confused about what is happening is a lack of understanding about internal energy or `` Chi '' . This is the magic of the Orient . Many various legends of certain types of `` secret '' Kung Fu have existed for centuries in China and the chinese audinces are not so confused by the plot line.If you suspend you dis-belief this is a fantastic , fuuny , deadly serious , bloody tale of sweat revenge ; betrayal and ultimate victory for the underdog . I ca n't find a better movie that works on all these levels.The english sub-titles are washed out by the background in some frames but can be gleaned if the movie is watched enough which you are sure to do .
 Many people do not know that this is only part of a 60 volume serial.The main reason most people are confused about what is happening is a lack of understanding about internal energy or `` Chi '' . This is the magic of the Orient . Many various legends of certain types of `` secret '' Kung Fu have existed for centuries in China and the chinese audinces are not so confused by the plot line.If you suspend you dis-belief this is a fantastic , fuuny , deadly serious , bloody tale of sweat revenge ; betrayal and ultimate victory for the underdog . I ca n't find a better movie that works on all these levels.The english sub-titles are washed out by the background in some frames but can be gleaned if the movie is watched enough which you are sure to do .
 This is different type of Jet Li movie than his others . I have n't seen this type of fantasy movie and i thought it was great !! I was wondering if anyone knew of other movies in the same genre ? The only dissappointment was the subtitles , they were unreadable at times . But if you are able to read them there are some very funny conversations ...
 If you love laughing at cheesie kung fu films than this is a must see . Personally I ca n't wait for it to come out on dvd .
 Jet Li plays Chang Mo Kei , a young fellow who was injured as a child by a life threatening Kung Fu move called the `` Jinx Palm '' , which has made him weak and unable to learn Kung Fu . Plus on the same day his parents were both forced to commit suicide , which , as you might expect , was also no fun . Mo Kei is raised by his father 's former master , a spry 100 year-old played with great aplomb by an unrecognizable , white-haired Sammo Hung , who also did a very good job as the fight choreographer for the film . The plotline is too complex to summarize , but needless to say Jet Li starts kicking ass and taking names pretty quickly . The film is of the fantastic Kung Fu variety , with people flying through the air , and using magical Kung Fu powers which put Jedi Knights and Neo to shame . `` The Evil Cult '' has a variety of english titles and is based on a chinese martial arts novel which has n't been translated to any western languages as far as I 'm aware . It was supposed to be the first in a trilogy , but it did n't make enough money and so even though Jet Li , Sammo Hung , and the others involved fought to make them , it never came to pass . Apparently there have been some other films and TV Series made following the same story , but the most recent TV Series from 2003 has n't made it to North America yet.Still this first part of an incomplete saga is a great kung fu flick , primarily because of the incredibly quick pace , intricate plotline , bad humour , and non stop ass-kicking fun . It overwhelms the senses and if this type of flick is your cup of tea , I think you 'll find this is as good as it gets . It seems to be a style of film you either get or you do n't , so do n't be put off by any bad reviews you see . This is n't Proust , but has its own virtues . If you like it , you likely be frustrated when it ends before resolving much of anything plot-wise , but just hold on , I 'm sure they 'll do a proper remake in ten years with genetic clones of the original cast or thereabouts . We 'll see .
 Ok first off , all of you who are buying this silly Lord of the Wutang title are getting the cover up bootleg of the original movie which is The Kung Fu Colt Master -LRB- or Kung Fu Master here in US -RRB- . Do n't get the Lord of the Wutang version for the sound and picture really suck , and the distributors are known for cutting stuff too . With that aside , let me just say that this is one of the very few hk fantasy films that I own , and yet its one of my favorite movies . The story is basically about 2 swords that make the users superpowerful , and there are several kung fu schools looking and fighting for it . Jet represents one of these schools and througout the film , he masters several martial art techniques at an interestingly fast pace . He needs to protect his great grandfather , who happens to know where the swords are , from the corrupt schools . Warning , this is no Fist of Legend , but the martial arts are quite decent in my opinion . Yes , there is flying and superhuman powers in this film , but it actually makes it fun , not like dumb movies like the Storm Riders -LRB- this movie is too much -RRB- . Plus , the film is extremely hilarious , especially the scene where Jet gets stuck in a cave . There are also 2 extremely beautiful women in this film that just made me go gaga . Watch it and find out what I mean . I 'd totally recommend a buy tho , but like I said get the original Kung Fu Colt Master . I got the HK version which is presented in 5.1 dolby , and the picture is pretty clear as well . I ca n't say much for the World Video US release version , except that the cover looks really crappy . However , I 've heard the transfer is pretty good and it has an english dub as well . But original Chinese w / subs is the way to go for me . So go check this one out , and if you like it , try Swordsman II -LRB- w/Jet also -RRB- ... check out my other reviews too , mostly HK flicks . Hope this was helpful .
 . . let me just say that this is one of the very few hk fantasy films that I own , and yet its one of my favorite movies . The story is basically about 2 swords that make the users superpowerful , and there are several kung fu schools looking and fighting for it . Jet represents one of these schools and througout the film , he masters several martial art techniques at an interestingly fast pace . He needs to protect his great grandfather , who happens to know where the swords are , from the corrupt schools . Warning , this is no Fist of Legend , but the martial arts are quite decent in my opinion . Yes , there is flying and superhuman powers in this film , but it actually makes it fun , not like dumb movies like the Storm Riders -LRB- this movie is too much -RRB- . Plus , the film is extremely hilarious , especially the scene where Jet gets stuck in a cave . There are also 2 extremely beautiful women in this film that just made me go gaga . Watch it and find out what I mean . Apparently this was meant to be a two part movie , so just a warning this movie will not have an ending , this is only the first part . From what I 've heard the second part of this story was filmed , but it never made it to the developing studio to be released , which really -LSB- is bad -RSB- because this film just leaves you hanging . However , I 'd totally recommend a buy tho , but like I said get the original Kung Fu Colt Master . I got the HK version which is presented in 5.1 dolby , and the picture is pretty clear as well . I ca n't say much for the World Video US release version , except that the cover looks really -LSB- bad -RSB- . However , I 've heard the transfer is pretty good and it has an english dub as well . But original Chinese w / subs is the way to go for me . So go check this one out , and if you like it , try Swordsman II -LRB- w/Jet also -RRB- ... check out my other reviews too , mostly HK flicks . Hope this was helpful .
 This video is the best kung fu movies that I have seen in a long time . Jet Li is simply trilling ! the fighting seen 's are fare better than the WU-Tang series you can see the time it took for the fighting scenes to take place the story line is better planed out than all other movies I 've seen ! this is a must see .
 Kung Fu Master , also known as The Evil Cult , is one of the most bizarre martial arts flicks I 've seen in a long time . The plot is nigh-unto incomprehensible , but involves six martial arts clans from China and Persia who are fighting over two magical swords -- a skinny glowing one and a big , fat , choppy one with curlicues . Somehow , a very young Mo-Kei , maybe only six or seven at most , is attacked by evil martial artists and left with a grey handprint on his chest . This is the dreaded Jinx Hand.His parents are understandably upset by this marking , and so is Mo-Kei 's uncle , who is a powerful martial arts master . You see , this handprint means young Mo-Kei will never be able to use kung-fu or have sex , or else he will die . At least , I think that 's what it means . In the meantime , it makes him `` very painful '' and subjected to frequent bouts of near-hypothermia . Mo-Kei 's parents and his uncle rush him off to a temple where they try fruitlessly to cure him . The parents kill themselves so that the bad guys do n't learn where their `` buddy '' is hiding with his magical sword . Just before his mother dies , she tells Mo-Kei to avenge their deaths on all the baddies . Unfortunately , that 's pretty hard to do if you do n't know kung fu . After all , there were no machine guns in this time period.Eight years later , there 's a bizarre scene where the uncle , now 108 years old discusses his morning erections with a very mature-looking 14 - or 15-year old Mo-Kei -LRB- played by Jet Li -RRB- . Uncle explains that Mo-Kei does not get erections because he is weak , but that he himself is no old granny , and has them every morning!Mo - Kei is kept alive by energy transfusions from his uncle and can only look wistfully at all the cool kung fu guys practicing their mad martial arts skillz . Then a hot chick shows up , and he becomes even more confused when she tricks him into watching her get ready for a bath.This is , of course , grounds to off the inoffensive Mo-Kei , and he gets chased off a cliff along with a kung fu mama with a jug-handle hairdo . After groping her chest on the way down , Mo-Kei and the girl meet an old man imbedded in a giant boulder . He teaches Invincible Solar Stance -LRB- or something like that -RRB- to Mo-Kei , which somehow cures him of his Jinx Hand affliction and allows Mo-Kei to kick ... The story only gets weirder from here , with a kung fu vampire named Green Bat -LRB- who asks a master to suck poison out of his bottom -RRB- , an evil queen with a lethal harpsichord -LRB- complete with harpsichord battle -RRB- , a master with foot-long eyebrows , Red Cross workers with a penchant for hookers and rape , and more talk of erections.Because Mo-Kei has become a master of Invincible Solar Stance , he learns yet another advanced style -- Magical Stance -- in a scant six hours . For anyone else , it would take thirty years . He then proceeds to kick more ... with this technique.Mo-Kei 's learning skills are increasing at an astronomical rate . The final fight scene is great because Mo-Kei learns the entire art of t ` ai chi chu'an in approximately ten seconds . Of course , he kicks even more ... Many ... are filled with footprints by this point.I really do n't quite understand what happens at the end , and since the movie stops without really wrapping anything up , I can only assume there is a sequel , or at least the intention for a sequel.If you 're in the mood for some REALLY over-the-top martial arts involving ropes , wires , and terrible subtitling , this is the film for you . If you 're in the mood for well-filmed martial arts choreography , look elsewhere . This is far too silly .
 I originally saw this movie at the Towne Theatre in San Jose , CA , where it was released in US theatres under the same title . I do not own the DVD and will not comment on quality or sound.I found this movie on video at the World Video Store in Sunnyvale , CA , where the clerk told me it was based on a novel that was the Chinese equivilent of ` War & Peace ' . It revolves around a pair of swords . This movie mainly refers to one of them , called the ` Yee Tin ' sword . When I asked the clerk what the Chinese title of this movie was , he said in broken English `` Yee Tin Slays Dragon '' -LRB- ? -RRB- As for the movie review , sheesh . . where to begin . We 'll start with Jet Li 's character as a child . His parents are attacked by some enemies known as the ` Two Jinxes ' . One of them hits the child , making him ill for life . Then a confusing sequence where his dad dies , and his mother commits suicide while the leaders of 20 clans -LRB- everything from Wutang to Shaolin -RRB- bicker and argue over ` who killed who ' and ` saving face ' and all those other CHK vengeance cliche 's . Jet Li survives with the help of an old Taoist Tai Chi master played by Sammo Hung . The other students , feeling envious of him because of their master 's special treatment , take advantage of Sammo 's abscence by beating him up and banishing him.Yes , the plot is very confusing . There are what seems like hundreds of armies , and all of them arguing over things that happened in the past . But since when has plot played a major role in a Honk Kong martial arts movie ? If you 're a fan of CHK fung fu fantasy movies , here is the mother of them all -LRB- with the exception of maybe ` Zu
 I have seen this movie many times and is one of my favourite kung fu movies till date . The special effects are a bit dated but still very much enjoyable . But the movie does n't have a proper ending and leaves much to be desired . I do n't know if it has a sequel . It has great fighting scenes and fascinating characters . Just do n't expect a great story . But all in all a very enjoyable movie experience . Do n't think twice and buy the movie specially at such a low price .
 This movie was made to be a fantasy/martial arts movie , and it delivers as promised . I have a very extensive collection of Martial Arts movies and I can honestly say that this movie is one of my top 15 favorite movies . I gave it a 4 instead of a five because it does go a little overboard with the fantasy element , but not enough to distract you from the fighting , and believe me , there 's a lot of it .
 First of all this movie is fantasy based so forget reality . Once you can handle that then prepare for lots of action set in olden days China . It is surprisingly very funny too . The only challenge is that I got the English subtitle version which meant I had to struggle to keep up with Jet Li 's lightening speed .
 This movie is hard to follow . But , the action is terrific . I think it should have been longer to explain some of the story . I recommend this film for its incredible action and quick pace . This movie has it all except a cohesive storyline . But , that probably adds to the charm of the film . Other plotless films turn out boring , but this one is throughly entertaining .
 This film is a real giggle . When I watch it , I feel as though I am witnessing some extravagent daydream by an imaginative pre-teen . The effects are really over-the-top , & the things I found most humorous about it were probably not intended as such . Nevertheless , I have watched it several times and I find it very appealing on some level . Jet Li is really sort of wasted in this flick , because so much of it is `` magic '' & `` super secret final techniques '' that his real martial arts ability is not truly showcased . One feels that anyone else could have played the part ... kind of like finding the special gismo that turns ordinary kids into Power Rangers . Still , it is worth having this film in your collection , especially if your funny bone is tickled by the weird and offbeat .
 This film is a real giggle . When I watch it , I feel as though I am witnessing some extravagent daydream by an imaginative pre-teen . The effects are really over-the-top , & the things I found most humorous about it were probably not intended as such . Nevertheless , I have watched it several times and I find it very appealing on some level . Jet Li is really sort of wasted in this flick , because so much of it is `` magic '' & `` super secret final techniques '' that his real martial arts ability is not truly showcased . One feels that anyone else could have played the part ... kind of like finding the special gismo that turns ordinary kids into Power Rangers . Still , it is worth having this film in your collection , especially if your funny bone is tickled by the weird and offbeat .
 This movie is the best Jet Li martial arts flick I have ever seen . The story starts out with action and leaves you wanting more . The little bit of disappointments were that its subtitled and some parts are unreadable & that the ending left me hanging . From beginning to end it was great . I even tried getting the DvD version but it got put on back order and then never came . If you like this movie you might also want to try The New Legend of Shaolin .
 while i havent seen this movie , its the same as Kung Fu Colt Master . to my understanding , this version has been all chopped up and the quality is low . so speaking for the orginal , its great , it kinda reminded me of HERO , not as good of course but still like it . just without the millions invested in HERO.if u like Hero , Storm Riders , & Iron Monkey , buy it . i 'd consider this to be the first fantasy fu flick!remember , get the ORGINAL , and that goes for ASIAN FLICKS . one word for you . EBAY !
 this movie started out as a dissapointment cause the front was cheesy , but as the movie went along it got better and better , Jet Li plays a man that doesnt know any kung-fu , and cant learn any , because of a strange disease only a long dead kung fu master can cure . He falls down a cliff and is trained by the old man . So now he uses it to avenge his parents ! a great movie
 I stumbled over this movie on a movie channel in a hotel in Bali , at about 3 o'clock in the morning , and I watched the whole thing.Crazy kung-fu story , over the top acting and more Matrix-like action sequences than you can shake a big stick at . The plot may be hard to follow , but if you want plot , watch Meryl Streep . This movie is about kicking ass , and believe me , everyones ass gets kicked . Different fighting styles satisfy the amateur kung-fu-ist , and the over the top wire movements make this seem more like a live action manga.If only the ladies in this film had agreed to nudity , it would get five stars . Oh , well ... Seriously , one of the best in the genre .
 Jet Li stars in this Kung fu fantasy showcase . Jet Li is caught up in an all-out clan vs clan war . All the kung fu sects have teamed up in order to bring an end to what is know as the Black sect . Li 's Character must find a way to stop all the clans from attacking , and must do what he can to bring all the clan 's together in order to stop the real villians behind the huge misunderstanding . Some Great Fight scenes , Fast and Furious . A very strange story from teh beginning but extremely entertaining all the way through . Very fantasy like , and to be honest the film never actually ends . Also known as Lord of the Wu Tang -LRB- wu tang collection -RRB-
 I 'm an old-school Eva fan ... I watched it all on VHS with english dub . And the old English dub was AWESOME . This one mediocre . Tiffany -LRB- Aska -RRB- did a pretty cool job , but otherwise ... it just does n't have the same magic.The new visuals are spectacular . I would buy the DVD just watch it with the mute button on the whole time . So much is clearer ; there is a clearer progression in many scenes that were partially edited before.Alternatively ... this version is not as clean as the previous edit . When I watch eva on a regular basis , I 'll still watch the old edit because it 's cleaner , simpler , more graceful . But I 'm glad to have this one for the additional scenes . They add alot of background information and further understanding ; they 're also much more synchronous with the presentation of Instrumentality in the last two episodes and the movie.The director 's cut may not be the best thing for people who have n't watched Eva twelve times and memorized everything , but for us who have ... it 's great .
 Neon Genesis Evangelion
 Well lets get to the point ... the main reason you would be buying this video is to check out the extra scenes that you get from the director 's cut footage . And when you see the first episode -LRB- ep .21 -RRB- you will be thinking ... ` what was special about that ' but it does get better with each episode . When you get to the final episode on the disk you will see a scene that makes you glad you picked this one up because it makes you feel like your expirencing it all over again . So is it worth the price of admission , yes but my only real complaint watching it is the sound . it is in 2 . o stereo ... not kool ... not kool at all . but i guess you cant have everything ...
 Please , before thinking I 'm a diehard EVA fan , read my review for the entire series . Trust me ; I have no real love for this series as a whole , in fact if it was n't for the fact that this volume is simply amazing I would have given it a 2 at best , more likely a 1 . But this volume is great , so great in fact that it rivals almost any other anime I 've ever seen . It is so full of drama that I was left shaking after watching it . Wow , what an experience . The part about Auska was the best in the whole series . Unfortunately it was too late to save the series at this point , and the follow up episodes really sucked .
 Everyone else tells the details , but this really said nothing new and has little that is new . The untold plot had already been told in the movies and this only reenforces it . I personally disappointed with episode 22 with the fact that the music which really made the secene so memorable was dimmed down alot . I 'm not saying this dvd is bad , I 'm just saying I would think about it a little bit more on how you spend your money .
 I do n't know about the rest of you , but I think the `` professionals '' writing the editorial reviews are supposed to be unbiased . But , labeling the commentary about the live action EVA as patronizing is sadly a biased statement . I understand some people are unable to cope with the fact that Anime are being brought to America in a form of live action entertainment but , I find this to be quite enthralling . Think of it , beautifully rendered CG Eva models , charecters -LRB- hopefully -RRB- portraying our beloved Eva charecters in all their mind-shatteringly disturbing glory.On to the Review : I first watched these directors cut 's off of a bootleg website in Japanese -LRB- I only understand like ... what and hello in Japanese -RRB- and I was blown away . The story unravelled itself for me through the mere visuals of this astounding new Rebirth . Ah , I just caught the cornyness of it ... Death , Rebirth , End , and Ressurection . I guess Anno could be less involved with death , could n't he ? Anyways , I have high hopes for all future Eva products . What a beautiful DVD ! 5 and 1/2 Stars ! -LRB- I always hate when people do that -RRB- p.s. . If anyone can force the Anime Network to start broadcasting in my area I 'd really appreciate it . -LRB- Broward County , FL -RRB-
 I suppose , since I bought this DVD as soon as it became available that I have finally become a true Eva-Otaku . After all , I already own the DVD set and the films . Somehow , though , I 've never thought of myself as one . I find Evangelion a fascinating artistic effort , one that manages to cross cultural lines even as it creates something uniquely Japanese . But I have n't memorized the scripts yet . But in absorbing this new DVD I discovered that I 'm still not tired of watching the episodes.A lot of director 's cuts really are just collections of deleted material pasted back on . With some frequency , the cuts were made for a valid reason . On occasion , the cuts were made to accomplish something arbitrary -LRB- to get a better rating or meet a length requirement -RRB- . That is the case here . These episodes represent a return to Hideaki Anno 's original concept for the series and provide considerable insight into the confusions of the first US release.Episode 21 has been filled out considerably , providing a better picture of the progression that led to the birth of the Evangelions and the inception of NERV . While most of the information can be gleaned elsewhere , this makes the story gel for the view . You will immediately become aware that you are watching a redubbed Japanese product , not a re-localized cut -LRB- which is what the original release was . This creates a bit of visual confusion until you adjust , but actually presents considerable new information , as many of the subtitles are different or new.Unfortunately , is also becomes apparent that the entire production has been redubbed and John Swasey has replaced Tristan MacAvery as Gendo Akari . While it is n't Swasey 's fault , the acting lacks the edge of the first release , and sometimes the dubbing proceeds on blindly , paying no attention to changes in the subtitles or the Japanese . Minor annoyances when you consider the improved clarity of the episodes.Episode 22 is the first indication that something major has happened . The material reintroduced to the episode focuses on Asuka 's development as a character . Introductory material about he has been added , and the fight scene where she suffers a breakdown and failure has been significantly changed . Anno makes much use of echoing images in the series , but what we discover is that the released cut greatly reduced his artistic contribution . With al this restored the story leaps to life as it never had before.Episode 23 continues in this vein . Although the changes are not so dramatic as in 22 , Rei 's fight scene has also been expanded internally , some material has also been deleted including a bit of brief nudity that also refocuses the intense of another scene . In fact , many of the cuts originally made in both 22 and 23 were made to diffuse some of the latent sexuality of the invasions of both Asuka 's and Rei 's psyche 's . In retrospect , this is a surprising discovery , since Evangelion has always been aimed at a young adult audience , and there is nothing particularly offensive in the new versions.Both versions of the episodes are provided so save popping DVD 's in and out . The only additional material is a 15-minute marketing interview about the Evangelion live action film that raises as many misgivings as it does interest.If the remaining episodes in the director 's cut series are as changed as these were then this is required viewing . Hideaki Anno 's work opens up layers of Evangelion that previously were obscure tot he viewer , especially the English language viewer . I would recommend tracking them down even if you are only a casual watcher of anime . If you have become an Eva-Otaku then ownership is both required and a delight .
 I love ` Evangelion ' and I have watched it several times over the years since its release . I enjoy discussing with friends what the show is about and I am one of those people who liked both endings of the series . I pretty much love everything about it , but only a few themes of the show make it less enjoyable then it could be for me and these Directors ' Cuts make one point stand out.For how great Eva is , for how well it digs into the emotions and personalities of its characters , ` Evangelion ' gets very depressing by the end of it . When the show hits its 20th episode , almost all the humor has been put to the side . It gets very serious and very thought provoking . Watching Asuka -LRB- played by Tiffany Grant at her best -RRB- get torn down and fall into a wreck is gut wrenching to watch . The added scenes make this even harder to watch , but you just ca n't help but stare and listen . The added scenes of Rei II 's -LRB- Amanda Winn-Lee -RRB- death are fascinating and almost feel out of place after years of seeing the original version.In all , the added scenes make the show even better , but also make it harder to watch . To me , this is not the kind of show you can just sit down on a lazy Sunday afternoon and watch in your bathrobe . It 's the kind of show you watch when you want to be moved and not stop thinking about it for a week . You watch ` Evangelion ' when you want to feel something . Unfortunately , some of those feelings wo n't be pleasant and will make you sad , but that is the whole point in the first place .
 If you need an excuse to buy this , tell yourself it 's a present for that * real * otaku in your life , that 's all ... but you do n't need an excuse . You need this if you are still dissatisfied with , or puzzled by , Evangelion . I pre-ordered it -LRB- not for me , no , it was a present ... -RRB- , half-expecting to be disappointed -- instead we were dead silent , other than the occasional muttered `` that 's new '' & some snorting at the subtitles , which are , shall we say , less than smoothly done this time around . Lots of clarification . Lots of back story . Lots of new images . Yes , I 've pre-ordered the next one -LRB- but it 's a present , really -RRB- . Evangelion is dark , no question , but for truly depressing viewing , watch the preview of the live-action version
 ... but not because this DVD is the best around . Its the best at the moment because you get more for your money with this one than with the original 0-6 release . It holds both the original and the director cut episodes and features some extra 's with regards to the -LRB- possible -RRB- upcoming Evangelion live movie as well as some audio commentary -LRB- even though I find those things awfull myself ; its just people chatting while the cartoon is running , most of the times they do n't even pay attention at all to what is happening -RRB- . So where money is concerned this would be your best choice at the moment . But if you simply like the series without being a `` die-hard '' fan then I 'd advice you to steer clear of this one and get the original instead.When watching this DVD I only used the English sub and even though it has some very nice extra 's when it comes to the Director Cut episodes -LRB- the guys from SEELE really sound more creapy -RRB- it can be an annoying experience in the overall . Some of the main characters -LRB- Ikari , Ibuki and the `` long haired '' collegue of Huga -RRB- got totally changed voices . Although Ikari 's voice is n't as annoying the others are just totally wrong choices . In some cases it really does not reflect the personage.If you 're just looking for something new on the Evangelion front then I 'd really advice you to wait for the moment where the currently being released platinum collection reaches this number . Its almost as if the released movies and Director cuts were the tests for the Platinum series . Everything which the movie or director cut lacks -LRB- wrong voices , weird animation -RRB- is totally made up in the Platinum series . That is truly a `` blast from the past '' re-run .
 In one word
 This DVD is aimed at die-hard Evangelion fans . It also coincides with preproduction of the live-action movie . Evangelion is the Holy Grail of anime TV series.One of the cool things about this DVD is it includes the original episodes and the new versions . Of course , fans will already have the originals , but it 's a neat feature.No , there are no previews of the live-action movie , just a Q&A with two production guys from `` The Lord of the Rings . '' They 're `` really honored to work on this project . '' You get the idea.Check out
 Evangelion fans will surely rejoice on some level that their beloved series is being somewhat redone . This is the first of two director 's cuts , and the change are simply astounding.One thing nobody 's said yet is that this is actually a remaster as well . Seems ADV lifted the redone video from that Eva project in Japan that cleaned up the video and gave it a Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack . The colors are more vibrant , the lines more distinct , and scene changes less visually jumpy . There is no Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack , however.Not much is different in episode 21 , however , things change with episode 22 . I wo n't spoil anything , but I will say that there is an incredibly powerful new scene involving Asuka ... the fact that it was n't included in the original is apalling . The eva battle in episode 23 is COMPLETELY different then in the original , and gives loads of new insight not seen before . This newly redone battle sequence somewhat hints at what 's to come in End of Evangelion.One bad thing is that there 's a redub , and while I did n't mind the fact that some actors were dropped , it does seem that nearly everyone is far less enthusiastic . You can tell that , upon listening to it , most of them are thinking `` I 've got ta do this again ? I thought I was done with Evangelion years ago . '' One exception is the voice actress behind Asuka . She 's actually improved since the series , and her presence is every bit as powerful and moving as it was on End of Evangelion , if not then more so . This is definately good , Asuka 's new scene is , without a doubt , the most important addition to the disc.There 's an excerpt on the Eva live movie with Weta workshop , which would be some of the lads behind the Lord of the Rings trilogy . This would be a good thing for fans , but it ended up being more like a rude awakening . One of the men being interviewed continuously refers to the series as `` Evanjellion , '' which makes me question just how do care about the series . A concept drawing for one of the female characters in a blue suit had the name `` Ray '' on it . These things and their vague explanation of what the series was about was enough to destroy whatever faith I had in the project .
 Well , after years/months/days of waiting , it 's finally here
 Wayne proved you could make an excellent western without a big budget in his company 's first effort . While it has somehow garnered a reputation as second-tier Wayne over the years , mostly due to surviving prints of the film being just okay , this is actually a very entertaining film with a great cast and good story . Having seen it several times quite recently , it has that special quality of being watchable over and over.Much of the reason is the lovely Gail Russell . She was most certainly the prettiest girl in Hollywood and it 's no wonder that Wayne fell in love with her . She was terribly shy in real life , and truly had to will herself to step in front of the camera . But the camera loved her and so did audiences . Angel and the Badman , The Unseen , and The Uninvited are probably her best moments on film . Her Penelope , the lovely young Quaker girl who prompts gunslinger Quirt Evans to give up his guns , is one of her best remembered roles.Quirt -LRB- Wayne -RRB- has been wounded by his nemesis on the outlaw trail , Laredo Stevens -LRB- Bruce Cabot -RRB- , and his gang is hot on his trail when Penelope and her father -LRB- John Halloran -RRB- rescue him during the chase . Bystanders are stunned when the Quaker family takes Quirt into their home to mend , knowing his reputation with a gun can only bring disaster for them . But from the moment they begin calling him Brother , much to his chagrin , they only see the good in Quirt and it begins to wear him down.Or perhaps it 's the big dark eyes of Penelope , and her ethereal beauty and faith in Quirt which causes him to gradually change . There is a bit too much talk at times , but it is balanced by a saloon brawl and some cattle rustling . It is the romance between Quirt and Penelope which is the heart and soul of things , however . Harry Carey gives a great supporting performance as Marshall Wistful McClintock , at first hanging around to see if Laredo will take out Quirt or Quirt will take out Laredo , then to see if Penelope can really change Quirt and make him lay down his gun.Anyone could guess the outcome but it is very entertaining getting there . Wayne and Russell made a nice couple and there is a charm to their romance missing in some of Wayne 's bigger budget westerns of the era . A very enjoyable movie for a Saturday morning in bed and a nice way to remember Gail Russell .
 This release is perhaps the best available transfer of this long-neglected film . It 's not in the STAGECOACH category by any means , but still one of those pleasant and heart-warming westerns you want to visit over and over again
 After first watching this movie years ago I thought just another John Wayne &#34; B &#34; movie . The more I watched it , the more I realize it was a very good story and very well acted .
 One of the best gail Russell movie . I recomend this movie if you are the fan of gail or John Wayne . The quality is very good and I notesed that reproduced in stero sond .
 Of all the John Wayne movies , I put this in his top five . Like the Quiet Man , Hondo , Stagecoach , and North to Alaska , I can watch these movies repeatedly . Not to heavy , just good entertainment .
 Dont listen to those who says it is boring.It is not . On the contrary it is very interesting.After all it is educational DVD , not entertaining . . And they teach you everything you need to know about sewing in very detailed and dry way , . The way i believe works best for me . Maybe cze i m Russian and like things to be straight forward.Beauty of this Dvd that it is divided on chapters and u can easily refer to any information you need.Get yourself all 7 and you wouldnt need to attend any expensive sewing courses.You can learn art of sewing individualy in a comfortable atmosphere of your onw home .
 These videos are fabulous my daughters and I learned how to sew using only these videos . My daughters have surpassed me in sewing . I thank God for Pam 's williness to use her skill to make videos for those who never was taught the skill of sewing . May God bless her business .
 This is the 2nd in the series and is great ! I have watched it twice and so far bigin to sew a couple of things . I do very much recommend this series to any one wanting to learn to sew . It is FANTASTIC !!!!!!!
 This is a great movie , A must to see .
 Enough has been said about this movie already , I think , considering its overall flimsiness . It really is `` ironic '' fun , as someone mentioned , and only for those who are tolerant enough to handle a bit of fluff and not have a coronary about it . I thought it was pretty amusing . It helps if you 're into sailing and sunny ports . Be that as it may , I am surprised that no one has commented on the `` theme '' song . It features quite prominently in the beginning , introducing us to the two English lasses whiling away their evenings singing badly in a sleazy Gibraltar sailor dive ; and towards the end of the film , it introduces the final twist ... with a vengeance . As it turned out to my delight , `` You 're leaving me '' -- the title of aforementioned ditty -- was an almost direct translation of a song called `` Porque te vas '' by Jose Luis Perales , one of my favorite Spanish singer-songwriters . Great song , really ! Silly performance , though . I 'm almost a bit curious what JLP got out of it ...
 You would think that a movie starring Elizabeth Hurley and Patsy Kensit alone on the high seas with a sea captain would make for an interesting movie right ? Sadly this is not the case and this film is just yet another `` Dead Calm '' wannabee . Patsy gives the captain a very specific sexual invitation via her body language which almost makes this movie worth watching . This movie should appeal to Hormonally Charged 17 year old adolescents for this scene alone . I give this movie 5 stars because the boat is very pretty just like Patsy and Elizabeth .
 Jurgen Prochnow , Patsy Kensit , and Elizabeth Hurley are well-cast in this odd little movie about two good-looking bar girls looking for a way to get to the Bahamas from their current home in Gibraltar . Jurgen Prochnow is the quiet drunk who offers them a lift in his boat/yacht . At first I thought he was the luckiest guy in the world , to have two such beautiful women all to himself for a couple of weeks at sea , and in the beginning it seems to live up to its potential . Needless to say , things get worse . I liked a lot of things about this film -- like the musical number the girls perform together for the crowd at the club in Gibralter . They were HOT ! Anyway , it 's not a GREAT film , but I still liked it !
 -LRB- Please note
 This group typifies the energy of the Irish culture that has moved throughtheir music choice and brought the product to world class performance .
 First , let me say this
 I watched this film on a cold saturday night with my 90 year-old grandfather by a warming fire and we were both entranced . After only having seen Love-Hewitt playing teeny boppers and angst-ridden soap stars , this was a refreshign and well-deserved change . She took on the mammoth task of playing one of the world 's finest and best know stars graciously and played it to her ability . The most moving parts were her childhood . Frances fisher brought her usual grace and dignity to the part of Audrey 's mother and complemented Love-Hewitt perfectly . All in all , a perfect rainy day film and a typical chick-flick !
 I was stunned at the number of people who did n't like this movie . I am amazed at what a wonderful job Jennifer Love Hewitt did at portraying Audrey . I also appreciated the fact that the movie had very little swearing and no inappropriate scenes . I am so glad that there are still good , pure movies out there . This is definently one of those ! I recommend this movie to EVERYONE!I thank the producers for this terrific story and production . I would buy this movie in a minute !
 I thought that honoring Audrey Hepburn was a wonderful idea and ever since I found out about the special , I had wanted to see it . Although , in the beginning , I did not particularly like Hewitt 's interpretation of Audrey , after I watched it a few more times , her performance grew on me . I now find myself watching the tape weekend after weekend , hanging on her every word , waiting to see what happens next . -LRB- even though I have it memorized . -RRB- The story is amazing with all the different love struggles that she goes through . My favorite moments are all her proposals and break ups . I think that anyone who likes a good Romantic flick would love this movie . It is definately worth the watching .
 This movie was great and Hewitt was great in it . She had the same dialect , mannerisms , and dress as Hepburn , and she makes you feel what the actress was going through . Hewitt shines as Hepburn , -LRB- especially in the `` Little Black Dress '' -RRB- and the angle where she is flashing back during shooting of Breakfast at Tiffanys ! A must-see for all hepburn fans .
 I loved this movie ! I was a little worried about Jennifer Love playing her and whether she would do alright , but she was great ! She did wonderful portraying Audrey Hepburn and I forgot I was watching Jennifer Love Hewitt ! See this then buy it ! Definately !
 This was a wonderful movie about how Audrey Hepburn grew up , all the way from when she was 3 or 4 , to her film `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' . Jenifer Love-Hewitt brings Audrey to life!It is a warm heartfelt story of the real Audrey Hepburn and I would highly recomend this film , it would be a great film to watch wiht you family !
 I am surprised at how many people did n't like this movie . I think they missed the point . If they wanted an exact copy of Audrey , they should have looked elsewhere . That 's the trouble with biographical movies , you ca n't please a lot of folks unless the original actor/actress did the film themselves , -LRB- while they were alive -RRB- . Jennifer did a fantistic job of creating a mood that put me back in time with Audrey . Jennifer actually had to hold back her talent , -LRB- a dangerous thing for a young , up and comer to do -RRB- , because , no matter what many people say , Audrey was NOT all that great an actress . She had a `` Look '' and came along at the right time . Jennifer filled the screen with her own presence , and filled it beautifully . I look forward to more of her work , for I am now hopelessly in love with Love
 I Think the movie is great , everything , im a big fan of Audrey Hepburn , and i think that the performance of Jennifer Love Hewitt was great too , besides other people said .
 Hey yeah got ta love Jennifer too . She plays the part of audrey so well . So back off dave .
 Loved it , enough said ! I feel like Jennifer did a great job . and lets be honest she did an amazing job with the budget that was presented .
 No one is like Audrey Hepburn ; we know that . But Jennifer Love Hewitt does as good a job of presenting her as I think could be expected . Having been a fan of Audrey from the 60s and JLH for the last year since I stumbled on `` Ghost Whisperer '' , like everyone I had doubts she could have pulled off presenting the essence of Audrey H on screen , but I was wrong . She did a great job , and I found the movie a delight to watch . I ran some of it A/B vs. the real `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' and was impressed how much closer JLH was to the persona presented by Audrey on screen than the location managers were in presenting New York . Another reviewer said that Audrey 's son approved of the job done in this movie , and I can see why . If he approves of JLH 's version of Audrey 's life , it would seem Ms. Hewitt must have done a pretty good job . Anyway , I knew the general picture of Ms. Hepburn 's life , but nothing like the detail presented in this film . Recommended if you are interested in either actress !
 Being a fan of Audrey Hepburn , this movie was perfect . She did a great job playing Audrey .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . This is probably the single hardest job an actress would take on . I belive that people are expecting to see the actual Audrey Hepburn . That is not going to happen . Mrs Hepburn is regarded as the best actress of all time , and to think that Jennifer Love Hewitt can have the same performance is not logical . But Ms Hewitt does a wonderful job of capturing the charm and grace of Hepburn in a way I do n't believe that any other young actress could do . Who else could pull off this part ? In my opinion , no one else has even close to any resemblence to Hepburn compared to Hewitt . I believe this was a wonderful film and it made me even more interested in some of the classical Hepburn movies that I have not previously seen . Give credit to Hewitt for tackling such a hard film and pulling it off . A job well done .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt may not be the glowing glimmering beatiful star that Audrey Hepburn was , but name one actress these days who is . and it is not who played the role it is how well they did . JLH did an excellent job depicting the life of Audrey Hepburn , she showed the same elligence and beauty as Hollie Golightly , and the same innocence and wonder as Princess Anne and Sabrina . this movie was excelent . 5 STARS
 No doubt , Audrey Hepburn is one of the greatest actoresses of all time and it is because of her legend and mistique that most Hepburn fans will find a biography portrayed by an actoress such as Love Hewitt both inaccurate and insulting . However , this would go for any actoress who dares portray Hepburn . The fact that Love Hewitt is a `` teen-sensation '' is not exactly helpful to the reputation . However , there are a slew of ideas people must keep in mind . # 1 To be fair to Hewitt , anyone who tried to portray Hepburn would receive bad reviews . # 2 The movie wishes to portray Audrey Hepburn 's life . I am much younger than most people are and obviously Hepburn was before my time . However , I feel exposure of such classics is very important . If this special can accomplish that , whether or not it 's `` perfect '' is trivial in comparrison to the attention it can bring to Hepburn and her revival . # 3 In regards to accuracy , although it is important , we must view it with the mindset that this is Hollywood and sometimes things are changed for different reasons . # 4 Although there are many other ideas necessary to keep in mind , ultimately , viewers must watch this movie with an open-mind . The movie as a whole is a touching and moving movie -- but not Hepburn . The movie , in and of itself is a good movie and you 'll see what you want to see . If you want to see this movie , give it a chance . If you are just completely against the idea of this movie , do n't watch it ; but the world does not need you bashing on a perfectly good movie either .
 A must have for those who love Audrey Hepburn . Good film though I would have loved it more if the story continued until she deceased .
 Both Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- Grown Audrey Hepburn -RRB- and Emmy Rossum -LRB- Teen Audrey Hepurn - Also in Phantom of the Opera movie -RRB- made wonderful productions of the life of Audrey . They both brought life to a woman that many of us new only as a celebrity . This is the best movie on a real person 's life that helps you connect with the real person . If you are interested on her life as a child up to the time of her death then this movie is for you . You will be moved by the struggles of her and her family during the time of World War II .
 Remarkably good . Though bafflingly ironic they 'd cast a Jennifer to play someone who was to die of colon disease . Jennifer Lopez or Jennifer Connely could ` nt do it well . And certainly not Jennifer Anniston , who looks nothing like Audrey Hepburn anyway . But Jennifer Love Hewitt is the one that could do it , and surprisingly well as I 'd never expect from a Jennifer . Reinforces her as the best actress among Jennifers . Audrey was definitely the underrated of the two Hepburn actresses , who I always thought were related , since their name is uncommon , until someone told me they were n't . I 'm Happy Jennifer Love Hewitt has the stuff after all to give this sweet and loving tribute . It made me cry , almost as much as when Audrey died .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt shines as actess and humanitarian Audrey Hepburn . The flashback techniques is really quite empresive , and Hewitt brings charm , grace , and real drama to this part . It shows all important moments in the actress ' life and tells you more about the actress .
 Frankly , I came to this film expecting to find fault and to be a detractor . After all , how could someone have the temerity to attempt to portray Audrey Hepburn , one of the ethereal luminaries of the screen . I fell in love with Audrey Hepburn when I was 12 years old and saw her in Sabrina in 1954 ; I remained in love with her for the rest of her life . Consequently , I doubted that any mere mortal could do justice to this role , especially Jennifer Love Hewitt , who had not be known for major dramatic performances . However , I must concede that I was pleasantly surprised.The performance was quite convincing and believable . Hewitt had Audrey Hepburn 's voice and a number of her mannerisms down quite well , and also conveyed some of the fragility of her personality . On balance , I found the film quite satisfying and enjoyable .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt is clearly not Audrey Hepburn , she does n't even come close , but , I will concede that she did a great job at producing and starring in this made-for-TV-movie . It takes us from Audrey 's childhood all the way to one of her many defining moments - the filming of Breakfast At Tiffany 's . It really is a pleasant film to watch . Although the script can be slow at times , I feel that it honors Audrey 's memory . Even her son approved of this biography.Ultimately , I 'd like to say to those who bash Ms. Hewitt for starring in this bio-pic , I 'm glad that she used the fame she has to introduce Audrey to a younger audience that possibly would have never learned about her otherwise.I give this movie four stars because of Emmy Rossum 's incredible talents . I wish her and Ms. Hewitt many more successes .
 The Audrey Hepburn Story was fantastic . Although some of the things that happened did not happen at the right time . Jennifer Love does lovely , but is not Audrey Hepburn . I am doing an Audrey report , and it was very informative .
 This movie is amazing . It really makes me want to become more familiar with the actual actress -LRB- Audrey Hepburn -RRB- . I am a big fan of Jennifer Love Hewitt and since I was not very familiar with Ms. Hepburn , at first I with held my opinion . But , I recently shared this movie with my mother , who is familiar with Audrey Hepburn 's movies and is a fan of her 's . She told me that she thought Love Hewitt did a fantastic performance of portraying Audrey . Therefore , I fail to understand the harsh reviews I have read . Of course , everybody is entitled to thier opinion and I know not everyone is as into Love Hewitt as I am , but as far as I am concerned , she has performed excellently .
 I found this movie outstanding . I believe that JLH played a powerful role as Audrey Hepburn . She looked like her , acted like her , and sounded like her . I 've been a fan of JLH for 3 years now and I can tell you now that this is the best work I 've ever seen her do . She has all the sex appeal and glamor that Audrey Hepburn had . Who ever purchases this movie is definetly their money 's worth .
 I think that jennifer love hewitt is agreat actor and she shines in yhis movie . I think this is one of her better movies . I recommand this movie to everyone .
 I , along with millions , love Audrey Hepburn . There is n't really anyone that could do justice to her . I also like Jennifer Love Hewitt a lot so if someone HAS to play Audrey Hepburn it might as well be her . I think that this role gave Love a wonderful opportunity to showcase her talent . However because of critics and cynics there is no way for her to get the credit she deserves . -LRB- Although I have read several professional reviews praising her -RRB- Anyway , if you watch this for the pure entertainment value then it is wonderful . If you are expecting a full life biography of this extraordinary woman you might be disappointed . I was pleased becuase I was n't expecting much . For the real Audrey I will watch her wonderful movies .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt clearly loves her subject and treated this story like the Tiffany diamond that is Audrey Hepburn . Kudos !
 Before I saw this movie , I did not know who Jennifer Love Hewitt was . I knew Miss Hepburn , but not very well . After seeing this movie , I fell in love with Miss Hewitt , Miss Hepburn , AND this movie ! It is one of those movies that I love to revisit over and over . I love seeing Miss Hewitt and Miss Hepburn in other venues . I can not think of one lady without thinking of the other . For me , Miss Hewitt BECAME Miss Hepburn ! I think I have fallen in love with both . That to me speaks of a very powerful movie . One that I WILL watch again and again !
 I enjoyed this biopic and thought that Jennifer Love Hewitt played Audrey Hepburn very well , both in terms of her looks and her voice . I could have sworn that Hewitt was a British actress till I found out from the internet that she was born Texan - an impressive performance.Biopics are difficult to make well because of the problem of selection of material , and the consequent risk of portraying characters in insufficient detail -LRB- like Hepburn 's father -RRB- . Even this however illustrates that she hardly knew him.This may be a ` TV movie ' , but it is a good TV movie . Recommended for an enjoyable relaxing afternoon or evening .
 But she does a damn good job . And it 's obvious that she loves the role and the opportunity to have played her . The negative reviews she 's gotten just are n't fair . She certainly gets points for attempting this , and if you 'll give the movie half a chance , with an OPEN MIND , she might just prove to you that she 's a very good actress.If you 're expecting Audrey , or wanting to compare the two of them , that 's just not fair to anyone . I 'm glad to have seen the story done so well .
 In my opinion , this is one of the best films of 2000 . It is about the life of Audrey Hepburn ... that is the only way to describe the premise ! It takes place during the making of `` Breakfast at Tiffani 's , '' and builds itself up be showing flashbacks of Audrey 's life . The movie is amazing quality ... and everything about it is enjoyable . You do not have to be an Audrey Hepburn fan to enjoy this movie ! It is just a film that can be enjoyed by anyone . The acting in this film is wonderful , especially Jennifer Love Hewitt . She does an amazing job here , and I am a huge fan of hers . The other actresses that play young Audrey are great as well . The actress that plays Audrey 's mom is one of the best -LRB- she also played Rose 's mom in Titanic -RRB- . Eric McCormack -LRB- from Will and Grace -RRB- also appears here , and does a fine job . This film has many different elements to it that make it what it is . You go through the happy moments with Audrey , and it makes you happy , but then there are the sad moments that make you sad ! If you are an Audrey fan , please go into this with an open mind , and you will like it ! You can not expect to see Audrey because if you do , you will not enjoy this film . Thank you for taking the time to read my review , and I give The Audrey Hepburn Story 5 stars !!!
 Personally i do n't think you can rate someone 's life as a movie.Audrey Hepburn was an amazing person . The story was very surprising to me because I had no idea she grew up around the war and without a father . If you 've only seen her movies and have no clue what her life was really like , this movie will be interesting to you . Of course , if you 're looking for a movie on Audrey Hepburn , portraying her life with meticulous detail and accuracy there 's always a possibility that you 'll be disappointed . I do n't know that much about her so I ca n't say that the movie was perfectly correct or inaccurate . I would still say that is worth a try though . This movie is based on her life so it 's main purpose was to tell her story rather than create a plot that would entertain the viewers . However I think the way it was made still allows it to do so .
 Alright . . this movie was n't the best bio pic . . but jennifer love hewitt did an great job . . and hey look at the girl she looks like miss hepburn . the accent was a weird but at least she tried ... I think it took alot of guts to do this role ... jennifer love hewitt ws beauitful in this role and think I this was a lovely movie.i give it ***** 5 stars . .
 I learned a lot about Audrey Hepburn 's childhood that I had never realized before . Beginning in WWII brought the story home and made it real .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt did a not-too-bad job in portraying Audrey Hepburn although she was not able to grasp everything about Audrey . Speaking the truth , playing Audrey Hepburn is a gambling , a risky task in every sense . I do n't think that there r more than very few ppl who can really carry the mission , and we ca n't expect that we are going to see a facsimile of the best actress in the Hollywood history . So , at least , we should give Jennifer some applauses for her courage to take the role .
 This movie shows an intimate portrayal into Audrey Hepburn 's life and may appeal more to those who enjoy fiction rather than those who are highly critical concerning the exact details of Audrey Hepburn 's life . I would guess if you enjoy mainstream romance then you 'd enjoy this story , because it has a bit of everything ... and of course regardless of whether romance was in the movie there would still be a story there.Those who are really specific about every detail of Audrey Hepburn 's life will probably be disappointed . Die-hard Hepburn fans will probably walk away with more to dislike than to like . Although , I personally think Hepburn was a fairly good actress , I would have to personally say that Jennifer Love Hewitt sparkled as Hepburn more than I ever personally felt concerning the real Hepburn herself . I think what Hewitt and Hepburn really share in common is that they are both very adorable women . They both sparkled in their own way.I do n't personally agree with others who say they did n't look anything alike . I do n't think they had huge resemblances but I do think they do resemble each other in less obvious ways . After seeing Hewitt in the film , I did n't think her acting was bad at all -LRB- as said by other reviewers -RRB- -- personally after seeing the film , I felt that if she took more adult roles her talent would be much better appreciated.I think that Hewitt may receive some harsh reviews because a lot of people are simply used to seeing her in less mature movies , but I think if she were to portray more adult roles as in this film , she would eventually earn the respect she deserves . I think many teen movies underplay her talent to be honest.Other reviewers have said Natalie Portman would 've been a better choice . I 'm not sure I agree . Natalie Portman is talented and I can see resemblances to Hepburn , but I think Hewitt has a magic and charm that Portman does n't have quite the same way.Hewitt comes alive beyond the film and you really believe she 's Hepburn . However , die-hard fans may not be convinced that she is , but those who are less critical will probably enjoy the film and enjoy her portrayal.I think they did make the right choice to cast Jennifer Love Hewitt . Jennifer Love Hewitt is the type of person that you can look at and really tell she 's alive and she just has an energy that bounces off the walls . I think they casted her as Audrey because she had the same energy and magic that Audrey has -LRB- inner magnetism -RRB- . I believe they saw that.I do n't think you have to look exactly like Audrey to pretend to be her . Other reviewers have questioned why she was casted because she did n't look like Audrey , but clearly there are countless movies in which actors/actresses did n't look exactly like the real people , but they were casted as the character for other reasons and perhaps they resembled the character at least a little . I think reviewers are having trouble with this simply because Audrey Hepburn was famous . `` Erin Brockovich '' is a good example . Julia Roberts did n't look anything like `` Erin Brockovich , '' but she was cast as her . And Diane Lane who plays Frances Mayes in `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' does n't look a thing like the real writer -LRB- Frances Mayes -RRB- . Looks do n't mean believability . It does n't mean just because an actor/actress looks like that person they should be casted to play that part . It helps but it 's not always enough . It also does n't mean because the person looks like that real person you 'll necessarily believe they are that person , and it does n't mean because they do n't look like that person that you 'll believe they are n't that person . That 's why it 's called acting . A large portion of it is a matter of illusion.I personally think Jennifer Love Hewitt created a very good illusion as Audrey Hepburn .
 I must whole-heartedly disagree with the editorial review in my assessment of this film . I have never been a fan of Jennifer Love Hewitt -- in fact , her performances usually annoy me . Her portrayal of Audrey hepburn , however , blew me out of the water . Her ablity to capture the eligance , delicate strength , and beauty of Hepburn is nothing less than brilliant . And please , Natalie Portman for this role ? She killed the newest Star Wars movies . I was completely surpised and delighted by Hewitt 's portrayal , and with the film overall .
 Although Audrey Hepburn can not be compared to anyone , I feel that Jennifer Love Hewitt demonstrated Audrey 's sweetness and innoncence very well . It is soo easy to understand how so many of us love Audrey , her charm and smile . I really enjoyed the way the movie was set up and I loved the costumes .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt did a not-too-bad job in portraying Audrey Hepburn although she was not able to grasp everything about Audrey . Speaking the truth , playing Audrey Hepburn is a gambling , a risky task in every sense . I do n't think that there r more than very few ppl who can really carry the mission , and we ca n't expect that we are going to see a facsimile of the best actress in the Hollywood history . So , at least , we should give Jennifer some applauses for her courage to take the role .
 I watched this on ABC , when it aired and most definitely will purchase it . Audrey Hepburn was a beautiful , thoughtful woman and she was masterfully portrayed my Jennifer love Hewitt -LRB- my all-time faovrite actress -RRB- . Its definitely worth it .
 I found this film and especially the performance of its lead actor Hewett to be absolutely enchanting . Born in 1960 , I grew up with an awareness of Audrey Hepburn , but this TV tribute truly introduced me to the magic of the star . I commend Jennifer Love Hewitt on her performance and thank her for reacquinting me with Audrey . I 've recently ordered 8 of the classic Hepburn movies so that I might truly experience the beautiful actress and fascinating culture of her days -LRB- and , later , mine -RRB- . For me , this film accomplished its likely objective
 I really liked this movie , except for Jennifer Love Hewitt . The actress playing the Baroness was absolutely perfect , and the Head Mistress was a strong character as well . But Jennifer , no.Though they had many items from Audrey 's history , they seemed to be missing the most important ones , and getting some other facts wrong . I think what happened was that the author of the script was doing a wonderful job , but then got to 2 hours and realized he could n't make it any longer , so he just added the finishing touches and cut out a lot from her history.JLH did have brown hair and brown eyes and was quite skinny , but Audrey was so much thinner . JLH had a very different `` body structure `` than Audrey did . Also , JLH , if you can not do a good accent , do n't try.I liked the movie , all in all . But ... they did n't put enough emphasis on what she thought was probably her greatest accomplishment , her humanitarian work . They ended in the middle of Audrey 's career and just did a small blip on her humanitarian work . Whatever happened to the rest of her movies ? I ca n't wait until someone has enough money to make a movie that goes throughout her life and does it accurately from start to finish . Though it might be four hours , there are people like me who would n't care , as long as it was accurate and all there . I think Audrey would have been pleasant about it , yet disappointed at the brief mention of her sons and her humanitarian work . I still love Audrey , though !
 When I first heard about this project I was a bit skeptical . The thought of anyone trying to portray Audrey seemed wrong to me ... even the beautiful Ms. Hewitt . I gave it a shot , though , and was pleasantly surprised.Hewitt pulled of the part as well as anyone possibly could and that 's a huge compliment considering her subject . She looked stunning in the roll . I 'll admit that her accent was n't dead on , but it passed well . If nothing else , she captured the fun that was attributed to Audrey.Quite a few people have critisized the movie and her roll . I honestly feel that the reason for this is because they 're so used to watching Audrey that they expect that someone portraying her can be as charming , elegant , and beautiful as Audrey herself . As a severe Audrey fan I will be the first to tell you that this is n't possible . If you go into the movie knowing that Hewitt is n't the reincarnation of Audrey then you 'll enjoy this movie .
 I saw this bio-pic when it came on tv a few years ago and being a long-time Audrey Hepburn fan , I was skeptical . I have to say setting aside Hewitt 's unfortunate attempt at Hepburn 's accent and less than realistic acting , the film at least delved into lesser known areas of her life such as her early hopes of being a ballerina , her time during the war , and her very early career . Yes , the film stops at `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' arguable her most famous role , leaving my favorites untouched -LRB- My Fair Lady most notably -RRB- . However , it does show how she was inspired to start working with humanitarian efforts , eventually leaving acting to work tirelessly with UNICEF . -LSB- I would have to say , Emmy Rossum -LRB- the actress who portrayed Audrey from 12 - 16 -RRB- was by far a better actress than JLH . I saw her in Day After Tommorrow and it took me a while to figure out where I had seen her before and then realized it was from this movie . Now , her career seems to have taken off with the Phantom of the Opera movie . -RSB- Miss Hepburn was taken from us much too soon and will never be forgotten .
 Jennifer did a good job portraying the beautiful and legendary Audrey , but again she is no Audrey Hepburn . I enjoyed the story very much and was able to get passed the fact that the resemblance or voice was not exactly like Audrey 's . I do recommend it for the story itself , which was heartwarming , but if you are expecting to see an exact duplicate of Audrey , then rent some of Audrey 's old films . .
 an excellent video , not only is the acting good , the episodes are in color and have been quality enhanced with better viewing . A hard to find classic sitcom with good taste no graphic violence , sex , or profanity at all and still very entertaining , i hope they start marketing more 60 's and 70 's sitcoms .
 It 's hard to remember the old `` My Favorite Martian '' TV series being in color , but it was -- during its final season . These rare color episodes are a treat for anyone who grew up watching the original series . Take a trip back to an innocent time -- and if you can , take someone with you who 's never been there . It 's fun for the whole family .
 I REMEMBER THE SHOW WHEN IT FIRST AIRED ON TV BACK IN 1963 AT MY OF TWELVE . THIS MAN PERFORMED WITH AWE AND WITH A WIT OUTMATCHED BY THE COMEDIANS OF TODAY .
 RAY WALSTON HAD THE SOPHISICATION OF A REAL ALIEN , THAT MR. LOYD WILL NEVER HAVE . LET 'S HAVE THE PAST !!!!
 Twists , turns , decoys , red herrings , surprises . That 's the plot . Amazing , world-class , unequaled , at their best . That 's the acting . I first saw this film as a teen . It left an indelible impression . The first time you see this film you may very well come away as shocked and delighted as that . I have since seen it a dozen times and it still has much to offer . Subtle , intelligent , sophisticated - that 's the upshot .
 I 've only seen the video -LRB- not the DVD -RRB- but it 's one of my favorite films . It 's a joy to see two great actors in unusual roles , playing them with such relish and infectious delight . I recommend it to all my friends - but I never lend them my copy . . in case they do n't return it !
 My mother rented this one and I decided to stick around for it . Glad I did . I have never seen such an intriguing film as this ... Caine and Olivier play their parts very believable and their dialogue is fun to listen to and timed to perfection . I also saw a stage presentation of this that was done just as well . By the way ... the same night we also rented a movie called Being There with Peter Sellars which would also get an enthusiastic 5 stars from me .
 Lawrence Olivier and Micheal Cane show thier best in one of the greatest movies of all time . Though they are the only two actors in the film , they manage to tell a complete story without being monotonous or boring . Definitely one of the best around .
 To see two great actors face off in a film like this is a joy to behold . ` Sleuth ' provides this golden opportunity , especially when both actors are at the top of their game . You would think that Lawrence Olivier 's grand theatrical acting style and Michael Caine 's more straightforward acting style would clash , but in ` Sleuth ' they blend wonderfully . It helps that Anthony Shaffer 's outstanding screenplay -LRB- based on his popular stage play -RRB- gives these two actors a delicious cat and mouse game to engage in.Olivier is a famous mystery novelist who invites Caine , his wife 's hairdresser , to his estate to offer him an intriguing proposal . You see , Caine is sleeping with Olivier 's wife and Olivier wants Caine to , as he says , `` take her off my hands '' . To reveal anymore would spoil all the fun . Just enjoy the twists and turns of this delightful story.Translating a stage play like this to the big screen can be a tricky proposition , but director Joseph L. Mankiewicz pulls this off splendidly . Ken Adam -LRB- who worked on many of the James Bond films -RRB- does a brilliant job designing the sets , especially the incredible variety of games that are featured which vividly illustrates the obsession with games playing that Olivier 's character has . I do n't know if Ken Adam found them in shops or invented them himself , but they certainly are ingenious . You try solving a 500 piece jigsaw puzzle that 's completely blank!If you purchase this DVD , DO NOT get the 1997 Anchor Bay edition . It has poor picture quality , it was not formatted properly -LRB- 1.66:1 , you can tell by looking at the opening credits -RRB- , you have to flip the disc halfway through the film to watch the second part of the film and the audio is awful . I had to turn the volume all the way up just to understand the dialogue ! You should get the 2002 Anchor Bay edition . The picture quality is improved , it 's formatted properly -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- , the audio is clear and solid and it also has an interview with Anthony Shaffer that was recorded shortly before he died . Oh , yeah ... the film and bonus material are all on one side of the disc ! I 've owned both editions and , trust me , the 2002 edition is much , much better . I hope you enjoy this wonderful film as much as I always do .
 One of the most imaginatively scripted films ever made , Sleuth pits the wickedly clever Laurence Olivier against the seemingly vengeful Michael Caine in a game of murder , mystery , intrigue , deception and good old-fashioned sleuthing . Outstanding acting from its two main players , each earning an Academy Award nomination for their efforts , the film is careful to build an intricate story that unfolds in a uniquely unpredictable manner.Milo Tindle -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- is invited to Andrew Wyke 's -LRB- Laurence Olivier -RRB- secluded mansion to discuss Milo 's desire to marry Andrew 's wife Marguerite . Andrew is a detective fiction novelist who prides himself on solving dastardly crimes with his main character Sinjon Lord Merrydew , while Tindle owns a local salon . Well aware of his wife 's frivolous activities and her infatuation with riches and exquisite possessions , Andrew offers Milo an opportunity to burglarize some expensive jewels -LRB- 170,000 pounds worth -RRB- so that Milo can live happily with Marguerite , and Andrew can collect the insurance money and live happily with his mistress Teia . But not everything is as it seems , especially when the game-obsessed Andrew convinces Milo to use a clown costume and dynamite to stage the robbery ; and add to that a tumultuous recreation of a downstairs fight with a fireplace poker and a pistol . A riveting contest of deadly one-upmanship ensues with unforgettable twists and an unparalleled conclusion.Expertly directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and based on the play by Anthony Schaffer , the film opens with delightfully circus-tinged music that lends itself throughout the entire film to mix up the tone as each of the characters transition from serious to comical . Tindle starts with a serious demeanor and is instantly weary of Andrew 's proposition , but with his whimsical and carefree manner , Milo soon dons a surprising mask of laughable lightheartedness , joining in with dancing about and playful mockery . The interactions between the two constantly change from the serious tone of adultery to the nonchalant air of jocose buddies.The film is essentially only two people in a single location , and yet it never slows and never misses a beat , staying relentlessly engrossing . The mansion is filled with toys , odd d&eacute;cor and games - games being the focal point of the film . The design of the rooms is fantastic , with creepy dolls , mystifying puzzles , and electronic puppets , including Jolly Jack Tar the sailor , a particularly eerie life-size monstrosity that laughs and claps his hands at the touch of a button . These complex games emphasize the seriousness of the game played by Andrew , one easily crossing the line of a harmless practical joke . But even when the initial game concludes , another is started and the film is careful to never let you know when a game is over and who is about to win . Initially , more than winning and losing , it is the excitement of playing the game that thrills Andrew , and the audience is spellbound watching it unfold.With flawless performances by both Caine and Olivier and unbelievably intelligently scripted Shakespearean dialogue , Sleuth redefines audience immersion into a film in which the plot keeps thickening . Perhaps the most astoundingly coincidental moment of the film is early on when Olivier mentions that in years to come their roles might be reversed , and Milo will be the one fending off admirers of his trophy wife . 2007 marks the release of the remake of this 1972 classic , and Michael Caine ironically returns to play the role Olivier unquestionably perfected . - Mike Massie , www.MoviePulse.net
 Well , would n't you know it ? I finally get around to changing over to DVD from my VHS library , and sure enough I find one classic film after another short-shrifted in one way or another by the suits.Where to begin.This film is so good in all possible ways it hardly admits expression . Michael Caine , who does have a modicum of talent , but nothing more , actually does n't come off too bad alongside the master , none other than Laurence Olivier himself , and pretty much at his best at that given the screenplay par excellence by Anthony Shaffer wedded to the inspired direction of Joseph Manckiewicz , working on what turned out to be his last film . I would n't know how to fault this collective effort . Even the musical score by John Addison is topnotch . All in all , the film never misses a beat -- not one single beat.Of course , it wo n't be for everyone . For instance , the viewer is expected to pay close attention throughout . This is not a film for potty breaks and popcorn runs . Also , there are no car crashes with accompanying LFE and all that , or new-age music to hum along to . And the more educated the viewer then the more the movie 's riveting humor and dialog must tellingly strike home.I do n't know what else to say . Without a doubt it 's Caine 's best performance -LRB- in my judgment his next best would be his screen debut in Zulu -RRB- , and for my money Olivier , who had more talent in his little finger than most so-called movie stars even dream of , never seemed more at ease with a role.As for the plot
 I first saw this movie when my grandmother rented the VHS for my brother and me . I do n't think we sat through the whole thing , much less appreciated what we would have seen . Having bought the DVD recently , the black copy , I can see why I , as a 12 year old , had trouble sitting through the entire movie . It 's over 2 hours of suspense , intrigue , double crosses , witty and funny dialogue , and really challenges the viewer to pay attention and follow it very closely . Now I watch it every few weeks , always finding something new , and always finding something else to analyze or laugh about . Moreover , there are a lot of one liners that are as funny -LRB- and witty -RRB- now as they were then . Everyone should own this movie , for if no other reason then to have proof that great filmmaking does n't need a lot of violence and nudity to keep you glued to the screen .
 Simply put , Sleuth leaves me in awe after every viewing . To watch Olivier and Michael Caine , who reportedly was a little nervous squaring off agaist the master , is like watching an excerise in Acting 101 . The plot is convoluted , in a good way , and uses dialogue to push the story . Very much like a play , the joy in watching the movie is the two actors squaring off , always trying to one up each other , both in character and most likely as themselves . Michael Caine might have been reported being nervous , but it does n't show . This might be one of his greatest performances , and this was before his indy boom of the late nineties . This was Caine in his prime , and Olivier winding down his career in a performance only Marlon Brando could have beaten , a la `` The Godfather '' released the same year.Joseph L. Mankiewicz 's certainly surprises as a director . The legendary director of `` All About Eve '' shows a bit of flash and art to go with the solid substance of his profession . The segues using the many prop pieces in the main setting is ingenious , and quite honestly , a little unsettling . Watching a horde of puppets seemingly moving on their own , banging and laughing , certainly adds a uniqueness to the picture that stands up with the two major performances.DVD-wise , it 's not Criterion , but the sound is average and the picture is better than it 's probably ever been on home video . Not that that has any influence over my decision to purchase this DVD . Nope , this is simply one of my favorite films , a gem that a lot of people do n't even know exists . Well , if you like twist and turns , great actors , and a stylish presentation , then this movie is for you.Highly recommended .
 I recomend everybody to purchase this film . I am admirer of these both great english actors . The movie is full of surprises that take place in a aristocratic english cottage . An amazing garden full of statues is were the movie begin . Inside the cottage there is a world of fantasy with puppets moving everywhere , that seem watch impassive the duel between the two only characters of the film . I do not miss any other actor in the movie , they both are enough . Only great actors as them can get it . John Addison 's score is as elegant and playful as the film requires .
 This film was actually released in 1973 , not in 1968 as stated above . It simply is one of the greatest films ever made . A real suspense roller coaster ride ! If you 've never seen it - you 're in for a real treat . See this one , then see `` Deathtrap '' also starring Michael Caine . If you love one , you 'll love the other !
 This film was actually released in 1973 , not in 1968 as stated above . It simply is one of the greatest films ever made . A real suspense roller coaster ride ! If you 've never seen it - you 're in for a real treat . See this one , then see `` Deathtrap '' also written by Anthony Shaffer and also starring Michael Caine . If you love one , you 'll love the other !
 Sleuth is Anthony Schaffer 's play of mystery and murder brought to the screen . If you are an Oxford scholar you will have no problem with this film . Others may require a dictionary as this is a very erudite work . You also can not blink , cough , or let your mind wander for a moment or you will lose your place as to what is happening . I say these things because they are true and because it is one of the most intelligent scripts ever brought to the screen . I can only compare the `` Brideshead Revisited '' script that was done by John Mortimer to match this production from 1972 . Michael Caine was at his best , and although Oliver 's performance on screen seems top notch , if you have read anything on the making of this film it was reported that he had trouble learning his lines among other distractions . The SETS on this film are memorable ! VERY EXPENSIVE and CUSTOM games are everywhere.The music is VERY atmospheric , from the harpsichord improvs to the old Cole Porter tunes . Unusual in that it features only two men without the mandatory love interest that pervades every American picture but their duels do concern a love relationship with women of mutual acquaintance . Oliver is a mystery writer who has a character , St. John Lord Merridew solve all the plots ala ' Hercule Poirot . The play and film are tributes to the classic detective fiction of the golden age of the 1930 's . `` Where every cabinet minister had a thriller by his beside and all detectives were titled . '' He uses his talent in mystery to entice and trap Michael Caine -LRB- his wife 's current lover -RRB- in a series of games of death within the mansion meant to scorn and ridicule by upper class methods and put a trumped up pantry boy in his place ! Caine turns the tables as Inspector Doppler drops by and makes Oliver believe he is going to jail for murder . Eventually the duels lead Oliver to crack under insults to his manhood and he performs the ultimate deed at the untimely arrival of the real police and sees his world that he created of games end in real life tragedy .
 The Bottom Line : A fine showcase of actors at the top of their games and a clever mystery , Sleuth is a little long but a fantastically enjoyable movie
 This is a great movie that will keep you guessing and in suspense . The entire movie takes place in one house , making it quite like a play . Both Olivier and Caine are splendid . This is a young Michael Caine , and he has an expression on his faceoften that screams out `` I want beans man ! ''
 Very talky , lots of fun , and a tour de force for both Olivier and Caine . In fact it 's overload for some viewers , i.e. if your idea of a great film is n't a dialog between just two characters for 2 + hours , you 'll likely hate this movie . Personally , while watching `` Sleuth '' , I kept expecting Jon Lovitz to pop out of a closet and yell , `` ACTING ! `` If a few of the props in `` Sleuth '' look strangely familiar , they 're from original `` Twilight Zone '' episodes .
 How can a film be this good ? You are in thrall for the entire running time , pulled right into the house with them . Michael Caine and Laurence Olivier are on target and the supporting cast is stellar , as well .
 now , this is my type of movie , it 's excellent , the script is strong , the acting is extraordinary and just when you think it 's over , the whole situation changes ... Of course , Laurence Olivier is the icing on the cake in this movie . I just wish they released it in dvd zone two for us in europe as well !!!
 When I first saw this movie I was an undergraduate student in San Jose . My most brilliant friend , John , and I sat through this unbelievably clever film . Then we sat at Marie Calender 's Pie Shop for no less than 4 hours discussing and arguing who did what to whom . It is a masterpiece and I disagree with Leonard M. - It is worth all 5 stars . Wonderful .
 This film was actually released in 1973 , not in 1968 as stated above . It simply is one of the greatest films ever made . A real suspense roller coaster ride ! If you 've never seen it - you 're in for a real treat . See this one , then see `` Deathtrap '' also written by Anthony Shaffer and also starring Michael Caine . If you love one , you 'll love the other !
 Saw this film so many years ago and was entranced by it then coming as it does from a remarkably well crafted stage play , by one of our best playwrights , Anthony Shaffer.What really draws you in is the battle of wits between the older , more erudite , class conscious gentleman Andrew Wyke -LRB- Olivier -RRB- , whose games-playing hides his snobbery against those like Milo Tyndale -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , from poorer back grounds , who betray their non-Englishness , and lack of ability to match Wyke in gamesmanship.Tyndale is perceived as a social-climbing , wop hairdresser , who steals other men 's wives . Olivier plays a famous author of detective stories who plans to out wit his wife 's lover by inviting him to his country house where he emulates his own fictional hero.He appeals to his vanity by roping him into a plausible scheme of a robbery from his house safe to enrich them both.He really wants to humiliate him.What really had me watching was the contrast in acting styles between Olivier and Caine.Olivier coming from a great tradition of stage acting , playing Henry V , Othello , Richard III , Hamlet and Lear , transferring them to film and then going on to do parts in cinema like Heathcliffe , act in Marathon Man as a Nazi or a detective in Bunny Lake is Missing.Caine , the young new talent in British cinema with Zulu , Alfie , Harry Palmer , The Italian Job and Get Carter . His acting was hard-boiled , down-to-earth , suave , well tailored to an inarticulate , yet good-looking modernity.Caine 's acting was basically playing himself , a form of non-acting . A contrast then between the verbose , athletic and animated Olivier , with all his capacity for nuance , subtlety , emotion , and Caine 's taciturnity , playing shallow , aggressive , hedonists.Caine was put on his guard straight away , pitting his acting chops against the man most ennobled in his professionalism.The film lives up to this with Olivier playing with all the animus and bile of Richard III , condescending to Caine 's apprentice learner , whose previous greatest lines - `` You 're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off ! '' - do not prepare for him turning the tables on the Master , especially his Inspector Doppler.I loved the energetic use of the stage set , the moving puppets , the swirling toys , the laughing man who seems to make his victim laugh on the wrong side of their face.That these two hold one 's attention for the best part of 2.5 hours is remarkable.The directing extraordinary by Mankeiwitz and the screenplay by Shaffer.These two actors were made to play opposite each other in a way never done before and never seen since.Brilliant fun in a stage house full of props , costumes , eccentric toys and stuffed animals , not forgetting the maze.An ingenious detective thriller combines suspense and surprise with a witty burlesque of the genre itself .
 It 's hard to believe this one 's actually out of print ... The entire film -LRB- a masterful stage play -RRB- is both a delightful mystery with a truly unexpected ending and , quite literally , a lesson in acting excellence . It 's not often that two leading men in the same film both get nominated for Best Actor , and given the fact that the two leading men are Sir Michael Caine and Sir Laurence Olivier , you know you 're in for a treat ! If you get your hands on this , grab it with both hands ! It may look a bit faded -LRB- ah , the 70s ! -RRB- but it 's well worth watching !
 To deal with that prodigious and proverbial actor named Sir Laurence Olivier is far to be a piece of cake ; on the contrary is a big challenge to any actor ; and Caine did it without major hindrances . This movie is part of the great tradition of the grateful British literature - nourished by Sherlock Holmes and Agatha Christie among the most renowned ones - featured by this well known cerebral handle of clues and riddles that challenge the spectator , when a tricked man invites to his wife 's lover into a diabolical trap . But the point is who will get the last laugh on whom?A memorable tour de force all the way through .
 Two great stars of the 20th Century combine in this classic whodunnit which might more correctly be termed a who-exactly-done-what-to-whom-and-when ? Stage and screen legend , Laurence Olivier , and Michael Caine perform an intricate pas de deu which at all times engrosses while being witty as well as devilishly clever . Highly recommended viewing .
 The title of this movie has always seemed to compleatly fail to capture the spirit of this film . I 've always thought the movie should be called ` Only A Game ' . Sleuth sounds like some standard detectives fair and this is not standard . The movie is a game and it is about games and Anthony Shaffer is playing a game with the audiance.It is hard to describe the film without giving away a twist or turn but the begining is fairly safe . Milo Tindel -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- is invited to the country manner of Alaxander Wake -LRB- Laurance Olivier -RRB- . Wake is a rather bizarre eccentric obsessed with games , the gentry , and his own unaturaly large ego . Tindel is almost his poler opposite . Tindel came from a poor background and was the son of an impoverished Itlalian watch maker . Wake who seems to have had the world handed to him on a aristocratic plate were as Tindel is a struggling self made bussness man.Wake announces to Tindel three things
 Sleuth is a difficult film to review without hindering the pleasure it offers the newcomer , since watching the film 's twists and reversals reveal themselves is a big part of the fun . Lawrence Olivier is mystery author Andrew Wyke , a cuckold who invites his wife 's lover , Michael Caine 's Milo Tindle , to hear a proposal . Wyke keeps up appearances as a blase Englishman who 's just relieved to be rid of his profligate wife , and wishes to help the more earthy Tindle to support her financially , though a staged burglary of his insured jewels . Yet there is more to Wyke 's scheme , we soon see , just as there is more to his attitude toward Tindle , the son of an immigrant watchmaker who would dare step out of his place to take the wife of a well-placed Englishman.Olivier and Caine are both fantastic in this film , and their performances alone make the film come alive . But the fantastic script is just as compelling . Sparklingly witty and droll dialogue with a sinister undertone building as the plot twists just keep coming , impeccably paced all contribute to a film that is a thrill to watch the first time , in a state of ignorance , and almost as fun to watch when you know what 's coming , admiring just how masterfully it all unfolds .
 Most of the reviews here refer to the OLD DVD edition -LRB- notice they are all from 2000 or before -RRB- . The edition offered here is NEW , and a vast improvement . Do n't let the old reviews prevent you from buying this new DVD .
 Reading the reviews here , they all seem to make two points
 The 1972 release , SLEUTH , is one of those movies that one watches , and then exclaims , `` Wow ! `` Michael Caine plays Milo Tindle , a lowborn , cheeky hairdresser called down from London to visit Andrew Wyke on his rambling country estate . Andrew , played by Sir Laurence Olivier , is a class conscious , game-addicted , petty snob who writes award-winning detective stories . Milo also happens to be having an affair with Andrew 's wife , Marguerite . On the other hand , Andrew is currently dallying with a local masseuse , T&eacute;a . Both men have cash flow problems . Milo has n't enough to keep Marguerite in the lifestyle to which she 's become accustomed , and Andrew has been beggared by ruinous British taxes . So , Andrew , being a self-proclaimed expert on crime whose literary detective creation , Lord Merrydew , always manages to make the official constabulary look like fools , invites Milo to join him in a mutually lucrative scam . The Plan
 For those of you who have been disappointed by the version of Sleuth in the white box , take heart and trade up to the black one . The film is widescreen , entirely presented on one side , and the sound is excellent . In addition , the DVD includes an interview with playwright Andrew Shaffer about the conception , original staging and film adaptation of `` Sleuth . '' If you have n't already seen this most brilliant of screen thrillers , please kill yourself now .
 The idea of a movie with only two actors in it may not sound overly exciting , but when you watch `` Sleuth '' for the first time , you realize that it could n't have worked any other way . For many years , `` Sleuth '' has been one of my favorite movies , and remains so to this day . It is cleverly written and superbly acted by both Michael Caine -LRB- my all time favorite actor -RRB- and Sir Laurence Olivier.The tag line `` Think of the perfect crime ... then go one step further '' describes exactly what the movie is all about . Olivier plays Andrew Wyke , an eccentric and revered mystery writer invites Milo Tindle -LRB- Caine -RRB- over to his mansion over a weekend in order to discuss the terms of his affair with his wife . Wyke is known as a lover of toys , games , and deviously cunning games of trickery that he plays on people . Wyke has known for some time that Tindle has been having an affair with his wife , and that he intends to marry her . Wyke sees an opportunity to unload his wife , without the possibility of her coming back and getting deeper into his pocketbook . Knowing him to be broke , Wyke proposes to Tindle a robbery scheme that will solve both of their problems . Things got a bit awry . What happens next would be criminal to give away , but it is one of the most brilliantly crafted farces I have ever seen in a movie . `` Sleuth '' was adapted from the stage play by Anthony Shaffer , and it plays out very much like the play itself . There is one setting , two actors , and lots of dialogue . It works very well , because it was n't overdone in production . I can not see how this could have worked with a more elaborate setting or cast . What carries the movie are the performances by Caine and Olivier , which ranks among their personal best -LRB- and picking ones from such distinguished careers is hard -RRB- . Their interaction between each other is riveting , since their characters are so cunning . `` Sleuth '' was made in 1971 , and 30 years on , every aspect of the movie has aged well . It is one of those movies that makes time stand still , and you are unaware that 2 hours has gone by at the end of it . That is the token of a great movie.The Anchor Bay DVD boasts the best transfer and sound quality of `` Sleuth '' so far , though the previous versions were also very good -LRB- including the VHS , which is rare for older movies -RRB- . The main supplement is the 20 minute featurette `` A Sleuthian Journey with Anthony Shaffer '' , in which the famous playwright is interviewed on his experiences with the play , the making of the movie , and his interactions with the filmmakers . He is jovial and gives plenty of fun anecdotes throughout the interview . Aside from that , there are talent bios and the usual trailers and TV spots . Considering the age and modest budget , not much in the way of extras should be expected . `` Sleuth '' is a rare movie that I can watch over and over again , and I am pleased to see that Anchor Bay did justice to the movie with this excellent -LRB- and modestly priced -RRB- DVD . An easy purchase for any movie fan .
 As an earlier reviewers has pointed out , Anchor Bay has released TWO different prints of Sleuth , so you 'll want to be careful which release you purchase . The older release had an unsatisfactory transfer that looked very bad . That version was a flipper disc and was packaged with a WHITE cover , and Anchor Bay has wisely let it go out of print . Avoid it ! -LRB- Unless you collect OOP DVDs ... -RRB- The newer release has a BLACK cover and boasts a much improved transfer . -LRB- Just compare the vibrancy of the colors in the film to the muted colors in the unrestored trailers to see what I mean . -RRB- In addition to putting the whole film on one side of the disc , Anchor Bay also included an extensive and fairly interesting interview with writer Anthony Shaffer . This version is probably definitive -- and certainly the one to buy.Apparently , however , Anchor Bay is going to let this release go out of print , too . -LRB- It has disappeared from their online catalogue . -RRB- So buy this quickly if you have any interest in it at all . I ca n't imagine any other company giving this film a better overall treatment .
 Adapted for the screen by Anthony Schaffer , the author of the play , and directed by one of the legends of Hollywood , Joseph L. Mankiewicz , SLEUTH is the perfect movie for you if you like excellent actors , Laurence Olivier and Michal Caine for instance , a subtle plot with unexpected twists and a superior cinematography.I was amazed by the admirable production design of the movie . Laurence Olivier 's mansion is a dream come true , every objects appearing on the screen seem to have a priceless value and the rooms , including the cellar , are little museums . Joseph L. Mankiewicz had to nail the audience in some way because SLEUTH is not a play with a lot of characters and could have discouraged the viewer if the director had n't been such a talent . Another -LRB- innocent -RRB- trick of Mankiewicz is to film the puppets or the masks as if they were alive , you always have the feeling that the characters are not alone in the mansion.One can regret that the Anchor Bay DVD presents only a scene access and no english subtitles . The image quality was , in my opinion , rather good , without black or white spots . Sound , on the contrary , could have been better.A DVD for the smart ones .
 The film is brilliant -- sets , acting , script are all superb . It 's interesting , intelligent , visually beautiful , and creates genuine tension . How wonderful -- a thriller without gore!The DVD is done on the cheap . No bonus materials . The opening credits -- despite this being a ` widescreen ' edition -- run off the sides of the screen . The ` matting ' is uneven
 I wish I could say I hated this movie . Then I could easily endure the ridiculous price the individual people are trying to get for this DVD . I check this title regular in the hope the studio has re-released it so I can buy it for a decent price . Although this movie has been one of my all time favorites since I first saw it at the theater , there is no way I would ever pay over twenty-five dollars for a DVD . Quite honestly anyone that charges more than that is just greedy.The movie starring Michael Caine and Lawrence Olivier centers around them in Olivier 's house for most the movie . The lies , tricks , and traps they do on one another are amazing and will keep you guessing when they are being truthful and when they are not . Two men , mano a mano , using their wits and anything else not tacked down to dispose of the other . If you enjoyed `` Deathtrap '' you should love `` Sleuth '' .
 of Alec Cawthorne in a supporting , but pivotal , role . It is simply a shame that this actor 's subsequent career is shrouded in obscurity .
 Sometimes it is on TCM movies , which , after I saw it , wanted to purchase it . Took forever , because the later remake , w/Caine in Olivier 's role is Boo , as nearly always , w/remakes
 The best &#34; Sleuth &#34; ever made with Olivier & Caine at their best ! A real thriller with a big surprise ending !
 I could not wait to see these two superb acting icons go at it on the big screen . What a wonderful movie it is . Great writing , screenplay , and oh what great spins they each put on their roles . No two other actors could have played it better . Wickedly amusing entertainment .
 Sleuth -LRB- Joseph Mankiewicz , 1973 -RRB- Anthony Shaffer is a guy who knows how to think things through . He creates labyrinthine plots , and then throws interesting characters into them . While I 'd argue with anyone who contests that the finest adaptation of a Shaffer work to the screen is Robin Hardy 's immortal The Wicker Man , Sleuth is certainly not far behind.Andrew Wyke -LRB- Sir Laurence Olivier -RRB- is a man who is , perhaps , overly fond of games . He invites Milo Tindle -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- to his estate one evening for a bit of game-playing . You see , Wyke is fully aware that Tindle is the lover of his wife Marguerite -LRB- Eve Channing , who bears a striking resemblance to Joanne Woodward -RRB- . He sets forth a rather interesting proposition
 This movie , pure theater in celluloid , is really a masterpiece . If I could save only ten films to see the rest of my life , Sleuth will be one of them . It 's extraordinary how Olivier and Caine play their roles in this embroidered , strange , peculiar and unbeatable script . A rare jewel . Do n't think twice
 I am writing this review having not seen this film but having just bought it . I wanted to warn anybody potential buyers that this version of Sleuth is flawed . It claims to be a Widescreen presentation , but the credits clearly run off the side of the screen . Also , the label of the film looks like really questionable as if someone printed out labels on their computer and slapped them on the tape . There is not even a running time on the actual tape . Although people who do not like Widescreen probably will not mind , those that do like widescreen will be rather annoyed by this false advertising . The image is a little wider than the standard format , but not wide enough . And it is so blatant . At least make it less obvious ! But oh well . I hope the film is good .
 `` Sleuth '' stars Michael Caine as the young hair-dresser `` Milo Tindle '' and Laurence Olivier as an upper-crust mystery writer `` Andrew Wyke '' . Michael Caine is having an affair with the wife of Andrew Wyke . Wyke invites Milo to his country manor to discuss a plan whereby Milo would `` rob '' Wyke of some expensive jewels , sell them to a pre-arranged fence in Amsterdam , and get enough money to afford Wyke 's wife , thus freeing up Wyke to live with his own mistress -LRB- and get the insurance money for the stolen jewels . -RRB- Wyke outlines the complexities of the plan , which involve Milo dressing in different clothes , breaking into the house , blowing up a safe , etc , to make it appear to be a legitimate robbery.There are many appealing aspects to the movie . First is the character of Andrew Wyke , a famous writer of a series of detective-fiction wherein the main character , Lord Merridew , always outwits the rather bumbling police force to solve the crime . Second is Wyke 's hobbies , which run the gamut from an ancient chess-like board game , a jigsaw puzzle that is only a white rectangle , and various assorted collectibles such as a full-sized animated sailor dummy . Wyke 's gameplaying attitude is extended to the plan of the fake robbery . The third compelling aspect of the movie is the witty , sparring dialogue between Wyke and Tindle.Although at first , the two characters try to maintain a slightly forced friendly rivaly , but as the robbery unfolds , it becomes clear that Wyke in fact resents Milo and his wife 's affair , and is actually setting up Milo to be killed as a burglar . In a series of plot twists I wo n't reveal , Wyke humiliates Tindle and sends him away . However , Tindle gets the last laugh , literally , in the end.A long-time favorite movie of mine , it earned best actor nominations for both Olivier and Caine , and a nomination for director Mankiewicz . The DVD has a 23 minute `` interview '' by playwright Anthony Shaffer , chapters and a trailer .
 This is must see for those interested in the twists & turns of the whodunnit genre . Prefer this version over the modern version with Michael Caine -LRB- playing Laurence Oliviers ' original role -RRB- and Jude Law . Why do film-makers always have to force homosexual scenes into good movies?The vendor I bought from was excellent to deal with .
 This film was actually released in 1973 , not in 1968 as stated above . It simply is one of the greatest films ever made . A real suspense roller coaster ride ! If you 've never seen it - you 're in for a real treat . See this one , then see `` Deathtrap '' also starring Michael Caine . If you love one , you 'll love the other !
 Joe Mankiewicz seems to be one of Hollywood 's great film directors , but he has not enjoyed the Renaissance of appreciation given to many other filmmakers of the 1950s . All About Eve and Sleuth are among his great creations . He almost worked with Laurence Olivier 20 years earlier in another movie . Read about Mankiewicz and Olivier in a new book that explains how this happened
 Okay , this is the serious stuff here . Movies like Sleuth are the reason I love movies -- the reason anybody should love movies , now that I think of it . Why , you ask ? Well , the reasons are numerous . First off , I 'm a sucker for a well-adapted film version of a stage play -- Oleanna springs immediately to mind , as do Look Back In Anger -LRB- the Richard Burton version -RRB- , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? -LRB- again because of Burton , and what a shame he did n't get the Oscar he so richly deserved -RRB- , and Branagh 's stunning Henry V -LRB- the promise of which K. B. has been trying , and mostly failing , to live up to ever since -RRB- , as well as about a dozen others I have n't the space to mention . Sleuth , adapted by Anthony Shaffer from his own play , stands right up there with those films . It helps that Shaffer has an idea of what a good screenplay should be -- he has a fine visual sense , as witness the first meeting between Olivier and Caine , shifted from the house 's interior to the wonderful topiary maze , which sets the mood , provides moments of both humor and suspense , and establishes character , all in a span of a few minutes . Of course , I 've no doubt that director Mankiewicz had a hand in this fine sequence as well , but in any event I 've rarely seen such a nicely-handled piece of visual foreshadowing in any film.I will not spoil the plot for you -- that would be unfair , even cruel . It 's far better , where this film is concerned , to allow the viewer to watch the events unfold on his/her own , and to be completely dazzled by them . I will say that Sleuth is about games , games of every type and stripe , from the subtlety of chess to the pretend -LRB- or is it pretend ? -RRB- brutality of cops and robbers . There are several games being played in Sleuth , sometimes more than one at the same time , and just when you think you 've learned the rules of one , you find that not only have the rules changed , you 're not even playing the same game any longer . All this is a roundabout way of saying that Sleuth is as delightful as the best sleight-of-hand magic trick , as intellectually rigorous as Arthur Conan Doyle 's most dexterous Sherlock Holmes stories , and more wantonly , gleefully devious with its audience than the great Hitchcock ever dreamed of being -LRB- with the exception of Psycho , of course , but that 's a review for another time ! -RRB- . Sleuth pulls the wool over your eyes so many times , and in so many ways , that even when you think you know what 's going on , you do n't . Behind each mask is another mask , behind each truth is the lie from which it grows ... and each new surprise is delivered with Macchiavellian subtlety and nitroglycerine force . Ah , but I wax rhapsodic ; excuse me . Onward : As to the performances of the actors -- what can I say except , BRAVO ! There is nothing on God 's green earth like watching two supremely talented actors `` going at it , '' so to speak -- playing roles to the hilt , with such verve and energy that you lose yourself totally in the delight of it . Such is the joy of watching Michael Caine and Sir Laurence perform in Sleuth . Two moments in particular stand out in my mind , for very different reasons . First is the sequence where the two literally play `` dress-up '' , trying on costumes in Olivier 's basement , camping it up to beat the band and having a high old time doing it . -LRB- I love Caine with the slap shoes
 One of the many beautiful things about this movie is that much of the obscurity in the original play has been removed on the screen . Indeed , if you prefer seeing plays , forget reading this one
 Forget about the misguided , insipid remake -LRB- ironically , starring Michael Caine in the original Olivier role -RRB- and just pray , if you have n't already seen this original version or do not know anyone who has it , that it will soon be rereleased . A film about games and one-upsmanship , no description of the plot -LRB- without numerous spoilers for those unfamiliar with the story -RRB- can even begin to do this film justice . Even having seen the play and knowing all the twists and turns , I found this movie absolutely enthralling , thanks to the brilliantly matched acting of Caine and Olivier . They had to have enjoyed making this film immensely , because the pure acting delight comes through in every frame of this film . Wonderfully directed , with a delightful score - just sit back and have fun .
 Sleuth is a 2 person movie with Sir Lawrence Olivier , and Michael Caine that treats the viewer to a twisting story of ingrigue and humor and suspense , a cat n mouse drama that is well worth owning
 Directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.Milo Tindle -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- has arrived at the estate of Mr. Andrew Wyke -LRB- Laurence Olivier -RRB- . Not only did he have a difficult time trying to find the mansion , even with a map , now he has to find Mr. Wyke through a massive maze of well-cropped bushes.Mr . Wyke is enlisting the service of Mr. Milo Tindle to commit a murder . A little mayhem for entertainment , Mr. Wyke has a lot of mechanical dummies and things around the house.The victim is going to be , as Mr. Wyke explains , his wife Marguerite who Mr. Tindle has been having a close association with.Michael Caine , Laurence Olivier and Director Joseph Mankiewicz were nominated for an Academy Award.May I recommend : Murder by Death -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , murder-mystery comedy starring an all-star cast.Marathon Man -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , starring Dustin Hoffman , Laurence Olivier.Dressed to Kill -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , starring Angie Dickinson , Michael Caine , Nancy Allen.Deathtrap -LSB- VHS -RSB- -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , starring Christopher Reeve , Michael Caine.Jude Law and Michael Caine -LRB- in the Mr. Wyke role -RRB- are in the remake ofSleuth -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
 Michael Caine and Lawrence Olivier give a stella performance in this delicious murder mystery . I have seen this film several times , and although knowing the twist , it is the great performances of Caine and Olivier that makes this movie worth watching . The script is as good as a script can get , with Olivier lapping up every delicious line with gusto , and a young Caine having no problem standing on his own brilliant performance next to the master.This is no ` ceuf pourri ' by any means . And although not a new movie , one must return to ` the place they are familiar with ' and ... . relish the enjoyment of this film.Although ` Milo ' -LRB- Caine 's character -RRB- is in a ` sticky ' situation , the back and fourth of betrayl from beginning to end is worth keeping within a ` photo album ' of deciet . Seek the truth , and while doing so , lap up this brilliant film .
 I had always heard what an amazing stage actor that Olivier was , but his film work has always left me a little cold . I had no idea of what a tour de force he could put on until I watched this delightfully poisonous film . Olivier is like an erudite Robin Williams , full of force and energy , switching gears personas and accents , and generally being quite talented.Caine is no shrinking violet either , and it 's a pleasure to see him in his youthful reptilian vigor here .
 1972 's Sleuth is literally a two-man show , with Olivier and Caine matching each other scene for scene in this lengthy 2-hour , 18-minute story revolving around some rather unusual parlor games.It 's a pleasure to watch these two actors at work -LRB- or is it `` play '' ? -RRB- . I 've never enjoyed Mr. Caine more.It 's quite unusual to see a movie with the entire cast comprising just two people ! -LRB- Well , for the most part we see just the two leads at any rate . -RRB- And each of these standout `` leads '' does a bloody good job of holding our interest till the end.I would certainly recommend this top-notch tongue-in-cheek murder mystery .
 This is one of the greatest mysteries I have ever seen . The dvd is n't too bad , although it is a flipper , so are my dvd 's of `` Gone With The Wind '' , `` The Color Purple '' , and `` Das Boot '' so I do n't mind too much . Despite some of it 's faults , the dvd is better than the vhs version . As of 08/13/2000 , this dvd is still available at Columbia House . Check it out , you wo n't be sorry !
 This is different type of Jet Li movie than his others . I have n't seen this type of fantasy movie and i thought it was great !! I was wondering if anyone knew of other movies in the same genre ? The only dissappointment was the subtitles , they were unreadable at times . But if you are able to read them there are some very funny conversations ...
 If you love laughing at cheesie kung fu films than this is a must see . Personally I ca n't wait for it to come out on dvd .
 Jet Li plays Chang Mo Kei , a young fellow who was injured as a child by a life threatening Kung Fu move called the `` Jinx Palm '' , which has made him weak and unable to learn Kung Fu . Plus on the same day his parents were both forced to commit suicide , which , as you might expect , was also no fun . Mo Kei is raised by his father 's former master , a spry 100 year-old played with great aplomb by an unrecognizable , white-haired Sammo Hung , who also did a very good job as the fight choreographer for the film . The plotline is too complex to summarize , but needless to say Jet Li starts kicking ass and taking names pretty quickly . The film is of the fantastic Kung Fu variety , with people flying through the air , and using magical Kung Fu powers which put Jedi Knights and Neo to shame . `` The Evil Cult '' has a variety of english titles and is based on a chinese martial arts novel which has n't been translated to any western languages as far as I 'm aware . It was supposed to be the first in a trilogy , but it did n't make enough money and so even though Jet Li , Sammo Hung , and the others involved fought to make them , it never came to pass . Apparently there have been some other films and TV Series made following the same story , but the most recent TV Series from 2003 has n't made it to North America yet.Still this first part of an incomplete saga is a great kung fu flick , primarily because of the incredibly quick pace , intricate plotline , bad humour , and non stop ass-kicking fun . It overwhelms the senses and if this type of flick is your cup of tea , I think you 'll find this is as good as it gets . It seems to be a style of film you either get or you do n't , so do n't be put off by any bad reviews you see . This is n't Proust , but has its own virtues . If you like it , you likely be frustrated when it ends before resolving much of anything plot-wise , but just hold on , I 'm sure they 'll do a proper remake in ten years with genetic clones of the original cast or thereabouts . We 'll see .
 Ok first off , all of you who are buying this silly Lord of the Wutang title are getting the cover up bootleg of the original movie which is The Kung Fu Colt Master -LRB- or Kung Fu Master here in US -RRB- . Do n't get the Lord of the Wutang version for the sound and picture really suck , and the distributors are known for cutting stuff too . With that aside , let me just say that this is one of the very few hk fantasy films that I own , and yet its one of my favorite movies . The story is basically about 2 swords that make the users superpowerful , and there are several kung fu schools looking and fighting for it . Jet represents one of these schools and througout the film , he masters several martial art techniques at an interestingly fast pace . He needs to protect his great grandfather , who happens to know where the swords are , from the corrupt schools . Warning , this is no Fist of Legend , but the martial arts are quite decent in my opinion . Yes , there is flying and superhuman powers in this film , but it actually makes it fun , not like dumb movies like the Storm Riders -LRB- this movie is too much -RRB- . Plus , the film is extremely hilarious , especially the scene where Jet gets stuck in a cave . There are also 2 extremely beautiful women in this film that just made me go gaga . Watch it and find out what I mean . I 'd totally recommend a buy tho , but like I said get the original Kung Fu Colt Master . I got the HK version which is presented in 5.1 dolby , and the picture is pretty clear as well . I ca n't say much for the World Video US release version , except that the cover looks really crappy . However , I 've heard the transfer is pretty good and it has an english dub as well . But original Chinese w / subs is the way to go for me . So go check this one out , and if you like it , try Swordsman II -LRB- w/Jet also -RRB- ... check out my other reviews too , mostly HK flicks . Hope this was helpful .
 . . let me just say that this is one of the very few hk fantasy films that I own , and yet its one of my favorite movies . The story is basically about 2 swords that make the users superpowerful , and there are several kung fu schools looking and fighting for it . Jet represents one of these schools and througout the film , he masters several martial art techniques at an interestingly fast pace . He needs to protect his great grandfather , who happens to know where the swords are , from the corrupt schools . Warning , this is no Fist of Legend , but the martial arts are quite decent in my opinion . Yes , there is flying and superhuman powers in this film , but it actually makes it fun , not like dumb movies like the Storm Riders -LRB- this movie is too much -RRB- . Plus , the film is extremely hilarious , especially the scene where Jet gets stuck in a cave . There are also 2 extremely beautiful women in this film that just made me go gaga . Watch it and find out what I mean . Apparently this was meant to be a two part movie , so just a warning this movie will not have an ending , this is only the first part . From what I 've heard the second part of this story was filmed , but it never made it to the developing studio to be released , which really -LSB- is bad -RSB- because this film just leaves you hanging . However , I 'd totally recommend a buy tho , but like I said get the original Kung Fu Colt Master . I got the HK version which is presented in 5.1 dolby , and the picture is pretty clear as well . I ca n't say much for the World Video US release version , except that the cover looks really -LSB- bad -RSB- . However , I 've heard the transfer is pretty good and it has an english dub as well . But original Chinese w / subs is the way to go for me . So go check this one out , and if you like it , try Swordsman II -LRB- w/Jet also -RRB- ... check out my other reviews too , mostly HK flicks . Hope this was helpful .
 This video is the best kung fu movies that I have seen in a long time . Jet Li is simply trilling ! the fighting seen 's are fare better than the WU-Tang series you can see the time it took for the fighting scenes to take place the story line is better planed out than all other movies I 've seen ! this is a must see .
 Kung Fu Master , also known as The Evil Cult , is one of the most bizarre martial arts flicks I 've seen in a long time . The plot is nigh-unto incomprehensible , but involves six martial arts clans from China and Persia who are fighting over two magical swords -- a skinny glowing one and a big , fat , choppy one with curlicues . Somehow , a very young Mo-Kei , maybe only six or seven at most , is attacked by evil martial artists and left with a grey handprint on his chest . This is the dreaded Jinx Hand.His parents are understandably upset by this marking , and so is Mo-Kei 's uncle , who is a powerful martial arts master . You see , this handprint means young Mo-Kei will never be able to use kung-fu or have sex , or else he will die . At least , I think that 's what it means . In the meantime , it makes him `` very painful '' and subjected to frequent bouts of near-hypothermia . Mo-Kei 's parents and his uncle rush him off to a temple where they try fruitlessly to cure him . The parents kill themselves so that the bad guys do n't learn where their `` buddy '' is hiding with his magical sword . Just before his mother dies , she tells Mo-Kei to avenge their deaths on all the baddies . Unfortunately , that 's pretty hard to do if you do n't know kung fu . After all , there were no machine guns in this time period.Eight years later , there 's a bizarre scene where the uncle , now 108 years old discusses his morning erections with a very mature-looking 14 - or 15-year old Mo-Kei -LRB- played by Jet Li -RRB- . Uncle explains that Mo-Kei does not get erections because he is weak , but that he himself is no old granny , and has them every morning!Mo - Kei is kept alive by energy transfusions from his uncle and can only look wistfully at all the cool kung fu guys practicing their mad martial arts skillz . Then a hot chick shows up , and he becomes even more confused when she tricks him into watching her get ready for a bath.This is , of course , grounds to off the inoffensive Mo-Kei , and he gets chased off a cliff along with a kung fu mama with a jug-handle hairdo . After groping her chest on the way down , Mo-Kei and the girl meet an old man imbedded in a giant boulder . He teaches Invincible Solar Stance -LRB- or something like that -RRB- to Mo-Kei , which somehow cures him of his Jinx Hand affliction and allows Mo-Kei to kick ... The story only gets weirder from here , with a kung fu vampire named Green Bat -LRB- who asks a master to suck poison out of his bottom -RRB- , an evil queen with a lethal harpsichord -LRB- complete with harpsichord battle -RRB- , a master with foot-long eyebrows , Red Cross workers with a penchant for hookers and rape , and more talk of erections.Because Mo-Kei has become a master of Invincible Solar Stance , he learns yet another advanced style -- Magical Stance -- in a scant six hours . For anyone else , it would take thirty years . He then proceeds to kick more ... with this technique.Mo-Kei 's learning skills are increasing at an astronomical rate . The final fight scene is great because Mo-Kei learns the entire art of t ` ai chi chu'an in approximately ten seconds . Of course , he kicks even more ... Many ... are filled with footprints by this point.I really do n't quite understand what happens at the end , and since the movie stops without really wrapping anything up , I can only assume there is a sequel , or at least the intention for a sequel.If you 're in the mood for some REALLY over-the-top martial arts involving ropes , wires , and terrible subtitling , this is the film for you . If you 're in the mood for well-filmed martial arts choreography , look elsewhere . This is far too silly .
 I originally saw this movie at the Towne Theatre in San Jose , CA , where it was released in US theatres under the same title . I do not own the DVD and will not comment on quality or sound.I found this movie on video at the World Video Store in Sunnyvale , CA , where the clerk told me it was based on a novel that was the Chinese equivilent of ` War & Peace ' . It revolves around a pair of swords . This movie mainly refers to one of them , called the ` Yee Tin ' sword . When I asked the clerk what the Chinese title of this movie was , he said in broken English `` Yee Tin Slays Dragon '' -LRB- ? -RRB- As for the movie review , sheesh . . where to begin . We 'll start with Jet Li 's character as a child . His parents are attacked by some enemies known as the ` Two Jinxes ' . One of them hits the child , making him ill for life . Then a confusing sequence where his dad dies , and his mother commits suicide while the leaders of 20 clans -LRB- everything from Wutang to Shaolin -RRB- bicker and argue over ` who killed who ' and ` saving face ' and all those other CHK vengeance cliche 's . Jet Li survives with the help of an old Taoist Tai Chi master played by Sammo Hung . The other students , feeling envious of him because of their master 's special treatment , take advantage of Sammo 's abscence by beating him up and banishing him.Yes , the plot is very confusing . There are what seems like hundreds of armies , and all of them arguing over things that happened in the past . But since when has plot played a major role in a Honk Kong martial arts movie ? If you 're a fan of CHK fung fu fantasy movies , here is the mother of them all -LRB- with the exception of maybe ` Zu
 I have seen this movie many times and is one of my favourite kung fu movies till date . The special effects are a bit dated but still very much enjoyable . But the movie does n't have a proper ending and leaves much to be desired . I do n't know if it has a sequel . It has great fighting scenes and fascinating characters . Just do n't expect a great story . But all in all a very enjoyable movie experience . Do n't think twice and buy the movie specially at such a low price .
 This movie was made to be a fantasy/martial arts movie , and it delivers as promised . I have a very extensive collection of Martial Arts movies and I can honestly say that this movie is one of my top 15 favorite movies . I gave it a 4 instead of a five because it does go a little overboard with the fantasy element , but not enough to distract you from the fighting , and believe me , there 's a lot of it .
 First of all this movie is fantasy based so forget reality . Once you can handle that then prepare for lots of action set in olden days China . It is surprisingly very funny too . The only challenge is that I got the English subtitle version which meant I had to struggle to keep up with Jet Li 's lightening speed .
 This movie is hard to follow . But , the action is terrific . I think it should have been longer to explain some of the story . I recommend this film for its incredible action and quick pace . This movie has it all except a cohesive storyline . But , that probably adds to the charm of the film . Other plotless films turn out boring , but this one is throughly entertaining .
 This film is a real giggle . When I watch it , I feel as though I am witnessing some extravagent daydream by an imaginative pre-teen . The effects are really over-the-top , & the things I found most humorous about it were probably not intended as such . Nevertheless , I have watched it several times and I find it very appealing on some level . Jet Li is really sort of wasted in this flick , because so much of it is `` magic '' & `` super secret final techniques '' that his real martial arts ability is not truly showcased . One feels that anyone else could have played the part ... kind of like finding the special gismo that turns ordinary kids into Power Rangers . Still , it is worth having this film in your collection , especially if your funny bone is tickled by the weird and offbeat .
 This film is a real giggle . When I watch it , I feel as though I am witnessing some extravagent daydream by an imaginative pre-teen . The effects are really over-the-top , & the things I found most humorous about it were probably not intended as such . Nevertheless , I have watched it several times and I find it very appealing on some level . Jet Li is really sort of wasted in this flick , because so much of it is `` magic '' & `` super secret final techniques '' that his real martial arts ability is not truly showcased . One feels that anyone else could have played the part ... kind of like finding the special gismo that turns ordinary kids into Power Rangers . Still , it is worth having this film in your collection , especially if your funny bone is tickled by the weird and offbeat .
 This movie is the best Jet Li martial arts flick I have ever seen . The story starts out with action and leaves you wanting more . The little bit of disappointments were that its subtitled and some parts are unreadable & that the ending left me hanging . From beginning to end it was great . I even tried getting the DvD version but it got put on back order and then never came . If you like this movie you might also want to try The New Legend of Shaolin .
 while i havent seen this movie , its the same as Kung Fu Colt Master . to my understanding , this version has been all chopped up and the quality is low . so speaking for the orginal , its great , it kinda reminded me of HERO , not as good of course but still like it . just without the millions invested in HERO.if u like Hero , Storm Riders , & Iron Monkey , buy it . i 'd consider this to be the first fantasy fu flick!remember , get the ORGINAL , and that goes for ASIAN FLICKS . one word for you . EBAY !
 this movie started out as a dissapointment cause the front was cheesy , but as the movie went along it got better and better , Jet Li plays a man that doesnt know any kung-fu , and cant learn any , because of a strange disease only a long dead kung fu master can cure . He falls down a cliff and is trained by the old man . So now he uses it to avenge his parents ! a great movie
 I stumbled over this movie on a movie channel in a hotel in Bali , at about 3 o'clock in the morning , and I watched the whole thing.Crazy kung-fu story , over the top acting and more Matrix-like action sequences than you can shake a big stick at . The plot may be hard to follow , but if you want plot , watch Meryl Streep . This movie is about kicking ass , and believe me , everyones ass gets kicked . Different fighting styles satisfy the amateur kung-fu-ist , and the over the top wire movements make this seem more like a live action manga.If only the ladies in this film had agreed to nudity , it would get five stars . Oh , well ... Seriously , one of the best in the genre .
 Jet Li stars in this Kung fu fantasy showcase . Jet Li is caught up in an all-out clan vs clan war . All the kung fu sects have teamed up in order to bring an end to what is know as the Black sect . Li 's Character must find a way to stop all the clans from attacking , and must do what he can to bring all the clan 's together in order to stop the real villians behind the huge misunderstanding . Some Great Fight scenes , Fast and Furious . A very strange story from teh beginning but extremely entertaining all the way through . Very fantasy like , and to be honest the film never actually ends . Also known as Lord of the Wu Tang -LRB- wu tang collection -RRB-
 This is definately one of the most entertaining Jet Li movies that I have seen to date , it even parralells Fist of Legends . The fighting is fast furious and the effects are off the scale . The only thing wrong with this movie is that it ends too soon ! I have heard that there was going to be a sequel but there were disputes between directors ... Well I pray that one day they 'll sort that out and bring us a sequel .
 Now I will go over later about the version that I have which has very easy to read subtitles.This movie is so freaking weird , I still can not figure out what the hell is going on . Jet li 's parents are killed in a very dramatic scene , and jet gets touched by a cursed palm . The cursed palm makes it so jet can not become good at martial arts . So guess what , he is gon na get his skills . Ya probably did not have to guess that , but this movie really goes out of it ; s way for jim to learn . Definintely not your average revenge tale.So I ca n't tell you exactly what I liked about this film because nothing really stands out too much , but there are so many crazy things that happen it would be impossible to list half of them . So for all you people like me who are always looking for that next great hand-to-hand movie , then this is a pretty good break.Also this movie has a ton of stars in it . And it really tries to be a BIG movie , just does n't quite live up to what it was supposed to be , but maybe it did , give your opinion.Also-the version i have comes from widesceen , good picture quality , and BLACK OUTLINED subtitles . So you wo n't miss a thing , the sunbs are imbedded , but are easy to read , a first in my mind . The subs do run a little fast sometimes , but you can always pause . This has Dr. Wai on the other side -LRB- unwatchable picture quality -RRB- , and comes in the JET LI COLLECTION . Do n't get that boxed set with twin warriors and the bodyguard , but get the one that is like 11.99 , and has a disc that has early jet li footage and also has a lengthy crowd lethal weapon 4 interview.I would call those special features and when I classify them like that they are certainly some of the best special features that I have ever seen.So get the jet li collection that HAS 4 MOVIES IN IT . Evil Cult master , Dr. Wai -LRB- unwatchable -RRB- , lee-thal weapon , and I ca n't remember what the early footage feature is called.Good stuff but do n't buy this version unless it is longer than 103 minutes . Also people are saying you ca n't read the subs for this version which is a shame bacuse it did n't have enough action in it to excuse unreadable subs .
 Just a little history on the movie story line . The movie is based on a book . The book was also done as a T.V. series way before the movie . I recall them being about 26 episodes -LRB- Thats 26 tapes ! -RRB- of about 2 hours each . -LRB- Or 1 hour ... I was a long time ago -RRB- I abosultly loved it!Anyways , that also explains the dizzy pace of the movie , because it crams about a 3rd of the series into one movie . It also explains the ending because it 's not over yet.I wish Jet li will make a sequal for this to complete the story line ! It could be a trilogy!Anyways , let me spoil your future for you a little.The story is about two swords which are unbreakable . So the owners who use it becomes very strong . -LRB- Like the Green Destiny in Crouching Tiger . BTW , the clan that Jet Li originally belonged to with Sammo is the same Wu Dan clan as in crouching tiger -RRB- Every one wants the sword . The story evolved into Jet Li mastering all the highest techniques of each martial arts school . He always ends up stuck somewhere with a master or a place with the secrets written down.He falls in love -LRB- out of like 5 or 6 to choose from -RRB- and drives the mongols out of china . the end.A little history note here -LRB- I am no expert , but -RRB- . Wu Dan clan is very popular because they were the clan which gathered all the martial arts schools and groups and drove out the mongols out of china . Just like the movie .
 I loved this film . It features some high fantasy , complete with fireballs , wind attacks , and flying Shaolin Monks . While I like `` realistic '' Kung Fu like Jet Li 's `` Kiss of the Dragon '' , films like these offer a great escape . If you like this film , it was based on a book by Jin Yong who writes Martial Arts fantasy . The only English translated book I could find was `` Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain '' right here on Amazon.com .
 I realized that this movie is the same as Lord of the Wu-Tang . I was wondering if this movie has an ending ? Lord of the Wu-Tang is a cliff hanger . But this movie is great and worth the money . Get it !
 I 'm now a grandfather . But I 've been watching kung fu movies ever since 1961 , as a kid growing up in San Francisco Chinatown . This movie rates as one of my all time favorite kung fu movies , and I own about 100 or so.The print is n't very good . The subtitles are hard to read . The story is among the most complicated and convoluted , especially for the non Cantonese speaking . But who watches a kung fu movie for plots?What I really enjoyed about the movie is that it actually shows what the Chinese cinema could actually do . It has tremendous battle scenes . Despite the poor print quality , the movie has some fantastic visuals.The movie is not a documentary . The movie is not an `` imagined documentary . '' A lot of things seem to come out of left field . But it 's OK . It 's a MOVIE !! Quite frankly , the movie plot could easily be translated into a Star Wars episode !
 This 1993 film is one of the few olden-day movies kung-fu artist Jet Li has done that is n't during the Manchu era . `` Kung-Fu Cult Master '' is so creative that if you only like realistic kung-fu movies , you wo n't appreciate this one . `` Kung-Fu Cult Master '' includes various types of kung-fu from different schools and temples , and the majority of fight scenes are highly original . Also , wirework is impressive , however does not mar the fighting sequences . Jet Li also gives one of the most impressive martial arts performances in his career , with great choreography done by Sammo Hung.The scenery , like the traps and tomb in the movie , are impressive and filled with creative ideas that only a very broad-minded person could think of . Again , this movie is n't realistic , but the plot is well-developed -LRB- except may be a bit confusing the first time , and the end leaves you hanging . -RRB- The movie was left hanging with an ending that will nag at you for a week in wonders of what happens , for a sequel to `` The Kung-Fu Cult Master '' was planned , however never released , even though enough scenes were shot to make the movie ; the scenes were never turned into a finished product.Acting is highly amusing at times and at others , very moving . Jet Li and Chingymy Yau Suk-Ching pair up AGAIN to bring impressive performances that are heightened by superb directing by famous Wong Jing , choreographed kung-fu scenes by Sammo Hung , and the movie 's set . If you 're a kung-fu movie fan , this is near perfection.Supporting actors and actresses
 I got this at blockbuster on extended play VHS for under ten bucks , and it is one of my favorite buys.I do n't know if a DVD version would improve it , but I love the wire stunts , the mystical imagery , fauvist cinematography and grand sense of adventure and humor.The end is an hypnotic Wong Jing / Jing Wang directed spectacle , which thrills but then disappoints as the film does n't deliver a sequel , similar to the original animated Lord of the Rings movie . Take it like an old saturday afternoon serial film or a comic book that never ends , and it 's not a bother.I guess I forgot the limited crude humor , which is slightly worse than a whoopee cushion , but still is not quite R rated . . Check out the alternate title ` Lord of Wutang ' here on Amazon for more reviews on this film .
 Jet Li is actually a punk in the first part of the movie . But from the opening bell the one is incredible . If you can get past the subs the movie has great fight scences , Beautiful but deadly fighting babes , Incredible weapons -LRB- liquid sword -RRB- & Old gray haired guys with Madd kung fu skills . I did not even know one of the gray haired was Sammo Hung until the 3rd time I watched it . I highly recommend it .
 I do n't know why everyone keeps dissing this movie , I thought it was great ! Sure , it 's a little weird , but that 's what makes it so cool ! It has everything , comedy , romance , action ... what more could you want in a movie ??? If you are into fantasy stuff , like I am , you 'll like this movie ! -LRB- Ps , whoever keeps refering Jet Li as a karate expert better shut up ! he does KUNG FU for the last time ! -RRB-
 Basically the story is about 2 swords , 1 contains -LRB- inside the sword -RRB- the instructions for the most powerful kung fu , the other contains instructions how to lead an army and become China 's emperor.But on one knows this secret . Everyone thinks these are magical swords and would give their owners invicibility.So the fight begins for the 2 swords ... This is story a bit confusing , purely because the original story is over 3000 -LRB- 3 thousand pages -RRB- long.What makes it even more confusing is this story is a sequel to another 3000 pages Kung Fu story.So to try and compress 6000 pages to a couple of hours on DVD would confuse any viewer unless you already know the story ! Anyway , this is the best Kung Fu story ever . It was first published on a HK news paper in the 1960s . Most Asian males should know this story !
 I am very happy with this purchase . I would gladly buy this movie again or recomment it to my friends .
 This movie has 3 different titles1 -RRB- Kung Fu Cult Master2 -RRB- Lord of the Wu Tang3 -RRB- The Evil CultThe 2nd title - do not get it unless you want to use the cover for your dvd to look cool.It got cut off in the beginning of the movie - the 1st 5 minutes of the movie . It is also from the vhs version of the wu tang collection but on dvd.The 3rd title is the best version dubbed in English , picture quality is excellent.This movie is very good like all the reviewers who give it 5 stars.There was a rumor back then that PART 2 was coming soon , by that time Jet Li was on his way to make other kung fumovies to become real famous then comes Black Mask which was for rent at chinese speaking movie rental shops inthe USA , this was before he appeared in that movie Lethal Weapon 4 . So part 2 is even better than part one but it never was in production and the story was waiting for Jet Li tostar in it .
 I have been looking for this movie for some time . I finally found it and thuroughly enjoyed it again . Its somewhat over the top fantasy kung fu is great fun to watch with great cheesy chi effects and magic kung fu styles . Its definitel not for everyone tho if you enjoy cheesey kung fu films you will probabaly love this one as much as I do
 Many people do not know that this is only part of a 60 volume serial.The main reason most people are confused about what is happening is a lack of understanding about internal energy or `` Chi '' . This is the magic of the Orient . Many various legends of certain types of `` secret '' Kung Fu have existed for centuries in China and the chinese audinces are not so confused by the plot line.If you suspend you dis-belief this is a fantastic , fuuny , deadly serious , bloody tale of sweat revenge ; betrayal and ultimate victory for the underdog . I ca n't find a better movie that works on all these levels.The english sub-titles are washed out by the background in some frames but can be gleaned if the movie is watched enough which you are sure to do .
 Many people do not know that this is only part of a 60 volume serial.The main reason most people are confused about what is happening is a lack of understanding about internal energy or `` Chi '' . This is the magic of the Orient . Many various legends of certain types of `` secret '' Kung Fu have existed for centuries in China and the chinese audinces are not so confused by the plot line.If you suspend you dis-belief this is a fantastic , fuuny , deadly serious , bloody tale of sweat revenge ; betrayal and ultimate victory for the underdog . I ca n't find a better movie that works on all these levels.The english sub-titles are washed out by the background in some frames but can be gleaned if the movie is watched enough which you are sure to do .
 Welcome to Hammer 's outstanding `` Hands of the Ripper '' , one of the studio 's last movies and one of their best . The story tells of Anna , a young girl who is actually Jack the Ripper 's daughter , and who was traumatised as a toddler by witnessing a vicious killing -LRB- seen in the prologue -RRB- . Now an adult , she is prone to murderous seizures which provide the many grisly highlights of the film . It sounds rather lurid , but the film takes the subject seriously , and as a whole , the plot is tremendously engaging . Anna 's rages are only triggered by a specific set of circumstances , and the script creates a surprising and clever staging for each one , following on every time with a suitably gory slaughter . The film features great performances from its prestigious cast , particularly Angharad Rees who is luminously beautiful as Anna , and Eric Porter as the doctor who realises her identity but is compelled to try and cure her rather than turn her in -LRB- as well as falling for her charms , as she has no recollection of what she does when she goes into a trance -RRB- . Of course , in the movies such a situation can only end in tragedy , and the climax of the story is elegantly downbeat and very effective . The period London setting , the photography and the directing all fall perfectly into place , and `` Hands of the Ripper '' can be judged as one of Hammer 's greatest acheivements . It 's crying out for a DVD release , so hopefully someone will take the initiative very soon . There is a UK region 2 release , but it 's only available as a box set with two far inferior British 70 's horror movies `` The Monster '' and `` The Uncanny '' . I was lucky and got one from a split set , but it 's a real shame that most people will miss out on enjoying this movie by it not getting the circulation it deserves .
 ` Hands of the Ripper ' is a Hammer movie from Peter Sasdy ; the same guy who directed the lamentable ' I Do n't Want To Be Born ' and it 's in a different league.Superior in every multitudinous way you can possibly think of , and then some ... It 's a sharp , aggressive picture . A slight departure for Hammer , in that there 's a VERY sympathetic ` monster ' . Not an unthinking fiend from the murk and fog , but a vulnerable and frightened young girl
 Hands of the Ripper is a shockingly neglected and obscure little atmospheric masterpiece from Hammer Studios . It 's a veritable showcase of classic horror at its best , with several somewhat bloody scenes thrown in for good measure . Beautifully shot and scored , the film simply oozes the aura of Victorian London , and the cinematography of the final shot is , ahem , to die for . The entire cast is wonderful , particularly Eric Porter and Angharad Rees , the latter being a delightful young actress I had never encountered before.I know you 're probably wondering if the film is about Jack the Ripper . Well , yes and no . The story is ostensibly about his daughter . You can imagine how screwed up in the head a daughter of Saucy Jack might be ; now imagine that this little girl saw her father murder her mother right in front of her eyes . Freud would have wet himself over such a poor , young thing . Now a young lady , we find Anna working as a fraudulent medium 's secret little helper . The madam is n't above selling Anna 's body to certain gentlemen , either . Following a `` s&eacute;ance '' attended by the good Dr. Pritchard -LRB- Eric Porter -RRB- and others , no less than a man of Parliament -LRB- Derek Godfrey -RRB- stays behind to indulge in some special favors . A scream later , Pritchard has run back into the house -LRB- encountering the fleeing Parliamentarian at the door -RRB- to find Anna in a somewhat catatonic state and the medium quite dead . You would think Pritchard would accuse the man he saw fleeing the house at the time of the murder , but he has plans of his own . Having grown fascinated with the breakthrough work of Freud in Vienna , Pritchard thinks he can cure the girl -LRB- if she does turn out to be the murderer -RRB- and , at the same time , finally acquire the answers as to why people commit murder in the first place.Having brought Anna home with him , Pritchard finds her to be the meekest of creatures , a veritable delight to be around . If it were n't for her bad habit of killing people for no good reason , she would be a beacon of female virtue . In her defense , she is quite unaware of her murderous actions , as she falls into something of a trance each time the violence rises up in her . Pritchard , not yet knowing the facts of her childhood , believes her to be schizophrenic , but more than one character ultimately voices the opinion that Jack the Ripper himself possesses her body whenever a certain stimulus causes her to break with reality . Either way , Dr. Pritchard has bought himself some trouble - and just days away from his son 's marriage , too.OK , the plot is a little less than perfect , but I loved this movie . You just ca n't beat Hammer Studios when it comes to producing old school horror films heavy on suspense and characterization . Those looking for quick bloody thrills should probably look elsewhere , as this film 's rather limited gore is sprinkled here and there throughout the film , but those who appreciate horror in all its facets should be particularly impressed with this overlooked 1971 Hammer Studios gem .
 The other reviews are good . Trouble right now is that the DVD is becoming unavailable . This import is spoken in English , do n't worry , and subtitles can be turned off . It 's the full wide screen . The end credits are cut short before the music stops , which spoils that mood , but not `` in the middle of the credits '' . There 's a bit of nudity with Rees.The title may mislead people into thinking it 's a cheap gore film . No , it 's a literate masterpiece , and based on a serious novel .
 I 've never seen this movie , but wanted to give everyone a heads up that Synapse Films now has the rights to this and will be releasing it in 2013 on Blu-Ray/DVD , so keep an eye out for it !
 This Carlton release has no problems , it is a genuinely good copy of the 1971 Hammer Film , Reg . 2 from Great Britain . It is an intriguing twist on the Jack the Ripper story with great performances by Eric Porter , Angharad Rees and others directed by Peter Sasdy , even though Hammer by this time was on the decline . Synapse Films who brought out a Reg . 1 edition of `` Vampire Circus '' is supposed to later this year put out `` Hands of the Ripper '' and `` Twins of Evil . '' `` Vampire Circus , '' in otherwise a great presentation , was printed too dark and one must adjust the `` Contrast '' button . This Carlton release has no such hindrances .
 I had not even known of this movie 's existence until Chip Kaufmann , a reviewer specializing in the classic horror genre recommended it to me . Luckily , the movie rental website I subscribe to had this and I was very pleased with the movie . The production qualities are above average and overall , I thought this was one of Hammer 's better productions , a wonderful blend of classic horror and excellent acting.The movie 's plot has a unique premise - what if Jack the Ripper had a daughter , and this same daughter witnessed her mother 's death at Jack 's hands , and was so traumatized by the childhood experience that it haunted her into adulthood ? There is of course a supernatural element in the story that involves spirit possession . Anna -LRB- Angharad Rees -RRB- portrays the young and innocent girl who having been orphaned at a young age , is being used as part of a fake psychic 's seance business . The old psychic also plans to sell Anna 's virginity to a prominent sleaze-bag , an aspiring politician Dysart -LRB- Derek Godfrey -RRB- . Things go horribly awry and the psychic is murdered . The only witnesses are Anna and Dysart . Here 's where the other main character comes in - Dr. Pritchard -LRB- Eric Porter -RRB- is a prominent psychiatrist who wishes to study the roots of violent behavior and finds Anna a compelling subject . He manages to extricate both Dysart -LRB- who fears for his reputation -RRB- and Anna -LRB- who has been thrown into a women 's lock-up facility -RRB- out of a potentially sticky situation and harbors Anna in his home.Well , things get complicated further when Pritchard 's son , Michael -LRB- Keith Bell -RRB- and his blind wife-to-be Laura -LRB- Jane Merrow -RRB- come to stay . There is something obviously not quite right with Anna , but even Pritchard does not realize how dangerous the situation can be for him and all those he loves . I thought the story was well-paced - there 's an element of suspense throughout , and the menacing atmosphere is well conveyed through the use of lighting and of course the credible acting , especially by Rees ' portrayal of the confused and tormented Anna and Porter 's well-intentioned but ultimately clueless Pritchard . This movie is recommended for fans of classic and atmospheric horror , but if you 're expecting a story along the lines of those splatterfest horror movies with little in terms of plot and characterization , this is not for you.Hopefully , I 'll be able to find a decent DVD of this classic horror movie and add it to my collection . Recommended ! Other Ripper-themed movies I 'd recommend : Murder by DecreeRipper -LSB- VHS -RSB- Jack the RipperFrom Hell -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 Another horror production from Hammer studios in England which details the story of the daughter of Jack the Ripper who continues his murderous rampage after she becomes a young adult . She witnesses the murder of her mother as a young child and is traumatized by the experience and becomes a possessed killer when the memories from her father 's actions are triggered by a bright shining light and a kiss . The murder scenes are a little graphic -LRB- especially the eye gouging scene -RRB- . Angharad Rees -LRB- of Poldark fame -RRB- plays the possessed daughter of Jack the Ripper . Her exceptional performance displays a young innocent woman who does n't comprehend the underpinnings of suppressed murderous tendencies . The role of Dr. Pritchard who tries to understand the young women 's psychological background and how she got that way is well played by Eric Porter . As Dr. Pritchard tries to shield the young woman from her killings , in the end he realizes that it might all have been a futile endeavor on his part .
 Another horror production from Hammer studios in England which details the story of the daughter of Jack the Ripper who continues his murderous rampage after she becomes a young adult . She witnesses the murder of her mother as a young child and is traumatized by the experience and becomes a possessed killer when the memories from her father 's actions are triggered by a bright shining light and a kiss . The murder scenes are a little graphic -LRB- especially the eye gouging scene -RRB- . Angharad Rees -LRB- of Poldark fame -RRB- plays the possessed daughter of Jack the Ripper . Her exceptional performance displays a young innocent woman who does n't comprehend the underpinnings of suppressed murderous tendencies . The role of Dr. Pritchard who tries to understand the young women 's psychological background and how she got that way is well played by Eric Porter . As Dr. Pritchard tries to shield the young woman from her killings , in the end he realizes that it might all have been a futile endeavor on his part .
 Poor Anna . Her father was Jack the Ripper . He may be deceased but his evil spirit lives on in her . Her hands have become his hands , and he forces her to kill and kill again . The `` Hands of the Ripper '' is a superb piece of gothic horror from Hammer Production . A well crafted chiller , it offers suspense while following a trail of gruesome stabbing deaths . With each bloody corpse , the psychiatrist who is determined to treat her becomes one step closer to knowing the truth , but will it be too late to save him and his family ? `` Hands of the Ripper '' is n't available on DVD in America . Fortunately , there is the Portuguese import released by Editora . The video and audio are crisp and clear , as good as any Hammer Production I 've seen from Anchor Bay . Optional English subtitles are available . A trailer is also available but it has Portuguese subtitles that are not optional . My only issue with the DVD is that the film abruptly ends halfway through the credits . I do n't know if that happens on my copy only or on all of them . `` Hands of the Ripper '' from Editora is highly recommended if you are a fan of Hammer Production , a fan of gothic horror , a fan of Jack the Ripper or , if you are like me , a fan of all three .
 This is probably one of Hammer studios lesser known films . Made in the 1970 's , when the studio was on the decline . This might not be the most historically accurate portrayal of the 1888 Whitechapel murders , but is still a good horror movie . Some gory murder scenes in this one.Another movie that has n't seen a region 1 release . : -LRB-
 Vaguely based on the life of Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson himself , STORMY WEATHER offers the story of a WWI vet who falls in love with a singer -- and under her influence goes into show business , only to find that their careers draw them in different directions . As a story , it is pretty slim stuff ... but as a collection of musical turns by some of the early 1940s best black talent , it simply ca n't be beat.Robinson was , of course , one of the truly great dancers of his era . Made late in his career , this film does n't really manage to capture the scope of his talents , but he remains a constant joy to watch . A very young and remarkably beautiful Lena Horne also offers several enjoyable songs , including one that she would go on to perform with increasing sophistocation and ultimately make entirely her own
 First thing ... If this is what Harlem was like in the 40 's it was jammin . First of all Lena Horne has to be the classiest woman alive -LRB- then and now -RRB- . Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson is great , giving just the right amount of humor and entertainment . And of course , nobody I mean NOBODY , was as bad as Cab Calloway and the Nicholas Brothers -LRB- who Fred Astaire by the way fancied some of his tap dancing moves from - I saw it on numerous PBS specials that he was a major fan of theirs -RRB- . Although it may have some stereotypical parts in it , it is wonderful to see a movie where black people were respectful to one another , classy dressers and had good times with one another.The best part of this film ? In a way it is very hard for me to pinpoint ... I love when Fats Waller and Ida Wells start signing `` Having yourself a Ball '' . My grandparents used to sing it and lord knows Fats and Ida are singing the hell out if it ! But the absolute BEST part has to be the finale when Cab is signing `` Jumpin Jive '' and the Nicholas Brothers dance on that staircase . This was a fantastic all-black hollywood musical . Thank God for video and DVD !
 Directed by Andrew Stone , this 1943 musical is one of the few musicals by a major studio to feature an all-black cast . The storyline is merely an excuse for all the musical numbers -LRB- and there are a LOT of them -RRB- . Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson plays Bill Williamson who meets lovely Selina Rogers , played by Lena Horne , just after he gets back from the First World War . Unfortunately their careers get in the way of their ever settling down together . `` Stormy Weather '' ends with a big all-star show hosted by Cab Calloway . Along the way Bill Robinson dances to `` Rang Tang Tang '' and several other songs , while Lena Horne sings `` There 's No Two Ways About Love , '' `` Diga Diga Do '' and the show piece title song , `` Stormy Weather . '' Bill and Lena also do `` I Ca n't Give you Anything But Love , Baby . '' Fats Waller does `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' '' and sings `` That Ai n't Right '' -LRB- a Nat `` King '' Cole song -RRB- with Ada Brown . Cab Colloway conducts his `` Rhythm Cocktail '' and `` Geechy Joe '' and there is also the incredible Nichols Brothers -LRB- Fayard and Harold -RRB- dancing to `` The Jumpin ' Jive . '' `` Stormy Weather '' is a wonderful compilation of song and dance .
 This delightful film is like a revue of song and dance numbers , held together by a thin plot , which is there simply as a frame for the wonderful music and fabulous talent , notably of Lena Horne , Fats Waller , Cab Calloway , and the protagonist who has the most screen time , Bill Robinson.Among the others that are remarkable are The Nicholas Brothers and Ada Brown . There are several styles of music represented , from blues , the sultry ballads sung by Lena Horne , to scat singing and big band dance numbers . There 's a priceless comedy routine where two men finish each other 's sentences , and another treat is to see Katherine Dunham dance in two pieces along with her troupe ; she was very popular decades ago , but sadly , not many remember her now.The dances are staged by Clarence Robinson , and they are numerous , some corny , but all entertaining . Of the singers , Lena Horne is extraordinary . She could make a lame line of dialog sound convincing , make any song worth listening to with her mellow , lovely voice , dance with the best of them , and her sensual beauty has rarely been equaled . The songs she sings are : `` There 's No Two Ways About Love , Baby '' `` Digga Digga Doo '' `` I Ca n't Give You Anything But Love '' `` Stormy Weather '' . The legendary Fats Waller sings his `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' '' , and other songs include `` Rhythm Cocktail '' , `` That Ai n't Right '' , and `` Rang Tang Tang '' . Directed by Andrew Stone , it has marvelous cinematography Leon Shamroy , and though not great in every aspect , it 's a historical film that showcases the fantastic black talent of the mid 20th century , and as such it gets my highest rating . Total running time is 78 minutes .
 This movie contains so many memorable musical and dance and sequences that you can -LRB- and I do -RRB- rerun just a musical and dance sequences over and over . I mean where else would you find so much talent in one movie . Not to mention the greatest dance routine ever filmed bar none . The Nicolas Brothers performed a routine that defies gravity . Yet with all the acrobatics , the style for which the pair are famous for is evident for all to see . The new tap folk with all thier improvisational skills lack that kind of style see Savion Glover . But to continue the wonderful talent Cab Calloway , Fats Waller , Bill Robinson , Lena Horne I mean the list just keeps getting bigger and bigger . This movie is one of my all time favorites
 There is so much good stuff in this movie ! In addition to enjoying the stunning performances , you can see actual live footage of Jim Europe 's 369th `` Hell Fighters '' Infantry Band in their triumphal march in New York after World War I interspersed with the movie 's footage . Jim Europe , one of the founding fathers of jazz , was killed in 1919 , so they had to use an actor to portray him in Stormy Weather . Much of the music featured at the beginning of the movie was material performed by Jim Europe . Another fun detail is that the middle sequence of the movie , in which Gabe -LRB- the bootblack -RRB- arrives as an angel to save the show from the balkiness of the chorus girls , is based on an incident that actually happened to Eubie Blake . And notice how the sequence with Cab Calloway starts out
 `` Stormy Weather '' will bring a ray of sunshine into your life . It 's an upbeat classic musical from the early fourties , and a huge breakthrough for African American Cinema . The musical numbers including , `` That Ai n't Right '' , `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' '' , `` I Ca n't Give You Anything but Love , Baby '' , `` My My , Ai n't That Somethin' '' , will most definately have you wanting to ` Shout and Jump ' . Lena Horne will at the very least , leave you mesmerized with her soulful rendition of `` Stormy Weather '' , and her astonishing beauty . Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson dances his way through this charming story and heads up an amazing cast . Cab Calloway and Dooley Wilson among them.Bill has the attention of the neighborhood kids as he tell the story of his return from WW1 , trying to break into show business and his everlasting love for one woman ... his buddy 's sister , Selena -LRB- Horne -RRB- . It happens , that Selena is a big star . She lands him a job in a big show , and he falls for her along the way , but must compete with another for her attention , and then again competes with the stage for her love . He never gives up and for years hopes to be reuinted with his love.It is said that because of Robinson 's popularity , bleachers had to be built to hold the fans watching him shoot his dancing scenes . And these were no ordinary fans , the bleachers were stars from other movie sets gathered to watch Bill , including the likes of Tyrone Power.The music , the singing , the dancing , the talent , the jumpin and the jive , make this one captivating film . Let Bill and Lena tap and sing their way into your heart . `` Hi De Ho '' ... Cab Calloway ... Enjoy ... Lauriemore from the fabulous 40 's : Christmas Collector 's Pack -LRB- The Bells of St. Mary 's / It 's a Wonderful Life -RRB- The Outlaw -LSB- VHS -RSB- and recommended for film buffs : THE MOVIES
 ... as my mother used to say , `` you buy the bit . '' Because movies of the 1940 's featuring black artists playing actual characters and not specialty acts were still a rarity -LRB- America was still a segregated nation at the time , and southern theatres regularly omitted black performers from their screens -RRB- , this production has found a kind of mythological status over the years - even though it is more review than story . Wonderful - brilliant - as Bill Robinson is , it 's a little unnerving to see him cast as Lena Horne 's love interest when there is a forty-five year age difference between them . But his performance still dazzles , especially his mind-boggling tap dance on an orchestra of bongo drums . The aforementioned songs from Calloway , Waller , Ada Brown , and so on - not to mention Horne 's electrifying title number - are all marvelous . And the ` zoot-suit ' finale with Calloway and the elegant Nicholas Brothers - in death-defying leaps and splits down a gleaming white spiral staircase - is the stuff musical dreams are made of .
 Watching this film , your heart aches because there 's so much talent on display here that never got to work together at this length on film again , and you have a sudden sense of how much richer the golden age of Hollywood musicals could have been had African-Americans been given their due ... . Anyhow , like everyone else I 'm wowed especially by Lena Horne and by the Nicholas Brothers dance sequence . The latter is probably the single most amazing physical achievement in dance ever - you 'll see it , not believe what you just saw , and then you 'll be irresistably driven to show it to other people . Which is only fair ; nobody should die without having seen this !
 That 's not at all what this treasure of a film is all about , especially today . Its main value , as I see it , is as a fine example of the multi-faceted mastery of show business forms achieved by Black performers of that Golden Era ... I showed it to my children -LRB- ages 14 , 12 and 10 at the time -RRB- , and now it 's one of their favorites , 'cause they were FLOORED by the joy of it all!Get this film into your library as proof that no combination of jim crow , bigotry and lack of equal opportunity could keep these giants from rising , like cream in a milk bottle , to the very top . You and your children will be glad you did ; I mean , come on ! Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson , Lena Horne , The Nicholas Brothers AND Cab Calloway in one flick ?! Roll 'em , Pete !!!
 This movie hits the top with one of the best casts I 've ever seen ! Lena Horne sparkles , in his last public appearance Fats Waller shines , and Bill Robinson can sing a little , act a little , and dance quarts ! I just with it was on DVD ...
 This is wonderful . I wish these folks were around , young , andon the Radio and Screen today . Put this on DVD PLEASE , my VHS tape will wear out fromintroducing todays kids to these folks .
 This was one of my favorite African American films . Bill Robinson was great as usual . Lena Horne was fab-u-lous in her rendition of a broken hearted heroin , singing about her long lost love , while watching the storm at the window . And that storm scene was the icing on the cake . It was fantastic ! . Cab Calloway was a treat , the way he stepped out on stage in his wide brim fedora , long watch chain smacking the floor , and that all - time stunning zoot suit ; singing Geechy Joe . This film is a must see , and buy , if you are a classic cinema collector .
 The connecting thread to this review of African-American entertainment spanning the World Wars is the reminisces of hoofer Bill Williamson -LRB- Bill Robinson -RRB- . This is just a light-hearted pretense to show the rich tapestry that was the African-American contribution to our collective culture . And what a great gathering of contributors here ! Robinson , Lena Horne , Cab Calloway , Fats Waller , the Nicholas Brothers , etc. . Everybody 's at the top of their game in full knowledge that the opportunity to strut their stuff in a major Hollywood production would n't be afforded very often . The performances are infectuously joyful betraying the pain many probably felt at being discriminated against . I approached this film initially as a sociological experience and at some point I was sucked into the fun of it all .
 The merits and limitations of this famous film are well documented . The positives include the list of legendary performers , all at their peak with the exception of an elderly Bill Robinson , the excellent black and white photography and that great Fox sound . The negatives include the generous display of stereotypes , the poor screenplay , unimaginative direction and non-existent acting -LRB- everyone `` smiles '' their role which given the absurd dialogue , may have been the only solution -RRB- . What really makes this DVD special beyond the acts themselves and the excellent print is that it contains a superb low key commentary which explains the context of the performers and the roots of their performances - an invaluable history lesson . By the way , was Lena Horne at her peak the sexiest woman alive ? Wow .
 This is an outstanding film the music is just fabulous and those Nicholas brothers and that stair routine . Some of the greatest entertainers are in this movie what a classic . It 's true African-American history .
 if you have never seen this movie , and if you love good music - get a copy and watch ASAP - it has beautiful music and is very entertaining - Cab Calloway is one of my favorite musician/actors .
 The music is great , the acting is fun , the story works , the b & w is effective -- an enjoyable gem of a production
 I was told about this movie by a friend . It exceeded my expectations . The music and dancing were great . I would definitely recommend .
 Purchased this for family movie night . Everyone loved it young age 28 to eldest age 86 . Great evening for all .
 Ada Brown , Lena Horne , Fats Waller , Mr. Bojangles and Co. -- a treasure trove of 1930 's and 40 's era black performers that got limited exposure in the white-dominated studio system . If you truly appreciate jazz-era performers , this video is a must-have . You 'll never see these performers -LRB- most of them dead now -RRB- outside of this tape .
 Stormy Weather gives us magical performance after magical performance after magical performance . The plot may be loosely based on the life of Bill Robinson ; but the plot nevertheless remains rather thin -- you watch this movie for the more than twenty musical song and dance numbers it contains . We see some of the greatest performances on film by Fats Waller , Lena Horne , Cab Calloway , Bill Robinson , Dooley Wilson and the Nicholas Brothers . WOW!The story begins when Bill Williamson -LRB- Bill Robinson -RRB- tells his life story in flashback to a group of children on the front porch of his home . Bill starts his story when he and his friends were much younger soldiers just back from World War I service overseas . Immediately Bill falls for Selina Rogers -LRB- Lena Horne -RRB- and although Selena likes Bill she certainly does n't want to settle down . We also meet Bill 's fast-talking friend Gabe , so ably played by Dooley Wilson.Selina continues in New York City show business as Bill goes down to New Orleans where he works in a club on Beale Street . It is in this club that we get such special moments
 What a musical treat Stormy Weather is ! One of several `` race films '' produced by the major studios in the early 1940s -LRB- this one by 20th Century Fox -RRB- , Stormy Weather offers a showcase of black entertainers . It features the incomparable Leana Horne , Fats Waller , Cab Calloway , Ada Brown , and Emmet ` Babe ' Wallace singing . The dancing is also a treat , with headliner Bill Robinson -LRB- Mr. Bojangles -RRB- , the Nicholas Brothers , and the Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe . My favorite song is actually sung by the uncredited Babe Wallace -- his creamy baritone rendition of `` African Dance '' , a song with lyrics by Langston Hughes -LRB- ! -RRB- , is offered as a front for Robinson 's wonderful dance across the tom-tom drums , but what a front it is . The stairs dance by the Nicholas Brothers is a marvel -- Fred Astaire called it the single best dance routine ever captured on film . The plot is quite thin , even in a day when musical films typically had thin plots , but at least by setting Stormy Weather smack in the middle of the entertainment business , it provided ample opportunity for superb music and dancing . Production values are solid . The DVD offers an excellent version of the film , although the DVD commentary loses sight of the magic of the film and its performers with misplaced social commentary . Story Weather offers top flight entertainers in top flight club settings . If you love music and dance , you owe it to yourself to give it a whirl . -LRB- Note that while the thumbnail for the cover notes that the film included Eddie ` Rochester ' Anderson , it does not ; his scenes were left on the cutting room floor . For Anderson along with Ethel Waters and Lena Horne , take a look at the 1943 Cabin in the Sky . -RRB-
 I have two words to describe this film -- absolutely outstanding ! I am always interested in viewing , and showing to others , positive early films about African Americans . This film certainly fits the bill with its assemblage of some of the greatest stars of all time . The acting , singing , and dancing are all superbly rendered by a stellar cast of African American performers . I highly recommend it for use by academicians who teach courses focusing on the 20 's through the 40 's as well for those interested in good leisurely entertainment . It not only is entertaining but also sends a powerful message about the challenges of being a performer in the context of marriage and family .
 This film showcases talent ! Each character contributes to jazz/blues/rhythm / dancing throughout the film . The tap dancing numbers at the end are spectacular . Plot is n't great , but the music and vibrancy carry the audience to a new awareness of these actors/actresses talents . It 's a must for anyone who loves musicals -- or anyone in need of a smile and a sense of hope .
 A Classic B/w Song/Dance film.Bill Robinson steals the picture with his dancing and performance.A highlight is the scene showing the talent of Fats Waller singing and playing with his band.Scenes from this film are always included in ` Hollywood Musical ' great scenes , and is enjoyable to view the complete film.Excellent quality transfer of both video and sound.This film will be in the top 10 % of my DVD Collection .
 This has to be one of the best musicals ever . So much talent packed into one film ! It 's like a time capsule of the 40 's swing era.You like dancing ? Well , watch Bill bojangles Robinson tap . Or watch the unbelievable Nicholas brothers do their acrobatic number starting out on the music stands of Cab Calloways band . Torch songs ? Lena Horne . She never looked or sounded better . Jazz with a little comedy ? Fats Waller with Benny Carter on trumpet doing a great version of `` ai n't misbehaving '' and issuing his famous line `` one never knows do one ? '' Blues ? Ada Brown singing with Fats Waller spitting out funny quips between lines . And the finale with Cab Calloways big band -LRB- featuring Illinois Jacquet on sax -RRB- doing an extended version of `` jumping jive '' shows how exciting swing music can be . All in all , this is a wonderful tribute to the black music of the period and a great starting point for anyone curious about the swing era .
 My parents used to rave about this film , about Lena Horne and the title song which became her signature tune . Finally I 've caught up with it and the wait was worthwhile . This 1943 film has been beautifully restored and the soundtrack is clean as a whistle . I have never seen Fats Waller perform a whole song before let alone two . We see Cab Calloway in his prime , younger audiences catching up with him years later in `` The Blues Brothers '' . The dancing by the original `` Mr Bojangles '' , the Nicholas Brothers and the renowned Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe is beathtaking . Lena Horne is beautiful and her gowns accentuate her beauty . It is highly recommended but I must register a feeling of sadness seeing an all-black cast movie which was they way they had to go back then - some of the stage performers even having to wear blackface on top of their natural complexion .
 As a young man watching this movie , it instilled in me a since of pride and dignity knowing the challenges of that era did not stop the greatness that is now forever preserved on dvd . I 'd have to agree with the great Gregory Hines who was known for this statment
 When STORMY WEATHER was re-released in a new DVD format , I had to add it to my collection . I had never seen the complete film before , only the well known excerpts such as the closing scene where the Nicholas Brothers tap their hearts away and Lena Horne singing her famous ballad `` Stormy Weather '' from which the film gets its title.The plot of the film is not all that strikingly different from other Hollywood musicals of the time . It has a straightforward story , loosely based on the story of Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson . The film begins as Robinson returns home a hero from World War I and longs to get into show business . He is in love with his buddy 's sister played by the young Lena Horne . Like all Hollywood musicals , the two are destined for each other , go their separate ways , but eventually are reunited . The film is also like other musicals of the era . It is set in 1943 so patriotic fervor is great and there is no hint of the racial tensions or the great divide between white and black that was so true at the time . Viewers in 2006 will wince at some of the blatant stereotypes and caricatures in the film , but it was a daring film for the time.Though the story may be contrived , for musical lovers this is not a problem . Not thinking too much about the story gives the viewer more time to enjoy the stuff that makes the film great-the phenomenal musical numbers . `` Stormy Weather '' is but one of the great numbers . We also have Cab Calloway singing `` Geechy Joe '' Fats Waller performing `` Ai n't Misbehavin '' and Ada Brown singing `` That Ai n't Right '' just to name a few great scenes.For the musical numbers alone , STORMY WEATHER belongs with the great Hollywood musicals , but one can only wonder . If Hollywood and America had not had such strong color barriers in the days of the great musicals , how much greater would these extravaganzas have been .
 Forget the story line . It 's unimportant . Try to ignore the black stereotyping . It 's there and it 's not going to go away . But pay attention to the musical performances . The liner notes say there are more than 20 . I did n't count , but the movie has one great performance after another , starting with the two leads , Bill Robinson and Lena Horne . The movie features a roster of famous black entertainers of the time.World War I is just over and black troops are parading down Broadway . Among them are Bill Williamson -LRB- Robinson -RRB- and his best friend , Gabe -LRB- Dooley Wilson -RRB- . Bill is a dancer and is determined to break into the big time . In a club he meets a new singer , Selina Rogers -LRB- Lena Horne -RRB- . They strike sparks , but both are ambitious . Over the next 20-some years they will meet , break apart , create star careers for themselves and finally come together during a stage tribute for black soldiers on their way overseas during WWII . All this is told in flashback as Bill reflects on his career.We 're along for the ride , and a great ride it is . Among the performances to treasure is everything Robinson does . He was a great tap dancer with an infectious , happy disposition and a great smile . Lena Horne was 26 when she made this movie , one of her earliest . You ca n't get much better than Horne singing Stormy Weather , I Ca n't Give You Anything But Love , Diga Diga Do or There 's No Two Ways About Love . What a gorgeous woman . She has charisma , a great voice and she knows exactly how to put across a song.There 's Cab Calloway in padded shoulders and pegged pants doing his zoot routine to Geechy Joe , Ada Brown singing That Ai n't Right with some back and forth with Fats Waller on piano , and then Waller doing a funny , coy , eye-batting version of his Ai n't Misbehavin ' . A singer I could n't identify does a wonderful job with I Lost My Sugar in Salt Lake City , and a dancer I could n't find a credit for does an athletic , fast routine to Your Nobody 's Sweetheart Now . And there 's more . The numbers just keep coming , from individual songs to all-out musical productions , including one powerful dance to Stormy Weather by Katherine Dunham and her troupe . Even the jazz band behind Waller has star musicians like Coleman Hawkins , Benny Carter , Taps Miller and Zutty Singleton.Put on your seat belt when Fayard and Harold Nicholas leap out of the audience toward the close of the show and do a startlingly athletic dance to Jumpin ' Jive . They start out tapping and jumping into and out of the orchestra ... then they speed things up . They leap and tap up a series of very tall steps to a high platform , then do leaps over each other , landing two steps at a time down in full splits , eight leaps in all , each time pulling themselves up only by the strength of their legs . It 's an incredible routine , and it 's full of style.The DVD looks just fine . The case has two inserts . One is a set of reproduced lobby cards from Stormy Weather . The other is an informative insert about the major players . The disc commentary by Dr. Todd Boyd , professor of critical studies at the University of Southern California , gives much background on black performers in Hollywood , the limitations they had to deal with and the stereotyping that was commonplace . Lena Horne , for instance , was most often limited in her movies to doing special material which could be cut out when the films played in southern states .
 Although it is nearly 60 years old this is still a very enjoyable film . My only regret is that it is n't on DVD with special features like Spotlight on Location , Production Notes , A Theatrical Trailer , Deleted Scenes -LRB- if any exist -RRB- and an introduction similar to the one found on Casablanca . What a great era of talent that was !
 This movie is a wonderful testament to the talent of African Americans who had great difficulty finding quality vehicles to show off their talent and genius . I 've watched this movie many times and never tire of seeing these people whose CDs help fill my shelves-Lena Horne , Fats Waller , Cab Calloway . But CDs do n't show Bill Robinson -LRB- Sammy Davis Jr. immortalized him in the song , `` Bojangles '' -RRB- or the Nicholas Brothers . Please put this on DVD , with or without extras ! Just get it there !
 The story is hokey , the leading man 's performance is second rate but `` Stormy Weather '' is pure fun . Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson may not be great shakes as an actor , but who cares ? As a dancer he is unmatched and his skills are on full display here . And as they say on TV ads -- `` but that 's not all . '' Here too are the fabulous tap dancing duo The Nicholas Brothers for one amazing number and legendary jazz musicians Fats Waller and Cab Calloway and Robinson 's co star , Lena Horne.Horne is simply gorgeous both visually and vocally , whether while singing the film 's title song or playing Robinson 's love interest . Also look for Dooley Wilson , best known as Bogey 's piano-playing pal in `` Casablanca . '' `` Stormy Weather '' is one of the best of the all African-American movies from the pre Civil Rights era.The joy of watching the movie is tempered somewhat by the realization that its stars did not get their due as a consequence of the institutionalized racism of the time.This edition cried out for some special features other than commentary by a film historian.The story line is trite but serviceable as a vehicle for the songs and dances.What a joy !
 The plot of this story might be thin about the fictionalized life of Bill ` Mr. Bojangles ' Robinson , and his on again/off again romantic relationship with a love interest but I found it to be one of the single most exhilarating films I 've ever seen.This all black film may not be a masterpiece in terms of its cinematic technique , but it captures more than a dozen performances , each of which can itself be termed a masterpiece . Horne rendition of `` Stormy Weather '' is singularly , powerfully erotic . Robinson is great and has several fantastic numbers -LRB- he 's obviously getting old , but he still has a ton of energy -RRB- . Many other great black performers grace the screen , among them Fats Waller Katherine Dunham , Ada Brown , and the Nicholas Brothers , who deliver a dance that equals anything either Astaire or Kelly accomplished . Dooley Wilson does not sing , but he has a very funny supporting role -LRB- the film delivers big time in laughs , including a very amusing blackface scene -RRB- . As many hugely entertaining performances there are in the first three-quarters , the film shifts into high gear when Cab Calloway shows up . I absolutely love this guy , one of the weirdest and most original stylists that ever existed in America . But it 's not just his appearance that ups the ante . The film has an amazing sense of pace , and it builds steadily to a musical finale which can only be described as orgasmic . It was thrilling to be able to see the talent actors and all the skills offered through their dancing and singing abilities . All of the dance numbers and costumes really represented the time period . The way the dancers moved were both creative and unique , especially indisputably impressive Nicholas Brothers . `` Stormy Weather '' is a testament to black art of the first half of the 20th Century , and the achievements must not be forgotten . Twentieth Century Fox really broke the mold with this movie in response to FDR 's urging . It finally gave actors of color the chance to show off their tremendous talent also allowing them to have more of an equal role in society . Although there still were laws restricting the interaction between whites and blacks in films , it certainly brought them out the repetitive demeaning roles of slaves and servants . This may very well be the best place to go if you want to discover them .
 Maybe it 's true that the plot of this movie is n't all that great , but that 's not what Stormy Weather is for . To a large extent , this movie is Bojangle 's biography . Bojangles does a spectacular job not only dancing , but also acting and singing , and I think he 's reasonably convincing as Lena 's love interest considering that he was 70 years old when this movie was made . -LRB- He looks like he 's in his thirties . -RRB- Then there 's Fats Waller ... any footage of him is to be treasured . His performance with Ada Brown is absolutely classic Fats . The saddest thing about this movie is that we lost Fats immediately after the filming -- he died on the train on the way home at the age of 39 . The end of this movie is so rousing , we feel like climbing through our television screen and onto the set to join in the dancing . Cab Calloway is in fine form in his famous zoot suit !
 Enough has been said in these other reviews about the music ; its all true and then some . Wow ! But the Nicholas Brothers just burn through their dance numbers , I mean , they are just really moving great on-screen . The Nicholas Brothers were known as a `` specialty dance act '' during their time - they were supremely athletic and did things no one else attempted , but the knock on them was that they were not as sophisticated and graceful as other top dancers . Of course , their act must be considered in the context of their times . The chances of them getting a lot of work by doing what all the other dancers did , even if they were able to do it better , were slim indeed . So they did things no else did , thereby ensuring that no white performers could replace them . Regardless , look at them go in this movie , and then tell me that they did n't belong in the top tier of dancers . Man , they are just incandescent !
 Wow ! Amazing talent ! `` Artists '' today do n't hold a candle to the talents of this by-gone generation . Get this DVD and see where it all started . It 's a shame that more of these early performers are not better known .
 I 'm only a 13 year old girl , and I think Stormy Weather is fun and outstanding ! I love all the people in it too . I also relized that some of the people who play in this movie , star in some of the Betty Boop cartoons . But , I really , really admire this movie , and I will always treasure it for being one of the best movies at the top of my movie shelf ! So , if your a fan on classical movies , you should really buy Stormy weather . It was made in 1942 .
 `` Stormy Weather '' is a musical extravaganca that still enthralls today after more than 65 years after its ' intial release.This picture also has turned into a valuable musical historical treasure , showcasing some of the best black talents of the 20th Century.It is like an animated museum piece but there 's no dust or relics here , brother.This film is still alive and vibrant and each performance still gives out and has as much to say now as it did in 1943 . The plot is a trifle to be sure.The star Bill Robsinson is sitting on his front porch with some young relatives reminiscing about his career , which is told in extended flashbacks.Each flashback is filled with various musical numbers by his co-stars and/or himself.This continues unabated until the pictures ' closing moments.The producer and director give all acts ample time to showcase their talents throughout and in most cases are given at least two numbers each ; in Bill Robsinsons ` and Lena Hornes ' cases it is multiple numbers.Of course we all know the legend of Bill Robinson , his superior terpsichorean abilities and the inspiration he gave -LRB- and still gives -RRB- to so many dancers throughout the years , both black and white.Lena Horne was just coming into her own and she is showcased beautifully throughout the film with several numbers to her credit.Each song is sung in her intimitable style along with the famous title song.Several other acts appear here , some well known others not.The vaudeville team of Miller and Lyles puts in a funny appearance doing their broken down car sketch.The background group of dancers are the Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe.Katherine herself sings and leads the troupe visibly in every number.Legendary Fats Waller drops by to sing a song with famous songstress Ada Brown and one with his band.After witnessing Bill deck a rival for Lena 's hand , Fats utters his famous line `` One never knows do one '' . It 's a delight.Cab Calloway is on hand to lend some `` jumpin ' jive ' '' to the proceedings in his patented zoot suit and his band is definitely hot.Near the end of the film come the dancers with no peer The Nicholus Brothers.And as usual they absolutely astound with their acrobatics on the dance floor.A phenomenon and a force of nature ; when they 're on they literally stop the picture.Throughout the film Dooley Wilson , fresh off his high profile appearance singing `` As Time Goes By '' in Casablanca , is on hand as Bill Robsinsons ' old friend.Technically the print used in this transfer does have its ' flaws and in some spots more than others and could have used a bit better clean up.But all in all it 's more than adequate.Included with this is an audio commentary and two things you are not told about elsewhere.First is a folded insert by tv writer Sylvia Stoddard on the film and four 5 `` X7 '' repro lobby cards , a nice touch.In concluding this is a film that will appeal to many , many different people on several differents levels.If you are a dancing fan you will love Katherine Dunham and her troupe along with the Nicholas Brothers and its star Bill Robinson.If you like good music there is Lena Horne , Cab Calloway , Ada Brown and Fats Waller.If you like musicals this has everything you could ever want . `` Stormy Weather '' is 77 minutes of pure dynamite and a lasting testament to the talent involved.Get yourself a copy and bring some real sunshine into your life .
 This movie is one of my all time favorites . It 's loaded with top notch entertainment and the entire family can enjoy it . Left me with a warm and joyous feeling . It is a must - see for all age groups ...
 This film was a showcase for black song-and-dance entertainers from the first half of the 20th century . The plot , such as it was , was thin and simply involved a romance between Lena Horne and Bill ` Bojangles ' Robinson . Released by 20th Century Fox in 1943 , it was in black-and-white . We also had Thomas ` Fats ' Waller singing and playing his own ` Ai n't misbehavin '' , Cab Calloway with his orchestra doing his frenetic thing with ` Geechy Joe ' and ` Rhythm cocktail ' , some acrobatic dancing from the Nicholas Brothers , and a full supporting cast of other singers and dancers . Dooley Wilson also appeared but he was n't given anything to sing or play . The high spot of the film was Lena Horne 's singing of the title track by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler , who also had a hand in the screenplay . An enjoyable 80 min of entertainment .
 Great music and great fun ! The acting and plot are a bit contrived but it 's the music -LRB- and history -RRB- that makes this a must have for the jazz and blues history buff . Originally made in 1943 , this film was a tribute to the contribution made by `` colored '' people to the rich music history of the USA . Features music from the likes of Lena Horn , Fats Waller , Cab Calloway , Ada Brown , among others . I originally recorded this on BetaMax and we watched it over and over . When I found it available on DVD it was a no-brainer for me .
 I saw this on Netflix before buying it for my Dad . He plays the trumpet and loves jazz and standards . This film has some great scenes in it and is very upbeat .
 Featuring the talents of a number of singers and stars of the screen and records , this film portrays the life and times of Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson . If you want tobe entertained , sit back and enjoy a level of songs and dances represented in thistruly musical film by such stars as Shirly Temple and Lena Horne . This filmacurately portrays the life and loves of entertainers .
 By far - i must say , this must be one of the best movies during its time with an all black cast . The enterntain was great , but it had a creative storyline that went right along with what was going on in the film .
 How could you not love this movie ? It has Lena Horne , and Cab Calloway just to name a few amazing artists . The music numbers blend seamlessly with the story line . This is a star studded cast of anyone that was anyone back in the day . Incredible , I still love it to this day . I have seen it more times than I can count . It is neat to see all of my favorite people back when they were young . Way cool .
 The movie is a classic work of performing arts , with great performances by `` Bojangles '' , Lena Horne , and Cab Calloway . It is entertaining , funny , strokes the right emotions , and an excellent portrayal of jazz music , dancing , and acting .
 Stormy Weather is a larger than life collection of an all-singing , all-dancing biographical showcase of the very best of black entertainment in 1943 - promoting music & dance & how the related importance & contribution is significant to the American Culture at large . It is classified as a historical treasure , & undeniable agreed to be within the top 5 of all-time best Black Films . Filmed & produced during World War II when segregation was pretty much legal in most cases - the movie represents a `` time capsule '' , emblematic as a historical archetype with its problematic stereotypical racism indicative of the society of the time with its dehumanizing representation of Black People as an accepted tradition . The comical representation -LRB- of people -RRB- , conniving personalities , minstrel entertainment `` Miller & Lyles -LRB- i.e. - `` Amos 'n' Andy type mentality -RRB- , hyper obese -LRB- jolly -RRB- individuals , `` forced Africanism '' , & vaudeville entertainment , were strictly addressed -LRB- & denoted -RRB- only to Black Folks.Stormy Weather is an All Star Cast showcasing quality black performers . The narrative of the film is to set up the performances of the stars . The scene set-up is only secondary to the performance showcases themselves , so instead of only snippets of great Black music & dance - the movie offers a plethora of excellent Black art . It may be understood that Stormy Weather perhaps may be viewed as a `` music video within a video '' , thus the narrative is the vehicle to aid in the music videos only , & thus the plot is essentially unimportant . Accordingly then , the story is a bit illogical whereas the film set-up is from the perspective of Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson looking back & sharing his life , career & accolades on his porch with the neighbor children , or perhaps -LRB- it might be -RRB- a love story between the characters on screen played by actors Bojangles & Lena Horne.There were more than 20 musical numbers in the film , undoubtedly a `` gem of a musical '' offering such a wonderful range of performers of different genre . Notably - the divine Lena Horne , Mr. Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson -LRB- Fred Astaire called Mr. Robinson the greatest dancer of all time -LCB- additionally in four minutes eight seconds Robinson tapped 1,984 taps - that 's eight per second a noted record breaker -RCB- -RRB- , Cab Calloway & his Band is a major contributor to the quality of this movie -LRB- Mr. Calloway -LCB- IMHO -RCB- has more charisma than Marlon Brando , Paul Newman , & Armando Desante TOGETHER -LCB- some of Cab 's most brilliant archival footage is right in this film !!!!! -RCB- -RRB- , The Nicholas Brothers did an incomparable stereo & synchronized tap dance # to Cab 's `` The Jumpin ; Jive '' including `` leap-frog '' full splits -LRB- almost raggedy-Ann like -RRB- & returns -LRB- across dining tables , throughout the bands tables , down a staircase -RRB- in a brilliant artistic fashion -LRB- smiling nonstop -RRB- , right into a chorus finale of 55 men & women dancers/singers doing `` My My , Ai n't that Somethin' '' -LRB- Reprise -RRB- . Other notables are Thomas `` fats '' Waller `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' , '' -LRB- he 's got real cool -LCB- and exaggerated -RCB- facial expressions on film -RRB- , Ada Brown singing `` That Ai n't Right '' to Fats Waller Bluesy Piano Band . Katherine Dunham 's dance troupe of 10 doing `` Stormy Weather Ballet '' -LRB- Katherine Dunham led a world-famous dance troupe -RRB- was graceful & spectacular . Of Course Lena Horne doing `` Stormy Weather '' , is a hit , but she did 3 other numbers that included some smooth & beautiful dance steps.Stormy Weather is just what it was intended to be - diverting entertainment in a wartime world . Perhaps the stereotypes are bothersome , the story a bit illogical , but the talent and passion of the performers and the caliber of the music make it all worthwhile - then & now . So much of quality is lost in today 's world . It was a pleasure to view this movie 10 times this week . : - -RRB-
 I love this movie mostly for Cab Calloway and The Nicholas Brothers . The Nicholas Brothers created -LRB- what I think -RRB- is the best dance scene of all times . They make tap seem very easy , but most people do not realize the level of athleticism involved in getting those moves so fluid . Cab Calloway was always VERY entertaining with his band ; you ca n't help but to tap your foot to the beat of his band when he performs . Overall this movie shows a great deal of history for anyone who has an interest in dance , black entertainment , or just entertainment in general . This was produced about 30 years before I was even thought of and I love that it 's on DVD now so that I can teach/share with my future children this piece of history .
 Yeah , there 's not much to the plot . But who needs that when you have that era 's largest array of the dimensions of Black talent on film?To deal with some controversy head-on-the Blackface scene that only one reviewer alluded to . These were oldschool comedians Johnny Lee -LRB- Calhoun from Amos & Andy -RRB- and veteran comic Flournoy Miller -LRB- who appeared in the legendary `` Shuffle Along '' in 1922 and wrote for A&A ;-RRB- doing a classic old black comedy routine called `` Indefinite talk . '' People today do n't know that in those days , Black comedians in Blackface appearing in Black theaters was as common as profanity is today -LRB- which is why I often say that profanity is the blackface of the millennium -RRB- . So view it in that context.We even get a rare -LRB- if unbilled -RRB- look at Stump and stumpy , the comedy team that was said to have inspired Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis . They 're the ones clowing with Bojangles during the boat scene.Speaking of Bojangles , his dancing is somewhat reserved compared to his earlier films -LRB- he was in his sixtes at the time -RRB- . Lena Horne is as pretty and classy as ever , but her songs are a tad dragging by modern standards . -LRB- BTW-I met Lena 's daughter Gail a few years back . She told me that Lena could not stand working with the gun-toting Bojangles -RRB- . Fats Waller is also restrained here , but quite funny in his few scenes . However , Cab Calloway is at full throttle at his prime , Hidehoing and dancing away-ALMOST stealing the show -LRB- we 'll get to who does that in a minute -RRB- . The `` Jumping Jive '' is much fun . The Katherine Dunham dancers was probably the classiest black dance act of its era , so this folk art was quite rare for films of that time.NOW ON TO THE NICHOLAS BROTHERS-as everyone knows , this is the highlight of the film -LRB- and perhaps their career -RRB- . The legandary stair dance scene makes me ache as a man to watch it-watch these hard splits and you 'll see what I mean!SIDENOTE - This is loosely based on some real people . Only hardcore jazz and black history fans know that there WAS a Jim Europe who led the 15 Infantry Jazz Band in World War I that the first part of this film is based on.With that said , watch this and enjoy a full dimension of the era 's black talent . The zoot suit scene at the end is a hoot !
 I use this movie as a teaching tool in dance classes in public schools . It shows the roots of every dance form we practice today and proves the point that there is no such thing as a truly `` American '' form of dance . Tap and hip hop originated from African dance/drumming and how it was used in communication from one plantation to another to help one another escape . Katherine Dunham combined AFrican and CAribeean techniques to create well excuted and smart jazz and modern choreogrpahy . Calloway showed us he is the grandfather of hip hop vernacular , Lena Horne the queeen of style , Bill Robinson , a master craftsman and Fats Waller and Ada Brown true talents that were grown out of singing in churches and learning songs passed down from generation to generation . NO one surpasses the Nicholas Brothers in grace and style , and Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly openly admitted they were greatly influenced by them . Please note that there are other small appearances by Noble Sissle and other trailblazers in the film . If you are student and watching the film , notice the first dance scene about the cake walk - look it up and learn about its history . To me , this movie proves we are all one.Also , Amazon , please note that when you bring this up to pay it says it stars Eddie Rochester Anderson . It does not , he was the brilliant leading man in Cabin in the Sky .
 Imagine
 This is another one of those old movies that I had to watch more than once to appreciate . This is largely because of the singing and dancing in the film . At times it was too much and at times it was awesome . Before watching this film I 'd never seen Cab Calloway perform or watched a whole film with Lena Horne in it . Both entertainers did a great job . If you 're interested in classy entertainment from early black actors this is the film to watch .
 Music , not story , is the name of the game here . `` Stormy Weather '' provides an avenue for black singers , dancers and musicians of the mid-1940s to show off their talents . Too bad it was that way but at least putting these acts on screen in a movie format was n't just black folks `` preaching to the choir . '' This film gave a lot of white people a chance to see some great talent they might never have seen and , hopefully , helped some of these entertainers in their careers.Bill Robinson and Lena Horne are the stars of the film , or should I say the main entertainers . Robinson is wonderful to watch throughout . He 's not just a great dancer but an extremely likable guy . He comes across that way , anyway , and has in every film I 've seen him . Horne has a good voice and a pretty face that became famous for almost never aging.Since I prefer a little more up-tempo , Fats Waller , Cab Calloway and The Nicholas Brothers filled the bill nicely . They were awesome.What little story there is centers around Robinson 's character trying to break into show business . En route are also some funny lines and characters .
 I first saw `` Stormy Weather '' in the early 70 's in a weekly program of `` Race Movies '' . I used to get my kids on weekends back then and I took them to lots of events like this.The film is loaded with great music and dancing and manages to hang a slim plot in there somewhere . Do n't watch it for the story , just the music . There is music from Lena Horne , Cab Callaway and the great Fats Waller , and possibly the greatest dance performance ever filmed . I had never seen an early Lena Horne film and when she first came on screen I almost hyperventilated . `` Extraordinary beauty '' falls very short of what I saw . Whew ! She delivers a fine rendition of `` Stormy Weather `` Fats Waller co-king of stride piano along with the venerable James P Johnson , just tears up the screen . He was one of the truly great performers of the 20th century . I just sit in awe whenever I get to see him on film . Cab Calloway seemed to have more energy than the rest of his band and everyone in the room . Harnessing his energy might have lit an entire city . His band really puts out the sound.The biggest treat of the film comes when the Nicholas Brothers do a dance performance that is simply unbelievable . And when you think it might be over it just keeps going . They were light on their feet and beautifully physical . It was as if each brother possessed the talent of both Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly . At the end of the routine there was a lot of spontaneous applause , something I had never witnessed in a theater.Fayard and Harold Nicholas appeared in many `` Race Films '' and finally made it to the `` big Screen '' in a Gene Kelly film , `` The Pirate '' . They were good , but deferred to Kelly . They were not going to get a shot at the mainstream because the movie industry already had its ' stars and knew the brothers might well show them up . They went to Europe for many years , where the public flocked to see them . I think they returned to the States because of Harold 's health problems.The dedication of the National WWII Memorial in April , 2004 included a WWII reunion . People who had proudly served the USA came by the thousands . That also included USO performers . As you might suspect , blacks entertained only blacks and whites only whites . At the entertainment stage there were many USO films , which often included the Nicholas Brothers . AS I was watching , a Smithsonian escort was helping a small black man to a seat and somehow I recognized him as Fayard Nicholas . I went over and chatted with him for a while . It was one of the great moments in my life . I can now point to my right hand and say , `` Shook hands with both Fayard Nicholas and Ted Williams '' -LRB- note the order -RRB- . Go watch `` Stormy Weather '' and other films with the Nicholas Brothers and celebrate seeing two American Masters -- and Treasures .
 The 1943 Fox classic Stormy Weather introduced Lena Horne to the world and gave a wide range of delightful talent a chance to ` strut their stuff ' . The all-black cast delivers an incredible number of great numbers
 This movie gives a good incite on the state of affairs in the black world in that time period . Lena Horne , Cab Calloway , and Bill Robinson gave a wonderful performance and so did the supporting cast . I really enjoyed it . A black movie where the characters did n't have to curse and be vulgar to be recognized .
 If you want to see some of your favorite stars perform in this star studded musical extravaganza , then Stormy Weather is a best pick and a must classic for your library .
 To say it was made in the forties , I think that it is an excelent musical , and one of the better ones even if the story line is medioca . the music and thesongs are terrific . G.Jackson .
 Format
 Put together one of the most beautiful women of the 20th century , the two most stunning dancers ever seen on film , the wild , crazy antics of Cab Calloway , add some great jazz , a flimsy plot ... and you end up with one of the most undervalued musicals of all time.It just oozes class , style and sophistication - but do n't bother reading any more of this , just BUY IT !!!!
 How on earth can this movie be listed without Lena Horne as the star !!! Her face is the most prominent on the cover you show ! She is what makes the movie the classic that it has become !
 I reccommend this DVD to everyone who loves classic movies . I bought this movie as a gift for my mother for Mother 's Day . She was happy to add this movie to her collection .
 Bill `` Bojangles '' Robinson , Lena Horne , Cab Calloway , and Fats Waller . That line up alone is a historic line-up . This was a major accomplishment to bring this cast together in 1943 . A treat for the whole family .
 Absolutely wonderful video , my preschoolers love it and now go around playing Bibleman the hero , They shout out `` Word Power '' to fight bad guy . This is a great improvement from playing slash and shoot them-up . The price was great .
 I ca n't say I actually watched this movie . I bought it as a present for my Dad for Christmas this year . He was featured as an extra in the movie . At the time , he was stationed at RAF Mildenhall , UK in the U.S. Air Force . I was just a baby when this film was shot , so it was nice to find the part where he was featured , pause it , and look in awe that he was actually on screen !
 I FIND THAT GEORGE C. SCOTT PORTRAYED GENERAL PATTON EXCELLENTLY JUST AS IN THE ORIGINAL PATTON MOVIE.IN THIS MOVIE , GENERAL PATTON IS SHOWN EXACTLY AS HE WAS IN LIFE , SOMEONE WHO WANTED TO ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING , AND SOMEONE WHO BUCKED AUTHORITY NO MATTER WHAT THE COST TO HIM WAS.THE ONE THING IN THE MOVIE I FIND HARD TO BELIEVE HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE IS WHERE HE HAD HIS WIFE DEMONSTRATE AND DRIVE A TANK FOR HIS SUPERIORS.OTHER THAN THAT , I RATE THE MOVIE VERY HIGHLY .
 this movie is not a academy award winner , but documents the life after the war in germany , and general patton 's need tostill be a effective leader even with the buracey of post ar germany.this movie fill 's in the gap 's after the opriginal 1970movie . the dvd is a decent version , but needs to becleaned upa bit .
 Last Days of Patton , excelent film which I enjoy with my grandson.When someone order anything from Amazon , you can rest assure , everything is in top condition , the quality of this DVD , is superb.Thanks .
 George C. Scott is the only person who can play General George S. Patton . He truly made this role . While the first `` Patton '' film showed Patton the legend , it did not give us a chance to see Patton the man . `` The Last Days of Patton '' remedies this by showing us Patton with his wife and giving us glimpses of his childhood and his relationship with his father.It also completes the story of General Patton by starting right where the first film left off -LRB- the very end of World War II -RRB- . We once again get to see Patton 's trademark thinking for himself - regardless of what his superiors back in Washington might be saying . A perfect example
 Typical of George C. Scott he lives into the Patton character . You do however realise that this is not the same man who lead the 3rd Army into victory in Europe . He is tired and exhausted . One could relive the last days of agony in which Patton found himself during this terrible time in his life with Scott . An excellent performance . I would recommend this to anybody who is in the first place a fan of Scott and in the 2nd place a Patton fanatic . A must have for all who are interested in Biographies of WWII leaders .
 The film PATTON was one the greatest of all time about real legendary hero . This one about his last days wraps it all up and should remind us of the controversial circumstances surrounding his death . It is still a mystery .
 I remembered seeing this TV movie when it was shown way back when.It is a good movie that brings the closure not found in the great 1971 Academy award winning movie `` Patton '' . We have that one too!George C. Scott was really good playing the character of his lifetime in Patton . Whether you believe Patton to be good or bad , history did show he ultimately had the right ideas about a lot of what was happening in the world at the end of WWII .
 I purchased the streaming version of this TV Movie . Historally , it 's pretty accurate as TV Movies go . The problem is that the streaming from Amazon Instant Video is pretty choppy . There 's a studder about every two minutes or so that makes it pretty distracting . Amazon needs to work on the video of this movie . But for $ 3.95 , what can one expect .
 THE ORIGINAL PATTON MOVIE WAS A BETTER MOVIE , BUT THIS ONE IS WELL WORTH WATCHING . iT WAS ALMOST HISTORIC .
 I saw Last Days of Patton once on TV , I liked it a lot . So I decided to get it for DVD . I was not disapointed . Eva Marie Saint plays Patton 's wife , George C. Scott reprises his role of Patton . The movie takes place shortly after where Patton ends . There are flashback when Patton was young . There is even a scene when his wife is inside a tank . The last time I saw Eva Marie Saint in a movie was North By Northwest . I did not recognize her in Last Days of Patton . The movie is a TV movie . Last Days of Patton was a very good movie in my opinion . If you liked George C. Scott in Patton then you have got to see him in Last Days of Patton . The end is a little sad . P. Corti .
 George C. Scott completes his enterpretation of the Patton character in this second movie . In some ways , this tells more about the MAN than the famous first movie . It touches on his long running affair with his neice , and the interaction between this young woman and his wife as he lay dying after an auto accident . We see the man exposed , giving a more realistic view of the inner personality rather than the `` war face . '' While it is not a complete picture , it is a necessary viewing for individuals who want to know more about General Patton and those times .
 Personally , I 've always thought that Patton and Monty hated each other because they were too much alike . Excellent tacticians and very , very poor strategists . -LRB- Much like their personal hero Hannibal -RRB- . They did n't know how to `` use '' a victory and blamed each other for that fault . Eisenhower was , however , the ultimate strategist so , he kept them both in line -LRB- and then we won -RRB- . However , I 'm glad he died before he could start world war III . Monty , at least , did n't publicly state that he was dumb enough to do that . I think this movie , from what I 've read , is a fairly accurate portrayal . I do n't think Mr. `` our blood , his guts '' would have been a very good thing for the post war world .
 History & military enthusiasts will enjoy this film . However , the recreation of Patton 's car &#34; accident &#34; does not match up with the facts known about the actual events and &#34; accident &#34; scene . Recent evidence and witness testimony suggests the car crash was a pre-meditated act to assassinate Patton and that a major cover-up of the potential crime scene occurred after the event . The truth behind Patton 's demise remains to be fully told and this film leaves out some of those facts . Patton 's legacy deserves better .
 I downloaded this movie from Amazon for my husband who is a big Patton fan . I figured this movie would brighten him . I watched the movie this morning.The acting is superb , as is expected from the cast , and the first hour is full of suspense and build-up . We see the tension between Eisenhower and Patton , we see Patton 's respect for the German prisoners , and we learn about Patton 's distaste for the Russians . But did Eisenhower want to hear that ? No , he instead `` transferred '' him to a `` paper Army '' -LRB- Patton 's words -RRB- where we see his depression start to mount.The accident happens in the second hour , but the last 90 minutes drag and drag . The last 90 minutes we see Patton slowly fading in mind and body as he lays in his hospital bed . Gone are his wit and acuteness . All the viewer has now is the dialogue of the supporting actors , which is dull at best . The end finale then comes abruptly as he dies and the camera lights fade and zoom out from his bed.As for production and connectivity , my download connection rated `` poor '' to `` good '' for most of the viewing , showing one to two bars under the `` connection '' meter . Four bars is best . Sometimes the movie froze while the connection reconnected . But the poor connection did not hamper my viewing of this downloaded movie . I paid for this download what I pay in town for a week-long movie rental , so I am satisfied .
 George C. Scott reprises his role as Patton in the 2nd part of the movie `` Patton '' It picks up where the movie left off , with the end of WWII to the tragic car accident that left Patton paralyzed . Eva Marie Saint climbs aboard as Mrs. Patton . Beautifully done !
 Where/How can I purchase a copy of this VHS video film in the UK for use in the UK?Your assistance would be appreciated .
 Actor George C. Scott delivers an encore performance of his most famous character
 George C. Scott returns as George S. Patton in this sequal to Patton . The movie starts after World War II and shows how he could not adjust to his peacetime role as military governor of Bavaria . Then he gets in more trouble when he lobbies for war against the Soviet Union and gets stripped of his command . And their is the mystery surrounding Patton 's death.George C. Scott does a great job in his portrayal of one of the great military leaders of the 20th century . I think it is a good buy for people who like Patton or who like movies dealing with World War II .
 Anyone wanting to see `` Patton '' Part II in this film will be very disappointed ; the films are different in pacing , outlook , and genre , and it is to George C. Scott 's credit that he could portray both parts with equal skill , and perhaps this one was the hardest , to keep our interest -LRB- and I found it to be a fascinating film -RRB- while lying paralyzed in bed.In the 1970 `` Patton '' , the general was in his prime and at his best , with a sense of purpose ... once the war was won , his reason for living came to an end , and he could not handle the political aspects of `` winning the peace '' , with the constant pressure of having to present the `` politically correct '' stance towards the media ; in many ways this is a timely film to watch , as the reconstruction phase of Germany was similar to present day Iraq , with chaos and some of the former regime clinging on to remnants of power , and a media bent on finding fault with the process.After a tragic car accident , in which General Patton was paralyzed from the neck down , it was a matter of waiting out the final hours . The script by William Luce is poignant and often poetic , and the acting by the entire cast excellent . The two women in his life are played with sensitivity , his wife by Eva Marie Saint , and mistress by Kathryn Leigh Scott . Many scenes are recalled from his youth in flashback -LRB- Ron Berglas plays the young Lt. Patton -RRB- , some of it quite touching.Others of note in the cast are Murray Hamilton as his good friend Gen. `` Hap '' Gay , Ed Lauter as Dr. Lt. Col. Paul Hill , and Richard Dysart as Gen. Eisenhower.Filmed on location in England -LRB- the countryside shots are lovely -RRB- , and directed for television by Delbert Mann , this is a serious film on a serious subject , and one many of us have been faced with , whether with an ailing parent , or the eventuality of our own passing . General Patton confronted his destiny with courage , and the love of a patient , strong woman , and said `` dying has always intrigued me ... I 'm not afraid , only curious '' . This is way above average TV fare , with a brilliant performance by Scott , and total running time is 146 minutes .
 The `` must have '' companion to `` Patton . '' George C. Scott reprises his role with the same insight and depth of portrayal that won him the Oscar for `` Patton . '' The DVD version is excellent , and arrived exactly when promised .
 I enjoyed learning about the ending of Patton the man . Not as fast paced as Patton but really entertaining . We feel pitty for this warrior of a man in his unfortunate condition . I enjoyed the emotions drawn from his desire to remain the leader in charge , of a situation which he has no control . You 'll enjoy this ending saga of a leader who will be a forever part of world history .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen . If you are a war fan you have to see it . It has a very sad ending thought . Buy it .
 After watching the first movie about Gen. Patton called PATTON , I began to read war stories about his exploits in licking the jackboot clicking Hitler and his Nazi army . General George S. Patton was every inch a soldier , too bad he did n't lived long enough to fight and subdue the muderous Jap invaders in the Pacific ... ! I also read the book , The Last Days of Patton and had watched this minseries on TV . I owned a video . Now I 'd just ordered the DVD version . The actor , George C. Scott , appeared tough , profane , aggressive but compassionate - a good and worthy counter part of Patton ! However , Scott refused the Oscar for his role in Patton . It was sad that Gen. Patton had to die in this manner - not by the last bullet but by a seemingly foolish accident . Or was it a conspiracy to get rid of this brave and outspoken general , since he could n't get along with Eisenhower and his hatchet man - Beetle ... ? Like the movie , Patton , the Last Days of Patton , made initially for TV , remains a classic and ought to be on the shelf of all discriminate viewers . Thanks and happy viewing ...
 Ladislas Farago wrote the definitive biography of General George S. Patton back in the 70 's ... . which was the book upon which the film with George C. Scott was based . Even though Patton is a little older , fatter and wiser in this film , it still coveys the historical accuracy of the general 's final days . Scott 's portrayal of Patton has lost none of its personality and deserves its rightful place as volume two of the Patton story .
 BALONEYI 'm glad the overall rating for this film is 4 stars . I say , Baloney , to the nitpickers . This is a very , very fine film that treats both the facts and the book upon which this film is based with accuracy and sensitivity . There 's nothing wrong with the long final scene with Patton talking non-stop while lying in a hospital bed . In some ways , that is more about the true Patton than the image of him barking out orders . This death scene , in my view , is an achievement in biographical film making . True , some facts in the film were softened , such as Ike 's chastisements of Patton , turning the final interview into an austere reprimand rather than the catalysimic destruction of a friendship that it was . And Patton was secretly under observation for signs of psychopathology -LRB- good thing our Civil War generals did n't live in the 20th Century ! -RRB- And Patton was a lot more disgusted with the European Jews -- and a lot chummier with the German Regular Army officers , than depicted in the film , but these facts are suggested in the film . And I feel that all of this is okay . Generally speaking , this genre is watched by history buffs , anyway , and we can fill in the blanks . We should all know by now that there 's only so much you can do with a two-hour movie . I 'll never forget the scene of Patton 's wife in a powder blue dress and floppy hat test-driving a prototype tank in front of the mossback Cavalry Generals . By the way , Scott was 42 years old when he performed in the original PATTON . General Patton himself was between ages 59 to 60 during WW2 . In this present film , Scott is the same age as Patton was . Good film . Well done .
 An excellent up-close account of the last days of Gen Patton . Gives one a different view , especially useful when being portrayed by the same actor that portrayed Patton in the original motion picture .
 A performance even George C Scott was proud of.Reprising the roll of Patton , showing the human side ofa General who was both idolized and demonized for hiscontributions to beating Nazi Germany .
 I felt this movie was every bit as terrific as Patton was . I was so pleased George C Scott played the part again as it added continuity to the movie.Besides I ca n't think of any other actor that could have done such a brilliant job .
 If you liked Patton , then you will need to get this DVD to show how his remarkable life ended . A great addition to your WWII collection .
 The Last Days of Patton depict the life of George S. Patton from the end of the war and his appointment as military governor of Bavaria through his death from complications following a car accident in December 1945 . Patton is one of the most polarizing military figures , and George C Scott does an admirable job reprising the role that won him an Oscar in 1970 . However , the film is no where near as epic as the original film , and George C. Scott does n't seem to have the fire , or the convincing acting , that made thr first film great . Having said that , the film explores a part of Patton 's life that is rarely discussed , and really humanizes the man that was deified in the original film . Worth a watch .
 I gave it five stars for the touching performance by George C. Scott , reprising his role as General Patton.Alas , one can guess the source of this DVD . A VHS tape.I already owned the original Fox VHS tape , which I will continue to keep.Yet , in quality , both are equivalent , neither worse , nor better.The only minus lies in the fact that the DVD sports an evident superimposed logo on one corner of the image.But this is not disturbing , since it is halfway transparent.Yet they could have done without it.So , back to the contents of this made-for-TV movie.First of all , it comes in its original full content version , running slightly over three hours long.The acting is fair for this kind of movie.Names such as Murray Hamilton , Eva Marie Saint and Daniel Benzali -LRB- in one of his earliest appearances -RRB- , giveyou an idea of the caliber of actors involved.As the title states , this is a more or less faithful account of the last days of Patton , involving him as theMilitary Governor of occupied Bavaria and his relations and conflicts with General Eisenhower , which encompassesthe first half of the movie , to the tragic car accident that caused him to break his neck and surviving it fora while -LRB- the second part of the movie -RRB- . We are also introduced into some flashbacks on Patton 's earlier military career and his struggles to transforma static Army , into a rolling and moving Force.We get to see some of his romantic life and finally , is ultimate battle with Death itself.He died a hero and consequent to what he believed in.It is a very touching and moving picture of a very controversial historic figure , but despite all his humanfrailties this big hulk of a man demonstrates that one can keep his dignity even to the end.He was a fighter , beloved and perhaps even hated by those who knew him personally , but at least he was one manwho helped move things along in a time where many were too scared to act.He was a leader , he was a war philosopher , a classic hero , like those he worshiped from Ancient History , andtherefore he may be considered sitting in the Pantheon of these peers of his.This movie is a worthy complement to `` Patton '' . If only 20th Century-Fox would care to pick it up again , restore its original filmed material , digitalize itand transfer it cleanly on DVD , they would have the appreciation of many who did appreciate and love the workdone on the transfer of `` Patton '' . Only time will tell , but I am sure , one day , someone may wake up and smell the coffee ... In the meantime , I can recommend this as an interim to that next version.As said , it is not worse , nor better than its VHS counterpart , but being this a DVD , brings a more durable platformto it.To me it is a worthy investment , if just as a historic documentation ...
 I found this debate to be engaging . Both opponents give excellent and compelling arguments . I would recommend this DVD to all who love a good debate .
 I love : -- The 1950s -- Movies that are so bad that they 're good -- Teenage monsters that are 14 years older than their mothers -- Boston Cream PieI did n't have any Boston Cream Pie during the movie so I took away one star -- otherwise I have to say it 's one of the best Teenage Monster films EVER !
 This is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen but then again , I have a warped sense of humor . The monster 's name is Charles and when I first watched the movie , I could n't understand a word he said . Several viewings later -LRB- it 's addictive , ok ? -RRB- I begin to understand clearly what Charles was saying.One night , after he slaughtered an entire herd of cows , his mother asked him what he had to say for himself . Charles answers , `` Sorry . '' It was the single , funniest word that I 've ever heard in a movie . Totally ridiculous.While this movie is n't for everyone , if you have a warped sense of humor , it just may be the at-home movie ticket for you .
 This Naruto dvd is the best one to come out so far . In the past naruto Shippuden dvds you seen kakashi and Naruto fight Itachi which was cool . you seen Guy Sensei vs kisame which was epic but this fight will blow those away . Naruto vs Orochimaru . If you ever watch the old episodes of Naruto you 'll know that they fought before and naruto lost . but this time Naruto is way stonger than before and orochimaru isnt which means its payback time and if orochimaru dosent tell him were Sasuke is he 's going to beat him silly.Naruto 's team better stay back you can see on the cover that Naruto isnt messing around . the next dvd will keep you going , thanks
 From the moment 4 tailed Naruto fought orochimaru in the seris i was on the edge of my seat , i was thinking to myself that this is just another reason to love this show . thank you for the dvd .
 I loved it !!!! Simular to the American counterpart ; different names etc. . Stuart = Brian ; Vince = Michael , Nathan = Justin . Stewart is much darker and sinister than Brian ; even going as far as blowing up a car ; -LRB- I loved that scene -RRB- and confronting his relative who is trying to blackmail him . Its a bit difficult understanding the British lingo at times but if you watch foreign films you come to expect this . Nathan is 16 and as cute as Justin , has a face to face confrontation with his instructor in a prep school over his sexuality that truely has to be seen to be appreciated . The American version has more of a plot to it but , British version has more intense scenes which I enjoyed . A good film to have in your collection and I plan to purchase all of the British versions of QAF .
 I just started watching Queer as Folk a few months ago and I 'm hooked . I think Gale Harold is one of the sexiest men I 've ever seen . Hal Sparks is also a cutey and the guy who plays Emmett is adorable . This show is so choice . If you have the means I highly recommend picking up the video .
 this video is da bomb . i am a girl and i think gale harold is hot . you have to buy the video .
 This is the best and most faithful depiction of gay characters you will ever see on television , full stop -LRB- to use the Brit 's slang from the film -RRB- . Writer Russell T Davies knows the gay life and how to express it in a very unpolitical way . Russell got it right in his writing . The actors , directors , editors , sound , etc. hit the mark to make a glossy , polished TV show.Forget the stretch it to the limit , superficial , they-missed-the-entire-point American Showtime version ; this is the real deal . Do n't get me wrong , the Showtime version is good , -LRB- I love Debbie -LRB- Sharon Gless -RRB- -RRB- but it has much more violence , with more sex and moves at a dull pace when you put it up against the British version.Gay or straight , if you 're not infuriated , saddened , moved or provoked by this show , you 'd better check and see if you have assumed room temperature.I found added insight to the series when I read the scripts -LRB- amazon.uk -RRB- and viewed the documentary `` The Boys of Manchester '' on VHS tape.Series 2 , the finial episode is somewhat darker then the first series and the ending , WOW what an ending . You got to see it for yourself . Best money I ever spent . I 'll be watching these DVD disks for years . -LRB- This text refers to the widescreen version series 1 & 2 from the UK . -RRB-
 I found myself holding my breath at times during this final part of the series . The story line is bold , quite disturbing at times , even alarming . It 's not happily ever after . But I LOVED IT . I could n't believe how exciting it was . It 's not what you expect . If you want a gushy love story , go back and read Gordon Merrick . This , however , may shake you up a bit .
 This was truly a ground-breaking series . The frank portrayal of gay life -LRB- albeit controversial -RRB- set a precedent for the acceptance of gay people in more mainstream media . It paved the way for the American series , which is less artistic than the British and more a la Days of Our Lives , yet still entertaining . The acting in this series is superb , and the casting is realistic . It is n't like in American movies where everyone looks artificial . It is definately worth the price .
 Good snowy day tv . Think gay sex in the city . In England . Much better than the us version . Wish there were more episodes .
 Having seen the US version , I was curious to seethe British version -LRB- which I understand was first -RRB- Interestingly , the US version chose not to retainany of the character names , and their characteristicsare generally different . I liked it .
 This set really does n't feature any episodes of the original `` Queer as Folk '' , but instead is a ninety minute movie that serves as the series ' finale . Without giving away any of the plot for those who have not seen it yet , we see how our beloved characters Stuart , Vince , and Nathan one last time as their stories unwind . I have to admit although this show only ran for ten episodes I was saddened by its abrupt demise ; even the American version managed to produce 83 episodes so I have often wondered why Russell T. Davies -LRB- the creator -RRB- refused to make more `` Queer as Folk '' . Still , if you own the first set of `` Queer as Folk '' you have to purchase this one as it 's the companion to the series.The good news too is if you do n't want to shell out the huge bucks for both `` Queer as Folk '' DVD sets the studio that owns it is releasing the entire series in one complete package during the summer of 2011 so that is wonderful news for consumers . I also have to add if you have n't watched the American `` Queer as Folk '' please do ; to me it 's just as good as the original and ran five complete seasons and all are available on individual box sets or in one complete package .
 You have to be British to imagine such a soap opera , what do I say , A Coronation Street centered on gay people moved from the London East End to Manchester 's Canal Street . But at a time when the Germans in Berlin are inaugurating a monument in honor of the pink triangles of the Nazi concentration camps , it feels good somewhere in your heart or soul . Are we finally opening the doors of all our cabinets and letting them come out and live just like anyone else ? Are we finally starting the real aggiornamento that will bring everyone out and equal on the same main street , on the same bulwark to freedom , a destination that will always be a destination because there will always be some more freedom to conquer , some more way to go . But this series has gone a long way indeed . But the best part of it is how the series shows all the warped visions of the world , and there are many , the various generations of gay people , and there too there are many with many shades and hues , have grown , cultivated , bred and even amplified into some kind of both forbidding and apocalyptic myth , one of these misty myth some consider the acme of truth like the a *** being for s *** , forgetting that the p *** must also be for p *** and the mouth for spit . The whole palette of gay bashing individuals is exposed though most of the time in passing notes , except at the end when 15 year old Nathan has the courage to expose a straight high school tourist who has come with his girl friend to that gay bar though he spends his time at school bashing the boys that are weaker than him and look slightly different from him , which is easy since he is a bigot . At the same time the series shows how having been forced to remain clandestine for so long , these young or not so young gay men have become unable to accept the simplest human relation that has ever existed between two or even more than two individuals , love , the famous libido , that attraction for the other , that appeal that only looks for tenderness and togetherness . And there the distortions are numerous
 I thought this was an excellent follow up to the first series . Sure , it was a little outlandish at the end -LRB- the Thelma and Louise feel to it was amusing -RRB- , but the characters are so endearing , complicated , sympathetic , and appealing that I still enjoyed every minute of it . I was disappointed and incredulous that there was only one disk in the box , as I expected to get another four episodes out of `` Series 2 '' -- sadly , it was just one movie . But it did wrap up a lot of the strands from the first series , and I felt satisfied by the weird ending . For fans of the first series , I think it is well worth watching . -LRB- If you were n't a fan already , there 's no point . -RRB- I prefer this series to the American version any day of the week -- but then , I am generally a fan of British film and TV , and I generally hate American TV . So there 's my bias . Also , I watched the British version first , so I was already digging the Brits before I started watching the American series . Brian and Michael were doomed from the start for me -- they just ca n't measure up to Stuart and Vince , in my book .
 There are two reviews for a collection of music videos , with discussions of the quality of the break dancing , attached to this movie of the Edgar Allen Poe story which has Donald Pleasance . Does n't anyone ever read the reviews before they are attached to the items ??
 I am a big fan of Usher 's , so when I saw his `` My Way '' video I just went crazy.He seems so different from when you see him on t.v. from when you see him in person which I have because he seems like a sweet and calm person when you really see him.But , on t.v. he 's really into what he is doing , he looks oh so good on t.v. and in person as well.I think that Paul Hunter did a great job directing the video.I think that it was a great idea for them to let Tyrese be a part of that video , he does pretty well in his own music videos as well.Usher had good looking dancers and great dance moves in the video.When I saw the clothes that they all were wearing in the video I started to laugh because I have never seen anyone come up with something like that , I mean they were wearing clothes that you would n't see anyone else wear in their music videos.Also I thought that the stunts were so good.You when they were battleing and Usher jumped and did the forward roll and started break dancing.Some people say that that is n't Usher doing the break dancing , but I know that it is Usher because everything that Usher does and says is real because I believe in him .
 Only You is one of those movies that you will love or just like . Personally , I love it . Although not among Helen Hunts best work , it 's still pretty good . Light and humorous is probably the best way to describe it . It 's the kind of movie that you can just sit down and enjoy without having to think about it , and believe me you will enjoy it .
 There is of course one other movie entitled Only You which starred the present Jail Bird Robert Downey Jr. . And contrary to popular belief , mainly Leonard Maltin 's , this is the one and only `` only You '' for me .
 but not Andrew McCarthy 's best work . Still , I enjoy Andrew in just about anything . If you want a relaxing movie where you do n't have to think too much to figure out the plot , this is for you .
 I really enjoyed this movie . Looks are not everything and love can be found anywhere . This is a movie that you will enjoy just as much the second time .
 When it gets to the Chirstmas time , this would be a great video for kids 5 and under to watch . This video staring Darkwing Duck and Goofy tells the real meaning of Christmas . Goofy 's son , Max , wants to do something new for Chirstmas other than his dad 's silly Christmas tranditions . But later he finds that tranditions can be memories to treasure . Then in the next short , Darkwing 's daughter , Gosalyn , learns that it is better to give than receive while Darkwing Duck has to save Chrismas from Christmas trees that can move . This movie will make a great present for Christmas
 I would like to know why this is called Happy Hoildays from Darkwing Duck and Goofy , when the only hoilday done in decmber is Christmas in this video . The shows titles from Darkwing Duck and Goofy are Have a Goofy little Christmas and It 's a wonderful leaf . Have a Goofy little Christmas is the story of Goofy 's son Max who is tired of doing hte same trations every year and Goofy 's trations anger his next door neighbor Pete . So Pete has his family go to Colordo to spend Christmas . So Max talks Goofy into a trip to Colordo . And Goofy does n't know that he is about to reunite with his grouchy next door neighboor Pete.It 's a wonderful leaf , okay know for the Darkwing Duck part of this video . Darkwing Duck 's daughter ca n't wait to open her Christmas presents . But Darkwing wo n't let her open one until Christmas Day . But when a grinch wanna-be has Christmas trees starting to ruin Chirstmas . It 's up to Darkwing to save Chirstmas . How do you keep Max and P.J. apart ? Accordign to this video you ca n't .
 This Damiano Damiani policier seems to fly beneath the radar of critical attention . It does n't say anything new really , but it says it a very stylish way . The duel of wits between Franco Nero 's straight-arrow -LRB- and slightly priggish -RRB- prosecutor and Martin Balsam 's fed-up cop is entertainly presented , and although the denouement is predictable , it really could n't happen any other way . Marilu Tolo also does a nice job as a reluctant witness who scared to death for very good reasons . `` Confessions of a Police Captain '' is no masterpiece , but it 's the sort of solid workman-like entry that makes the study of film genres so very entertaining .
 Great Euro-Thriller with Martin Balsam in fine form as Captain Bonavira and ever reliable Franco Nero as District Attorney Traini , fighting local corruption with different methods . Great script by the film 's director , Damiano Damiani and Salvatore Laurani . Music supplied by Riz Ortolani.This Brentwood Home Video , DVD version is presented in 4:3 pan & scan . Picture quality and soundtrack are both fair to good , but a film this good deserves to be released in it 's original technoscope ratio.In all , a really good purchase at a good price .
 This film continues to permeate my mind , eleven years afer the first time I had the honor to see it , in its full glory , in the movie theater . This very important story is a character study of the role of the young wife in the culture of Satyajit Ray 's Bengali-speaking society . -LRB- I wish I could say what region of India this film was specific to . There is such a diversity of cultures in India , it would be unfair to generalize this role , in saying that this is the image that the entire nation has of Indian wives , and their responsiblity to their husband , as well as to the hearth . -RRB- Doyamoyee -LRB- Sharmila Tagore -RRB- is the beautiful , seventeen year old bride of Umaprasad -LRB- Soumitra Chatterjee -RRB- . When Umaprasad must go away for an extended period of time , Doyamoyee is left to stay with his family -- that includes his father , Kalikinkar -LRB- Chhabi Biswas -RRB- . A prophetic vision comes to Kalikinkar , while he is dreaming . He sees Doyamoyee as the healing goddess , Kali . Once that imagery lingers in his mind , he is convinced that she has been annointed as the second coming of the goddess , and has the power to heal the sick in their community . That said , she is made to sit on an alter , day in and day out , and perform healing rituals for the afflicted . Umaprasad arrives home , to discover , this , and is more than skeptical.This is a cautionary tale at how far visions will drive people , to realize -- quite literally , in this case -- their dreams . Ray poses this important point , through beautiful storytelling -LRB- through his use of cinematography , direction and wonderful acting -RRB- . They really need to re-release in the theaters . Satyajit Ray is one of the most important directors of all time , in my opinion . The newer generation needs to see his films , to fully appreciate his artistic genius , as a storyteller and filmmaker . This is a great introduction ... Also reccomended
 -LRB- Spoiler Warning ! -RRB- The title of this review is a line lifted directly from the Doyle novel , and when it is spoken by Ian Richardson in the film , as he stands in his Inverness cape lighting a cigar , you are no longer aware of your surroundings , and you somehow manage to escape into this world of mystery of horror which is exposed quite beautifully in this T.V. adaptation from the early '80s . Being a tremendous fan of Holmes and having enjoyed a number of the other `` Hound '' adaptations -LRB- 1939 , 1959 , 1988 and even the 2002 version -RRB- , I felt as though I was missing a part of Holmes history by failing to see the two Ian Richardson television movies.For starters , like every `` Hound '' adaptation , the screenwriter wishes to do something a bit different . The changes from Doyle 's novel are many in this adaptation . Perhaps the biggest diversion from the plot is creating the role of Geoffrey Lyons , the artist husband of Laura Lyons who is only mentioned in passing in Doyle 's original . Brian Blessed does an admirable job with thew role , and it is his character who when Laura Lyons is murdered , is suspected of the murder . Now , to many Doyle purists this added plot line may be extremely taboo and unwarranted . I am certainly a Holmes purist myself , however unlike the plot diversions in the 2002 film , these did n't seem to bother me . With this new murder , it allows Richardson not only more to do as Holmes , but adds intrigue . By this point in the Doyle novel , we are already privy to the identity of the murderer . Another change to the story , but one which adds a bit of excitement is the murderer 's attempt on Sir Henry Baskerville 's life in London.As the casting , Ian Richardson shines as Holmes , even through the changes to the plot . Richardson falls in between Basil Rathbone and Jeremy Brett in terms of his performance , and he resembles the character extremely well . Donald Churchill on the other hand as Watson draws inspiration certainly from Nigel Bruce , mumbling his lines as though he had a mouth full of cotton . He does not fail in the role , but he is not the best Watson ever put on screen . Denholm Elliot and Glynis Barber both do good jobs as Dr. Mortimer and Beryl Stapleton respectfully and Martin Shaw is quite good as Sir Henry Baskerville -LRB- even if he does parade around in a cowboy hat while in London -RRB- . Connie Booth and Ronald Lacey , although relegated to smaller roles are both good as Laura Lyons and Inspector Lestrade . `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is an enjoyable way to spend an hour and forty minutes . With an impressive cast headed by one of the best Sherlock Holmes actors , and a driving musical score , the movie is very enjoyable .
 First , of the 6 ` hounds ' I have on DVD , this is the only one that seriously attempts to remain true to the novel . Yes , Hickok brings in the character of Lyons -LRB- Brian Blessed -RRB- , the husband , who appears only by reference in the novel . But that character is not only interesting , but consistent with Conan Doyle 's intent . Churchill is not the most interesting Watson -LRB- there are Burke and Hardwicke , of course -RRB- but he had played Watson on BBC in many of the short stories , and he is consistent and believable . In particular , his reaction to being tricked by Holmes is very believable . Richardson , who many might think too acidulous for the role , turns in a stellar performance , unfortunately limited by the nature of the novel -LRB- as all Holmes ' fans know , this story was not intended originally for Sherlock Holmes ; that is why he appears so little -RRB- . Of the two Holmes films Richardson made , this is the one to have . Martin Shaw as Sir Henry is brilliant , not so much in himself , as by reference to all the nincompoops who have been cast in the role -LRB- including the BBC Jeremy Brett film -RRB- . The minor roles -LRB- Denholm Elliott , Connie Booth , Nicholas Clay -- known to most Holmes ' fanciers as the doctor in ` resident patient ' , and , above all , Ronald Lacey as Lestrade -RRB- are very , very well-taken . So it is all great ? Does it really deserve 5 stars?There are two ` semi-obligatory musical interludes ' -LRB- as Ebert used to say -RRB- , not long , and not in slow-mo but still oppressive -LRB- the first meeting of Stapleton 's wife-sister and Sir Henry , the second with Sir Henry , Beryl , and the ` Gypsy ' -RRB- . Perhaps one or two other times , the music becomes pre-adolescent . Color photography does not do Conan Doyle any favors , but I become use to it as I watch . And , actually , the color is handled very well -LRB- this is not a Hammer production -RRB- . The budget is not huge , but the art direction succeeds very well.Not perfect then ? Did you expect it to be ? No , it does not resolve the problems raised by the novel -LRB- Beryl Stapleton -- villain , accomplice , victim ? , Dr Mortimer -- dupe or accomplice ? -RRB- . Is it better than any other ` hound ' on DVD ? Yes , indeed . And , no , it does not quite deserve 5 stars , but when I am confronted with critics who disparage without regard for art or reality , I must try to balance the books .
 I first watched this film when I was little and it scared me to bits ! -LRB- Especially the scene where the great glowing dog comes running onto the cliff and pushes Selden off -RRB- . Ever since , I have wanted to reconnect with this film because of the darker and more gothic take it employed.However , when I did acquire it , and watch it again -LRB- after I had read the novel -RRB- , I was disappointed to see that there some major differences between novel and film . Not a complete disappointment however , as some of these differences actually compliment the much darker approach to the movie . For instance , in the book we learn at the end that Mortimer 's spaniel has been killed by the hound . In the movie , this is something we actually see happening , likewise with Stapleton falling into the mire . However , one change I did not really agree with was the omission of Mr. Frankland from the film . -LRB- In the novel , he is Laura Lyons ' father -RRB- . This character is instead replaced by Jeffrey Lyons , Laura 's husband , played by Brian Blessed . In the novel , Jeffrey only received a brief mention . However , one might find redemption in the fact that Blessed does portray his character convincingly.Another note -LRB- literally -RRB- is the score composed by Michael Lewis , beginning with a subtle opening title that seemed to share a typical `` Holmesy '' characteristic of the time , leading into the more sinister trumpet motive heard before the hound has a go at poor Sir Charles . But other scenes , such as the Selden death scene and the first attempt on Sir Henry 's life , also boast a complimentary musical narrative that keeps the tension going.But the depiction of the hound itself is what truly takes the cake . It comes across as more menacing with each entry , and this suits the story perfectly . Although one would have to be careful while doing this , that it does not turn the Hound of the Baskervilles into simply another creature feature . Thankfully , this film avoids that particular trap , and brings the story to life in a more menacing tone than some of its previous remakes , and definitely the ones after . I do not believe my money was wasted , for as Holmes says so eloquently
 I think of all the HOUNDS I own , this one is cinematically the best . Of course it is not really fair to compare a film made in 1939 -LRB- Rathbone -RRB- with one made 40 + years later . So this film must be evaluated on its own merits.Richardson is a terrific Holmes and it is disappointing that he only made one other film from Doyle 's `` canon '' . To purists of Doyle , be warned that the script introduces a few character not found in the original but they only add to the story-line . And yes , Dr Watson is not played as sharp as say , Hardwicke 's characterization -LRB- in the Granada series -RRB- but overall he is entertaining.The highest marks for this film go for production values , direction , and cinematography . All are superb.Recommended for collectors of Holmes films
 I highly recommend this 1983 version of the Sherlock Holmes mystery . Richardson suits the role of Holmes very well , bringing a confidence and intellectual flare to solving the case.I ca n't be critical of much in this movie . I enjoyed it immensely on vhs and now , again , on dvd . It 's well acted , well scripted , and well produced . I think Ian Richardson is my favourite Sherlock Holmes - although I do n't think he played the role as many times as other actors . Again , he brings such confidence in his ability , that as a viewer you do n't really think he 's not going to solve the mystery.Thumbs up . Enjoy .
 With the exception of the cheesy merry-go-round dog attack at the beginning of this TV movie , this version of `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is superb . Ian Richardson plays Holmes with a flair that matches the great Jeremy Brett . It 's a shame that Richardson 's Holmes is only captured in one other occasion on film . -LRB- `` The Sign of Four '' -RRB- In contrast , it 's also a shame that `` Hound '' is probably the most screen adapted literary work ever -LRB- there are at least 10 films -RRB- but there is no perfect definitive version . This is probably as close as we 're going to get . This film , made in 1983 , far outshines the 2000 BBC version with its horrid CGI dog and a Watson who is likely computer generated as well . Fans of the Jeremy Brett film may be surprised at the stellar cast of this one , featuring Denholm Elliott -LRB- `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' -RRB- , Eleanor Bron -LRB- `` The House of Mirth '' -RRB- , Connie Booth -LRB- `` Monty Python '' -RRB- , and noted actor Brian Blessed -LRB- you 'll know him when you see him if you do n't already -RRB- . The film also features Ronald Lacey as probably the best Inspector Lestrade ever . -LRB- Lacey was also in `` Raiders '' and the Jeremy Brett version of `` The Sign of Four '' . -RRB- Martin Shaw 's spin as the Texan Sir Henry Baskerville surprisingly turns out to be more pleasant than not.At times the film is on the gritty side . The scene with Sir Hugo chasing his servant 's daughter for that evening 's recreational rape is darker than one would expect , but precisely where it needs to be cinematically . When you consider realism , this `` Hound '' is unequalled.Fans of Ian Richardson should also check him out in `` Murder Rooms '' , a BBC series where he plays Dr. Joseph Bell - a real Victorian doctor universally recognized as Arthur Conan Doyle 's inspiration for the Sherlock Holmes character .
 This 1983 version of the Hound , with Ian Richardson as Sherlock Holmes , has rarely received the accolades it so richly deserves . While not the most faithful adaptation of the Conan Doyle classic , it is nevertheless sumptuously atmospheric . It features a truly menacing hound that more closely approximates the horror elicited by the novel 's original than the veritable slew of disappointing hounds from several other film versions , the obvious exception being the equally terrifying Basil Rathbone hound . This TV movie 's strengths stem from a variety of sources . First of all , Michael Lewis 's engaging , memorable film score is exquisitely dynamic and resonates with excitement . Secondly , the production 's choice of authentic Devonshire locales for outdoor filming , and effective use of sound stages to evoke the melancholy and dreary mystique of the moors at nighttime , imbues this stylish version with an appropriately gothic flavor . It stunningly depicts the eerie essence of the Grimpen Mire , replete with its miasma of swirling , amorphous ground mist , and compellingly involves the viewer in the visual ambience of its surroundings . The film 's denouement , as Holmes pursues his villainous quarry through the mire 's impenetrable sea of fog , is masterfully photographed and provides a highly dramatic and satisfying catharsis to an enjoyable film.This is not to discount the film 's few shortcomings . Certainly Richardson 's Holmes , invariably prone to overtly amiable behavior , deviates from the disconcerting arrogance and brooding demeanor so brilliantly and faithfully rendered by Peter Cushing and Jeremy Brett . This is not to negate Richardson 's charismatic and magnetic presence , however , and he is a pleasure to watch . -LRB- Recently , he compellingly played Dr. Joseph Bell , the real-life inspiration for Sherlock Holmes , in an equally atmospheric mystery series broadcast on Public Television -RRB- . However , his Holmes portrayal remains somewhat revisionist . Furthermore , Donald Churchill 's slightly bumbling rendition of Dr. Watson is too much of a frustrating throwback to Nigel Bruce 's comedic and dim-witted depiction of the much maligned-doctor in the classic Basil Rathbone films of the 1940s . As Watson 's character , for once , takes center stage in the Hound , casting for this role is more imperatively crucial than for Holmes . Among the most convincing and enjoyable Watsons from productions past included the more cerebral Andre Morell from the 1959 Hammer film and the equally astute and somber Edward Hardwicke from the 1987 Jeremy Brett version . However , that said , this stylish production deserves unstinting praise for the masterful way in which it skillfully reproduces the macabre spirit of the classic novel .
 This is certainly the best version of this classic tale that I 've seen . Ian Richardson is superb as Holmes and the other characters are well-acted and believable . There is also some hauntingly good dialogue and an unforgettable soundtrack which adds to the wonderful atmosphere .
 Yes , this is clearly the finest ` Hound ' available -- I 've seen them all many times . I first viewed this movie on either HBO or Cinemax back in the early 80s and had searched for a copy ever since . I finally got my hands on the DVD last year and now I watch it over and over . Even my brother , a certified Rathbone purist who wo n't watch the late , great Jeremy Brett for a moment , loves this one.For the uninitiated , the story is about an old family curse , originally perpetuated upon one very evil Sir Hugo Baskerville , who was ultimately slaughtered on the moor by a gigantic hound with glowing eyes . Subsequent to that day , the Baskervilles had always feared the moor where the legendary hound roamed at will , lusting for more Baskerville blood . When Sir Charles Baskerville , the most recent Laird of the Manor , appears to have died as a result of an encounter with the hound , Sherlock Holmes is called in by a family friend -LRB- Dr. Mortimer -RRB- , in an effort to protect the young American heir to the estate , Sir Henry Baskerville.After being shot at in London -LRB- saved by Holmes ' quick action ! -RRB- and otherwise warned to stay clear of the estate , Sir Henry boldly takes on the implied challenge and heads for the moor , but only Watson can go along to protect him because Holmes is otherwise occupied with another important case.Watson and Sir Henry have some close calls and there is the secondary danger of an escaped heinous convict loosed upon the moor . A nasty , vengeful artist , a dour pair of domestic servants , and a decrepit old gypsy all serve to add to the the film 's more suspenseful moments.Holmes has to depend on Watson to keep him abreast of the situation with daily letters in order to solve the case of the elusive and dangerous hound . Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard is also on the scene , but his job is mainly to capture the convict and he 's loath to have run across Watson , -LRB- a competitor for crime-solving glory -RRB- , and potentially also into The Great Detective himself , in this isolated spot of moor-country . There is additionally the love-at-first-sight sub-plot between Sir Henry and the reticent , but beautiful , sister of the local naturalist , the latter being an enigmatic character who collects butterflies and who lords over his adult sister , all with equal zeal.Now , for a critique of the film , Holmes and Watson are spot-on , very convincing . This is about the only Sherlock Holmes flick where the great detective is not portrayed as a borderline nutcase . Earlier and subsequent producers-directors have seemed to focus heavily upon Holmes ' eccentricities and anti-social tendencies , but not here . He 's very straightforward and we 're even surprised by his moments of genius , -LRB- that we somehow knew was there all the time -RRB- , a nice caveat . The cast of principals is all British , of course , -LRB- young Sir Henry appears to be an American , but this is simply more superb acting -RRB- , so there are no gaffs in that realm . All the suspect-characters are as notably ominous as is this great version of the Grimpen Mire itself.That leads me into the issue of the cinematography which is the very best feature of this film -- it will knock you out . It 's superb ! The color saturation is outstanding and the camera angles are just incredible . The sets are joyfully reminiscent of the great 60s color Cushing-Lee Hammer Films , only much better.The atmosphere generated in this movie can not be matched elsewhere and is effectively boosted by a subtle but appropriate filmscore , which is very nice but does not at all distract the viewer from the film itself . The character action keeps one on his or her toes and there 's no drag to this film , a fact which can not be stated in regard to certain other ` Hound ' versions.Yes , the story-line deviates slightly from Doyle 's original manuscript but what movie director does not utilize this artistic license ? Certainly , other ` Hound ' versions have done so , many much moreso than this one . I feel certain that Doyle himself would have highly approved of this brilliant manifestation of his classic tale.Some concern has been expressed about the brief rape scene -LRB- Sir Hugo catches up with his wench on the moor but , there , encounters The Hound which promptly squares the evil deed -RRB- , but I feel that it was as tastefully conveyed as a rape scene can be portrayed . After all , Sir Hugo 's evil has to be nailed down in a hurry so that The Curse can be legitimized to the viewers . In the end , this scene contributes notably to the credibility of the film but does , in fact , limit the viewing audience , at least for that brief segment.In summary , if you could only afford one copy of ` The Hound of the Baskervilles ' , this would clearly be the version to acquire.See my Listmania lists for other recommendations .
 I still like the Rathbone/Bruce version best , but this one is right behind it . Print is of good quality , and Richardson is great as Holmes . Highly recommended !
 Without doubt , this is by far the finest screen version of Conan Doyle 's famous story I have -LRB- so far -RRB- seen . Ian Richardson -LRB- who will no doubt be familiar to fans of House of Cards and To Play the King -RRB- is perfect as Holmes . The film boasts just the right cast -LRB- whether central characters or bit parts , they all give strong performances -RRB- , the moor 's thin line between beauty and deadly is just right , the soundtrack is unforgettable , there is myriad memorable dialogue and the whole thing flows very well . There is not a dull moment . Recommended to fans of Sherlock Holmes , Doyle or just horror in general .
 Douglas Hickox is among the few directors who have understood the mystic horror of Doyle 's terrifying masterpiece . Directing a brilliant Nicholas Clay , Hickox presents the audience with the best film version of the story to date
 The movie was well put together , and thought out . I really liked it and they did stick fairly close to the story , but they did change a few things , and I 'm not sure it was for the best . I did like it that they had the Hound and Holmes fight -LRB- that did not happen in the movie -RRB- but I did n't like it that Mrs. Lions was murdered -LRB- that did n't happen either -RRB- . All in all , I 'd give it four out of five stars . The acting was supurb , and I got chills just listening to the sound of the Hound ...
 The tale of The Hound of the Baskervilles has such sturdy bones that it 's probably the most filmed of the Great Detective 's cases . Let 's see ... I 've watched at one time or another Richard Roxburgh , Peter Cushing , Basil Rathbone , Jeremy Brett , Peter Cook , Matt Frewer and Ian Richardson play Holmes as he pursues the solution to this monstrous plot . One or two I 've enjoyed less than the others . One was really grim ; an attempt at comedy that had many things but humor , unless you find uproarious a chihuahua with the bladder the size of a bull mastiff 's urinating on a person 's foot.With this version , Ian Richardson plays Holmes , Donald Churchill plays Watson , Martin Shaw plays Sir Henry Baskerville and Denholm Elliot plays Dr. Mortimer . Grimpen Mire continues to play Grimpen Mire , and that dark , fog-swept Dartmoor bog is not a place you 'd want to venture into , even if a slavering hound were n't bounding after you.Just to restate the plot
 I was a fan of the Lassie series as a small child and tried watching some of the movies as an adult as I love the collie breed . The movies always satisfied my desire to watch this beautiful breed on the big screen , but the acting always seemed a bit `` hokey . `` When I watched the 2005 release of Lassie , I was in love . The score is suberb , the filming sublime and the acting world class . Another reviewer called the dog playing Lassie an `` imposter '' , but if you give this film a chance , you will find those soulful eyes will draw you in . The dog playing Lassie is an American bred farm dog and is gorgeous ! The trainers on the film did a wonderful job putting the animals through their paces . This is my favorite animal film EVER ! Give it a try , you may put it in your Christmas rotation !
 I bought this Lassie movie thinking it was a Christmas Lassie movie . Turns out that it is the same version that I already have , only the description , cover-art , and even the title are different . This is the original movie
 This is a surprisingly entertaining movie . I had never seen or heard of it before . Melanie Griffiths , who plays Lucille , is superb as the aspiring starlet who admits to killing her husband and then runs off to conquer Hollywood with her husband 's head in a hat box . Back at home Lucas Black -LRB- Slingblade -RRB- , her nephew , narrates how is life is in Alabama . The movie flips from her life on the run , and the boy 's life back home . Meatloaf plays a racist cop to perfection as is the time of civil rights and segregation - a time of change . This movie takes life and makes it larger than life . It is a comedy , but it is also poignant and politically enlightening . When Lucille is eventually brought home to face justice after finding stardom on Bewitched , she meets the judge played by Rod Steiger . This is where reality flies out of the window and the story reminds us of those old black n ' white 1930s movies where the heroine charms the court and escapes real justice . This is a movie that should have received more acclaim .
 `` Crazy in Alabama '' is one of the best films I 've ever seen , combines with great ability two different stories , one of Civil Rights and other about Lucille , who killed her husband , put his head into a bag and went to Hollywood to become a TV star.I think Antonio Banderas directed this film perfectly and Melanie Griffith does one of her best movies.I watch this movie from time to time and I really enjoy it , the music is beautiful.I 'm expecting your next movie Antonio !
 This Movie was just ... how shall I say ? It was great ! It was realy great ! Melanie is better than ever ! It 's the Story of a Woman who lives in Alabama , she killed her husband , decapetated him and put his head in bag ! With the Bag she 's off to Hollywood to become a hillarious Actress ! And she becomes one ! But when she comes back to Alabama a whole lot of truble is waiting for her!It 's a wonderful Picture , with a great Soundtrack and a very good Crew ! Two Thumbs up -LRB- !!! -RRB- for Antonio Banderas Director-Debut ...
 it is a very very good movie i laughed cried it has sad part good party i wouls say it is a great movie
 I love this movie . I fell in love with it the first time i seen it . It 's not only a good movie but it 's about freedom in 2 different kinds of way .
 One of my favorite movies about struggling , and coming out on top despite all odds against you ! very good performances throughout the movie cast .
 Crazy in Alabama takes place in the mid to late sixties , Peter Joseph or P-Joe is staying for the summer with his uncle at his funeral parlor when finally after years of psychological , physical , and emotional abuse from her husband drives his Aunt Lucille to poison and decapitate him . She then begins to make her way to Las Angeles to become a movie star , meanwhile P-Joe witnesses the sheriff murder a black boy whose father is a freind to his uncle . P-Joe wrestles with what he should do , keep quite and not be ostrasizied or confess . The sheriff offers to not pursue his aunt if P-Joe keeps quite , and both him and his uncle are approached by the FBI and told that they can be protected but not with the sheriff unscathed . During his Aunt 's trial P-Joe admits in open court that the sheriff offered to forget his Aunt 's case if he said nothing about the murder , in the end the pool which was to be integrated is cemented in by the powers that be . A very good movie .
 This film is about civil rights . Ads do n't do it justice . Very good film ! I enjoyed it years ago and am glad to have foundit nonlinear .
 THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE YOU CAN LEARN ALOT FROM THIS MOVIE . HAS RACISM IN IT , SUCCESS , AND TEMPTATION . THIS MOVIE ILLUSTRATES HOW CRAZY ALABAMA REALLY IS
 This is one of the few movies I can watch over and over and finally decided to make it mine . It has comedy , drama and historical value . Takes a small town in the south and shows in a unique way what freedom can mean to different people and how reaching it can be as unique as they are . Maybe something we should all consider in this world today .
 This product was delivered on time with no problems , which I greatly appreciated . I love this movie and wanted to share it with my teenaged grand-daughter , so I needed it to be here when she was.Thank you !
 Mellanies best Film yet.She acts so naturally like never before and she plays the role of a beautyfull , intelligent , and strong woman who decapetated her husband Chester and which dream is to become an actress called `` Carolyne Clay '' . In the meantime her nephew Pee-Joe has to fight extreme rassism in Alabama a young collored boy has been killed by the Sherif and Pee-Joe saw everything ! Its a movie who showes us the `` real '' life out there !
 this film was fantastic.a little weird , but great.a little funny and a little sad.see this film and you 'll love it.it takes place in 1965 , and i dont usually care for movies like that but this one is one that i enjoyed a lot !
 SPOILER WARNING
 When Mom brought this one from the video rental store , I was immediately bored - what kind of movie has a title like `` Crazy in Alabama '' ? To me that says only one thing - low budget . I 'd never heard of the actors except for Melanie Griffiths who sounded vaguely familiar . My attitude was a complete turnaround as we went into the film - full of excellent comedy , interesting twists and , best of all , the film poses one of THE QUESTIONS - if your husband is really really cruel , does that give you the right to chop his head off and carry it to Hollywood with you ? Melanie Griffiths gives a star 's performance in this one . None of the usual Hollywood sex scenes either - just good old fun.I also enjoyed the thought-provoking scenes with the whole deal over a swimming pool and racism - for those of you who have n't watched it , I wo n't tell you what happens.I 'd say this is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time and would recommend it to anyone - if only to listen to Frank Sinatra 's daughter singing in the opening tunes !
 This DVD is in my library of Great films because it was entertaining but at the same time had a moral I 'd like my son to understand.It was comedic in its dealing with the theme of the decades of the 60 's and the 70 's -LRB- and even today -RRB- yet at the same time dealt seriously and respectfully with the topic.There was one theme , of a group 's search for recognition of humanity and inalienable rights in the story of a young woman who kills her husband for her freedom and a younger Black man who gives his life in a similar cause . The two ongoing stories were handled in a unique and entertaining manner.I will watch this DVD over again and enjoy it many times in the future . I will watch for other films directed by Antonio Banderas .
 `` Crazy in Alabama '' is set in the early 1960 's and combines several plots expertly
 This movie truly is a fun escape even though there are some serious sub-plots -LRB- racism , domestic violence , etc -RRB- . You will truly root for Lucille to win and expect laughter and tears on this journey . Great movie !
 Melanie Griffith is one of the biggest stars in the late 80 's and early ' 90 's , and her stardom has faded a bit in recent years . Although I really was impressed by her early work in Working Girls , it was n't until I saw this film when I was swept away by her multi-layered performance that was funny , campy , and melodramatic . For a low-key period piece , she 's the reason to see it.Melanie plays a house wife raising 7 children under the roof of house dominated by her sexually , verbally , and physically abusive husband . She 's had enough , so she cut his off and headed for Hollywood to pursue her acting career , leaving her kids and friends behind in Alabama . She carried his dead husband 's head in a big hat box along for the ride . The police are trying to track her down.She landed a gig in a TV show and became a big star over night . It 's hard to believe that happened so easily . Everyone saw her on TV including the cops . A black boy was killed by a white boy accidently in Alabama and it was a huge racism scanddal . Melanie got arrested and was sent back to Alabama . Everyone treated her like a star when she arrived.The courtroom scene was the climatic part of the film when Melanie gets to tell her story as a victim of abuse and trying to win the simpathy of the jury . I was so moved by this scene , and Melanie commands absolute attention , because she 's very real and powerful emotionally . Whether she was released or sent to jail , you are just going to have to watch it.It was obvious that Melanie gave her all to the direction of her husband/Antonio Banderas ' debut . This is a must see for Melanie Griffith fans !
 Crazy In Alabama is engrossing and entertaining with the excellent re-creation of the mid-60 's with respect to cars , fashions , and the civil rights movement.All actors were superbly cast for their roles . Not bad directing Mr. Banderas ; You may have another artistic venue or outlet , yet . There are two stories simultaneously being told here . Yes , they are both effective and do meet at the end of the road for purpose and not filler . The title itself is also double edged meaning ; It is indicative of the racial tension and madness in Alabama happening while Lucille is on her cross country/Hollywood quest -LRB- to lay certain ghosts of the past to rest as well -RRB- ...
 Overall , Crazy in Alabama is a thought-provoking , funny and sensitive film . Yes it borders on farce , Lucille running toward Hollywood with her husband 's head in tow . But Melanie Grifith really grabs our attention in court and makes us think seriously about a woman being killed little by little . In addition , Director Banderas is able to skillfully weave together the story of the civil rights struggle to Lucille 's bid for freedom . I rented the film and after viewing it , felt that it was a film that I 'd want to see again and share it with my friends . My only criticism is that the ending with the three kids going of fishing was a little Mark Twainish . The director would have been well advised to have them look a bit scruffier to be believable . As it stands the scene looks too staged for my taste . All criticisms aside , I think this is an enjoyable family film .
 I have loved this movie for years . Hardly anyone I 've talked to has heard of it , which is sad . It is emotional , thought provoking , well done , and everything I like in a movie . The story , even though the plot seems to diverge at times , actually seamlessly intertwines in the end . The actors could n't have done a better job , and Melanie Griffith is at her best . I tell people about this movie all of the time , and everyone invariably loves it . You will laugh at one moment , and cry at the next . What could be better ?!
 I read the book , -LRB- or rather listened to it unabridged -RRB- on audio CD . The book is a bit more detailed with a couple extra scenes that are ' t mentioned in the movie which gives you greater understanding of the characters . I recall in the book she did acquire starlet stardom , and the trip to Hollywood , via Las Vegas is quite a detailed adventure . . It is a long book , so I think they did a great job of editing for the movie . The racial turmoil Peajoe observes is told wonderfully through his eyes . But the the other escapde of his Aunt could fail as a crazy farce if it was n't done properly . I mean really , a head in a tupperware `` fix and mix '' ? LOL . It works however . In the book Melanie ' character is n't as nice as the movie , and the ending is a bit different . I love the peajoe character even better than Melanie 's character . The boy from Slingblade plays Peajoe , and he is wonderful and so believable ! It is one of those movies I can watch over every once in a while . I do promote reading the book after the movie . Melanie is her usual self in this movie , but her `` usual self '' may be better geared toward this character . It may have been tailor made for her .
 A thoroughly wonderful movie that had me laughing in no time . Melanie Griffith is outstanding in this zany story . Highly recommend
 4th stage is all about Project D , a new traveling street racing team formed by Ryosuke Takahashi that has a very ambitious goal
 FUNimation atones for the sins of the much maligned Tokyopop dubs of Initial D with their release of Fourth Stage . The new voices may not always be perfect , but for the most part they match up with the character being portrayed . The picture and sound quality is crisp and clear . For anyone who never thought the day Fourth Stage was released in the US would never come , what are ya waiting for ? Buy it now . I ca n't wait for the release of the earlier seasons .
 Building off the popular reviews so far , Initial D Fourth Stage Part I is a must for any fan of the series . The season begins with a voice narrative from random faceless people talking about the popularity and success of Project D in front of a computer.The first disc of the package is focused primarily an introduction to the series and what Initial D is about . The first few episodes are nothing but non-stop drama racing action . Their first encounter is with an average racing team . This first battle displays how much Project D is above the rest of the ` regular competition . ' Takumi goes against an opponent who is on the verge of leaving the sport of street racing because of his feelings for his girlfriend . If he looses his next race against Takumi , he will leave the sport . Ryosuke and Takumi develop a new strategy to tackle a treacherous course , and thus begins the legend of Project D.Project D then goes against a professional racing school . This challenge proves to be much more difficult . The racing action is fast paced.The second disc -- has more character development in it . The second disc of Initial D Stage Four Part I introduces the romance between Kyoko Iwase and Keisuke Takahashi . The romance is left on a cliff hanger , and is concluded in Part II of the Fourth Stage . Keisuke is fleshed out as a character in the second disc , and the fans finally are able to see him face against opponents.Funimation once again does a good job dubbing the series . But I found myself watching the box set halfway through English and half Japanese.The English dubbing displays Keisuke as more of a ` jerk ' toward Kyoko , while making her less infatuated with him . The subtitled translation shows more ` kindess ' from Keisuke 's point of view , and more of Kyoko 's passion she has for him . Both do a good job showing displaying the romance , but the Subtitled version shows the cultural differences the Japanese have toward relationships over Americans . -- Overall
 once again everything was on time and the disc works great . I will be purchasing more dvds from them in the future .
 COMPLETE 4th Stage of the great Anime ! Cant get any better ! Perfect for any JDM-car enthusiast !
 Finally an official R1 release of Initial D Stage IV ... and its really good ! Visual presentation is not bad at all , the best of all Inital D stages in fact . And the Japanese audio track is done really well - best sound quality I have ever heard from Initial D . The subtitles are passable , not that bad . The English dub is still horrible ... but then again there has NEVER been a good Dub of any Initial D stages . The video is present in 4:3 widescreen format , not 16:9 as indicated on the DVD cover . Initial D has never been made in 16:9 ratio anyways , has always been 4:3 format.Stage 4 is the best quality of all the Stages , both in art and story.Highly recommended .
 4 stars for genre devotees.This movie would have easily achieved five stars , -LRB- targeted specifically , of course , at black-and-white B-horror film fans like me -RRB- , except for the fact that this flick ends pretty abruptly , catching viewers a bit off-guard . It 's as if some assertive studio bean-counter waltzed into the movie set and informed the director , midway through the film , that his budget for this one had just been slashed . It 's not a hateful finale but I was surprised at the lack of traditional ceremony near the end and viewers will additionally notice that this 1941 movie is a bit abbreviated at sixty-four minutes , -LRB- not all that uncommon for the genre . -RRB- THE STORY
 Bela Lugosi was an extremely intense actor . In `` Invisible Ghost '' his face expresses sadness and pain and then metamorphoses into a determined expression of malace and evil . It is amazing to watch . A tour de force of acting.In another scene , he expresses compassion and warmth in tending to his injured butler . Sweetness incarnate.Compassion , warmth , sadness , pain , menace and the depiction of taking pleasure in evil.Bela Lugosi expresses all of these qualities in this film.The very last scene , wherein he learns the solution to the mystery , shows us facial expressions that show a variety of emotions . I do n't want to spoil the ending so I wo n't give details.If you like Bela Lugosi , or want to know something about him and his range as an actor , I highly recommend this film .
 Although not technically or artistically superior , Invisible Ghost is a winner for Lugosi fans . He plays Charles Kessler , who employs a butler , a maid , a cook and a gardener . There is a series of murders which can not be solved . Controlled by his estranged wife , who is in a lost world herself -LRB- hidden below a storage room by the gardener -RRB- , Kessler commits the murders in a trance with no memory of them in his normal state . Lugosi is very pleasant and unknowing of what is happening to him/others . This film is very satisfying to Lugosi fans but may be boring to general classic horror fans . -LSB- Favorite scene
 This film starts in a mansion with a portrait of a young woman on the wall . Mr. Charles Kessler acts as if his wife was still alive . Ralph visits Virginia , who explains this anniversary event . They have a new maid who is curious about some murders . The gardener has a secret in his shed ; his wife knows . Evans the butler discovers Ralph 's secret
 Bela is Charles Kessler , whose wife ran off and left him several years earlier . On their anniversary , he still has the butler set a place for her at the dinner table , even having him serve the empty spot . Unknown to him , his wife was actually in a car accident and has been hidden away and cared for by Kessler 's Gardener Jules and his wife . But Mrs. Kessler , now an amnesiac , sneaks out at night and stares up at the window of her husband 's study . Kessler immediatelt seems to know when she is down there and goes to stare back at her . Then something happens ... Kessler becomes hypnotized and immediately sets off to commit murder . Beeing entranced , Kessler is n't even aware what he is doing.Several murders have already taken place at the estate and as the film opens , He ventures forth and murders the new maid in her bed . The fiancee of Kessler 's daughter , one Ralph Dickson is accused of the crime since he and the maid had once been lovers . Dickson is found guilty on the most circumstantial evidence and is executed . Soon after , Dickson 's twin brother Paul shows up at the Kessler estate to try and find out what happened to his brother and learns about the mysterious deaths . When he asks why they do n't leave the house he 's told that Kessler is waiting for his wife to return.Invisible Ghost was a mere hook for a title as Kessler 's wife is no ghost and not remotely invisible ... dead or otherwise . But remember this was 1941 and truth in advertising was not order of the day . Lugosi plays a more tragic role here , not the menacing evil of other films like Dracula or White Zombie . He seems to be truly in love with his or maybe obsessed is a better word . His deliberate stalking of his victims , creeping up from behind or as they sleep is just fun to watch.There does n't seem to have been any reason for Paul Dickson to be an exact twin of Ralph 's , as nothing was made of this fact outside of the initial reaction of Kessler 's daughter , Virgina.A good Role for Bela , one where he was the real murderer as opposed the red herring he would play in many other films .
 Bela is Charles Kessler , whose wife ran off and left him several years earlier . On their anniversary , he still has the butler set a place for her at the dinner table , even having him serve the empty spot . Unknown to him , his wife was actually in a car accident and has been hidden away and cared for by Kessler 's Gardener Jules and his wife . But Mrs. Kessler , now an amnesiac , sneaks out at night and stares up at the window of her husband 's study . Kessler immediatelt seems to know when she is down there and goes to stare back at her . Then something happens ... Kessler becomes hypnotized and immediately sets off to commit murder . Beeing entranced , Kessler is n't even aware what he is doing.Several murders have already taken place at the estate and as the film opens , He ventures forth and murders the new maid in her bed . The fiancee of Kessler 's daughter , one Ralph Dickson is accused of the crime since he and the maid had once been lovers . Dickson is found guilty on the most circumstantial evidence and is executed . Soon after , Dickson 's twin brother Paul shows up at the Kessler estate to try and find out what happened to his brother and learns about the mysterious deaths . When he asks why they do n't leave the house he 's told that Kessler is waiting for his wife to return.Invisible Ghost was a mere hook for a title as Kessler 's wife is no ghost and not remotely invisible ... dead or otherwise . But remember this was 1941 and truth in advertising was not order of the day . Lugosi plays a more tragic role here , not the menacing evil of other films like Dracula or White Zombie . He seems to be truly in love with his or maybe obsessed is a better word . His deliberate stalking of his victims , creeping up from behind or as they sleep is just fun to watch.There does n't seem to have been any reason for Paul Dickson to be an exact twin of Ralph 's , as nothing was made of this fact outside of the initial reaction of Kessler 's daughter , Virgina.A good Role for Bela , one where he was the real murderer as opposed the red herring he would play in many other films .
 Bela is Charles Kessler , whose wife ran off and left him several years earlier . On their anniversary , he still has the butler set a place for her at the dinner table , even having him serve the empty spot . Unknown to him , his wife was actually in a car accident and has been hidden away and cared for by Kessler 's Gardener Jules and his wife . But Mrs. Kessler , now an amnesiac , sneaks out at night and stares up at the window of her husband 's study . Kessler immediatelt seems to know when she is down there and goes to stare back at her . Then something happens ... Kessler becomes hypnotized and immediately sets off to commit murder . Beeing entranced , Kessler is n't even aware what he is doing.Several murders have already taken place at the estate and as the film opens , He ventures forth and murders the new maid in her bed . The fiancee of Kessler 's daughter , one Ralph Dickson is accused of the crime since he and the maid had once been lovers . Dickson is found guilty on the most circumstantial evidence and is executed . Soon after , Dickson 's twin brother Paul shows up at the Kessler estate to try and find out what happened to his brother and learns about the mysterious deaths . When he asks why they do n't leave the house he 's told that Kessler is waiting for his wife to return.Invisible Ghost was a mere hook for a title as Kessler 's wife is no ghost and not remotely invisible ... dead or otherwise . But remember this was 1941 and truth in advertising was not order of the day . Lugosi plays a more tragic role here , not the menacing evil of other films like Dracula or White Zombie . He seems to be truly in love with his or maybe obsessed is a better word . His deliberate stalking of his victims , creeping up from behind or as they sleep is just fun to watch.There does n't seem to have been any reason for Paul Dickson to be an exact twin of Ralph 's , as nothing was made of this fact outside of the initial reaction of Kessler 's daughter , Virgina.A good Role for Bela , one where he was the real murderer as opposed the red herring he would play in many other films .
 The title almost gives it away . `` The Invisible Ghost . '' What other kind of ghost IS there ? While there are some genuinely creepy moments in this black and white thriller , the plot is so hare-brained you 'll need multiple viewings just to absorb the details . Let 's see ; Bela Lugosi believes his wife died in a car accident , but his gardener -LRB- ! -RRB- actually has her stowed in the back barn . When wifey staggers out in the rain and `` haunts '' Lugosi , he falls into a trance and murders whoever 's handy , then `` wakes up '' remembering nothing . Throw in a cigar chomping -LRB- and utterly ineffectual -RRB- police detective , the poor fellow who 's unjustly convicted of the murders and sent to the electric chair -LRB- ! -RRB- , the casual way Lugosi and friends react to multiple homicides , and a psycho-therapist who suggests Lugosi 's murderous trance is , in fact , a fairly common psychiatric disorder , and you 've got one of the more whacked movies in cinema history . I loved it !
 Like usual , the -LRB- out of print -RRB- Roan is the best print available . As far as the film , it 's a Lugosi poverty row . Hard core Bela fans like me will enjoy it , others will likely feel it 's corny -LRB- well , it is ! -RRB- .
 For those who love to pop in these little `` B '' programmers on a rainy night with a bowl of popcorn this one with Bela Lugosi will certainly do the trick.A good story and a nice cast you 've probably never heard of offer `` B '' fans a real treat in this atmospheric mystery that 's strictly for fun . There is some good pacing by director Joseph H. Lewis so the story never lags in its meager 64 minutes . The cops do n't seem as dumb as often portrayed in the programmers and when the plot takes a wild turn it does n't seem hokey but simply part of the story.Lugosi 's wife is thought dead but unbeknownst to him is actually being hidden away after a car crash left her mind a mess . He still loves her and pines for her in the house they lived in . His pretty daughter Virginia -LRB- Polly Ann Young -RRB- lives with him and is about to marry when her husband-to-be is arrested and convicted for one of the muders which have been occuring at the house.Lugosi , of course , is the real killer , going into a trance every time his wife sneaks out , and making it only as far as the house . The attractive maid who has the hots for Virginia 's boyfriend gets it first , then the gardner . When Virginia 's fiance pays the ultimate price for a crime he did not commit , his twin brother Paul -LRB- John McGuire -RRB- shows up and romance blooms between he and Virginia despite the murders.The cops are trying to figure out who could be doing the killings and Lugosi senses something may be terribly wrong when he awakens from a trance in his daughter 's room . He comes to before anything horrible happens but begins to suspect the unthinkable.It 's best not to ask how or why Lugosi 's wife only gets loose at night or why her appearance sends him over the edge . This genre of `` B '' was only meant to be a fun distraction and it succeeds . It is miles ahead of some of Lugosi 's Poverty Row stuff during the same period and rates high for fans of `` B '' horror and mystery films .
 Bela Lugosi was compelled to make a number of poor films during his down and out years , but 1941 's Invisible Ghost should not be counted among them . While this is the first of Bela 's infamous `` Monogram Nine , '' it 's actually a pretty interesting film , and one that allows Bela 's star power to shine in several of its many facets . This talented actor could be quite the charmer in the right cinematic environment , as he proved in Dracula , and the role of Charles Kessler in Invisible Ghost provided him with an opportunity to showcase the warm , genteel aspect of his nature alongside the legendary horror prowess that made him famous . Of course , Kessler 's a little bit odd - he does , after all , enjoy a serious dinner with his wife on the anniversary of their marriage , despite the fact that he has not seen her since she left him -LRB- and supposedly died -RRB- several years earlier - but he 's a most sympathetic character with a wonderful daughter , a respected position in the community , and a most amiable personal nature.Unfortunately , Kessler 's home is quickly becoming a house of horrors . The first victim is the new maid , and her death complicates matters a great deal . We the viewers know who killed her because we watched the murder as it happened . Circumstantial evidence , however , leads the cops to charge Ralph Dickson -LRB- John McGuire -RRB- , who just so happens to be the serious boyfriend of Kessler 's daughter Virginia -LRB- Polly Ann Young -RRB- , with this murder most foul . As additional murders follow , you can only wonder who will be next and when the authorities will figure out what we already know - the true identity of the murderer . You might think that your foreordained knowledge of the murderer would make Invisible Ghost a boring affair , but it really does n't - largely thanks to Bela Lugosi 's incredible performance -LRB- and a certain plot point I found rather shocking -RRB- . Joseph H. Lewis also deserves a lot of credit for making this film rise above its B-movie origins . As director , he maintains the gloomy atmosphere throughout , and he also gives us some unusual but wonderfully effective camera angles - including a truly memorable one through the flames of a fireplace . The lighting also wonderfully accentuates the whole effect of several Bela Lugosi close-ups -LRB- and no one has ever done close-ups like Bela Lugosi did -RRB- . I will go so far as to tell you the butler did n't do it , but said butler -LRB- played by Clarence Muse -RRB- deserves special mention , as well . Rather than serve as stereotypical grist for the Hollywood mill , this African-American character was presented with seriousness and respect - quite a rarity for films of this particular era.It 's just unfortunate that the rest of Lugosi 's films for Monogram lacked the kind of script and talent Invisible Ghost provided - this first of Lugosi 's `` Monogram Nine '' is far and away the best of the lot . I would place this high on the second tier of Lugosi 's most impressive performances .
 If your a KMFDM fan then this DVD is for you . The quality is leaps and bounds better than their last DVD `` Sturm & Drang Tour 2002 '' . It highlights the WWIII tour from different venues and does not get boring for a minute . Cut-scenes and other features enhance the great production value . Its only in 2.0 but the sound is still great and way better quality-wise than the last DVD.It sounds great , it looks great and its got a lot of extra features , interviews , fan signings -LRB- and just hanging out -RRB- , gags , photos , fan photos with credits and more . I know I sound like a salesman but this DVD exceeded my expectations . Its very well done and worth it especially if your a fan .
 What is WWIII Tour 2003 in comparison to Sturm Und Drang Tour 2002 ? Imagine a bullet versus a nuclear warhead . Exactly the answer . WWIII Tour DVD is an awesome selection of live performances including some golden oldies such as `` Light '' , `` Juke-Joint Jezebel '' and `` A Drug Against War '' which have been `` rocked up '' to sound like they would actually fit onto the album wwiii.The Camera work is so much better than Sturm Und Drang , using special effects etc , it actually looks proffessional , including DVD menus and stuff , it 's all great and new-looking . The Bonus footage is great . There is a lot more than Sturm Und Drang including some funny sections like `` WWIII Concert Intro -LRB- making of -RRB- '' and `` Whale Watching with KMFDM '' . You get an in-depth look and feeling of what the whole band is like if you did n't know before.Raymond is very funny and hogs the camera a lot , Lucia is in this DVD more than Sturm Und Drang as is everyone else . Even the Crew get their own little sections . The DVD captures the life and essence of the tour and KMFDM , it 's humorous and adrenaline pumping.If you love KMFDM , this is a MUST ! It is in NTSC format , but it worked in my PAL region PS2 , which amazed me , and Sturm Und Drang did too ! KMFDM are a band that write some awesome music and love to have fun , all is told in KMFDM WWIII TOUR 2003 ! Do n't hesistate , do n't think , buy it now !!!!!!! Support your favorites and rip the system , KMFDM !
 I was sorely disappointed when I missed out on seeing one of my personal favorite bands last year . There was n't any big ads in any of the local papers that advertised the band 's gig which is how I missed the show . So I decided I would make up for that by buying their new dvd `` WWIII Tour 2003 '' . I 'm glad that I did . The dvd consists of performances from the band but even better behind the scenes of the band and how they interact with each other . I always wanted to know what KMFDM is like when they are n't on stage . The behind the scenes that is interlaced between the performance scenes gives the viewer a glimpse into the touring life of KMFDM . I do n't have the other two KMFDM dvds so I ca n't really compare this with them . I enjoyed watching the live performances . They were a great reminder to the killer performance I saw of them on their 2002 tour `` Sturm & Drang tour '' . Contrary to some of the band 's lyrics , the band has quite a wicked sense of humor especially when they decided to draw on a sleeping roadie 's face . I also loved the scene where the band goes to -LRB- yet another -RRB- truckstop . I loved seeing Raymond Watts looking at the boots . The brief interviews with each of the band members was interesting . It 's nice to know how each member fits into the band . Most of the songs the bands plays on tour is from their recent album `` WWIII '' but they do play a couple oldies but goodies like `` Light '' and `` Juke Joint Jezebel '' -LRB- the song that introduced me to KMFDM several years ago -RRB- . All in all , this is a worthy dvd to get for KMFDM fans . It is a good balance between music and behind the scene footage .
 KMFDM have always had a great balance between tongue-in-cheek humor and political seriousness , addressing current events while at the same time making fun of everything from The President of the U.S. to their own selves . `` WWIII '' is my favorite album of theirs yet , knocking `` NIHIL '' out of my top spot . Having seen them live on the `` WWIII '' tour , I was excited to see this DVD . It was truly one of the best shows of my life , and to relive it on this DVD has given me a great feeling that I am playing a part in the growth and music of one of my favorite bands . This DVD has quite a lot of material considering their last DVD release was only a year ago . Who would 've thought that so much could be amassed in only a year to keep the DVD new , different , and interesting and not a rehash ? Sure we have the obligatory concert and backstage footage , as well as a few videos -LRB- which includes the amazing `` SKURK '' video -RRB- , but there 's so much more here ... photo galleries , interviews , some snippets of the recording of `` WWIII '' in the studio , the band hanging out and going whale-watching . If you saw `` Sturm & Drang Tour 2002 , '' then you 've met a few friends from the KMFDM crew , and they are given their just amount of attention on this DVD as well , really giving the sense of the band as a family of good friends . Watching this DVD , you are treated to great music , good humor , and some insight into the band and the way they work . `` WWIII '' is an awesome DVD ! Hail to KMFDM , constantly ripping the system !!! If you love KMFDM , you will love this DVD !!!
 If you a huge KMFDM , this DVD will likely have you keeping this disc in your player for weeks to come . If you 're a casual fan -LRB- like myself -RRB- , you should get plenty from ` WWIII-Tour 2003 ' . Aside from the stellar live performances of tunes like the title track `` WWIII '' , `` From Here On Out '' , `` Brute '' , `` Revenge '' , the in-your-face `` Bullets , Bombs & Bigotry '' and `` Juke Joint Jezebel '' , you the viewer gets SO many extras here such as fan photos , current store merchandise available , promotional videos , journals , song lyrics + more . DVD line-up
 This is a great dvd if your a longtime fan or if you are just starting out . I definantly need to see them in concert after watching this dvd . The show is really good even though it is mostly songs from ww3 . In between songs it shows the band behind the scenes . That is actually my favorite part of the dvd . When I started listening to KMFDM I thought they were all German . Right now Sascha is the only German left , Lucia is an american and the rest are british . That is good because I love british humour . Raymond Watts is especially hilarious . Theres the spoon incident where sascha has a drunken outburst . That sets off a series of drunken chaos culminating in a violent assault on a plastic spoon . Than theres the Disney land bus search . Watts is extremally aggravated over the security ruining his sleep , which seems to torment him deeply.The band seems to get along like a huge family . Even the road crew each get there own section on the dvd . You have to get this dvd . I cant wait to check out there other dvd .
 KMFDM was formed by a quartet of Germans in Paris circa 1984 . They became famous for their one word album titles and hand drawn covers . They growled in German over industrial beats , and made sexy dangerous politically mindful music ! 2004 marks the band?s 20 year anniversary , and Sanctuary records has prepared both a DVD and a CD of their limited US tour in support of WWIII . The DVD compiles footage from a variety of shows , rehearsals , and tour bus antics to make a 2 hour presentation of KMFDM live . The band itself was always a loose collective of industrial artists with Sascha K being the sole original member left 20 years later . This tour and DVD?s line up features Sascha sporting a blonde Mohawk , Lucia Cifarelli providing girl power from Seattle , Jules Hodgson , Andy Selway , Raymond Watts , and Steve White . They sound great live , and if industrial Goth is your bag you?ll eat this disc up ! You may know them from their biggest hit ? Juke Joint Jezebel ? which was featured in the movie MORTAL KOMBAT!You get 13 live performances of the following songs
 Better than 2002 tour - BUT GUYS NEED AN UP TO DATE WITH CURRENT VERSIONS OF YOUR MUSIC - like a 2012 dvd ... PLEASE ! Love them !!
 I love the dvd even if it does not have ultra in it . the dvd is great . the spoon thing is a laugh . you get more than music on the dvd you get a few laughs . if you are a kmfdm fan get this .
 Great great great live action . I 'm never big on band DVD 's but this one is spectacular . By the way , Lucia Caferrelli is bangin .
 This video is actually `` Zerstorers '' -LRB- Destroyers -RRB- so it encompasses more than just night fighters of WWII Germany.This is an excellent DVD on the ME110 and other aircraft Germany created during WWII that fit the `` Destroyer '' classification . The video does a fairly good job of explaining the origins of the type . The Zerstorers were designed to serve as escort fighters for the Luftwaffe 's bombers . Since this required long-range , the fighters were almost as large as the bombers and having two engines to accomodate the required fuel.It turned out to be a misguided solution to the problem because the Zerstorers were too big and not maneuverable enough to ` mix it ' with smaller , defending fighters.But , they were not without worth . They could serve as fighters in Russia where their disadvatages were less pronounced , as ground-attack weapons and also as night fighters that had enough room and carrying capacity to mount airborne radar and other passive systems that came into use throughout the war.The video concentrates on the ME110 but does not ignore the ME210/410 , the JU88 -LRB- in night fighting role -RRB- , and others that player much smaller parts in the German war effort.The video does a very creditable job of covering the specifics of night-fighting against RAF Bomber Command as well as daylight attacks on USAAF bomber formations where the Zerstorer played a smaller part in Germany 's defense.The combat footage is excellent ! Usually , combat footage of German aircraft is restricted to their aircraft being blasted out of the sky by allied fighters . This video has very good and enlightening footage from ` the other side of the hill ' . We see an ME110 stalking and shooting down an Ilyushin Sturmovik -LRB- you can also tell how much punishment the Sturmovik could take ! -RRB- as well as British ground targets being strafed in North Africa.This is an excellent video in an excellent series and I do recommend it !
 Wow ... this movie from 1932 is not remastered or restored but the picture quality is not perfect but still very good . The only minus point -LRB- star -RRB- I have - the DVD does n't contains any subtitles -LRB- english or for deaf hearing people -RRB- . The movie
 This DVD is so adorable ! The children are the cutest and little kids like nothing more than watching other little kids . The DVD takes you back to your child 's world and makes you want to try new activities with him or her . You 'll love learning new things yourself from the experts -- and if you think you know it all already -- at least you 'll get off the couch and play a little more often ! Eebee and `` friend '' have a sweet relationship that kids just love and relate to . My two little ones love Eebee 's Adventures -- we have a great time with it .
 My nephew , Damien , and I watched Eebee 's Adventures - Figuring Things Out a couple hours ago and he enjoyed this one even more than the last one we watched . This DVD was filled with fun things to do with your toddler . In the beginning there are piles of pillows on the floor and the lady hides the ball in different places around the pillows and asks Eebee to find the ball . This not only teaches a child how to look for different objects but also teaches coordination when moving things around . This video also teaches children how to turn lights on and off , including flashlights . One of my favorite parts was when they focused on shadows . I can remember being a child and being fascinated with making shadow puppets . Damien 's favorite part was when they taught how to make things taller . On the TV , they were stacking up blocks but at the same time Damien was stacking up legos . This is an adorable way to enrich your child 's mind and the best part is , your child can use these skills in everyday life for the rest of his/her life . I highly recommend Eebee 's Adventure 's . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you are looking for a dvd that will entertain your child while you get the laundry done , this is NOT it . However , Eebee is a great choice for a dvd that actually encourages parents and babies to participate . There are great activities you can do with your child with or without the dvd , and my daughter loves the music . I wish there was a cd!If you have access to Comcast OnDemand , you can preview Eebee if you look under `` kids , '' then `` babies , '' then `` rhythm & rhyme . `` You will need to gather some `` props '' for some of the activities , but they are fun . If you have a background in early childhood development you probably already know the activities , but if you 're a new parent who does n't have a degree in child development , this is a great introduction to games you and your baby can play together -- and in my opinion , it is way better than watching your child zone out to a dvd -LRB- that kind of freaks me out , to be honest -RRB- .
 I love this DVD ! Get ready to have fun and interact with your baby . This DVD gives you so many ideas to have fun and interact with you baby by just using items you already have around your house . I loved the bright colors , the music , Eeebee and the Mom . I highly recommend this DVD to all parents .
 My children and I have now enjoyed this several times . My 19th month old has fun seeing Eebee . But the most amazing thing is how much fun his 4 and 5 year old big sisters have watching it with their baby brother . They see the DVD as a fun and exciting way to learn new ways to play with and teach their brother . While they are watching they have a great time playing along with Eeebee . Fantastic , educational , and entertaining !
 long time ago but is still great for grandchild # 2 ebee is highly rated but you will walk around all day singing the EeBee song
 We love this video . It 's different than other ones because we can play with the video and use stuff around the house . It gives me great ideas for playing with my baby and we can do it without the video too . I can actually see how my baby 's learning through these activities . It does n't push learning ABCs and I think that play is more appropriate for a toddler .
 My 22 month old son loves Eebee . He has learned so much from the videos and never tires of them .
 While `` Casualties of War '' is not nearly as well know or respected as `` Platoon '' , `` Full Metal Jacket '' , or `` Apocalypse Now '' I think it is the best of the major Vietnam films . This is an unsparing indictment of the dehumanization of war , and Sean Penn is the most realistic villain of any of the films . It irks me that if this were European , or made a couple of decades earlier , it would be considered a masterpiece -- meanwhile anything Stanley Kubrick touched turned to cinematic gold.Things get off to a bit of a rocky start as De Palma frames the story as a flashback , starting out with a couple of scenes involving combat and warfare heroics . While the action is impressive , the direction is melodramatic and even a bit hammy . On the other hand , it 's almost like De Palma is recreating some of the mood and spirit of a 1940s war film -- it 's not gritty or cynical like `` Platoon '' or many other recreations of Vietnam . I have to think this was intentional . Still , I am not a Michael J. Fox fan in any way.But the story starts solidifying and things get really underway once the seemingly stoic and courageous sergeant , played by Sean Penn , comes up with the idea of `` requisitioning '' a Vietnamese girl for some `` portable R&R ; '' on their next mission into the bush . What proceeds is an incredibly harsh , gut-wrenching portrayal of desperate , confused young men abusing , raping , and eventually murdering an innocent young woman . The aftermath of the rape is the best directing De Palma has ever done . Thuy Thu Le should always be remembered for her performance . Like others have said before me , it 's almost difficult to take as a passive viewer -- it is truly one of the most powerful moments in any film I have ever seen.This is not a `` sideshow '' of war -- this true story cuts to the very sickness of war itself , and the toll it takes on all human life . Much more than the bloated & contrived `` Apocalypse Now '' , or the somewhat aloof `` Full Metal Jacket '' , De Palma 's film pins the viewer in some unbelievably tense and realistic scenes of bullying , intimidation , and savagery . This is the true face of war stripped of its theatrics and machismo . This is the by-product of men pushed past the brink of their morals and humanity . It is the very same thing at the heart of Oliver Stone 's excellent film , `` Platoon . '' But I believe it is explored in more depth here.Michael J. Fox and Sean Penn are both very good in their roles -- I think it is by far the best work either actor has ever done . Fox , although wince-inducing as an infantry soldier at the beginning of the film , eventually earns his keep as a young man trying to maintain his composure as the world turns to hell around him . Sean Penn 's portrayal of a charming and sadistic leader is spot-on . This is exactly how bullies act , exploiting people 's weaknesses and preying on the need for acceptance . They make it all so simple if you follow their lead , but if you do n't , then you 'd better be able to fight until the end . Robert Duvall strutting shirtless on the shores of a river delta has nothing on this . And the thing is , I still think that you have to view Penn 's character ambiguously . He is obviously a very feeling person -- unlike , say , Tom Berenger 's character in `` Platoon '' . I am a supporter of our armed services , but unfortunately it would seem that after a horrendous string of incidents in Iraq , Okinawa , and despicable sexist conduct about the U.S.S. Enterprise by its captain , our military is still infested with the kind of deplorable soldiers as are portrayed in this film . `` Casualties of War '' was meant to be a wake-up call and a harsh indictment of militarism gone horribly wrong , all the way from the privates on up the chain of command . Our military is more harmed by men of such low caliber than can be repaired by billions of dollars in defense spending.I honestly think this film is superior to `` Paths of Glory '' , and for me rests right alongside `` Das Boot '' as one of the most powerful anti-war films ever made . I normally do not write reviews which are this long , but `` Casualties of War '' has never been given the credit it deserves , and watching it over twenty years since its theatrical release , I found it more meaningful than ever before .
 To me , the most horrific war story of all time based on true events . Michael J Fox is very good and Sean Penn is brilliant . It is a very disturbing movie .
 This movie was amazing . Although it lacked intense special effects throughout the entire movie , it was phenomenal . Fox and Penn create great tension , which is clearly presant throughout the entire film . Fox 's portrayal of a scarred and confused solider is amazing . Penn does an equally excellent job creating an evil ora that looms during most all of the movie . The story is incredible , and the cast does a great job keeping the attention of the audience . This film is one of the Vietnam movies that sticks out in my memory ...
 This is a flawless film about the true atrocities of the Vietman War and one mans struggle to find justice for the innocent . Penn and Fox give first class performances in the film not to mention the brilliant supporting cast . This film is far superior to others of the genre .
 Though based on an actual event in the American-Vietnam war , do not mistake it as an incident unique to that war . It is the inevitable result of sending good young people off to do that which they are morally repelled at doing - killing other human beings . War feeds the human nature that dehumanizes not only the enemy and their countrymen but even our closest friends . It is no surprise that atrocities result , it seems far more surprising they do not occur more often - especially in wars of questionable basis and questionable goals . In recent years we have seen it in Abu Grhaib and more . And , all too often , shame that it happens along with fear of political fallout keeps the military and civilian leadership from addressing the issue when exposed.Napolean 's maxim , `` The moral is to the physical as three to one , '' is too oft forgotten . Incidents such as the one depicted in this film lose the moral side of war . If the moral is lost , the physical can not be far behind . It is imperative we address atrocities with all the moral outrage we can bring to bear and end it before it ends us . Coverups and excuses cost us far more than we seem to imagine.The acting in this film is superb and the story is a significant one for our time . Moving and important to our understanding of all wars .
 I 've always liked the stylishness of DePalma 's movies -LRB- even when they are relatively empty exercises
 This movie is allegedly based on true events , with identities altered.I do n't know about the particular events of this movie , but - - - , I spent two years as a soldier in the old Republic of Viet Nam , and yes , guys did find themselves caught in situations requiring courageous choices during a moral crisis , and yes , some guys were murdered by their fellow soldiers.I reckon I ought to know . &#34; Been there , done that . &#34;
 As others have written with justification , this is not a movie of greatness , not a classic , neither written or acted impeccably . I concede the `` close but no cigar '' evaluation of previous reviewers.I do not concede that this is an overtly anti-war movie , nor that it portrays all of the military in bad light . In the special features comments by Fox , he describes the film as a `` morality play '' . And so it is , and for that it is an excellent one.Read the plot description . Read some current newspaper stories . Perhaps this film would not have moved me so deeply if I were not reading newspapers . Truly I do n't know.Several times in the course of this film , the main character says `` This should not be happening . '' And beneath the rage and frustration of that line , do I detect an unspoken additional clause '' ... because we 're Americans '' ? Maybe I 'm projecting , but as an American who understands that we are neither flawless or faultless in all of our acts , there are nonetheless standards which we collectively endevour , or should endevour , to always live up to.This is a film to see whenever any one of us , or we as a nation , enter into any sequence of events in which our fundamental morality may risk compromise . It is a film to remind us who we are .
 I first saw this film in 1997 . I saw it again quite recently and it still had the same effect on me as it did three years ago . I like it . It is electric , gripping and you sympathise with both the lead characters on several occasions . I do like Michael J. Fox as an actor and , although he is usually a comedy actor , he is not out of place here as Private First Class Erickson . I ca n't seem to find it here in England , but when I do , I will probably buy it .
 A wonderful DVD , the beginning was a little droll but the movie picked up considerably in the middle . The language is rough , the graphics can get gory , but altogether it is a heartbreaking film . Vietnam at its worst.Michael J. Fox played his part , -LRB- as always -RRB- to the max , and Sean Penn was not far behind for the evil and crazy leader of the band.Altogether , it 's a movie anyone should watch . If not for the truth and final showdown between Fox , and his enemies , but for the wonderful acting and storyline .
 If you can ignore the stale acting by Michael J. Fox - and that 's not that hard - you 'll discover a terrifically powerful and wrenching Vietnam drama . More personal then most , and one of the few to offer up a believably rounded portrait of the Vietnamese . And , of course , Sean Penn is riveting . Directed by Brian DePalma , the movie has a graphic , pictorial forcefulness that recalls his work in `` The Untouchables . '' Not a hit when it was released , but well worth seeking out .
 I watched this movie long ago and do n't remember all the scenes , but I just got it in the mail today and thought I should say a few things about this movie . I like it and it has plenty of action in it and all , but unlike some other low-star reviews , this movie does not portray ALL American soldiers as murderers and rapists . In Vietnam , there were a few GI 's who were a little f**ked in the head and what they did to quite a few Vietnamese villagers in revenge for their buddies being killed went far beyond the ways of justice . Take the My Lai incident in '68 when 2Lt . Calley 's platoon was responsible for murdering over 500 villagers , including rape cases on a few people too . Not every American soldier in that platoon decided to get involved , but there are a few nutcases that decided to not let anything stop them in their goal of vengeance . So I remember that this movie did n't recklessly place the average American soldier in the level of some wannabe criminal . Soldiers like Michael J. Fox 's character in the movie made their attempts to stop these crimes from taking place , but they still happened , and this movie , which is a pretty big action-thriller , will remind everyone of that .
 Brian De Palma 's `` Casualties of War '' is not easy to watch , even for the most seasoned of `` cineastes '' . Under the influence of war and the warmakers human beings are capable of behavior that defies comprehension . And the behavior of these men , with the mysterious exception of Pvt Errikson -LRB- Michael J. Fox -RRB- , is indeed beyond comprehension.How any decent veteran or man could object to this film also defies comprehension . It is not anti-military or anything of that kind . On the contrary , one would have to say after a thorough review of the actual story behind the rape , torture and murder of this Vietnamese girl -LRB- she was between the ages of 16 and 18 -RRB- , Pvt Errikson -LRB- whoever he really is -RRB- is an example of the greatest and most courageous form of patriotism
 I saw this movie in the theater in the late 80s and liked it . Seeing it on DVD it is still a good movie . The movie has it 's limitations -LRB- hence only 4 stars -RRB- . Illogically the mainly white soldiers wander around the jungles of Vietnam at night without the safety benefit of any camoflauging blackface ? And some of the scenes and acting are uneven and do not always fit together well . Despite these shortcomings it is still a good movie . Ennio Morricone 's score adds to the emotional weight of the film and many of the actors do give good performances . Ving Rhames , Dave Dye and Sean Penn as the Sergeant are all excellent.Michael J. Fox takes a break from his usual comedy roles to give a capable performance as PFC Erikson . Erikson faces a personal crisis when his Sergeant hatches a plan to kidnap a Vietnamese girl and take her out on patrol with the squad in order to use her sexually . The others in the squad jump right in and follow the Sergeants lead and brutally assualt the girl . PFC Erikson puts himself in jeopardy when he refuses to take part . He immediately finds himself an outcast as he senses his buddies are growing reluctant to watch his back.This movie is not nearly as good as Platoon or Full Metal Jacket but is much better than the pretentious Hamburger Hill . These movies were all released in the late 80s when all of a sudden filmakers wanted to get the Vietnam story out there . The movie , to me , does not glorify war , nor is it anti war . It is about how one person fights to stay true to his moral beliefs even when everyone seems to have abandoned their beliefs . The moral implications the movie examines , albeit on a much smaller scale , are somewhat reminescent of Schindlers List . What would a moral person do during extraordinary circumstances when everyone around them seems to have abandoned their humanity . When people around them have no problem murdering , raping or enslaving vulnerable persons . After the chaotic situation in the jungle PFC Erikson faces an indifferent military bureaucracy that would rather not hear his story . This compelling movie is based on a real incident and has emotional weight .
 The greatest Brian De Palma film -- and I 'm a huge De Palma fan . Better than even Carrie and Dressed To Kill , because it 's real -LRB- from a New Yorker article by Daniel Lang , screenplay adapted by David Rabe -RRB- . The performances , especially by Sean Penn and Thuy Thu Le , are virtually astonishing . Ditto the cinematography -LRB- Stephen H. Burum -RRB- and the original score -LRB- Ennio Morricone -RRB- . I 'm a Lesbian Feminist , and I think this movie should finally put to rest the notion that De Palma hates women , or like to watch them being brutalized . He 's a great artist ; and here he 's at the top of his craft . A truly unforgettable masterpiece .
 Since I watched to Penn in this film I predicted for him a heavy weight actor . To win in such exigent role and show the dark side of the human being with the merciless treatment with a Vietnamese girl . He was so convincing that he gets to be hated by the viewer , far beyond a simple entertainment exercise.The whole film however suffers of an effective dramatic sequence , the long and sensationalism scenes lack of expressiveness , the election of Fox was not appropriate . You may think in other options such James Spader , John Cussack , Ray Liotta and Robert Downey Jr for instance whose face exhibits noblesse but also fiercenss when the moment demands it . Fox is excessively kindness but consider you are in the middle of the hell , and not in a beautiful suite of Manhattan.Curiously De Palma who has astonished us so many times with his magical camera handle is in this case too restrictve , abuses of the flash backs and incredibly the film do not own that phlegmatic energy that characterizes this well gifted director . You can feel De Palma does not know to walk in this territory
 `` Casualties of War '' was directed by Brian de Palma and stars Michael J. Fox , Sean Penn , and a good list of supporting actors.After their squad gets attacked and some soldiers are killed , the unit is sent out on a long-range patrol , led by Sean Penn. . He decides to kidnap a Vietnamese girl to take with them as some `` portable R & R '' along the way.The girl is raped by the members of the squad , except Michael J. Fox , who tries unsucessfully to prevent it . Later , the girl is murdered by the same men so that another approaching group of Americans in helicopters will not see her.Although Fox tells his superior officers about it , no one is enthusiastic about bringing charges against the men . Eventually they see their day in court and some measure of justice is handed out.The DVD contains a 30-minute `` making of '' documentary with clips and comments by dePalma and other crew members , an 18-minute interview with clips from Michael J. Fox , 5 deleted scenes -LRB- one that includes the girl 's scarf gives added meaning to the last scene -RRB- , and the usual set up options.One of many Vietnam war movies , `` Casualties of War '' ranks near the top due to the difficult subject and generally good acting .
 This is the best war movie ever made . `` Casualties of War '' is an amazing accomplishment by director Brian De Palma . The story of a soldier -LRB- Michael J. Fox -RRB- who reports his squad for the rape and murder of a Vietnamese woman during Vietnam . He lives in fear and is assumed the enemy for not participating in the heinous acts . The squad leader -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB- has no moral conscious and his ego gets the best of him . Ving Rhames gave a speech about justice and was extremely right on . You ca n't beat the system , but when it 's to do the right thing , then you must try .
 Admirers of Brian De Palma 's `` Casualties of War '' are in for a real treat when they check out the DVD . If you 've only seen the pan-and-scan version , this will blow you away . In addition , Laurent Bouzereau contributes his usual high quality `` making-of '' and retrospective featurettes . Michael J. Fox 's recollections of making the film are fascinating . Plus deleted scenes ! With the release of special editions of `` Dressed to Kill '' and `` Carrie '' along with the bare bones but still essential `` Blow Out '' , 2001 has been a great year for Brian DePalma discs .
 One of the most underrated war films of all time . Originally bombed at the box office , this vietnam based war film stars Michael J. Fox as Eriksson , a member of an American squadron stationed in the deepest jungles of Southeast Asia . After his friend is killed in war , Sgt. Meserve -LRB- played by Sean Penn -RRB- wants revenge , so he leads his men to invade the home of a young vietnamese girl -LRB- Thuy Thu Lee -RRB- , and to take her so that the squad can `` have a little fun '' . Throughout the film , the squad -LRB- excluding Eriksson -RRB- repeatedly gags , ties up , and rapes the innocent girl . When it 's Eriksson 's turn to take a shot at the girl , he does n't want to do so . He tries his hardest to comfort the girl , and to make sure she stays alive . Eriksson decides to try to help her escape the hell she is going through , but he ca n't help her by himself . After the squad kills the girl , Eriksson tries to report the tragedy that he has witnessed , and bring justice to the front line , but his fellow soldiers loathe him for trying to do so . Definitely a must see . De Palma does n't show us any nudity during the rape scenes , but the film deserves it 's R rating .
 THE IDEA HERE IS HOW THE PEOPLE NOT THE SOLDIERS WERE TREATED AND HOW WAR CAN BRING OUT EVIL IN MANY PEOPLE
 The Bottom Line : Largely overlooked then and now , Casualties of War is an exceptionally well-made story hampered only slightly by an unnecessary framing device that does not make much sense in the context of the film ; great performances -LRB- especially by Sean Penn and Dale Dye -RRB- carry the harrowing story to an apt conclusion .
 This is Michael J Fox 's at his best . The movie is very good . I can watch this one over and over . Good cast , except Sean Penn overacts his character . Definitely worth viewing .
 bought 13 items and were all shipped together . postage costs were $ 8.00 but i was charged $ 35.00 , , , , , , should develop a policy on combined shipping .
 A true account of injustice ? humbug ! It 's another Yeehawww Yankee doodle using poor young innocent vietnamese girl movie with some bad acting . Then it becomes an old womens support group with Foxie the flower child running the show.Foxie is hateable in this movie . I think foxie thought he was in his former movie `` back to the future '' . I bet the anyone who hates americans will get comfort from this movie .
 I know the soldier on whom the character of Sven was based , and the incident portrayed in the movie impacted his life in a major way . Due to death threats from the comrades he turned in for their crimes , he and his wife decided not to have children . At the time , they felt that the risk to their own lives and any family they might start were too great . Fortunately , nothing ever came of the threats , even after the rapists/murderers got out of prison . But this gentle , compassionate , loving couple was kept from having a family due to the shadow on their lives.American servicemen are just as guilty of such atrocities today . We 've already seen stories of how they rape their own female comrades in Iraq and Afghanistan . No wonder the people whose countries we occupy hate the `` Ugly Americans . ''
 Brian De Palma took advantage of the post-Platoon glasnost to put this mini-My Lai centre-stage , and made Casualties of War the only Vietnam film to make American evil its subject . Though he softened its horrors after appalled previews , it was a flop , of course . No surprise to all non-Americans . An important movie , shunned by too many Americans .
 This is one of those movies which puts you exactly in the events , and feel and witness the same events and plights of the movies `` hero '' . Eriksson is a US soldier , who like all soldiers in vietnam it seems just wants to get home with all his god-given limbs and bits and bobs in place , but unfortunately for our hero , fate isnt so kind to him just yet.His 5 man patrol ends up kidnapping a vietnamese girl from her village in the dead of night , and the first horror were treated to is a heart broken mother watching her screaming daughter being carried off.Over the course of the movie the 4 other members of the patrol , lead by a possibly psychopathic soldier played by sean penn , rape and abuse the young vietnamese woman , while PFC Eriksson watches on helplessly ... desperate to help , but scared of his squadmates turning on him in the vietnamese jungle.One of Eriksson 's squadmates initially has the same concerns of raping the young woman , but after bullying and peer pressure by his squadmates , he gives in and `` takes his turn '' , therefor becomming one of the bad guys and leaving Fox 's character alone with his desperation to stop these crimes , it seems throughout the movie the urge to stand up for the young woman is always just beneath the surface , but knowing full well the dangerous situation of being trapped in the jungle with enemy 's on all sides , including his squad-mates should he push them too far , he is stuck with his desperation to help , always just below the surface , but never quite strong enough to do somethnig at his own risk.To sum it up it ends with the horrible murder of the young woman ... what i personally considor one of the msot powerful scenes of the movie , after being stabbed twice by a trigger-kill happy member of the squad , and probably the Sarge 's closest ally in the movie , the vietnamese woman pulls herself to her feet , ill , emotionally broken down , abused , and now bleeding from stab wounds , she seems to stagger along slowly , in a zombie state , as the American unit around her engage a vietnamese enemy in the valley below , alerted by Eriksson to stop the initial murder of the girl.Penn stares in disbelief as she staggers past him , at this point penn 's character gave me a bit of hope that his disbelief would allow her to just walk away ... but not to be , he calls for his men , and shouts to them she 's getting away ... not that this matters now and if someone had any snippet of human decency left they would allow her to go , in the final act of creulty and inhumanity , Penn 's character rifle-butts Erikssons head , leaving him grounded and slipping into unconciousness , they turn on the girl , and shoot her.Throughout the movie i often expected something to happen , unfortunately this movie acheived its aim , these were based on a real event and in the realities of American wars there is never a saviour to save the abused civillians from some soldiers who have no moral fibre.One scene i expected her to be saved was near to her death , Eriksson was helping her escape to safety when one of his squad-mates returns and asks what he 's doing ... he pauses , and then claims `` nothing '' thus foiling his escape attempt , normally , the hero in this scene would shoot the squad-mate and make good his escape , but this movie doesnt play around with war-movie feel goods , and gives no releif to the viewer from the emotion and torment of the girls suffering ... ultimately her fate is sealed.The movie finishes up its last scenes portraying Erikksons character trying to get justice for the girl , while his immediate superiors dont care , and his former squad-mates from the patrol try and kill him ... eventually , with the help of an army chaplin , he gains justice for the girl , the men of the guilty unit are sent to a court-marshall and sent to prison ... its finally over ... or is it ? . The movie finishes with Erikssons character bringing a scarf from a bus left behind by a strangely familiar looking asian woman.She seems to relise he has had a bad dream , and then states `` its over now '' , the movie finishes with a scene over a lush green and sunny american park , the asian woman walking away into the distance.The ending didnt seem to fit for me personally , it wasnt the end , the girl was still dead and the memories still in erikssons mind , i thought the ending was cheap , and cheapened the entire movie , the movie went to great length to make you , the veiwer feel the same plight as erisksson and desperation to help the vietnamese girl , who ultimately died , yet the ending trie 's to convey a sense of `` everything is hunky-dorey again '' when it isnt ... the girl is still dead , though she got some form of justice , and eriksson still carries the memories of those horrible events , it seemed the movie could have done with the type of ending that other war movies have had , in which ... yes the war is over ... but the memories and pain of the soldiers isnt.All in all a good movie , it touched me so much i could still see that girls face when i closed my eyes to sleep , suffice to say i dont envy the veterans who have had to carry such burden of memory , the movie allows common joe , those of us not there , to feel what eriksson felt , and to come to the same conclusions ... that if we can not maintain our principles and humanity in war , then we are no better then the enemies we fight.Suffice to say , dont watch if you want an all american feel good war movie , even for a vietnam movie this is a deep and touching one that portrays the realities of war rather then the all american hooha feel goods.I ask myself the same questions eriksson 's character asks himself ... is it really all over ? ... im just a viewer and even i find it hard to forget the movie , its meant to imprint itself on you and effect you , and it does .
 I enjoy Michael and Sean in many movies . I was delighted with their performance in Casualties . I enjoy most movies about that war , because I was there . A lot of the stuff depicted in all the movies about Nam is hollywood imagination , but a good lot of it is true . The theme of this movie is right on the money about some of the stuff that went on there . There is so much that has not been told yet , and probably wo n't be . There is a limit to what even Hollywood can present on film .
 Interesting film set in Vietnam brings up the whole issue of morality in war . Can morality exist in war ? Is there such an animal ? In such a graphic film depicting death , carnage and rape where does one draw the line ? Penn is excellent as usual but Fox probably cast for his mere presence , as a character of virtue may be the real casualty here that diminishes the impact of the director 's intentions . This film contains one of Ennio Morricone 's best latter scores .
 The premise of this story is believeable , and intriguing . The acting was good but not excellent . I watched it to see MJF who was one of the saving graces of the film
 kind of hard to watch , but still a good movie tough , a very realistic tale of what happens behind the scene of a war .
 Unfairly ignored during it 's initial release this movie deserves another chance.Unlike most war movies this film concentrates not on battles but the heinous acts of some soldiers as they kidnap a girl rape and abuse her.Michael J. Fox plays the one soldier who tries to stand up and do the right thing.Fox proves he 's got what it takes to hold his own in a serious part -LRB- even better than Bright Lights Big City -RRB- and Sean Penn is riveting as the soldier who takes things too far.I saw this in theaters in 1989 and it left me shaken and surprisingly years later it still has n't lost it 's impact.Director Brian DePalma who usually makes stylish gimmick loaded films does a great job here with the serious subject matter.The haunting score by Ennio Morricone that accompanies the poor girl 's ordeal will stay in your mind for a very long time.Tough to watch but extremely worthwhile if you 're looking for powerful cinema .
 1 . I 'm neither a fan of Penn or Fox , but it 's irrelevant because this is one incredible movie . I forgot how I came across this movie ; I think via cable in some motel many moons ago . I was so moved with what I saw , I bought the DVD and can now say that this is one of the best war movies I 've seen .2 . Others have well documented what the movie is about ; I 'm just here to second what most folks have already stated -- > highly recommended .
 Casualties of War came out towards the end of the trend of Vietnam War movies in the 1980s after the likes of Oliver Stone , Stanley Rubric and others had tried their hand at it . By the time Brian De Palma 's film came out the public had grown tired of this sub-genre and , despite glowing reviews from critics , Casualties did not perform as well as hoped at the box office . The theatrical version was n't quite the cut that De Palma would have preferred and this new `` Extended Cut '' presents his original intentions.Michael J. Fox was primarily known as a sitcom actor and for a string of lightweight comedies -LRB- Teen Wolf , The Secret of My Success , et al -RRB- but the underrated -LRB- if not flawed -RRB- Bright Lights , Big City hinted at a capacity for drama that he showcased to greater effect in Casualties . Fox does a nice job of conveying the moral dilemma that his character faces . He is the film 's moral centre and the one we are meant to identify with . His scenes with Penn have the requisite intensity with Fox wisely underplaying to Sean Penn 's over-the-top Sergeant.Penn plays the obvious villain of the film and is a real monster . You can see it often in the psychotic gleam in his eyes . At times , his performance veers into caricature as he lays on the New York accent a little too thick and his grotesque facial expressions are a little too garish to be believable . That being said , one has to admire his fearlessness as an actor to play such a truly unlikable character.Penn -LRB- and the rest of the cast -RRB- are let down by David Rabe 's screenplay . He has essentially written a morality play but it resorts to broad strokes when shades of gray would have been much more effective -LRB- as in Mystic River which showcased Penn 's talents much more effectively -RRB- . Rabe does a good job with the relationships between the soldiers and how the younger , more inexperienced ones are subservient to the veterans because that is their right - they 've earned it due to their experience in combat . Casualties of War is a flawed film but a visually interesting one as is customary with De Palma 's body of work . He expertly uses the entire widescreen frame in many scenes showing off his command of composition . It 's a shame that the content of the film was n't up to the same quality as the style.This new `` Extended Cut '' runs six minutes longer than the previous edition and mixes some of the deleted scenes from that DVD and some original footage never seen before.New to this edition is `` Eriksson 's War - A Conversation with Michael J. Fox , '' an interview where Fox talks about how he got involved in the film and what attracted him to it . This is an excellent interview with the actor as he recounts several good anecdotes . `` The Making of Casualties of War '' largely features De Palma talking about the movie . He had wanted to make it since he read the original article in 1969 but the opportunity to film it did not present itself until he was able to parlay the success of The Untouchables .
 Casualties of War is a unique film . There are many films that depict wartime atrocities . This one stands above the rest because of it 's character development . We get to know the guilty parties , and they are not purely evil , but are in many ways quite ordinary . They seem like regular US GI 's at first , just trying to survive day by day.Sean Penn 's character -LRB- Sgt Meserve -RRB- leads them into an abyss , and only one of them -LRB- Eriksson , played by Micheal J Fox -RRB- refuses to enter . The others commit murder and rape , while Eriksson cringes . The separate perpetrators display trepidation , anxiousness , remorse and the lack thereof . Other characters exhibit cynicism and callousness . Their victim shows her fear alone.This film is effective because it shows all but one of the soldiers as having different and human sides . Eriksson and Diaz -LRB- John Leguizamo -RRB- know that what is happening is wrong , but one fails to stop it , and the other participates . Meserve comes up with absurd lies to try to justify what they are doing , not only for Eriksson , but for the others , and it seems even for himself . Only one character in this film -LRB- Clark -RRB- is completely inhuman . His sadistic fervor and amoral smugness makes him appear as a monster , plain and simple.This film is effective because it shows seemingly normal men in a descent into utter barbarism . Thuy Thu Le sets the mood for this by portraying the terror of their victim so well . Sympathy for the victim will surely make anyone cringe . But , it is by showing that the perpetrators , except Clark , are like most anyone that this film has its ' strongest affect . How would we each fare if faced by such a situation ? Who among us would stand against it ? Who would succumb to it ? This film strikes deeper than any horror film , with obviously inhuman monsters . It shows real people who become monsters , and is therefore vastly more effective - even more so because it all really happened .
 This review refers to the Columbia/Tri Star DVD edition of `` Casualties of War '' ... A patrol of young soldiers , boys , who have become hardened men in just the few weeks they have been `` in country '' during the Vietnam war , take their roles as American soldiers too far . Much too far . They have kidnapped , raped and murdered a young Vietnamese woman after dragging her out of her hut in the middle of the night . All but one , have it in their heads , that it makes no difference , they are probably just seconds away from becoming a war casualty themselves . Taking their cue from a young , but toughened sargeant , they convince themselves for any number of reasons , that what they did , does not really matter.One Soldier , PFC Eriksson , refuses to participate in such an atrocity . Standing up to the others , and actually disobeying an order to take his turn he opens himself up to the wrath of the rest . He feels it DOES matter what you do , in possibly your last few minutes on earth , and feels it is even more important to do the right thing before you go . Forced to listen and watch as a human life is abused , then destroyed , Eriksson feels he must do something more to avenge the woman and heal himself.His guilt at not doing enough to save her is taking a toll on him . At great risk he reports this story up the chain of command . The response is no better then the soldiers involved . What does it matter now?The story is based on actual events that were first reported in the `` New Yorker '' magazine in the late 1960 's . . Director Brian DePalma 's powerful look at the brutalities of war that go beyond the battlefield is one that will stay with you for quite some time after the view . It 's a hard film to watch . One that will take quite an emotional toll on you , and leave you thinking about it.The cast is immaculate in their roles . We feel what they are feeling . Michael J Fox took a big step away from his comedy roles , to make this film , and gave us an exceptional performance as the guilt ridden , emtionally drained Erikkson . Sean Penn delivers the goods as usual at his turn as the Sergeant , who is losing his grip on reality , yet is powerful enough to lead others to do wrong . Thuy Thu Le plays the victim , she perhaps digs the deepest of all . Her emotions are so raw and real , you may feel like you want to leap through your screen and save her yourself.John C Reilly , Don Harvey and John Leguizamo , turn in excellent performances as they rest of the patrol as well.The music by the illustrious Ennio Morricone brings even more of the haunting feeling to this already very emotional story.If you are looking for a war story that is all action , you should pass this one by . Although we do get a good taste of what it is like for the men on the battlefield , this is a morality play . It goes beyond the horrific loss on the field of battle . It deals with what this war did to the minds and hearts of those who survived , as well as the innocent victims of the war.The DVD is an excellent buy . All of the fabulous cinematography is presented in widescreen . You have the choice of DD5 .1 or 2 channel surround , and sounds great . There are subtitles in English as well as several others . Bonus material includes an enlightening conversation with Fox entitled `` Erikkson 's War '' -LRB- a must see after the view -RRB- , the making of , trailers , production notes , and deleted scenes.I do n't view this film very often . It just takes too much out of me . But it is one that I would n't ever part with and is a fine addition to the films depicitng the atrocities of the Vietnam warIt really matters ... Lauriealso recommended : -LRB- see my reviews for details -RRB- Into the DMZ A Battle History of Operation Hickory , May 1967 , VietnamApocalypse Now -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -LSB- VHS -RSB- Saving Private Ryan/Amistad
 Director Brian DePalma explained during the excellent `` Marking Of '' feature that he had wanted to make this film for nearly two decades . Why do so many truly great stories take soooooo long to reach the screen ? Is it because studio executives believe everything must be dummy-downed or that American audiences ca n't bear to watch a real horror story like `` Casualties of War '' ? And this is a truly gut-wrenching story . You do n't just watch this movie , turn the `` off '' switch and that 's it . This story stays with you . It should . `` Casualties of War '' depicts , painfully and directly , the dehumanizing nature of war . Yet , through Michael J. Fox 's character -LRB- Eriksson -RRB- , we see that even under these extreme circumstances , the most courageous people cling to their humanity . They do n't completely resign from the human race.Personally , I consider this film far superior to any other made about the Vietnam war -- better than the much overrated `` Platoon '' and even `` Apocalypse Now . `` For `` Casualties of War '' puts a very real human face on its story . While much has been said about Sean Penn 's menacing and Michael J. Fox 's tormented performances -- both are excellent -- I wo n't soon forget Thuy Thu Le , the actress who portrayed the innocent girl raped and butchered.I 'm flabbergasted that one critic called this film `` unbearable '' because the victim was given so little to say and was so passive . Just how aggressive was this tiny `` girl '' supposed to be when confronted by an armed squad ? She spoke but no one could understand her . They did n't care what she had to say . She was n't human to them . And that 's the whole point.What will haunt me when I recall this movie is the expressions on Thuy Thu Le 's face . Horrified . Frighted . Confused . Innocent.Her performance , indeed , makes `` Casualties of War '' unbearable , from her screams as she 's taken in the black of night , to her wide-eyed fear as she quakes when Michael J. Fox cleans her wounds . Thuy Thu Le 's performances makes you wince.I commend De Palma for not flinching . He did n't try to soften the blows . He wanted us to be disturbed by what we witness.We care desperately for this girl . We want her to be saved . We want someone to do the right thing.And we know she is doomed.I 'm surprised some studio huncho did n't say , `` The hell with the true story . We ca n't make a movie in which the girl is n't saved . `` In the end , we as an audience are faced with the painful fact Eriksson must live with -- that she could have and should have been saved , but was n't . Eriksson realized , even in war , that there is still a line between right and wrong . He had the courage not to cross it , yet he will be forever guilt-strickened by his failure to stop the others who did . `` Casualties of War '' is a masterpiece , and as I look at it again with fresh eyes on DVD , I 'm still amazed it did not receive more acclaim . With so much junk being put on film today , we need to recognize art -- even `` gritty , hard-to-look-at '' art -- such as `` Casualities of War . ''
 Along with Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket , Casualties of War is one of the finest films about the Vietnam war . It should not , however , be viewed in the format available on VHS cassette , which is panned and scanned -LRB- at times , half of the image is missing -RRB- . Like all De Palma films , it ideally should be viewed in a theater on a huge screen with stereo sound in order to achieve its full , emotionally draining , and audio-visually stunning impact . Since that opportunity wo n't come very soon for most people , wait until it comes out on DVD , at least so that you can get the letterboxed image and digital sound . Fox , Penn , Leguizamo , Reilly and the rest of the cast give memorable , at times haunting performances . Morricone 's thoughtful score is exquisitely , operatically dramatic . And De Palma , muting some of his more baroque techniques , neverthless continues to explore his recurrent thematic concerns , pushing them to their logical conclusions in a war genre that is new to him only in environment if not in spirit -LRB- most of his films are about violent atrocities perpetrated by men -RRB- . The film failed at the box office when it was released in theaters , probably because it disturbed audiences who wanted a friendlier vision of Vietnam , in which American soldiers were at least martyrs , if not heroes -LRB- such as Platoon , Born on the 4th of July , Coming Home , and the like -RRB- . Other viewers complained that De Palma made his film too late in the Vietnam cycle , that his film retold a too familiar story . But this criticism is actually one of the film 's merits and intentions
 This is easily the most true-to-life of all the Vietnam war movies . Much more believable than `` Platoon '' , which relegated many of its characters to cartoonish caricatures , such as Junior and Bunny . In THIS film , the personalities are very recognizable as the very sort of young men who either enlisted or were drafted into that war . The characters of Meserve , Clark , Diaz , Hill and others are clearly drawn on real people and are recognizable as post war personalities , peculiar to the sixties especially , of not particularly high character.After repeated frustrations in battle , and spurred by the death of one of their number at the hands of the VC , Meserve , CO of the platoon , decides to abduct and gang rape a Vietnamese girl as revenge for the death , something most of the rest of the platoon thinks is a good idea . Ericksson , the new guy with the moral standards , opts out of the gang rape , and he thinks he has an ally in Diaz , a hispanic private of peripheral importance to the story , but when pressed by Meserve to join in , he quickly abandons Ericksson , who is left alone to report the incident to the brass of the company.He 's met with stonewalling and sympathy for the PERPETRATORS , rather than cooperation , and he readily feels like HE is being cast as the villain , trying to spoil the `` fun '' of the others . Throughout all this , he has but ONE ally , a fella from another company who seems to think just like he does . Someone along the chain of command , though , also must have been in his corner , because after the girl is shot and killed by Meserve , he and the rest are all brought up on charges for the rape and murder of a civilian.Ericksson also has to endure Cpl.Clarke , a character who 's actually a little more menacing than Meserve , with sunken eyes and the look and behavior of a drugged-up madman . Oddly enough , at first , just like in Platoon , Ericksson actually ADMIRES Meserve for saving his life , like Taylor initially admired Barnes , but empirical experience soon reveals what a dangerous group he 's a part of . The psycho-drama , pathos and tension of this film is palpable , and it has to be one of the best Vietnam war movies as far as drama is concerned , and is definitely one of the best De Palma movies.Make sure only the people you know with the strongest stomachs watch this film , because it IS grueling in parts . But still very , very important and poignant .
 War is a dirty thing . It 's not like it is usually shown in majority of movies . War is about killing , mayhem , betrayal and rape . `` Casualties ... '' is just about this kind of war.I was actually astonished by Michael J. Fox 's work - I was n't expecting such a superb and truthful acting from him . He 's a good actor but I did n't know he 's that good . In general the cast is outstanding - performances of John Leguizamo , John Reilly and Sean Penn are awesome . When you watch these guys you really believe all that 's happening is truth.This film is about how thin is this line that separates sane from insane , decency from dishonesty , man from animal . This line is easy to cross but I 'm afraid there 's no coming back . Along with Michael J. Fox 's character we all are asking ourselves this question
 Many people -LRB- including the great Pauline Kael -RRB- have an interpretation of the ending that differs from mine . I do not think the ending offers ` phony uplift ' , not do i think that having hime come out of a dream it diminishes the reality of what has happened before.For me , Ericsson is still tortured by what has happened , which is why he ca n't help staring at the women -LRB- played by the same actress as the girl who was raped and murdered -RRB- . And when the music rises to a crescendo and Ericsson looks up to the sky , its clear to me that he can only half believe that his torment is over . Certainly he seems grateful to be out of that hellish world , but the experience has left a mark on him that will never be outlived .
 CASUALTIES OF WAR -LRB- USA - 1989 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 This is one of the most disturbing films I have ever seen . It is a war movie that goes so far beyond war itself that Vietnam almost seems an afterthought . This DVD does not showcase an specific battle or heroic stand , nor does it document any significant persons or events in the war.Rather , the approach of this story is far more basic
 Casualties of War , despites some of its flaws , is quite faithful to the original text which was a true story . Not many people realize that `` Sven Eriksson '' is a real person who actually experienced much of what Michael J. Fox 's character went through in the movie.But does it work as a movie ? For the most part , yes . The two glaring problems with Casualties is the ending and some of the soundtrack music which DePalma uses to excess.The ending , as it 's explained within the DVD extras , is purposely presented as uplifting . We see Eriksson on a San Francisco BART train awaking from his bad dream/memories . He sees a girl who could be the one who was murdered and raped in Vietnam . He calls out the Vietnamese girl 's name . The woman responds that he must have had a bad dream , but it 's all over now . And then we get the `` uplifting '' music that rises to a crescendo.Upon viewing the movie for a second time this ending is particularly bad . DePalma argues in the DVD extras that this positive ending was meant as a way to give the audience some relief . However , it 's so hammy that it belittles the true story that precedes it . It 's all a dream , it 's all over , everything is now OK . But everything is not OK and everything is not over.Which brings me to the one thing that this DVD should have offered - more information about the true story behind the movie . Why not go to Vietnam and show where the incidents actually took place ? `` Eriksson '' is actually a pseudonym of the real man who has apparently been in hiding due to death threats from the men he helped put in prison . How about some more information about where these men are today ? Perhaps nothing more can be offered about Eriksson , but at least we could have been shown in the DVD what happened to the men who committed the crimes.I give the DVD five stars because this story is important . Americans so quickly forget these kinds of true stories . We quickly sweep them under the rug and say it does n't matter . Casualties helps brings us back to reality , albeitly in a rather flawed manner .
 In this powerful movie , American soldiers who invade a foreign land are floundering in the chaos of combat with both enemies and civilians who do n't want them there . The Americans are seen as barbarians who are ignorant of everything , including the customs of the country . `` Casualties of War '' was made in 1989 , long before America 's current misadventures in Iraq . But just substitute desert wasteland for humid jungle to sense the deja vu this film evokes today . Everything has changed . Nothing has changed.Cast against type , Michael J. Fox is just fine , surprisingly , as a GI who applies morality to human behavior whatever the circumstance , in this case another unnecessary American war , in Vietnam . Sean Penn is even finer , unsurprisingly , as the sergeant who orders his squad to kidnap , rape and murder a civilian girl because war excuses everything , even blood lust . Fox does not participate and for that is punished by his squad and his conscience . When he tells the high command , he is dismayed to discover that `` nobody cares . '' Is there a parallel here ? `` Casualties of War '' stings like truth . Playwright David Rabe based his script on New Yorker reportage , later enlarged into a book . Brian DePalma directs with his usual fluidity and appreciation of horror , notably the victimization of the girl , a touching Thuy Thu Le standing-in for an entire people . Fox 's work is poignant in light of the actor 's later ill health , and there 's subtle support from John C. Reilly and John Leguizamo . You have to go back to Stanley Kubrick 's two combat classics , `` Paths of Glory '' and `` Full Metal Jacket , '' for an indictment of war as unsettling as this .
 I was a little underwhelmed by our stars performances in say the first half hour . It was n't really until the entrance of the Vietnamese actress that things started to ` get real ' in terms of acting . From the point where she enters , you can feel the tension in the air , and seems to bring the boys to a whole new level . Her acting is fantastic . They could n't have found better for the part . She was completely beleivable and truly heartbreaking in her unaffected playing out of the role.I liked Michael J Fox in this a lot too , and I did n't think I would at first . Seeing the ex-Family Ties sit-com star suddenly out in the jungles of Vietnam was testing my powers of forgetfulness -LRB- i.e. my ability to forget all the shows I 'd already seen him in , mostly comedy -RRB- . He plays the protagonist in this one . Again , I was n't really buying it in the beginning , but as the movie continued , so did my appreciation for Michael J Fox . Of course , it 's natural that we side with the good guy , and he is ` the hero ' in this movie , but besides the fact that we sympathize with his plight , his acting is serious and his presence beleivable . I wo n't say that all the scenes in this movie are beleivable , especially from a military perspective . It 's obviously Hollywood in more than one instance , but it was still great to see Fox 's powers bearing down on a dramatic role once the movie really got started.And once the story got started , there really was no turning away from it , much as you hate to witness what you know is going to go down . When that happens , the intrigue continues with the dilemma of what to do next - ignore it or seek justice?Sean Penn was ok -LRB- was that a Brooklyn accent ? -RRB- though some of the other supporting actors -LRB- John C Reilly in particular -RRB- kind of bugged . At least at this point , we 've seen their faces in so many different movies , that it becomes difficult to disassociate them from prior , or -LRB- as this movie was from ' 89 -RRB- later performances and beleive them in this one . Often they seemed to have a kind of self-conscous ` acting-ness ' in their acting . In other words , it did n't seem natural . It seemed like Hollywood actors pretending to be soldiers in Vietnam , and I do n't know if this was due to their already being established screen personalities , or too much ` acting ' on their parts . By contrast , the same could not be said of the Vietnamese girl . And it was probably she -LRB- and her acting -RRB- that helped bring out better performances from some of the others.This dvd has worthwhile special features which include ' A Conversation with Michael J Fox ' and ` The Making of Casualties of War ' which gives us interview time with Brian DePalma . It 's nice to be able to hear Fox and DePalma talk about the movie in separate interviews after you watch the movie .
 I think that stories like this happenes in the time of War . The only think is that we did not enjoy this moivie is thatyou can tell that Penn is acting especially during that rapescene where his face get all blushed . Michael on the otherhand I think that was great . But with that title De Palma couldhave invented a much better movie . But in the end I think thatits great and that one should give it a try
 This riveting drama is enhanced by excellent casting . Each character seems ideally suited to their role and delivers skilled acting . One 's interest is maintained by a well crafted plot and potent dialog . Considering the combat scenario the violence and foul language are realistic and not excessive . The actors are easy on the eyes . Michael J. Fox is a treasure of talent and sports the clean cut good looks we expect from him . Background music was good quality though not a strong asset . A small and appropriate dose of comic relief also graced the screen . Fox delivers the humorous line , `` He ai n't rendezvoused with his brain recently '' making his character all the more endearing . This is a work of art I not only enjoyed , but I respect .
 For many years I avoided Viet Nam era war movies . It seemed hollywood was never able to present a reasonable portrayal of the period . This movie never seemed to grope with that problem . I 've read reviews of this film that criticize Fox 's acting -LRB- both his ability and style -RRB- , trying to say he 's no different in this film than in his prior comedy roles . Nothing could be further from the truth . Fox delivers a powerful yet believeable performance in Casualties of War . He becomes a seasoned combat soldier while at the same time retaining his humanity . I will also agree with other reviewers who have pointed out that this movie is one that leaves you feeling drained but remains one to keep because it is full of emotional content , superb acting , and a well told tale .
 I watched this movie back in 1992 with my mom . I believe I was 12yrs old and it really broke my heart . I really hated how they raped the woman . I actually cried . I do like that the soldier , PFC Eriksson took a stand against those monsters . PFC. Antonio Diaz played by John Leguizamo was a big time loser for not standing up and voicing how he really felt.The really really crazy thing is that this type of activity could take place anywhere , like a party , work place or even college campus . This film takes you on an emotional rollercoaster.If I could give it 5 stars I would . I am watching the film right now . its at the part where the girl is burning up sick . All I am doing is shedding tears . its so not right .
 casualties of war showed us the meaning of the title ! m.fox did a great job in this one!if you like war storys , this one should be in the top ten list !
 Casualties of War is probably the most insightful , thought-provoking Hollywood movie ever to deal with the Vietnam war , and one of the very finest war films ever made . Because its position is n't just `` anti-war '' -- it 's a call to compassion , to awareness , and to empathy , and it makes it plain that , if we were at all in possession of these things , the war would never have been possible in the first place . It exposes war -- violence -- not only as unnecessary and unjustifiable , but as inhuman ; as beneath us ; and yet , at the same time , as the inevitable side effect of our collective ignorance , what is destroying us.From -LSB- ... -RSB-
 An enduring statement about the conflicts that exist between morality and circumstance , character and expediancy , steadfastness and complacency , and the war that each of us has to fight for ourselves in our own minds during times of trouble.Great performances from Penn -LRB- as usual -RRB- and a very -LRB- unexpectedly -RRB- believable Michael J Fox.The real question is what and who are the real Casualties of war ? Not to be missed .
 This has very good production value for a very low budget independent film . Worth seeing for the acting by the leads . The script is at times a little mixed but shows ability . The line producer and the director of photography did a great job to give this a very rich look . Worth the time to see what you can do with just a little money .
 This producer was willing to use an unknown musical composer to submit a song for one of the scenes and the rolling of the credits . I feel this was a great lift to budding artists everywhere .
 This has very good production value for a very low budget independent film . Worth seeing for the acting by the leads . The script is at times a little mixed but shows ability . The line producer and the director of photography did a great job to give this a very rich look . Worth the time to see what you can do with just a little money .
 1 The intriguing transfer student2 The revival of the boy 's basketball team3 The practice game opponents are ... 4 Winning Spirit5 The Crippled comebackIf you like Slam Dunk you may want to check this show out since there are enough similarities and differences to make this show worth watching . Even if you hate Slam Dunk you may want to give this show a try since it has a simple but fun storyline , with likeable characters , and some catchy music . The story begins with Kazuhiko Aikawai an ace basketball player at only 5 ft. 8 inches . After leading his high school Tendoj high to the National championships Aikawai transfers to Mizuho high . He decides to go there because he has lost his ability to enjoy playing basketball since his previous school was focused on winning only.On his first day at Mizuho high school Aikawai learns that Mizuho has a great basketball team ; however it the girls basketball team . The girl 's basketball team has gone to the regionals 6 times . While the boy 's basketball team has n't been active in a long time since the star point guard Fujiwara got into an altercation with the team 's former coach.Since Aikawai loves basketball he is determined to get the boys basketball to become active again ; however , the only four players on the boy 's basketball team tend to ignore him . This leads Aikawai to end up spending a lot of time playing with the girl 's basketball team since the girl 's basketball coach thinks he 'll be useful in helping the girl 's improve their game . Even though ace player Aikawai 's practicing with the girl 's basketball team he never acts egotistical while playing with them . He simply acts politely and has fun . Aikawai also never gives up on getting the boys basketball team to play again regardless of their attitudes towards him .
 Aikawa was the captain of Tendoji high school prestigious basket ball team . He moves into a new town to attend Mizuho high and joins the team . However their team is far being prestigious , in fact , it 's a now disfuntional team .
 OK , anime has some great and inspiring sports titles -- Princess Nine comes to mind -- and this is quite inspiring in places . I want to give this a 3.5 , but a 3 would be too petty , so a 4 it gets from here.Frankly , Japanese and basketball go together like strawberries and mustard . Too often have I seen a 5 ' 9 '' Japanese high school -LRB- or even junior high school or even a * female * junior high school -RRB- student dunk all over the place . Sorry , but I subscribe to a few sports magazines , and that just does n't happen on that island.So , it 's inspiring , and I recommend it for the nice story it tells , but you have to swallow one heck of a lot of disbelief to see dunks and 50-footers from Japanese teenagers.I like the sports anime stories when they focus on what the Japanese are great at -LRB- like baseball -RRB- or what they 're decent at -LRB- like soccer < football > -RRB- Once again , I might be too cruel , but it 's amazing when people talk about generations of great Japanese b-ball players ; it 's like talking about generations of great American badminton players . Having said that , the USA just won the badminton world championship -- albeit with an Indonesian import and a second-generation Indonesian.Good for them , and good for Hoop Days .
 Then you certainly could n't go wrong with this purchase . For the rest of us however , not to be persnickity , but NO new and/or exclusive content ? A few never before seen eps -LRB- or maybe a very tasteful Laura Bailey fashion show - Oh , Laura , if anyone ever wronged you , I 'd make them pay in agony ... But I digress -RRB- with the prerequisite `` funimation '' treatment would 've really put this over the top . To recap : Anyone just getting into Shin Chan
 This is one of the funniest shows I have ever had the privilege to watch . It makes no sense , and there is hardly any plot , but it is just a real funny show . I would have liked to see more done with the special features , only a handful of the episodes have a commentary , and there is a few alternate lines type deals , but other than that not a whole lot . Still well worth buying however . I laughed out loud through every episode !
 I see a lot of people complain about it being Americanized . But I really thank them for that . i do n't care to listen to Japanese jokes and seeing an innocent child doing stuff he does n't really know is bad . I like this version and laughed my ass off . It 's really like our other shows that have been successful . It 's like but different form Stewie or Cartman and it 's funnier in my opinion . It 's more racist , sexist , crude , and hilarious than anything I 've seen .
 This show is one of my favorites . If you like crude and rude humor , this one is for you . Shin , family , and friends live in a perverted world , and every episode has a ridiculous -LRB- in a good way -RRB- premise that creates much hilarity!Highly recommended !
 Hey , anyways the show and dvds are great . . But , my problem -LRB- I dont know if its just mine that I received -RRB- is that the episodes from seasons 1 and 2 come in random order . Now i dont know if that is how the dvds are , or if my dvds came defective . At first i didnt take notice , but when i started seeing some of the newer looking animations -LRB- or episodes -RRB- on season one and then it would go back to the older looking episodes i found something weird . Anyways other then that its a great show and great dvds !
 This is great comedy for adults -LRB- for more grown up kids also if allowed with some swearing -RRB- . Much better than expected . And it has a very fine storyline behind .
 This unusual western is filled with not only the regular horse and six-shooters , but a fantastic sword fight between Bob Steele and the badie , Fred Cavins . A young George `` Gabby '' Hayes plays Bob 's sidekick and the end is played out with Bob hopping into his race car and chasing down the escaping bad guy . Very unusual , but as a western ? Well , maybe not that great , but worth it if only for the sword fight which shows some real talent on Bob 's part .
 Monogram Pictures presents `` BREED OF THE BORDER '' -LRB- 1 March 1933 -RRB- -LRB- 58 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Bob Steele was an American actor -- He was born Robert Adrian Bradbury in 1907 in Portland , Oregon , into a vaudeville family -- Bob 's career began to take off for good in 1927 , when he was hired by production company Film Booking Offices of America -LRB- FBO -RRB- to star in a series of Westerns . Bob -- who was rechristened Bob Steele at FBO -- soon made a name for himself , and in the late 1920s , 1930s and 1940s starred in B-Westerns for almost every minor film studio , including Monogram , Supreme , Tiffany , Syndicate , Republic -LRB- including several films of the Three Mesquiteers series -RRB- and Producers Releasing Corporation -LRB- PRC -RRB- -LRB- including the initial films of their `` Billy the Kid '' series -RRB- In the late 1940s and early 1950s , that `` new medium '' television had many hours to fill and few dollars to fill them -- They re-discovered the B-Western , still a popular mainstay of Saturday afternoon matinees and many cowboy stars thrilled a new audience -- Taking advantage of this rebirth in popularity , publishers brought to the marketplace comic books featuring these western heroes of `` Bob Steele '' Westerns -- These bimonthly issues were copyrighted in February and April of 1950 by Fawcet Publications -- His career which included nearly 200 feature films , serials and TV appearances -- Steele in his twilight years at the age 59 when he got the part of the cantankerous `` Trooper Duffy '' , in the western comedy series `` F Troop '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , who at the drop of a hat would give his rendition of fighting `` shoulder to shoulder with Davy Crockett at the Alamo '' -- Steele retired from the screen in 1973 -- Bob 's long career , spanning more than 50 years came to an end in 1988 when he passed away.Under the production staff of : Robert North Bradbury - DirectorTrem Carr - ProducerPaul Malvern - ProducerHarry O. Dean - ScreenwriterHarry L. Fraser - ScreenwriterFaxon Dean - CinematographerOur story line and plot , our hero ` Speed ' Brent -LRB- Bob Steele -RRB- drives Joe -LRB- Ernie Adams -RRB- to the border where his men slug Brent , and he shoots Judge Stafford -LRB- John Elliott -RRB- and takes his bonds -- Brent 's old friend Chuck Wiggines -LRB- George ` Gabby ' Hayes -RRB- arrives and the two head out to find the gang and recover the bonds -- Check out our.hero Bob Steele as he exhibits his fencing abilities opposite Mike Cavins -LRB- Fred Cavens -RRB- , the Hollywood fencing master who here plays one of villain Ernie Adams ' internationally flavored henchmen -- They just do n't make 'em like this anymore.the cast includes : Bob Steele ... ` Speed ' BrentMarion Byron ... Sonia TetfordErnie Adams ... JoeGeorge ` Gabby ' Hayes ... Chuck Wiggins -LRB- as George Hayes -RRB- Henry Roquemore ... Dutch KrauseFred Cavens ... Mike CavinsJohn Elliott ... Judge StaffordPerry Murdock ... Henchman RedBob Card ... Henchman SpudHorace B. Carpenter ... Dr. BatesJack Evans ... BarflyHerman Hack ... BarflyFred Parker ... BarflyHal Price ... Border InspectorBlackie Whiteford ... Saloon BrawlerSPECIAL FEATURES : BIO :1 . Bob Steele -LRB- aka
 Exploring Real Stuff is the real thing . We 're down on the floor kind of parents , and in general , no-TV types , but when I read about this I thought it sounded different . It is . This baby video had my daughter on the edge of her blanket , literally . After watching the adventure that was all about paper , she actually asked for paper and we started to play some of the paper games and talk about all textures and sounds . If I 'm going to put her in front of the TV , I want to make sure it reflects my values about how kids learn . This DVD does that .
 I have two children . They both loved watching the DVD . It seemed the perfect pace and had a good mix of entertainment and education . I was never able to keep them occupied as well with Baby Einstein . Great product !!!!
 We bought all three of the Eebee DVDs and would recommend them . Of the three , I 'd suggest starting with `` All in a days ' play '' if you only get one . That 's the first we bought.What we liked most about Eebee is it featured only scenes of adults , babies , and Eebee playing different games . No computer graphics , no cartoons , no dumb jokes that only an adult would get . You only see things that a child might actually see in real life . It 's a refreshing change to finally find a DVD actually made for children!My son loves watching it and over time understood what was happening . We could play the same games in person , and the DVD gave us some great ideas . The DVD features different children and adults , and they limit Eebee to doing things that any toddler might do . Our son also watches some Japanese kids shows , as well as some other DVDs made by other companies , but they do n't really compare . They 're too abstract , and at times annoying . Put simply , Eebee keeps it real.The one thing to note is there is only about 30 minutes of playtime on this DVD , with another 30 minutes of commentary explaining the best way to play the games shown . That said , when I compared with other DVDs I got like Baby Einstein , they were full of graphics , adverstisements , logos , and filler material -LRB- not to mention lots of corny jokes my son does n't get -RRB- . Baby Einstein is hit and miss for us , and in my opinion not really worth it by comparison . I 'd return it if I had n't got it on sale . Although we 'd like to have seen more footage in Eebee , 30 minutes turns out to be about as much as my son will watch in 1 or 2 sittings anyways.I eventually bought all three DVDs and emailed the makers encouraging them to make more . The funny thing was I only found out about these DVDs because my son liked the Eebee plush toy at our local store , then I found out about the DVDs and ordered one off Amazon . He responded very positively to it around 10 months , although we did n't let him watch regularly until later .
 My 14 month twin boys are glued to the tv when we watch Eebee together ! They giggle when they see little Eebee and love when Eebee plays with the ball . As a mom , I love seeing their faces light up when we watch this DVD . A must for all - I have to get the other DVD 's now too .
 this is a brilliant video . I agree its not a replacement for everyday play and excessive tv watching is not good for anyone ... but from first hand practical experience my daughter just loves this and has certainly learned practical things from it ... we dont put tv on everyday . . just every so often ... if she is restless or ill . . -LRB- or mommy really needs to get something done ... -RRB- she much prefers it to anything else that she has seen in the past ... in fact it is the only dvd that she gets excited about.it is also a wonderful format to copy and and gives you simple but great ideas for easy play -LRB- good for a new parent -RRB- It is was also the only thing that would stop her crying when she was teething ... for this i rate it as one of the most valuable things that we have bought !!!!
 This video is super popular with my 19 month old GD . The rest of us can stand it - it is really really not for older kids/adults . She sees any sort of package to be opened and wants to know if there is a new Eebee in it . Even Barney and Elmo ca n't beat Eebee for her attention . Not sure how long it will last but will really recommend Eebee for the second year of a child 's life . < G >
 My nephew , Damien , and I watched an Eebee 's Adventures DVD last night that was about exploring real stuff . As soon as I put the DVD in , it was like Damien was in a trance . His eyes stayed glued to the TV even as the credits started rolling.This DVD teaches children to feel the texture of different things . The children in the video play with Cheerios and Rice and learn to fill bowls up and to dump them out . They learn about the many things that can be done with paper , such as ripping . This DVD teaches children to experiment in order to learn what can be done with different objects . This is the perfect DVD to teach your young child to explore and make sure they have fun while learning.Thank you to Rebeca from Flair Public Relations and Every Baby Company for sending me this DVD to review.You can check out all the cool DVD 's , books and toys that will teach your child how to learn and have fun here .
 I 'm not sure which one it is , but the songs on this one are n't as good .
 I bought this DVD along with the Eebee plush doll for my 18 mo. old grandson . I have not seen it , but hear it 's a hit !
 Our toddler LOVES all of the Eebee videos . She does n't pay any attention to any other videos .
 My 22 month old son absolutely adores Eebee . He 's been watching him for a few months now and never tires of it . He has learned so much from the videos . My only complaint would be that there are only 3 videos !
 my son is yonger than six months and has been watching for some time he gets absorbed by this he smiles & laughs at it as soon as it comes on we love it
 I enjoyed all of the fun ideas for playtime that you see with Eebee and the children . It was also interesting to get to hear an analysis as to why these skills are important . I think the relaxed and fun atmosphere that the children are playing in was also inspiring . I do n't always feel that relaxed atmosphere in my house , but when I am playing with my daughter -LRB- 8 mos . -RRB- the way they did in the video I feel relaxed . Now I have a lot of great ideas for diverting her attention when she is trying to grab the dogs ' noses !
 This is a very black comedy . It is a Greek film but most of the dialogue is actually in English . Only the voiceover narration is in Greek . It was shot in 1990 by Greek director Nikos Nikolaidis and stars Panayiotis Thanassoulis as the detective and narrator , with Michelle Valley and Meredyth Herold as the psychotic mother and daughter . This incestuous pair of lesbians -LRB- technically bisexual -RRB- live in an isolated mansion playing bondage and sadomasochistic games with each other and with various `` lucky '' visitors who pass their way and who unfortunately all end up buried in the backyard . The film is not at all as dark and forbidding as it may sound . It unfolds in a very tongue-in-cheek manner . It is not a horror movie as such . Neither is it a thriller . It is a weird amalgam of film noir , comedy , bondage film , surrealistic art film and absurdist cinema . It received decidedly mixed reviews , some viewers liking its boldness and novelty , others lambasting it as utter trash . Personally I found it quite intoxicating and will vouchsafe its place as a cult classic.Nikos Nikolaidis is obviously a fan of film noir and of Otto Preminger 's 1944 classic , `` Laura , '' in particular . He borrows heavily from it , everything from the feel of the film , to the storyline , to the photography , to the music . The film opens with David Raksin 's instantly recognisable theme from `` Laura '' which over the years has become synonymous with the noir genre . The music recurs constantly throughout . There is even a vocal version sung by Julie London midway through . The missing woman the detective is searching for is also called Laura . There is a portrait of the daughter in the mansion , very much like the portrait of Laura in Preminger 's film . For those unfamiliar with `` Laura , '' Preminger 's classic tells of how a police detective falls in love with the portrait of a woman whose death he is investigating . He finds out that she is n't actually dead . There follows the suspicion that she may have murdered the woman found in her room . That original plot forms the backstory to Nikolaidis ' bizarre and totally off-tangent `` tribute '' to the earlier work . The events here , if we are to believe the psychotic mother , take place several years after the events of the original film and its presumed happy-ever-after ending . This is what a sequel to Laura might be like in a parallel universe with a director and storyteller high on acid.A knowledge of Preminger 's `` Laura '' would be of benefit in appreciating this movie but it is not a must . On the other hand , fans of the earlier film will almost certainly not look kindly on Nikolaidis ' creation . In fact I see this film having very limited appeal in mainstream America or elsewhere for that matter.The film is beautifully shot , one of the most visually arresting B&W ; films to be made in a long while . Sets are gorgeous despite its low budget origins . The women are dressed to evoke an early-20th-century , silent-film-era look . It is all very beautifully done . And that puts it in stark contrast to the activities that take place in this demented household . There is the standard bondage fare , gagging , leather bindings and a threatened whipping on a St. Andrew 's Cross , all quite erotic if you like that kind of stuff , but in between is more disgusting , some would say revolting fare that is explicitly captured on camera . The women have a fetish for vomiting . They derive sexual pleasure from vomiting on their victims . The mother also enjoys urinating on her victims . You are treated to close ups of the disgusting mess made when masturbating with soft , squishy fruit . There is a scene near the beginning where our psychotic duo happily place the entrails of their victim into glass bowls on their dinner table . You can clearly make out coils of intestines , lobes of a liver and a still beating heart . This is about the time you realise that you 're not in Kansas anymore . And that this is no Hollywood movie . The final death scene , carried out with the aid of a huge knife-dildo , is raptly choreographed to the swelling strains of the famous variation from Rachmaninov 's Paganini Rhapsody . This is a movie I guarantee you 'll never forget . Audiences either love it or hate it . There are no in-betweens . Synapse has unfortunately not managed to obtain the original negatives to this film . The print comes with the English subtitles for the Greek passages permanently burnt in . Because of the less than ideal , overly-contrasted , burnt-in subtitles , Synapse has provided an optional set of English subtitles placed in dark grey blocks which can be superimposed over the originals . Not ideal and not recommended because they block out quite a bit of the picture . Overall the picture quality on this DVD is actually very good . For the first three-quarters of the film , the picture is quite immaculate . Exquisite in fact . The gorgeous black and white photography is beautifully transferred . It 's only in the last quarter where there is an inordinate amount of dirt and various print defects , like circular imprints as well as several instances of missing frames with resultant skips and jumps onscreen . But these are n't all that distracting . Viewers with sensitive constitutions may want to stay away . Viewers with `` good taste '' should also be warned to stay clear . But if you 're up for outlandish perversions , off-the-wall mayhem , all stitched together with a touch of class , this will fit the bill .
 SINGAPORE SLING is one of those films that you are either going to love or hate . I , for one , loved it . I 'm a huge fan of film noir , so this film 's style was right up my alley to begin with . However , there 's a lot more to appreciate than just style . For starters , each of the characters have their own interesting and memorable little quirks and they show right away . The way in which the characters are developed is interesting in itself . They each take turns , basically , narrating the film , yet they each do it in very different ways . This only adds more clarity to these characters and allowed me to see the situation of the film from a very open perspective . As a result , the audience may feel like they are forced to be openminded about the shocking acts that they see in the film . However , I appreciated what the filmmaker was doing . Normally this kind of story needs to be approached in a straightforward way in order for the viewer to be able to take it seriously , but the film works on it 's own twisted logic and manages to develop and commingle with it 's own style so that it does n't have to be taken seriously . Obviously , the people who do take the film seriously will be in for one hell of an emotional roller coaster ride . Otherwise , the film just kind of develops it 's own world and then allows it 's characters and the situations to unfold in their own twisted ways . I liked this approach to the material . It 's the same kind of approach that the film FIGHT CLUB uses , only here we get some semi-strict themes to contend with . The film goes on a bit too long and begins to lose steam at the end , but in general the film is a classic and I can easily see it becoming a cult classic if it finds it 's right audience .
 This is one incredible movie . It is so far beyond a boundary-pushing , transgressive movie experience it is hard to compare it to anything you may have seen . But truly it is a work of International film art , you just have to be able to get past the challenging content . No question it is beautifully filmed , and the set dec is phenomenal . The actors are totally committed and the story structure is very layered and intricate . The theme is death and killing , and the filmmaker builds dread and mistrust and doom into the scenee as the movie moves toward its final conclusion . This is something you will need to see more than once , and it is probably better appreciated once you are used to its extremities .
 It was once said that the whole of a movie should not be in so much whether you like or disliked a movie , but rather , did it leave a lasting impression upon you ? Taking that idea into account , I would have to say that `` Singapore Sling '' is without a doubt an indelible addition to the film noir genre , albeit the bizarro kind . As one of the reviewers has mentioned before , this movie should n't be taken seriously . You should come into this one with an open mind and you 'll be rewarded with a beautifully photographed film noir filled with black humor . `` Singapore Sling '' is like the demented cousin of `` Laura '' , `` Sunset Boulevard '' and `` Grey Gardens '' . It 's your basic detective story but with torture , bizarre erotica , and outstanding overacting . Just make sure the parents are asleep and that you 've got the right kind of friend in tow when watching it .
 Sing Sling is a black and white shocker made in 1990 that has just the right amount of sex , sleaze , torture , murder , S&M ; , shock value , and gore for my taste . If there were ever a movie that could be the most disgusting thing you 've ever seen while still keeping it beatiful and artistic , Sing Sling would be it . It 's a beatifully filmed and wonderfully acted film that pull 's no punches in regards to offensive content -LRB- just the way I like it -RRB- and is only recomended to people wih strong stomach 's and taste for the artistic.If you ever wanted to see a girl vomit on a dude while having sex , make love to peice fruit , or get stabbed in the crotch , then this is the movie for you .
 Warhol meets Waters with some `` Thundercrack ! '' mixed in to the batch . This movie almost defies description . It is credited as being a modern remake of the classic `` Laura '' in some cases , but it is only so in the VERY general sense -LRB- although , if you have seen the original , some of the material is more witty -RRB- . It would be like watching Warhol 's `` Heat '' without having seen `` Sunset Blvd , '' . The cinematography is excellent -LRB- not always a good thing considering some scenes ... lol -RRB- , and it is a ture original.Having said all that , this movie is for the hardcore cult fanatic and not for the general public . Having said that , I recommended it to a family I know who is into the more off-beat , but even with grown kids , recommended that the parents watch it first to determine if their grown kids should watch it -LRB- at least with them as a family -RRB- . There is definitely talent in this movie , but as I said , it 's not for everyone . Be prepared for some graffic and gross scenes .
 On a rain swept night , in the garden of a lavish villa , two women -- `` Mother '' -LRB- Michele Valley -RRB- and `` Daughter '' -LRB- Meredyth Herold -RRB- bury the not-yet-dead body of their chauffeur . In a nearby car , a nameless man -LRB- Panos Thanassoulis -RRB- nurses a gunshot wound . Daughter waxes nostalgic about the time when `` Father '' would kill all the servants , leaving Mother and her to merely bury them in the garden . The man intrudes into the bizarre household and the two women subject them to their own brand of hospitality . In this case , it 's not a case of what happens next , but rather a case of what does n't happen next ! The threesome engage in a lengthy series of revolting acts culled from the Marquis De Sade Cookbook , which include vomit , golden showers , sodomy , transvestism , incest , torture , electroshock and yes , murder , all of it in gorgeous black-and-white photography to the strains of Julie London and Rachmaninov.Ever since a friend loaned me a tenth-generation bootleg of this film on VHS ten long years ago , my love affair with this sugary piece of perversity remains unabated . Singapore Sling continues to break my heart in sixteen places in between bouts of raucous laughter and peeking behind my fingers . A true cult film , audiences have either walked out en masse or return again and again to the auditorium for repeat screenings.A catalog of depravity and artful indulgence , Singapore Sling has no real plot . The audience is left to surmise that `` Daughter '' is not really `` Mother 's '' daughter -LRB- they 're far too close in age -RRB- and in one instance , we 're left to wonder if `` Mother '' is indeed a female . The male interloper , later dubbed `` Singapore Sling '' by his captors , is unlucky enough to have wound up on the doorstop of this house of horrors . Mute , and only speaking in voiceover , we learn that he is forever chasing lost causes with female names , the latest being Laura -LRB- in a nod to the 1944 Otto Preminger masterpiece -RRB- . Was Laura in fact a former part of this ongoing sadomasochistic play party who was later murdered ? The film never tells us.Singapore Sling will always hold a special place in my heart as I was the creator of the Unofficial Singapore Sling Web page back in the mid 1990s . Working closely with director Nikos Nikolaidis , I was given tons of rare stills , press books and errata about the film . It was through Nikolaidis incredible generosity as he encouraged me in my baby steps in cyberspace that I learned just how important the Internet would become in my own special line of cinematic research . Nikolaidis is best known as a director of TV commercials in his native Greece , although he directs feature films from time to time . Shot in 30 days on a shoestring budget , Singapore Sling would shock and delight audiences throughout the world , its most notorious exposure being its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival.The key to the film 's success lies in its two female leads , Michele Valley and Meredith Herold . As the whispery and melodramatic Mother , Valley had worked with Nikolaidis numerous times on previous features . It is Herold as Daughter -- a pixie-ish , adorable creature who maintains an unspoiled innocence through the film 's countless scenes of sex and brutal violence who truly carries the show . According to Nikolaidis , Herold committed to work on the film while working on commercials with him . Once the film was completed , she was courted and then married by a rich movie buff -- and never acted again ! `` She still waits in the rain for Singapore Sling , '' Nikolaidis would sigh.That the film is finally on DVD is cause for rejoicing . After suffering from bootlegs of dubious quality and even the legitimate Greek video release , one can now count every bead on every lampshade . Relying heaving on a claustrophobic atmosphere of antique-strewn interiors , viewers can now finally enjoy the elaborate set design that was once concealed in bitmapped shadows.The only reservation this reviewer has with this release is the paltry extras included . The film is in anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.66:11 -RRB- , and the animated main menu intended to mimic a battered silent film is delightful to look at . The film is broken up into 16 generous chapters . As for Special Features -- there is a photo gallery of only 10 paltry images , all done in sepia ! However -- one can stand up and cheer for the inclusion of the film 's trailer which is in pristine , excellent shape . In a voice approximating 60 Minutes ' commentary Andy Rooney , `` Do n't you just hate it when you get a pricey restoration of a film on DVD and you get the trailer all worn and beaten , seemingly taped off a 25-year-old TV broadcast ? `` The one other revelation the DVD release affords us are new subtitles . While filmed in the English language , there are moments of Greek -LRB- in voiceover courtesy of Singapore Sling -RRB- . Due to the film 's subtitles being permanently burned into all existing prints , Don May and the fine folks at Synapse have included huge , easy-to-read subtitles of accurate English translations . These subtitles are an option to viewers -- and in an instance of going above and beyond the call of duty -- the French phrases uttered by Mother in moments of homicidal abandon -LRB- `` I want proof ! Proof ! '' `` On a long path , I saw a little rabbit , running , I want to catch it with my hands , but , he was too far , too far . '' -RRB- . This is indeed a first for all English speaking fans of this film.A final sobriquet is in order for the uninitiated who do n't know if this film will be to their liking . Like the cocktail for which it is named , Singapore Sling is a tasty libation made of three different types of gin that can render the victim immobile . Those who wish to partake of this film 's many powerful pleasures should best have a taste for gin .
 This is a movie about two stoner roommates who get kicked out of their apartment , just as the Shawshank Redemption marathon will be coming on all weekend . Their attempts to find a location to watch the marathon take them into rehab , while their moneymaking endeavors bring them into complex situations attempting to rip off `` Mr Big . `` This movie requires the ability to laugh at not only the funny parts of drug use , but also some of the negative aspects of drug abuse , as it does not sugar coat topics as much as some other movies in this genre .
 A very funny movie from director/poducer/star Mekhi Phiffer about two guys who just want to watch the Shawshank Redemption marathon on TNT . If you think pyramid schemes are funny or if you are a big fan of the Shank then you will love this movie . I admit it is low budget and straight to DVD but it is funnier than a lot of big budget blockbuster comedies that I have seen . Phiffer does a great job in his role as the big business entrepenuer . The plot is original and there are some really hilarious scenes . If you think about it , there are some parts of the film that really ring true . I grew up only seeing the TV edited version of the Shank and did n't know about the rape scene -LRB- Which is an important part of the plot -RRB- until much later when I saw the unedited version .
 it was as desceibed . i have nothing else to say , this is very annoying to write this much about the quality of a dvd , stop it .
 everything was good , the price , the dvd , it was in excellent shape . i was very satisfied !
 Rishi Kapoor was superb in his part , post AAA Rishi tried to get off his childhood chocolate boy image and started looking better and acted brilliantly in this Tariq is okay the heroine is nice Zeenat has a small role Amjad Khan is good as the villain Om Shivpuri is good too
 I got the DVD for the Uninvited not knowing what to expect , Asian Horror movies are usually very different one from another . There are movies that go heavy on the blood and others than go heavy on the Drama ; The Uninvited falls in the latter , just like other movies like Dark Water or Two Sisters . The movie is about a man named Jung-won who is an Interior designer . One day he falls asleep in the subway and he must hurry out before the doors close , but outside he notices that the two kids are still on the train , and he does nothing . The next day he hears on the radio that the 2 children were dead and suddenly he starts seen the kids sitting at his dinner table.He ignores what is happening to him , probably thinking is the shock of watching the children dead in the train until the day he meets a woman named Yun who suffers from narcolepsy , so he takes her to his home when she loses conscious in his car , and just when she is leaving she tell him to put his kids in bed , so now Jung-won is not the only one seeing the dead kids.From there Yun helps Jung-won find the gruesome secrets buried in his past , but he is not the only one with a dark past.The movie has some very shocking scenes that play very well . Both lead actors , Shin-yang Park and Ji-hyun Jun -LRB- most known for her part in the romantic comedy -LRB- My Sassy Girl '' -RRB- did a fantastic job playing these troubled characters . The cinematography is superb , there were some scenes were I was very impressed.The US DVD from Panik House is great , from the cover to the extras . There are 2 Audio Commentaries , one in English , which is very informative about the Korean culture and Cinema and another one in Spanish . It has a Making Off , Interviews with the lead Actors , a story boards/scenes comparisons , and other need stuff like a condensed version of the movie . The DVD also comes with a sticker of the cover.I really recommend this movie to everyone , is not a simple horror movie but a complex drama with some very shocking moments .
 `` The Uninvited , '' is not your usual or typical horror film riddled with the usual gorefest cliches common in too many horror films . This film is a deeper , and more methodically paced film dealing with the human pysche . And more importantly , the horrors that we carry with us
 The Uninvited -LRB- Su-yeon Lee , 2003 -RRB- The Uninvited is being marketed here in America as just another Asian horror flick , which is a disservice not only to the film , but both to the Asian horror film audience in America and the audience that would get far more out of it . Not to say there is n't crossover ; I rented it expecting another Asian horror flick and got , well , The Uninvited , which while it contains some supernatural elements -LRB- and the rather extreme ways of depicting them of which the Japanese are so fond -RRB- , is a breathtaking psychological drama about the lengths a person will go to to defend himself from the past , and the devastation that can occur when those defenses are broken down.While the main character is Jeong-won -LRB- Shin-yang Park -RRB- , it 's hard to really define anyone as a `` main '' character here . He -LRB- and his story -RRB- gets the most screen time , but everything going on around him is just as important , even the part to which he and his story are tangential . In any case , Jeong-won is an interior designer with a problem -- a nagging , overbearing fianc&eacute;e , Hee-eun -LRB- Seon Yu -RRB- . One night , he falls asleep on the train home , and rides it to the last stop by accident . As the train pulls off into the yard for the night , from the platform he sees that two small children are still on the train , seemingly asleep . The next morning , he finds out they were found there dead , and almost immediately after has a work-related accident that causes head trauma . That night , he sees the two dead girls sitting at the new table his fianc&eacute;e just bought.And that 's just the first five minutes . It 's also the synopsis most people will give -LRB- everyone stops there because we run out of space for it -RRB- , and that 's why everyone thinks it 's a ghost story . Oh , but there 's much more -- an alleged psychic , a murder trial , a poor priest who may or may not be who he says he is , rumors of infidelity , a mental clinic , and it just keeps going on and on . There 's no way to give a full synopsis of this movie in less than a thousand words ; there 's simply too much to it , and it 's all quite wonderful.The pace is psychological-drama pace , not horror pace . You should be expecting things to move slowly . It is , after all , over two hours long , which gives us enough time to absorb all the different threads Su-yeon Lee wove into the screenplay . There 's a lot going on here ; this is a movie that requires you to pay attention to it , but the payoff is in the characters , the way they interact , Lee 's bravery in not tying up all the loose ends -LRB- the final scene is just perfect , even if we 're probably in greater suspense about the scene that would come just after than we have been at any point in the movie -RRB- , and all the other little things that make The Uninvited one of the best movies I 've seen this year . ****
 As I write this I must say that Ernest 's review is better than anything I can probably say , and I agree with most of his opinions . Yes , this film is slow ; it is about the characters , and character development takes longer than slashing or gore . This wo n't fit a lot of Americans ' concepts of horror movies
 One of the best and eeriest examples of atmospheric horror ever made , `` The Uninvited '' has been criticized by some for being too slow , but in my mind the pacing is perfect for this particular story . On the way home on the subway train one night , a man -LRB- Shin-Yang Park -RRB- is the last off the train except for two children who he assumes are sleeping . The next day he 's horrified to hear that on a subway train the bodies of two dead children were discovered ; subsequently he starts to see those very children sitting at his kitchen table in the same slumped , lifeless posture he saw them in on the subway . With no one else able to see them , he assumes he 's having a mental breakdown until a chance encounter with a young woman named Yun -LRB- Ji-Hyun Jun , listed on this DVD as Gianna Jun -RRB- who , upon entering his apartment , can also see the children . Yun has herself been in a deeply unbalanced state over the past year , since a terrible tragedy in which she lost her own child . Here is where the movie really starts to delve into the strange and scary , as events move forward while flashbacks also go into Yun 's past and what happened there . The meaning behind alot of events is ambivalent , leaving the viewer able to interpret things in more than one way - for example , the true nature of one of the main characters remains very cloudy
 The first time I watched `` The Uninvited '' -LRB- 2003 , Korea -RRB- I thought it was boring . The second time I watched it I thought it was good but needed approximately 20 minutes edited out . Last night I watched it for the third time and was captivated from start to finish . It 's truly one of the most effectively depressing films of the past decade , and is essential viewing for lovers of slow-burning , psychological , dramatic horror films with heaping quantities of character development.The key to enjoying this film is to pay attention to the subtle details . Even the most ordinary dialogue is used meaningfully here . These characters have experienced horrific acts of death and violence in their pasts and have also experienced dysfunctional relationships with others . These dysfunctional relationships are communicated in a fragmented , nonchronological manner that 's similar to most East Asian horror films . There 's also some slight ambiguity , but only in little patches that can be filled quite easily with some common sense and logic . It 's important to achieve that understanding though , because absent this understanding the viewer will never be able to appreciate the characters ' suffering nor the motivations for their actions . And let me tell you , these are some of the most gloomy , disheartened , and interesting characters you 'll ever see.The acting is what we 've come to expect from South Korea , first rate . Ji-hyun Jun gives one of the best performances of her entire career . She 's utterly convincing in an atypical , dark role that establishes her diverse acting range once and for all . Her depression is n't presented in a typical , psychotic , over-the-top manner . It 's a very restrained exhibition , even in those few cases where she suffers a mental breakdown of sorts . The film uses her character 's interaction with others , a steady tone , and a longer running time -LRB- 2 full hours -RRB- to slowly but surely communicate her despair to the viewer . It 's impossible not to sympathize with her and hope for her recovery . The quality of acting does n't begin and end with Ji-hyun though . Everyone comes off looking well here.Another important point to make is that the entire foundation of this film is human suffering inflicted by humans . Contrary to what one might expect , there 's really no ghostly activity present at all . Even the opening 30 minutes , which makes the film seem like it 's going to travel oft-explored ghostly themes , can be interpreted as entirely psychological . Almost all of the horror sequences focus on disturbing historical events involving horrific accidents or murders that are presented in disturbing ways despite the absence of graphic violence . It might seem like an oxymoron to say that `` The Uninvited '' has more balls than the slew of vacation torture movies of recent years , but it really does trump those movies in pure guts because the acts of violence here are inflicted upon very fragile , defenseless victims . Some sequences are , in fact , jaw-dropping because most filmmakers -LRB- and their producers -RRB- are too timid to show such things.This is a damn good film that somehow fell between the cracks during the oft-referenced -LRB- but not entirely accurate -RRB- period known as the `` hey day '' of Asian horror -LRB- circa 1998-2005 -RRB- . I never hear it mentioned or referenced , but it deserves more attention than overrated , boring tripe like `` Gozu '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . Watch both films and it 's fairly obvious that `` The Uninvited '' is the better of the two in almost every conceivable aspect of film-making .
 Felt a bit too long in places , but well worth my time . Great story , a few scares , a disturbing scene , good atmosphere , great ending . Thought provoking .
 `` The Uninvited '' is a compelling Korean psychological thriller with a dash of horror in it . The movie is quite slow in pacing , but patient viewers will be rewarded with a compelling second half . The story centers around a despondent man Jung-Won , an interior decorator who is anxious about his impending marriage . He falls asleep on the subway train one evening and wakes up just in time to get off the train , but not before he sees two young girls asleep on the seat next to him . The next day , he hears news on the radio that two young girls were poisoned on the subway and finds himself being haunted by them - he returns home and finds the two dead girls sitting at his new dining table . He begins to question his sanity , but then he meets a depressed housewife Yun -LSB- Jeon Ji-Hyun from `` My Sassy Girl '' -RSB- who is troubled by a traumatic incident in her past . When he takes Yun back to his place , he realises that Yun is also able to see the two specters , as she tells him to put his two kids to bed!Jung - Won tries to get Yun to help him solve the mystery of the haunting and eventually with her help , he discovers some troubling aspects in his own past . Meanwhile , his life is a mess and he suffers a series of personal setbacks . Yun too experiences a lot of heartache , and when Jung-Won meets Yun 's husband , Moon-Sub , he discovers some horrific facts that center around Yun . The final scene makes a very disturbing image in one 's mind.The second half of the movie is better paced than the first half . The acting is credible all-around , though Jeon Ji-Hyun 's performance as Yun here is not as commendable as her performance in `` My Sassy Girl '' -LSB- rather flat really -RSB- . The creepy aspects of the movie are rather subdued -LSB- compared to the graphic horror of movies like `` Audition '' -RSB- and in fact , `` The Uninvited '' is high on psychological horror and atmosphere , and has more to do with the mind and how tortured individuals cope with their personal tragedies . `` The Uninvited '' may appeal to fans of psychological horror movies .
 i wont say it is a horror movie . yes there are few images of dead children lying . but the main theme is not horror at all . Gianna Jun performance in this movie is very memorable and awesome :-RRB- . This movie is quite deeper and you can not keep your eyes off from the movie for one second . Because missing one scene means you missed an important part of clue in the movie . The movie is almost 2 hours long . So if you are patient man/woman like me . Than buy this movie . You wont regret it and if you are fan of Gianna Jun . Buy it along with Blood
 This one was a little rough as far as dead kids go but it is a good movie
 The story centers on polygamy as practiced illegally today in small towns in Utah . A man is killed and wife # 19 is blamed as all the evidence points against her . Her estranged son returns to the town and attempts to solve the murder , which his mother claims she did not commit . He is helped by Queenie , a female friend he knew until he was banished for touching her arm . Queenie is married to the town cop . There is also Sarah # 5 , a fifteen year old run away whose mother was one of the many wives of the victim . She ran away the day of the murder . The movie is set up as a who-dun-it but does n't give you a lot of suspects.Queenie has in her possession a banned book from the 19th century called `` The 19the Wife '' a story on how polygamy and religion imprisons women . As she reads from the book we get a glimpse of early Mormon life.The movie has a made for TV after school feel , down to where you would put the commercial breaks . The acting was good , the ending was not exactly what I expected . Kudos .
 This book was a very thorough `` fictionalized '' presentation of a so-called religious faith based on polygamy.The story moves from the horrors of child abandonment -LRB- young boys left by the side of a road to fend for themselves because they pose a threat for elder men -RRB- in current America to the early days of a cult dictator who ruled with an iron fist while pretending to care for the women who kept his fiefdom functioning . this book points out that our laws are unable to reach out and stop this medieval Mideast type lifestyle that still flourishes in our United States . I came away understanding that Brigham Young University is named after a serial rapist !
 I was not very happy when I receiced this purchase , the disk was loose in the case when I received it and there are lots of scratches on the disk therefore it was not packaged very well and it was purchased as new and the only reason I kept it was it still played atleast.Barb
 I would suggest watching the movie before buying it ; as the plot can feel a bit stiff at times . However , the characters have a depth I do n't usually see in made-for-TV movies , which I appreciate . Check it out if you are interested in interpersonal relationships , murder mysteries , and how different types of characters struggle against their culture/brainwashing .
 I took some lessons with them when I lived in California . Since I moved , I 've been able to keep up through their videos . It 's amazing how much you can get out of them . Sometimes even more than an in-person lesson , because of the thoughtful editing , and the ability to rewind , slow down , and practice the moves again and again . They are such talented dancers , amazing to watch , and so clear at explaining what they are doing . Whether you are a seasoned dancer , or just want to hold your own at weddings and parties
 So many instructional dvds are of poor quality - not just in terms of production but in terms of the actual instruction . Steve and Heidi are very clear and make it easy to see `` the moves '' in multiple formats , with and without music , with counts , and they 've layed it out in way that makes it easy to rewind and review . Additionally this is the only dvd I 've seen that conveys a tremendous amount of technique vs. just teaching `` the move '' . This is my default learning tool , even after many years of viewing . I ca n't recommend highly enough !
 When I was first learning Balboa -LRB- after dancing Lindy Hop for a few years -RRB- , this was the guide that me and a few close friends would use . Once a week we would all get together , put the DVD in , and learn a few of moves that we would then practice for the rest of the night . Needless to say , the JitterBal DVD collection was very well done , breaking down each of the moves step by step , then demoing the final product . With every move they covered footwork , connection , weight distribution , and timing so that it took my friends and I only a few tries before we had the basics of the move down . Definitely recommend this DVD for anyone who wants to try to learn swing dancing .
 This is going to sound weird , but I got this for my girlfriend as a gift and now I 'm hooked ! I never thought I 'd be interested in Swing Dancing of all things , but my girlfriend wanted to learn and I figured I 'd get her a how-to DVD for her birthday . I have always thought of myself as a kind of ungainly lummox , but after learning a few moves from this disc , I do n't feel like that anymore . I have never been able to dance without looking like there 's something physically wrong with me , so for ME to recommend this says a great deal . Not only that , but I find that my girlfriend and I ca n't stop watching the thing . We follow along and try the moves and it 's surprisingly easy to understand . Even though we 've seen it a bazillion times , there 's always some detail we catch when we re-watch the DVD . It 's very comprehensive and I feel like I 've learned something new . There are a lot of DVDs on the market that claim to demonstrate how to dance , but I can honestly say this one really delivers . I 'd love to know if these guys teach classes somewhere . Anyway , I highly recommend this disc for anyone that would want to learn how to Swing Dance .
 I picked up the beginner , intermediate , and advanced Jitterbal DVDs years ago , and I still find myself referring back to them for movement ideas and timing . When my dance partner and I decided to start practicing regularly to improve our balboa , these discs were where we started . They 're well worth the money and the time you 'll spend watching them .
 Heidi and Steve are Balboa stars and can teach too . I 've taken lessons from numerous experts , but they rate at the top .
 I own this DVD -LRB- purchased as part of the 3 DVD set -RRB- . The video and sound quality is extremely professional . There are plenty of close-ups and alternate angles available . Footwork is always shown close up as well as providing leader and follower perspectives and full body views . Other helpful features include the ` count ' numbers on the screen , so you always know where you are in the move with sound muted in freeze frame-slow-motion . Other nice features include ` end of move ' and ` section/topic ' summaries with demonstrations . Bonus features include footage of the original dancers in action.These instructors clearly prove their relationship to original dancers and original Balboa and Swing techniques of the period . Learning Balboa and Lindy together -LRB- as they integrate anyway -RRB- as an integrated system is a work of genius and can shorten the ` understanding ' process that is often required when learning swing-dance , or developing from Balboa to Balboa-swing . These DVD have been really useful in helping me develop my understanding and skills . I recommend this highly and often !
 Cary has professed his love to gay party boy Vogel , but the best he can get out of his lover is a `` Me , too . '' They are on an extended country hike , hopefully to strengthen their relationship , but decide to hitch a ride with Brewster , a good ` ol boy trucker hauling some caskets to a funeral home . -LRB- Cue spooky music . -RRB- Their trip ends with mechanical problems , broken down in a scrap metal yard in the middle of nowhere . Night falls , and the vampires come out ! Oh , my.I 'll admit being a big fan of really cheesy horror films , and this is actually better than most of that genre I have seen , with an impressive animated title sequence , capable acting and photography , great music , and - most of all - a script that does n't take itself too seriously . With their knowledge of vampires a contradicting mess based on various movies they have seen , the boys plot with Brewster to survive the night , and hope that help comes with the dawn . It 's a cute approach , kind of like a gay `` An American Werewolf in London . '' Not rated , but would be an R for violence and simulated sex ; DVD promises many extras , including interviews , a behind the scenes , and a gag reel . I give it four stars out of five .
 `` Hellbent '' remains the best gay horror film of the past decade , and `` Into the Lions Den '' has more suspense , but `` Bite Marks '' definitely should be part of your collection if you like a mix of humor , horror and gay sexual subtext . It 's silly fun , well cast and kept me laughing or at least smiling up until the end . David Alanson is particularly funny as the rascal boyfriend that gay men hate themselves for loving . He needs to be cast in more films .
 The animated opening credits were amazing , the story was very , very clever , the editing made perfect sense , and the camera work was great -- a real grand slam , especially when achieved in a small , independent film . It was truly a delight to watch Bite Marks -- they all did outrageous work . I do n't think I 'll ever sit though a strictly-horror film , but this film was hilarious . Thank you Mark Bessinger for putting your thoughts to film .
 Bring your sense of fun and humor to this one . The action is fast with creative twists to keep and hold interest . Windham Beacham leads a fine cast who do a super job even with tongue in cheek . Relax . Have fun .
 I thought it was campy and truly funny in the vain of a spoof type of horror flic . Did it win awards at any of the festivals ?
 The score is pure delight - great fun - composed by Rossano Galante . It worked in turning a B Movie Camp Horror Flick into something entertaining . It certainly interested me in listening to his other musical works ! And they are also gems .
 After honing his skills working for three years as a staff writer for `` The George Burns & Gracie Allen Show '' , Paul Henning struck out on his own with THE BOB CUMMINGS SHOW in 1955 . In what must have surely been a bold departure for the typical `` sitcom leading man '' of the Fifties , Bob Cummings played a womanising , carefree bachelor with no desire whatsoever to settle down with a wife and kids . Cummings ' character is Bob Collins , a successful photographer , who lives with his widowed sister Margaret -LRB- Rosemary DeCamp -RRB- and her teenage son Chuck -LRB- Dwayne Hickman -RRB- . At the office , Bob relies on faithful secretary Schultzy -LRB- Ann B. Davis , who steals many a scene with her exceptional comedy talents ; very rarely was she used to such advantage on `` The Brady Bunch '' -RRB- . Paul Henning also delighted in recruiting the fabulously talented Nancy Kulp for one of her very first major sitcom roles . On BOB CUMMINGS , she plays bird-watcher Pamela , always trying to lure Bob with some romantic scheme or another . Henning of course later immortalised Ms Kulp as the unflappable Miss Jane Hathaway on `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' . And whilst we 're star-gazing , keep an eye out for Rose Marie as one of Schultzy 's fellow secretaries . She has a large part in the `` Collins the Crooner '' episode.These five episodes from THE BOB CUMMINGS SHOW are taken from the syndication run , which changed the title of the show to `` Love That Bob ! '' . Episodes : Bob and the Ravishing RealtorBob Digs Rock and RollCollins the CroonerGrandpa Attends a ConventionBob Plays Margaret 's Game
 This second tape from the first season collection of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' includes a pair of episodes that are only tangentially important to the Buffy mythos . In `` The Witch '' we meet Amy Madison , who is currently known to Buffy viewers as Willow 's pet white rat . However , at this point she is just another girl trying out for the Sunnydale High Cheerleading squad along with Buffy and Cordelia . This is one of those early episodes that does acknowledge the original feature film as background for the series . Of course this is Sunnydale , so we are not surprised when one of the girls spontaneously bursts into flames during the tryouts . Eventually our attention is drawn to Amy , who is pretty uncoordinated but whose mother really , really , REALLY wants her to be on the sqaud . Every time something bad happens to another one of the girls , Buffy and Amy move up the ladder of cheerleading success . `` The Witch '' is -- surprise , surprise -- the episode that introduces the occult into the Buffy universe , which has major implications for Willow down the road . Written by Dana Reston , it is clearly the stronger of the two episodes on this particular tape . `` Never Kill A Boy On The First Date '' does have a marvelous moment where Buffy goes after the bad guy screaming , `` You killed my date ! '' Remember the sub-text for Buffy is that High School is Hell for children , so here we have Buffy trying to at least pretend she is a normal student and actually go out on a normal date . Just wait until Owen finds out what `` normal '' means in the wonderful and wacky world of Buffy . The Master 's attempt to use the Anointed One '' to kill the Slayer is the major sub-plot in this episode , which is far and away the weakest of the six included in this boxed set . The amazingmrkimble is right
 Looking back at the earliest ` Buffy ' episodes , it 's always hard not to get at least a little bit nostalgic . These two episodes are stand-alone ones , not really anything to do with the main story arc . That does n't mean to say that they 're not wonderful fun though . In a way , it 's these episodes just as much as the big ones that make it . In these earlier years , the show was new and exciting . It 's blend of action with drama and comedy made it a slow but undeniable hit with British and American audiences . ` Witch ' sees the introduction of Amy Madison , who was later to feature prominently in episodes such as ` Bewitched , Bewildered and Beautiful ' and ` Gingerbread ' . The supernatural intrigue story may seem old but it 's the way it 's told which makes ` Buffy ' such a winner . There 's pop culture references which punctuate the punchy dialogue and some hilarious comedy made from Buffy 's formidable strength as she throws one cheerleader across the room whilst trying out a new routine.In ` Never Kill A Boy On The First Date ' , the audience gets to meet shy quiet Owen who has a penchant for Emily Dickinson and Buffy . Here a nightmare date brings a whole new quality to it , with the night ending at the Sunnydale Funeral Home.It 's strange looking back because we know what 's to come for the characters that we have grown to love . We know the fates of Angel , Joyce and Buffy . We know that shy retiring Willow becomes something else entirely . In this the show has really broken all expectations . It 's managed to give its characters dimension without it appearing ludicrous . Looking back only goes to show how much they 've changed in not only a realistic but also a touching way .
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the best television show on television and if you missed the first season you can catch up on what happened now with these awsome videos . It is good formatted and is a must for a buffy fanatic like myself ... all of the books are good too !
 I have always loved Buffy , since her first dusting , to the tragic events of Joyce Summers . This is a pair of my favorite episodes , the only others are `` Hush '' and `` Prophecy Girl '' Buy it !!!! you 'll love it , trust me on this one !
 With the DVD of Season 1 out , this is a true collector 's item.Treasure it , it 's going to be worth a lot .
 Seeing `` Buffy '' try out for the cheerleading squad is worth the price of this video -LRB- `` Witch '' -RRB- alone . `` Never Kill a Boy on the First Date '' is the beginning of many romantic disappointments for Buffy . Both these videos are smartly written , witty and a just a heck of a good time . They have just the right creepiness quotient to make them scary . But they 're free of the heavy drama and high seriousness of the `` end of the world '' and `` Buffy-Angel '' episodes .
 I thoroughly enjoyed my introduction into the Buffyverse especially since I did not start watching the show until well into its third season . It was great fun seeing the characters interact and get to know each other as they battled the creatures of the dark . With this video I get to track the development of the Slayer , the Scooby gang , and everyone 's favorite Watcher/Librarian , Giles . Ca n't wait to get my hands on another boxed set .
 `` The Witch '' is one of my favorite epiosdes , Elizabeth Anne Allen -LRB- Amy -RRB- is a wonderful actress . `` Never Kill a Boy on the First Date '' is also a wonderful episode , and Velvet Chain -LRB- the band who play at the Bronze -RRB- are awesome.Its a great deal , so get it now !
 I really liked this video ` cuz i love the series -LRB- Joss Whedon is the man ! -RRB- and i think that all of the assorted actors/actresses are wonderful . I like the music that is played @ the Bronze during Never Kill a Boy one the First Date . The song `` she '' is really kewl .
 It should have been really easy for them to find two better episodes from the first season that this pair to include in the boxed set . `` Witch '' is the better of the two , introducing the character of Amy Madison who pops up from time to time -LRB- although right now she 's stuck as a rat -RRB- . It also offers Buffy and Cordelia as cheerleaders , a direction too reminiscent of the original Buffy movie that Joss Whedon wisely abandons . `` Never Kill a Boy on the First Date '' is a below average Buffy episode with a pretty good title . Four stars for `` Witch '' and three for `` Never Kill ... '' rounded up to a four overall . They really made a big mistake not including `` Prophecy Girl '' in this set .
 The guy has a very witty good sense of humor on many everday events and his own personal observations transformed into his own sometimes blue humor . A must to see if your broadminded .
 ... with the exception of two bits , this is NOT the material we saw at the Too Old to Die Young performance at 37 Arts in NYC.I have mixed feelings , because I had a chance to see some other great material on the DVD ; but I was disappointed , because I REALLY wanted to have a chance to re-live some hilarious moments we saw live.If you 're looking to get a video of the NYC performances , this is n't it . If you 're looking for some fresh , fun stuff from Billy , it 's right here .
 Typical Billy Connolly . Definitely laugh out loud , tears flowing funny !
 It 's funny . One reviewer lambastes this video because it 's full of jokes Billy 's told before , while another rates it down because it 's not the jokes he heard on the tour this DVD is drawn from . Hmm . One person dislikes this video because it 's the same old stuff , while another dislikes it because it IS N'T the same old stuff . How much easier if we consider this DVD for itself.Is it funny ? Yes . Is it up to the level of humor that propelled Billy to international fame ? Yes . Is it springy enough to bear up to multiple viewings ? Yes . Would I go out of my way to recommend this DVD to my friends ? Yes . What more could you ask for from a comedy DVD?Part of what makes this DVD in particular , and Billy Connolly in general , funny and worth watching , is his willingness to take risks , gamble on the audience 's loyalty , and push boundaries . When he 's telling a story about his sister and suddenly veers off for several minutes about the jabbering verbosity of opera , he risks that you might get confused and simply stop watching . But it is this risk-taking that has made him so popular for so long , and has kept him creating new generations of fans long after other comics have lapsed into obscurity.One possible problem with this DVD is that there are no added features . No backstage cameras , no interviews , no career retrospectives . For a full DVD price , this seems kind of cheapskate . I 'm sure Billy would make some jokes about Scottish stereotypes , but still , DVDs are expensive , and I 'd like to get what I 'm paying for . Still , as many times as I 've watched the performance itself , perhaps I really am getting what I payed for.This is definitely the work of an elder statesman of comedy , bringing the full weight of a long career to bear . It 's hard to imagine a young man performing this material . But it 's not sentimental or maudlin ; Billy has the gravity of a patron saint of humor , but the explosive energy of a much younger man . Serving both as a continuation of a long and storied career and as a good introduction for new fans , this DVD is a treasure , and one you 'll watch and watch again . Highly recommended .
 Classical Billy , as funny as ever . Some of his older stories get an airing but they remain as funny as the first time round . For any Billy Connolly fan , simply a must , you wo n't be disapointed - except maybe for the rehash of older stories and the shortness of the DVD - time just flies then it is all over .
 Billy does it again ! Always funny , BC is right on the edge.Wish more of his stage act was available to the U.S. market on DVD .
 ExcellentGood to see fresh material from Billy AgainWe loved it !
 I first remembered Billy Connolly in Boondock Saints , and I thought , this is a cool guy . Then I started looking up some other things about him recently after hearing him on the movie `` Brave '' , like how he was on Muppet Treasure Island as Billy Bones -LRB- And how he was the only person to ever be killed by a muppet -RRB- . I never knew he was a stand up comedian , because quite frankly , my generation just saw him as `` Poppa '' of Boondock Saints fame.So I started visiting these media channels and hearing about Mr. Connolly 's standup bits . I told myself that I was going to gather up the funds one day and purchase a DVD or CD and just listen to him . Well that event came yesterday at a thrift store , where I found this used DVD of Billy Connolly Live In New York . The DVD looked perfect for being used . Apparently this was n't someone 's cup of tea , or they loved it so much they took great care of the DVD.Either way , I went to watching the DVD with a fresh pair of eyes . I 've stopped watching the majority of stand up comedy because of all the cursing and toilet humor . For instance , I loved seeing Richard Pryor in the movies , but when it came up to his stand up comedy , I stayed far away . I ca n't watch Comedy Central 's Roast of anyone because it comes off to me as a humor I 'll never understand . Someone made the comment on here that Robin Williams loves what Billy Connolly does in his act , and how Billy Connolly improvises a lot of things . Robin Williams is a great improvisor , but the commenter said that Robin also hides behind characters and some scripted parts.Jeff Dunham and Robin Williams are my two favorite stand up comedians , and I figured Billy Connolly would be an ethnic flair on things , being so used to American comedians . I was n't let down . I found myself laughing -LRB- sadly -RRB- about the poor woman who got thrown out of the double decker bus bit from Mr. Connolly . We have the Scottish Games and there is a double decker bus that goes there every year , considering that the UK got rid of those buses years ago . So I 'll have to go on the bus next year with Billy Connolly 's story in mind . I could have done without the last bit on the show that Billy Connolly did involving a sleeping bag and an ill woman , but the rest of the show I found highly amusing . He would shout the f word , even going on and on at one time without stopping , but I take into account his Scottish ancestry and the stereotypes that they will shout cuss words all the time like a sailor , as false as it may be.I got tired of hearing these comedians say the n word , and drawing on the same old materials that other comedians have repeated before them . At least with Billy , I was treated to an improvised opera , a trip on a bus , a tattoo convention , and a improvised moment on a Vegemite stain . I do n't recall Mr. Connolly ever speaking ill of black people , or stereotyping them as thugs/gangsters/what have you on this DVD . So Billy has taken a new seat in my small choice of stand up comedians , and he ranks up there with Robin Williams in first place in my book .
 I have been to Alaska -LRB- Kodiak & the interior -RRB- ten times . This video makes me want to back again ! The inside passage this time .
 Take advantage of a superbly produced Video and Narration ! If like us , you have never been to Alaska , you can enjoy it 's grandeur through the Lens and Narration of Cliff Fenno in such a way that you will be convinced you are actually taking the trip with he and his wife . The author obviously has a deep love and respect for the Wildlife and the Alaskan Wilderness that he so expertly captures on the video . He narrates the Alaskan Scenic Wonders in such a personal , down to earth way that you can not help but develop a great appreciation for what may well be the last of the North American Wilderness ! We believe this video can stimulate the interest and imagination of viewers of all ages .
 This video is a delicious way to experience this gorgeous state from your own armchair . Fenno 's impeccably clear , steady films bring out these scenes up close and personal . His colors and textures are vibrant , and his camera follows many different animals lovingly and precisely . I enjoyed everything from majestic , blue-colored glaciers to caribou annoyed by insects , to tiny , brand-new salmon eggs gleaming through a clear river . You can almost smell the clean air , and even feel the arrival of fall toward the end of the trip , as he and his wife return through yellowing leaves.His narration is precise and informative , spoken from an obviously profound love and respect for these natural wonders . His summary gently offers a message of the importance of preserving our lands .
 A trip to Alaska has been a dream of ours for a long time . This video captures amazing images of wildlife and landscapes that reflect the inherent beauty of this unique part of the world . It 's become an inspiration for us to finally make our dream a reality.Also , I 've just ordered another copy for a friend who 's been to Alaska , but was n't in a position to come away with the pictures she saw with her eyes and felt in her heart . I think this video will do that for her and be the perfect memento of her trip .
 This is an absolutely phenomenal video account of Alaska ! The videography , music , and narration combine to make this a relaxing and educational viewing experience all wrapped up in one . My family and I truly enjoyed watching this video together , and it definitely made us want to travel to Alaska at some point ourselves ! Thanks for sharing your trip and obvious love and respect for our natural wonders !
 This is hilariously funny . Especially Monique I 've never seen her this funny until I watched this ... It is worth having in your collection .
 I really liked this one . They cursed quite bit but hey its comedy . It was great humor . It was a great line up and I enjoyed it !! keep up the good work !
 This is n't really a review . I just feel that Amazon does n't give enough information about this DVD collection . I 'm adding this so any potential buyer might to be able to make an informed purchasing decision.New Waterford Girl -LRB- 1999 -RRB- 97 min - Comedy - Director
 As another reviewer pointed out , there are several sets of Tarzan DVD 's available . Unfortunately , many share the same movies.The Johnny Weismuller set , -LRB- The Tarzan Collection Starring Johnny Weissmuller -RRB- , with six movies on 4 discs contains the best movies . The DVD picture and sound quality are good for movies that are over 60 years old.The purpose of my review is to compare this set , -LRB- Tarzan 5 movies on 2 Discs -RRB- , with a comparable set , -LRB- Tarzan
 this movie wa action packed from begging to end . thier was never a dull moment in this movie . the story is also amazing.no one should wait to get this dvd
 Two men are trying to fight off a demon virus going around . The only thing is that one of them is infected with it , but this is n't a fault it is actually used to there advantage . This Movie has a good plot but the only fault and the reason i give this 4 stars if because of its length . This movie is only 45 minutes long . Oh and it is also made by the people who created ninja scroll and wicked city so you know it will be full of blood , gore , violence , and nudity . So be forewarned keep children away from this movie . Well Enjoy .
 hello victor here to tell you about bio hunter the movie . this movie was so action packed i got a nose bleed . The story line is so sweet . I 've seen many other anime 's before but this one is the cream of the crop . I would n't hasatate to buy this movie !!!!!!!
 I personally thought this movie was very good . Some people might find the beginning scene sickening and taste less but i think it shows what the virus does by her eating his arm . Basicaly there are 2 men that are trying to combat the demon virus . In the proccess of one of there devirusings one of them gets bit my some one who has it , and gets it himself but he has a incredible will and immune system so he can control his changes . Then there is a chain of murders of young women which have there livers eaten which continues through the movie . And for the record there are no rape scenes . After one of the main characters meets the grand daughter of a very famous fortune teller who is being chased by hired thugs , he brings her back to there place and they have a talk . After this they going looking for her grand father at water falls . Then they are attacked by the prime ministers hired thugs and one of the main characters who was infected with the virus -LRB- not the narrater -RRB- -LRB- the narrater also does the voice of Tenchi Masaki on Tenchi Muyo -RRB- turns into a horrific beast and saves all of them . Then the girl wakes up and she hears a water fall , naturaly she goes toward it and she see 's a temple . they go to it and find the grand father . Then the hired thugs kidnapp the girl and the grand father and go to the ocean . also the demon virus infected character gets his hand blown off when the thugs drop a bomb and the hand grabs onto the helicopter which ends up guiding them . they finnaly get there . the prime minister is the one who is `` demon possed '' and was eating the womens livers as explained by the fortune teller . this is where some one might think there is atempted rape when he -LRB- the prime minister -RRB- gets very hungrey for he needs livers to preserve himself since he is already dead . he rips some of her clothes and is about ready to eat her liver when is hired thug calls him . Then he goes to see the old fortune teller they have a breif conversation and while this is hapening the hand unlocks the hand cuffs and insimulates with the girl . the good guys come theres some fighting but basically the demon possed gets killed and the demon virus infected man controls it and then the movie ends with them going into the night to try to control the virus .
 This movie is definately NOT for children . Its beginning is somewhat disgusting , but the rest of the movie is great . Its storyline is really cool , and if you 're a hard-core anime fan , this movie is for you .
 Its been awhile since I have been impressed with an anime storyline . Usually its the visuals that have grab me first . Biohunter did both . I was really impressed with the storyline , the visuals , and how well everything just flowed and above all kept my attention . I really like the idea of one of the creators being torn between his human self and his dark other half and how it was in his nature to try and save his friends from the `` virus '' . Is there a Biohunter 2 ??
 From the creator of Wicked City and Ninja Scroll comes one of the least exciting of the three . But I must say , it is a very good title . The story revolves around two guys called Biohunters . One is a science teacher who gets involved with students and the other has a horrid case of demon virus . These two help cure people affected by the demon virus . Sometimes , when the need arises , the guy with the virus will use his powers to help out . Soon they are chased by another man with the virus who wants them dead . They also meet Seika . Seika prooves to be quite a love for the demon-virus Biohunter and his partner keeps on boasting . Ofcourse , like Wicked City and Ninja Scroll , there is your creppy old guy , but this one is more inteligent then that of Ninja Scroll and Wicked City . The content , compared to the other two movies , is slimmer , but thats because there is more plot in the story . The dub makes use of the same voice actors from Twilight of Darkmaster . I 'd recommend renting this movie first because it might not be good for most people in the long run , but its still a great movie .
 this movie wa action packed from begging to end . thier was never a dull moment in this movie . the story is also amazing.no one should wait to get this dvd
 Most anime fans seem to gravitate towards the newer , childish , humor-oriented anime , and forget about the thrillers that made the genre popular in the United States to begin with . Biohunter should be one of those classics . It was made by the same people that made Wicked City and Ninja Scroll , two of the most famous old-school anime movies of all time , and it shows . The basic premise of the movie is that werewolves , vampires , and monsters actually could be real , if there were a genetic disorder that mutated people into these creatures . Two professors are fighting these monsters , and one of them has contracted the `` demon virus '' himself . The character designs are brilliant , especially for the infected professor . The action scenes are intense , and the animation is top-notch . There is a small amount of gore , but just enough to keep it exciting . It 's R-rated stuff , but it wo n't make you sick like some anime . It 's only an hour long , but it 's definitely not rushed , and you probably wo n't even notice how short it is . This is one movie that you should n't miss out on !
 What could be worse than contracting a virus that threatens to overtake you and make you consume human flesh , spreading at random for a seemingly an unknown reason ? Try having to hunt the beasts that are infected while being infected yourself , keeping the virus in check -LRB- to some degree -RRB- while using it as a weapon to both detect the beasts and to destroy them as well . That 's the reasoning behind the Bio Hunters , Komada and Koshigaya , and the Demon virus that seems to be working its way through the streets of Tokyo ; most notably resulting in a series of brutal attacks on young women of the city and the subsequent ingestion of their internal organs . Still , that 's before the oddities of love , emotion , politics , and divination enter the already clustered field.Although in the really short department -LRB- 45 minutes is n't something I normally approve of -RRB- , Bio Hunter more than makes up for this fact with portions of intrigue - and the occasional person that happens across the mind of Yoshisaki Kawajiri . His stamp is more than apparent here , too , with the horror of the story delivering and the pace of the piece moving pretty quickly , showing the viewer that it is the lack of padding and not content that keeps the length minimal . Combine this with quality animation , a plot that drips blood , nudity , violence , some nice scenery dripping blood and violence , and a story that is worth keeping pace with and you have a `` special something '' that everyone should at least look into .
 One of the better animes I have seen , Bio Hunter has a pretty original premise . Two men work together to track down `` demons '' . The demons are human but have a disease that causes them to turn to monsters . One of the men handles the medical angle . He has developed a drug that kills off the disease . The other is infected himself but he has an exceptionally strong immune system that allows him to control the transformation.That is the basic plot and if you want to know what happens to them I guess you have to watch the movie.So . You might ask . What makes this bad for the kids?There is one prolonged sex scene right from the get-go . Nudity is sprinkled liberally throughout . Gory violence abounds . There are some disturbing scenes . An example is an attempted rape.All in all , if you are n't offended by all that then you should give Bio Hunter a chance
 Let 's get off on the right foot here , I find it very annoying how everyone compares every single anime to Ninja Scroll . There is no better anime than Ninja Scroll , ever ! There , we 've established that so now lets move forward and view this with an open mind . Imagine present day Tokyo , 4 women dead , bodies eaten , their live ivers ripped out . It is n't your usual weirdo or pervert ... it 's them . Imagine your a professor of molecular biology and you 've discovered a new virus . A virus that turns seemingly normal people into deranged beast like killers with demonic powers . . the `` demon virus '' . It sounds far out to your colleagues but one believes you , your friend Kumada , and that 's because he 's been infected by it . It gets worse . . at first it 's somewhat of an advantage , he has an extrodinary immune system which means he can fight off the virus and use it at his will and transform into a demonic beast and help you in your battle to save lives and irradicate the virus . But now he 's losing control of it , the virus is winning and to make matters worse a powerful political figure who controls the police force and has his private gang of machine gun waving thugs hot on your trail has been infected . . and they 've got your girl too ! If you wan na know what else happens i suggest you buy this movie , watch it and then add it to your top ten anime file right next to Akira and Ninja Scroll .
 I like this anime quite a bit . If you like animes like Wicked City & Vampire Hunder D , -LRB- The serious , dark feeling kind -RRB- than I think you will find this anime to be quite pleasurable.It 's slightly short -LRB- 1 hour -RRB- , but is long enouph to satisfy your yurning.Definitely worth owning .
 When I bought this anime , I thought that is would be good but not excellent . After I finished watching it , I realized that this was one of the better animes that I have watched in a while . The only reason that I did n't give it 5 stars is that it was only like an hour long and it would have been a lot better if they spread this anme out into 2 hours instead . I hope that they come out wth a sequel !
 . . With plenty of gore to boot ! I like this film a lot , because its good anime , action packed and has a good plot . Anybody who likes Ghost In The Shell or Zieram will like this one .
 I really liked this one but its storyline was reminiscent of the Devilman series .
 While State 's Evidence does n't do as great a job as other films -LRB- Bang bang you 're dead , elephant -RRB- of it 's type to illustrate the fragile world of teens and their bullies and deadly results , State 's Evidence does present a realistic picture of something that many other reviewers fail to mention
 that is a little hard but realist of what a game can transform in a lethal issue , be careful at your kids
 i have well over 3500 dvds and i can tell you this is one of my favorite movies . it has a story line that will keep you watching , the characters will keep you interested . and the ending ... well youll see . . one of the most powerfull teen shock movies i have seen
 This movie is so terrific . It has a well planned plot and it will surprise you in the end . What scared me is that a lot of what they said I could actually make sense out of and understand . I love it . I could watch it over and over .
 This has got to be one of the best films i have been priveleged to see in a long time . The realism is just insane coming from such young actors . they just did n't play the part , they were it . There 's moments in this masterpiece that you flat out forget you 're watching a screen . a must see for anyone who likes good cinema .
 This was a good movie , albeit disturbing and hard to watch . The cast is good ... too good at times . Not for the feeble-minded .
 SHERLOCK HOLMES AND THE SIGN OF FOUR was the 2nd of 2 films that Ian Richardson starred in as the Great Detective , after HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES . Once again , the production values , and Richardson 's warm and impeccable performance carry this flick . Cheri Lunghi -LRB- Queen Guenevere in EXCALIBUR -RRB- is a winning and winsome damsel-in-distress and David Healy 's Dr. Watson is a great improvement on his HOUND counterpart , being much more realistic in the role . Of course , there are a couple liberties taken with the original tale , and the culprits are revealed rather early in the film for my taste , but it does n't get in the way of a solid and entertaining thriller . If you 're a Sherlock Holmes fan , I would definitely recommend this film .
 the DVD is grainy , and the story does deviate from the text somewhat . The packaging is nicer than the one for the Richardson `` Hound of the Baskervilles , '' but I would still say that the Granada version with Jeremy Brett is the better of the two .
 Brilliant ! Ian Richardson really does bring Holmes to life in this entertaining and clever adaption of ` The Sign of Four ' . A brilliant story of pygmies , jewels and wooden legs , plus the usual amazing deductions made by Holmes with the help of Dr.Watson . Great viewing !
 Of course it is always said but for the hundreth time
 I Am A Real Sherlockian With A Considerable Sherlock Holmes Movie Collection , And One Of The Things I Really Like To Do Is Critique The Different Actors Portrayl Of Each Sherlock Holmes Mystery , Like Most I Grew Up Thinking Basil Rathbone Was Sherlock Holmes , until Jeremy Brett Was Cast As The Great Man , & I Had To Give Him The Nod , However I want To Tell You About Ian Richardson 's Potrayal Of Holmes In `` The Sign Of Four '' , Along Side Of David Healy As the Ever Vigilant Dr. Watson , Their Version Of The Sign Of Four Is The Best That I Have Seen ! , It Takes A Few Liberties But Ian Richardson 's Portrayal Of Holmes In This Movie Was A Joy To Watch ! , He Was Enjoying Letting The Scotland Yard Inspector Go Off In The Wrong Direction & Mis-Read The Clues At Every Turn While He Laughed Behind His Back , & Then Look Serious When The Inspector Turned Around To Face Him & Holmes Shook His head Up And Down & Said Yhea It Could Be ! , It Was Serious At Times , it was Sad At Times & It Was Funny At Times , And Entertaining All The Time ! , I Hated To See It End ! , Ian Richardson added a whole new facet To Sherlock Holmes In This Movie ! , And I have To Say , If You Miss It Your Missing Alot ! , I Very Highly Recommend This Movie ! BILL CROCE
 `` Another monograph ? '' says Dr. John Watson -LRB- David Healy -RRB- , as he walks into the smoke-filled parlor at 221B Baker Street where he shares quarters with Mr. Sherlock Holmes -LRB- Ian Richardson -RRB- . `` Yes , '' says Holmes , adjusting a long row of burning cigars . `` This is on the distinction between the ashes of the various tobaccos . So far , I have enumerated 93 forms of cigar , cigarette and pipe tobacco . '' This monograph , long thought lost , is now assumed to have been suppressed by the major tobacco companies in Britain and the United States.With The Sign of Four we will encounter one of Holmes ' most dangerous and resourceful villains in a story which features a one-legged man ; a prison treasure map ; a box of diamonds , emeralds and pearls ; an Andaman native named Tonga with an appetite for raw meat ; the second largest known diamond in the world , named The Great Mogul ; the Baker Street Irregulars and enough bestial murder , greed and revenge to curdle the blood of the most innocent of young Victorian ladies.The Sign of Four is the tale of the one-legged Jonathan Small and three other prisoners held in the British military prison on the Andaman Islands . They know where a fortune in jewels is buried there . Small 's trust in Major John Sholto , the commander of the prison , is sadly misplaced . They help Sholto and Captain David Morstan locate the jewels on the promise that the fortune will be shared when they are released . However , Sholto takes the jewels back to London . When later Morstan arrives for his share , Sholto kills him . Sholto on his deathbed six years later tells his two sons of the treasure and insists that to wipe away Sholto 's guilt . Captain Morstan 's daughter must have Morstan 's share . When one of the sons anonymously sends The Grand Mogul to Miss Mary Morstan -LRB- Cherie Lunghi -RRB- , a trail of death and horror begins to work its way towards her in the person of the now-released Jonathan Small . With the animal-like Tonga by his side , with thick fog swirling through London 's gas-lit streets , Small intends to have his vengeance ... and all of the jewels . Only Sherlock Holmes , with Watson by his side , stands between Small and the frightened but brave and lovely Mary Morstan.Executive producer Sy Weintraub arrived in Britain with the idea of making a series of made-for-TV feature length stories with Ian Richardson as Holmes . He managed only two , and it 's our loss . This and the first film , Sherlock Holmes - The Hound of the Baskervilles , are given first-rate , exciting productions and good , tight scripts . A real pleasure in The Sign of Four is Holmes against a collection of side show freaks , including Holmes on a turning , ornate carousel trying to elude a poison-dart-puffing Tonga . Richardson is a fine and subtle actor who gives just a bit more warmth to Holmes than , say , Brett or Rathbone gave . I would be hard-pressed to say which I like best . Fortunately , it 's possible to like all three . `` What a very attractive young woman , '' John Watson had said to Holmes as Miss Marston left their quarters after she met the two and pleaded for their help . He finds her so attractive that , in the fullness of time , she eventually will become Mrs. John Watson . `` Is she ? '' Holmes replied . `` I did n't observe . '' We 'll have to wait for Sherlock Holmes to encounter Miss Irene Adler for the next step in Holmes ' personal development.For fans of Sherlock Holmes , the two Richardson movies are well worth owning . The DVD itself does n't meet current expectations of DVD sharpness , but it 's easy to watch . There are no extras .
 Of course the quality is n't amazing for this moving but that did not matter to me . I am a big Sherlock Holmes fan and thing this animated movie did an excellent job portraying the mystery . I only wish it was longer because I enjoyed it so much .
 To me this is the best Holmes film ever , and the best Sherlock Holmes as well . Watson is good to . A pitty this series was not continued ...
 This is by far one of the best fitness videos I have ever used . I am in the fitness field and have looked at many dvd 's over time , and tend to be disappointed with the construction and pacing of most dvd based workouts . However , Kettlebell bombshell is brilliant in it 's format and pacing . First , the video begins by showing you EVERY exercise that will be used within the 3 workouts on the dvd . This allows you to get comfortable with the exercises before you try one of three workouts given . What 's even better is that the intro to the exercises is also a workout ! I enjoyed doing this section before I started one of the workouts so I felt comfortable and could follow along better . It also gave me a chance to focus on my form . The workouts themselves are awesome , both fun and challenging . Lisa provides both inspiration and motivation within the video . My favorite thing about the workouts is that they are paced very well . I never feel like Lisa talked to fast or jumped exercises . For once I felt like there was a fitness DVD I could follow along with the entire duration . In addition to being concise in her instructions the workouts are not very long , which allows me to do them in a time crunch , if I have extra time I can do each work out twice or choose two different formats.Now for the results ! First off the key to getting results with any workout is consistency , you have to be at least committed to doing this workout a few times a week for anything to happen . Do n't expect for it to work magic if you only do it once a month . I find when I do the workouts at least 3x a week , I see results very quickly , I lose inches become more toned and see and feel a difference in my body , especially the core and butt . Although you are using weights the kettlebell method does slim you down , rather then bulk you up -LRB- look at Lisa if you do n't believe me -RRB- . I am a yogini and was worried that this workout might compact my muscles , I was pleastenly6 surprised when I found it enhanced my practice : -RRB- Overall I have three suggestions1 . If your new to kettlebells and already see a trainer get Kettle Bell Bombshell2 . If you have never tried kettlebells and ca n't afford a trainer and want a good dvd get Kettlebell Bombshell3 . If you just want to change your workout routine , get results and have fun , get Kettlebell Bombshell
 I have other kettlebell DVD 's -LRB- Ironcore , Dragondoor -RRB- , Kettlebell Bombshell is by far the best . It 's especially great for women . Lisa gives the best instruction before you start the workout . Some other dvd 's do n't even give instruction ! Kettlebells are so different from other workouts , people have to understand that they must get proper instruction before they attempt to pick up a kettlebell & start working out . You could really hurt yourself if you jump right into it . Lisa made me feel confident & comfortable with the kettlebell . I think that made me enjoy the workout more and get more out of it.Another great thing about Lisa Balash is that if you have a question , you can email her and she gets back to you right away . I went to her website -LRB- it 's listed on the dvd -RRB- and contacted her that way . I even called her & she was pleasant & helpful to me on the phone . I do n't know of any other trainer with a dvd who would do that.Be aware ... this is a very intense workout . Do n't try to do too much in the beginning , start slow . I also really like that she has 3 different workouts to do . You can do 3 workouts a week without repeating exercises and target all your muscles.I 've been using the dvd for 4 months and I 've lost several inches all over my body . My weight has gone down also . I , personally , do n't care about how much I weigh . I can say that none of my pants fit me anymore ! I have gone from a 12 to an 8 ! That makes me much more excited than what that scale says . To be honest , I have also made healthy changes to my diet.To sum up , Kettlebell Bombshell is the most fun I 've had working out since I was teenager in ballet class . I highly recommend this !!
 -LRB- this is Brandon 's wife , Trin posting -RRB- I have 2 other Kettlebell DVD 's that are pretty good , but this is the topping on my cake ! I was n't sure about this DVD at first , because i did n't know much about her , so i looked her up on Youtube and i liked the training sessions that i saw there ; so glad i went with it ! I highly recommend this workout DVD !! Lisa breaks down all the workouts in an instructional section of the video ; along with informative hints to help you along the way.It is a pretty intense workout , with just one run through my heart rate is up and i 'm breaking a good sweat -LRB- using a 30lb kettlebell -RRB- , take your time and as long as you 're doing something you 'll get results ... especially with a kettlebell ! It also has 30sec-1minute rest times transitions between routines.I also enjoy that there are 3 different workouts -LRB- upper body , lower body & circuit -RRB- to keep it new and get all your muscles working ! It 's great that they are short workouts too -LRB- about 20mins -RRB- ; granted you can replay if you want to do more then one circuit per section -LRB- upper/lower , etc -RRB- . Being a busy mom i can get a workout done , before my boys notice i 'm gone to long!This DVD is definitely worth the purchase ! Get it , watch it , practice it , do it !
 After doing research into the many kettlebell instruction videos I saw for sale , it became obvious that Kettlebell Bombshell was going to be in the top 3 for my consideration . The reasons for this were Lisa 's reputation and accomplishments , previous reviews and watching the trailer to see what her approach was all about . After seeing a sample from the video , it was an easy decision . I particularly appreciated her attention to technique . In order to achieve maximum results without injury , technique is of paramount importance . From the first play of the DVD , Lisa 's instruction was easy to follow but I appreciated her attention to not only demonstrating the proper technique but talking about it as the exercise progressed . For the record , I had never done training with kettlebells prior to this so obviously beginning with the proper technique would help to increase the likelihood of the results I was seeking . All I can say is WOW ! I pre-ordered this DVD in April and have been doing workouts 3x/week since . LIFE-CHANGING to say the least . It is full-body AND cardio all rolled up into one butt-kicking workout . The swinging movement of the exercises felt so much more organic and natural as compared to traditional weightlifting for me . If you are looking for a well made , well conceived kettlebell instruction DVD , you will NOT be disappointed . I ca n't wait until Kettlebell Bombshell II !!
 This DVD is a very good place for beginners to start . I have tried Amy Bento 's , Kathy Smith 's , and Missy Beaver 's kettlebell DVDs . This one is better than those and is reasonably priced . The 30 minute instruction segment is the best I 've seen . You can do that as a slow paced workout itself . I need a workout that 's around 35 minutes to fit into my schedule in the morning . To achieve that I combine the lower body workout with the upper workout , fast forwarding to shorten the rest periods . I also combine the lower body workout with the circuit workout , fast forwarding to shorten the rest periods . I have only been doing kettlebell workouts for about 4 months but I will say that it 's the best workout for the butt I have ever found . I am 53 years old and have been working out with weights for years . The KB works the lower body like nothing else .
 I absolutely love Kettlebell Bombshell ! No matter if you are a beginner or have had experience with Kettlebells ... Lisa Balash explains it very simply and you can make the workout as hard or as easy as you need !
 I received my DVD a week or so ago . I have to admit that I really like it and I am very happy with my purchase . Lisa 's DVD instruction is very user friendly and easy to understand . The instructional portion was vey helpful because I am totally new to kettleball . Its worth going through the instructional portion of the video for awhile until you are comfortable . I even emailed Lisa to ask her a question and she responded immediately , I really appreciate that . She wants to help her customers . I look forward to getting stronger and healthier with this DVD . It is worth the money and your time . .
 I have viewed a number of Kettlebell WO 's , especially with female instructors . MOst are boring , too aerobic in nature and use light bells . This one is an instructional video at the beginning , emphasizing form always . I admit the rest periods can be longer if you 're using a lighter bell weight but up that and you 'll be thankful . She gives a rundown of beginning , intermediate and advanced with reps and rest . It 's the way to start a program , no doubt .
 I love Lisa 's KettleBell Bombshell video and I ca n't wait to get volume 2 . She is so great at explaining technique . I like how she does n't do a whole lot of talking during the workout -- that is what the intro is for -LRB- learning the exercises -RRB- . Her workouts are doable and you chose how hard you want to workout by increasing reps or weight . I only wish there was more focus on core workout . Overall , awesome workout and definitely not boring . KettleBell 's + Lisa Rock !
 I HAVE BEEN WORKING OUT WITH LISA FOR OVER 5 YEARS ALONG WITH MY 24 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND WE BOTH LOVE THE KETTLEBELL WORKOUTS WITH LISA!I HAVE STAYED IN GREAT SHAPE IN ADDITION TO HER POINTERS ON NUTRITION AND CLEAN EATING !! I HAVE BOUGHT NUMEROUS BEGINNER 'S DVD 'S FROM HER AND MY RELATIVES , ASSOCIATES , ETC. . HAVE ALL LOST WEIGHT AND TONED UP FOR WEDDINGS & MAKING A POSITIVE CHANGE IN OUR LIVES . WE HAVE ALL CONTINUED OUR EXERCISE ROUTINE AT HOME , TOO AS IT ALLOWS TIME TO REST WHILE REALLY HITTING THE BELLS BY WORKING OUT AS HARD AS YOU CAN WITH GREAT FORM ... THANKS FOR ALL THE GREAT MOTIVATION YOU HAVE GIVEN ME AND MY FAMILY & ASSOCIATES . MARY MUSSO
 I absolutely love this workout . I could n't believe how sore I was after doing just the intro . If you 're expecting a fast paced workout , you may be surprised by the many breaks there are between sets of exercises . If you 're using the right size kettlebell and doing the exercises properly you 'll NEED these breaks . This is an excellent workout for beginners , but you can easily modify it once you 've become more advnanced . I feel like Lisa was speaking directly to me during the workout and I appreciate her non-gimmicky approach to teaching you the PROPER TECHNIQUE for working out with kettlebells.I emailed Lisa to let her know how much I like this workout and she emailed me back with lots of encouragement to keep going and asked me to keep her posted on my progress . I doubt that any of the instructors on my other workout DVD 's would take the time to do that ! I 'm now a forever fan of Lisa ! She is coming out with another Kettlebell Bombshell workout soon and I will definitely be purchasing it.If you want a workout that incorporates both strength and cardiovascular training into one fun and effective -LRB- and short ! -RRB- workout , then this is the DVD for you !! I find myself picking up my kettlebell all the time to practice my technique . It 's that addicting !
 Great DVD and you feel the results from the very first workout . This dvd is wonderful for toning , strengthing and geting toned . If your looking for a all-in-one workout then this is the dvd for you !!! Enjoy
 I attend live kettlebell classes and was so happy to find this workout to do additional training at home . Not only is she using correct form and teaching the correct method people will actually see how a true kettlebell routine is supposed to be . There are way to many so called instructors releasing dvds for kettlebell workouts that not only use improper form but horrible instruction . This dvd is not one of those . This dvd is taught by someone actually certified and trains kettlebell . If you really want to learn how to do this form of fitness the correct way this is the dvd you should purchase and recommend to all your friends . Lisa is top notch and I look forward to any future releases she has . The workout does what it 's supposed to do it breaks down the moves and shows you correct form and structure . If you want more of a workout fast forward to the next section , trust me you will get your heartrate up and feel the burn . This is one of the best ways to not only train for strength but it also involves a great cardio workout as well . Well structured dvd with great emphasis on proper form and techinques . This is how kettlebell dvds should be made . If you want a great beginners dvd this is it .
 I 've been spending hours a day in the gym for years , and had heard about kettlebells so decided to give it a shot . I 've been doing Lisa 's kettlebell workout for a couple months now and it honestly has been the most effective thing I 've ever tried for burning fat and creating a leaner look . The amazing part is that I no longer spend hours at the gym - I spend less than an hour , three times a week , doing kettlebells and the results are phenomenal . If you 're tired of trying everything under the sun , you need to try kettlebells . You will see results and be convinced for yourself.Kettlebell Bombshell with Lisa Balash
 My wife has just gotten this dvd and is doing the review.I have 5 kettlebell dvds . Bob 's , Jillians , Gen Millers , Goddess workout and kettlebell bombshell . The dvd 's I used the most are Jillians and Gen Millers . I think I have just found a new favorite . Lisa 's instruction in this dvd is fantastic and very clear . I do think that if you are trying to lose weight like 30 + pounds and you are not use to exercising then I would start out with a 10 pound kettlebell . I did switch to a 15 lb after 3 weeks . Do n't get discouraged this form of exercise works . I am in my 50 's and lost 16lbs in 6 weeks and feel so much firmer and can actually see muscle . I also have 30 more pounds to lose but can really tell the muscles are firming up . In this dvd of Lisa 's you have a 60 to 30 second rest period . You can take it if you want or do jumping jack or running in place in between to keep your heart rate up . I also like that it is split up on to upper body workout and lower body workout and then a circuit training . She also notes how many reps to do for beginners and advanced before the workout . As you advance you can do more reps and it cuts down on the rest period . All in all I think a very good dvd .
 I would never consider myself a cardio lover . As a matter of fact , I hate bouncing up and down , and was desperately searching for something that I could happily do the rest of my life . That 's when I found kettlebells ! I immediately began searching for different DVD 's on Amazon and came across a few . After trying practically all of them , Lisa 's is by far the best to me ! There is no jumping jacks or other crazy cardio drills , just smooth , intense kettlebell exercises that totally sculpt every inch of your body ! In just 3 short weeks , working out 4 times per week , my body saw more strength , definition , and flexibility than when I was in boxing ! Thank you Lisa for your down-to-earth personality , motivation without yelling , and intense fat burning video !
 I bought this DVD after reading all of the great reviews on Amazon as well as checking out Lisa 's Youtube page . I enjoy Lisa 's no nonsense approach to fitness and her body is amazing and you ca n't argue with that . I live too far away to meet with a kettlebell trainer I bought this as a beginner intro to kettlebell . I do not regret this purchase , the rests are a little long between sets but I fast forward if I am low on time or continue the exercise from the completed set.I am not a `` sweater '' but I do sweat with this DVD . I know there is room to grow with these fundamentals and I will eventually buy a heavier kettlebell . I am currently using a 20lb .
 I bought this because I love Kettlebells and am a sucker for pin up girls . I did n't think it would not be the best ever , but it is . Lisa is amazing ! Motivating and easy to follow . She reminds you of simple things -LRB- like the flow of the muscle , how to rack the weight -RRB- thru the whole work out . Love love love it !
 I bought this DVD almost a year ago . I finally decided to use it and I am happy that I did . I did find the DVD very helpful , the workouts are not long and there are some rest periods throughout each workout . In my opinion workout 2 is the hardest , I am not a fan of burpees at all but they do get easier . I do not really rest during the breaks , if I need a rest I take it , if not I fast forward to the next section . Overall a great workout ! I will probably get her next DVD . I am new to the kettlebell thing and I am using a 10 pound bell . This seem like just the right size for a beginner .
 Both wanting to get back into shape , my best friend and I decided to start doing our workouts together . Neither one of us is really interested in purchasing a gym membership , so we have been trying different homework out DVD 's and half an hour of cardio 3-4 times a week . We both agree that this is by far the most fun of all the DVD 's we have tried.Lisa Balash the instructor is fantastic , she 's just so real ! Having worked out in the past with a personal trainer weekly I can say from my own experience , her instruction on Kettlebell Bombshell is the closest thing I have found on a dvd to having a personal trainer in your living room . It really feels like she is talking to you personally , her direction in proper form , and her reminders while doing the moves are exactly the direction a good trainer gives you . Same with the rest periods between sets , most trainers when working out with some one new to fitness gives them breaks between sets . If you do n't feel you need the rest you can continue doing the moves threw the break.Lisa suggests women starting out use a 15-20 pound kettlebell , both my friend and I felt as truly new beginners we should start with lighter bells . We were glad we did as some of the moves call for pressing it up over your head , but once we were familiar with the moves we were able to quickly move on to heavier bells . The DVD contains 3 work outs , an upper body , a lower body , and a circuit . It also contains a nice instructional section where Lisa teaches you proper form for the moves.Overall , this is a great , fun workout , that both myself and my friend actually look forward to doing . How often can you say that ?
 This kettlebell DVD by Lisa Balash is AMAZING ! Her informative intro on how to use kettlebells helps to understand the exercises she 'll be doing throughout the workouts . The workouts are perfectly timed and spaced so that you get enough rest in between the exercises . She also gives suggestions on how to make it more challenging if you 've used kettlebells before.I love working out at home , so it 's great being able to use her dvd to refresh on proper technique and exercises I may have forgotten about . It 's also a great way to get back into shape since she breaks down the workouts for beginners.I definitely recommend people who are interested in what Kettlebells are to buy this DVD . She 's informative , has a great attitide and presense , and her outifts are super cute ! I know I want to look as GREAT as she does in this video so kettlebells is the way to obtain a tight fit body ~ !
 Lisa did an exceptional job with the DVD . It contains detailed instruction on how to perform all the result producing exercises and then contains several follow along workout for all levels.Some of the workouts are for full body training while others focus on upper body and lower body for split style training . Lisa explains each exercise in great detail and has an engaging personality to keep you focused on the workouts . I also like how she merges bodyweight training and kettlebell drills . If you are ever in the Las vegas area make sure to hire her for private training and check out her classes as well.Mike Mahler author of `` The Aggressive Strength Solution For Size and Strength ''
 This is the DVD for you if you are just starting out or an experienced Kettlebell Lifter ! I own and have seen many Kettlebell DVD 's and Lisa 's Kettlebell Bombshell is at the top of my pile !! Lisa produced a professional , high quality , well thought out and very well instructed DVD ! Lisa is a true professional in the industry , she is always willing to assist in your training and her customer service is excellent with extremely fast delivery!The work along programs that Lisa put together for this DVD are perfect for building strength , endurance and giving you the body you want in no time!Lisa has proven thru her Kettlebell Training just what you can expect to gain physically ! Lisa is definitely a DO AS I DO type instructor , proving time and time again on the Kettlebell Platform in competition !! I personally recommend this DVD to all of my clients especially women , to assist them with their personal training at home !! Bob Salisbury WKC -LRB- World Kettlebell Club -RRB- Certified Fitness Trainer
 This is my third kettlebell DVD , but my first with Lisa Balash . I liked her clear , simple cueing without use of extra self-promotion or hyperbole like Pavel does -LRB- though if you can get past that , he does know his stuff -RRB- . The DVD has four sections
 Great DVD ! Very informative and thorough in explaining the CORRECT way to do the different techniques without hurting yourself . Lisa Balash and her physique are very inspiring too ! If only ... just got ta keep at it though !
 This is a great dvd to start out with when newly using the kettlebell . Lisa gives detailed instruction with lots of reminders of how to do the movements using proper form to avoid injuries and to get the most from each movement . Now that I 've done each workout several times at the advanced level -LRB- she gives suggestions for how many reps and what length breaks to take for beginner , intermedieate , and advanced -RRB- I feel ready to do more strenuous and prolonged kettlebell workouts , so I am eagerly awaiting her Volume 2 dvd . In fact , I , like one of the other reviewers , was so impressed that when I contacted Lisa to ask when it will be coming out , she personally answered me and gave suggestions for me to get a more strenuous workout even just using this dvd .
 Although I purchased this DVD a couple of months ago , I am just now getting around to trying it . There are 4 different programs on the dvd ... instructional , upper body , lower body and cardio . So far I have only done the instructional one . The instructor is very specific on the proper way to do the movements . I have a few other kettlebell dvds , but I think she goes into a lot of detail about the movements . She also shows the movements from a side angle and a front angle , so that you can see the proper way of doing it .
 I have been working out with this video for about 3 months . I really enjoy how effective the kettle bells are in such a short amount of time . And although I see others criticize Lisa 's style in that she allows for rest time , she makes it so clear and easy to continue on with another set and/or use a heavier weight throughout . So it is up to the user to know and adjust the workout to their needs which is so important as we are all very different . Lisa focuses on technique and I am critically aware that raising your heartrate and sweating to kingdom come without proper technique will not provide the results you desire . This is about toning and strengthening and sculpting your body and it is incredibly effective and requires only 15-30 minutes 3-4 times per week . Also , as someone who has some fairly involved injuries , I have been able to take on this program and look forward to the workout WITHOUT HAVING TO GO INTO THE GYM every day ! A + rating . She knows her stuff .
 Lisa has been a long time associate of mine and for someone who has been using Kettlebells for many years , Lisa 's DVD is one of the MOST helpful and effective instructional video for those with multiple experience with Kettlebells from those who are new to KB 's to those of us who have molded our fitness programs after Kettlebells . Thank you Lisa for continueing to put out great fitness info to the community ! You 're a gem in the fitness world ! Keep up the great work!BenYou can also follow Lisa on YouTube , just run a search for Kettlebell Bombshell or Lisa Balash.BUY THIS DVD !
 Lisa is an exceptional instructor . I appreciated her thorough explanation and examples of each kettlebell move . She goes slow enough with each workout without being too frustrating . Every other kettlebell dvd I have purchased made me feel rushed , so I sacrificed proper positioning . But , I felt comfortable with her instruction . I would like to know when are where to purchase Volume 2 as soon as I master this dvd !!
 I was very pleasantly surprised at the dvd . It was recommended to me by another friend so I had my reservations , but when I popped it in the dvd and went to the instructional section of the dvd , imagine my surprise when I not only received very well detailed instructions , but a very good workout as well . The instructor started out a bit wobbly for the first minute or so , but by three minutes or so when she got into the actual instruction of the exercises she was confident , knowledgeable , her form was great and I started paying attention . I am one of those who exercisers that if you do n't hold my attention within the first 10 minutes I turn the player off ; I stayed until the very end and that was just for the instructions . I would certainly purchase another workout by Lisa if its of the same caliber as this dvd . I put this dvd in my regular rotation of workouts , in addition to my daily running .
 Having a prior shoulder injury , I stayed away from kettlebells . A friend recommended I try out Kettlebell Bombshell . It was definitely worth the money . After going through all the workouts , I was really impressed with Lisa 's knowledge of kettlebells . She takes time out to explain every movement and how it affects the body . Lisa also focuses on proper form and technique which is critical to use . I definitely got the most out of each workout and remained injury-free . I 've used the DVD for several months and my shoulder is much stronger . The energy Lisa brings to each workout is excellent compared to other workout videos I 've used in the past . Do n't let the title or the gorgeous face on the front of this DVD fool you . You will get a great workout no matter what fitness level you are .
 Lisa Balash has given us ladies a very challenging yet very doable Kettlebell routine . And when I say routine I mean routine . This video is set up like a beginners workout DVD , but also teaches in a way that will allow anyone , who becomes familiar with the routines , to take the routine anywhere -LRB- gym , trip , or continued at home -RRB- . So you can consider it an instructional DVD as well as a home workout.I have other Kettlebell videos that I like doing , but as far as learning proper form and mechanics for the Kettlebell , without injury , and with the most efficiency , Lisa is so far the only one ho has given me that . Others demonstrate the moves , but Lisa explains the move so that your not just scratching your and wondering if you 're doing it right.I really love this video , and I 'm sooooo happy she made it . The Kettlebell is a wonderful tool , research it , you 'll see , the history is awesome . I ca n't wait for the next video to come out , as my technique and strength have already improved greatly.And , NO , I do not know Lisa personally . I 'm just a girl who feel in love with the Kettlebell and who knows a good teacher when she sees one.Keep these wonderful DVDs coming !
 I usually do n't write reviews , but I really wanted to say something about this dvd . I have been trying kettlebells for a little over a year , and when I say trying , its because I never really got into them enough to see any kind of real difference . I am not a huge work out person , I have a lot of trouble staying focused , and I 'm impatient , but I really liked this.PROS
 This has 4 sections
 Best , safest instruction . Lisa 's instruction is straightforward , sensible , and reinforced throughout the video . The progressions make sense and result in an incredible workout . I bought the video at the beginning of January and see great results not only in my strength and fitness , but in my balance and endurance as well . With 3 different workouts -LRB- in addition to the instructional segment -RRB- and lots of options , I continuously get a great workout and push myself to higher levels . It is clear that Lisa is a Kettlebell expert , not just a celebrity trainer using the latest piece of equipment .
 The rest periods are boring during the beginner 's workout but my husband and I do knee lifts or stretching or marching in place while waiting if we do n't need the rest . Some exercisers would need the rest . The tutorial is GREAT if you are new to kettlebell training . She goes slowly enough and reiterates the precautions which some instructors do n't emphasize enough or at all . We did the first workout then switched to Jillian Michaels kettlebell workout . We will do the second workout tomorrow , then the third again and keep alternating with our other DVD 's . Bob Harper has a kettlebell workout that is much faster paced . Ms. Balash certainly has some really good points that make this one worth the investment and worth going back to to freshen up the kettlebell workouts which ARE FUN !
 Hello everyone , For everyone who is thinking about taking up kettlebell training , this is great!I am 42 , 5 ' 6 '' tall and 245 lbs . but weighed more before I started this program . I am an over the road truck driver trying to get in shape ! I have tried everything else imaginable , it was either too cumbersome to do in the truck or way too many reps and too time consuming to get any results.With Lisa 's program on my DVD player and a 35 pound kettlebell 3 times a week , I have dropped down 15 pounds and going down . She explains the excercises in great detail from different angles and tells you how and how not to do each excercise . It is very easy to follow and she is such a positive person that you just ca n't help but enjoy the workouts along with her.Her workouts affect your muscles so differently than with free weights and your whole body feels more vibrant right away.I have told my trucker friends about this DVD and the results that come from it , this is the best exercise to do on the road.I have tried other books and DVD 's but I got ta hand it to Lisa ! She really know 's her stuff ! For those that gave her bad feedback , some people can not handle positive people . I thank Lisa for great results and more to come , she is a great inspiration !
 IF YOU USE KETTLEBELL WORKOUT DVD 'S , YOU WILL FIND THAT THERE ARE TWO GENERAL TYPES . ONE TYPE IS THE TRADITIONAL KETTLEBELL TYPE WITH HEAVIER KETTLEBELLS . GOOD FORM AND AN INSTRUCTOR WHO KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING ARE VERY IMPORTANT IN THIS TYPE OF WORKOUT ; AS BAD FORM WILL PROBABLY LEAD TO AN INJURY . THE OTHER TYPE OF KETTLEBELL DVD USES LITTLE MINI KETTLEBELLS AND MORE UNUSUAL TYPE OF MOVES . OFTEN THE INSTRUCTOR SEEMS TO BE A BEGINNER , WITH IMPROPER FORM.I PREFER LISA BALASH 'S INSTRUCTION AND WITH A HEAVY ENOUGH BELL YOU WILL NEED LONGER REST BETWEEN SETS.I WILL BE BUYING HER SECOND DVD SOON .
 I was a little nervous about kettlebells because if done wrong , many swings and lifts can injure the back . I also have tendonitis in the elbows and was concerned about that . Thanks to the detailed instruction provided , I swing away with confidence and have not had any pain anywhere . It 's a fun workout that goes quickly and provides cardio and strength . I enjoy the included rest periods . When I first began , I needed them , but now I can squeeze in situps or other moves as I choose . I hear Lisa Balash is coming out with a follow-up . I would definitely buy it .
 Being a retired bodybuilder , I never thought that training for only 20 minutes could result in extraordinary results . I was used too spending hours lifting weights and doing cardio . I was skeptical in the beginning when starting exercising with kettlebells until I saw my body transform . I bought Kettlebell Bombshell DVD to get different kettlebell workouts . This DVD shocked me ! Amazing instruction and well-paced exercises to take you to the limits of kettlebell training . I drain with sweat and still can only do one workout per day . Lisa is an amazing instructor and role model . She is always available if you have questions . How many DVD exercise instructors offer that kind of support ? Lisa is definitely a `` bombshell '' . I highly recommend this DVD !
 I was drawn to this DVD because of the title . It is a great workout , both cardio and strength . Lisa herself has communicated with me a few times to check in to see how I was doing and that impressed me a lot . Being new to exercising , I was not sure what to expect from this workout . Lisa 's introduction on how to properly use the bells was great and is a workout in itself . I started out using a 10 lb . weight , even though she recommends 15-20 lbs . for women . The workouts are long enough so you feel it , but not too long as to interfere with your daily life . I am impatiently awaiting the second DVD from her . The only thing negative I can say is I wish I would have known what weights were recommended before purchasing . Overall , the exercised are great and really work different muscles than if you just used regular free weights . There are 3 workouts , upper , lower and circuit and all leave me feeling like I got a great workout .
 As KB beginner I was looking for a video that would teach me the basics and get me going with a good solid workout . After doing this workout for a couple weeks I am very satisfied with the results . I have a few complaints but over all it 's definitely worth the purchase price.One of the first things you see are weight guidelines . I appreciated that since I had no idea where I should have been starting . Luckily , I had gotten the correct size KB . And while this was good to see in the video it would have been nice if this info was in the product description . By the way - for beginner guys it 's between 35 and 50 lbs . Sorry , I do n't remember the females ' guidelines.The video has 4 chapters .1 -RRB- A basic lesson on a variety of KB moves2 -RRB- Lower Body Workout3 -RRB- Upper Body Workout4 -RRB- Total Body circuitI 've only watched chapter 1 once and would n't consider it a workout . It 's great that it 's part of the DVD and I might revisit it later to brush up on a move or clear up my technique but calling it another workout is a stretch.Chapter 2 is money . This will be the basis for my lower body work for the next few months.Chapter 3 - it 's ok . At the end of the workout I feel like I still have a lot left . Maybe I need a heavier KB or to run through it 3 times instead of just twice . However , the overall results I 'm seeing - including upper body strength - are undeniable . More on that below.Chapter 4 - Pretty good all around workout . Love the swing/burpee ladder and will incorporate that into future workouts with out the video.All 3 workouts are around 20 minutes . A lot of that time is resting time for chapters 2 and 4 . But that 's not a bad thing . First , rest is important - and you 'll need it . Second , the rest time is in big numbers on the screen so you can easily fast forward to give your self as much or as little rest as you like . Lastly , since the workouts are short you can double them up or mix them together however you see fit . There are no worries about not getting a good workout in.Before each set of exercises a set of guidelines tell you what beginners , intermediate and advanced users should be doing . Lisa takes you through at the beginner pace , so you 'll have to hit pause -LRB- or work into the rest time -RRB- in order to do the upper levels . This brings me to my one big gripe ... No tracks on the DVD . It would be so much more usable if you could hit the NEXT button on your remote to go to the next exercise or BACK to quickly go to a previous one . But , as it is , your choices are to scan through manually or go to the complete beginning of a workout . It 's 2011 ! DVDs are not some new fangled technology!Overall this video is a great way to get started with KBs . I 've been using it for only 2 or 3 weeks now and I feel amazing . I went back to the gym last week for an upper body workout . I was blown away at how much strength and endurance I suddenly had compared to just a few weeks before . I was almost laughing as I put up rep after rep of what used to be my heaviest weight for bench . Also , my pull up reps increased by about 25 % and the assist weight I needed went down by 15 lbs . And as for endurance - I did a track based sprinting workout with a couple friends . At the end of the hour they were done but I still felt fresh and could have kept on going.So yeah . I do n't get why it works so well and I really do n't care . It just does . If you 're thinking about KBs or have just gotten into them I highly suggest this video . You will not be sorry .
 WOW ! This DVD is what I was looking for especially as a beginner to the world of kettlebells . Myself having over 15 years of experience in weight/power lifting and fitness I was more than impressed with this video . From the instructional to the workouts itself I could n't believe how easy to understand and how great the workouts were . Definitely a shock to my system . Lisa does a fantastic job and love the 30 seconds of rest between each slides as if she is your virtual trainer . Overall I gave it 5 stars compared to the `` so called '' kettlebell videos out there , as you ca n't go wrong with this DVD for the content , training , instructions , etc. . I will be recommending this video to all of my fellow fitness buddies and I know they will have their prayers answered for this DVD . Do n't waste your time and money on the others ; you need to get this . TRUST ME and summer is coming if you want to rock that swimsuit the way you want !!!!
 I do a lot of fitness DVDs and kettle bell is starting to be my workout of choice . I have probably 8 different kettle bell DVDs and this , is , by , far , the , best . Ca n't say enough about it . Makes me get up and get it done .
 The DVD starts with a tutorial section to teach you the basic kettlebell exercises and then takes you through some full workouts . It is definitely for beginners . This DVD would also be great for someone who wants to just sample kettlebells or add them to an existing workout program . I hope Ms. Balash makes more of these videos as her viewers advance .
 This DVD is absolutely amazing . Lisa is an amazing trainer and she is very descriptive in her instruction . I highly recommend this DVD!I ca n't wait for the next one !
 If you are a fan of bad movies like me , and you know the difference between a just plain bad movie and a wonderfully bad movie , then this is a must have . The movie title says it all . I would pair this up with Bubba Ho Tep .
 Gary Busey circa 1978 ... no , wait , that 's his creepy lookalike son Jake Busey circa now ... is a brilliant college professor who ... and then these zombie Nazis rip a guy 's face off ... they take a brain out of this cute Asian chick and ... there 's this robot with Hitler 's head because ... and then the zombie Nazis rip some girl 's clothes off and ... after the Nazi flying saucer shoots lasers at the Australians ... and then the girl who played `` Lolita '' ... JUST BUY THIS MOVIE BUY IT BUY IT SELL OR PAWN WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO AND BUY THIS MOVIE AND SHOW IT TO YOUR FRIENDS AND YOUR MOM AND YOUR PET HAMSTER BUNKY JUST BUY IT BECAUSE EVERY BEING ON EARTH SHOULD OWN THIS MOVIE AND WATCH IT EVERY NIGHT INSTEAD OF WHEEL OF FORTUNE
 The story is fast-moving , the performances are convincing , the production looks expensive , and the climactic sequence is much more impressive than I had expected . High marks for all concerned!The audience should be aware
 All the dreadful movie qualities I 'd hoped for , terribad acting , flimsy plot , awful special effects . The perfect movie for beer and chips .
 Do n't buy these expecting anything more than what they are ... awesome cheese . I mean come on...Robo-Hitler ?? HELL YES . Pick this up AND Abraham Lincoln VS Zombies !
 Okay , the Asylum did n't remake Citizen Kane here ; they never do . However , as a cheesy B-movie gore fest with Zombies , Nazis and RoboHitler , it 's a WIN!A great addition to your ` bad movie night ' rotation . Have some friends over , make some popcorn , have a few brews and forget just what Congress and the Federal government is doing to us for an evening . It 's an hour and a half of pure unadulterated cinema schlock fun .
 Nazis at the Center of the Earth tells the tale of some researchers in Antarctica that are abducted by a team of masked troopers . They end up being dragged deep underground to a continent at the center of the earth . To which they end up finding out that nazi survivors are planning for the return of the Third Reich . I 'll admit , when you watch , you 'll be going `` Wha . . ? '' but , overall , it is n't too bad of a story.Despite what other reviewers here have to say about Asylum , I think there is an audience for these type of movies -LRB- most people are just too afraid to admit it -RRB- . Course , there has to be an audience . They have to be making a profit or else Asylum would 've folded a long time ago . I stated it one time before in another review that it really gets to me how people go on about how Asylum makes these bad movies and they are n't worth buying . I 'll admit , not every film that Asylum does is a winner but not every film they do is a loser either . They 've did some good movies , even some original movies . Some examples are
 this product arrived in less time than was specified , also the packaging was great , would not hesitate to order again .
 Stars
 My 14mo . old loves it , all the music and bright colors . It keeps her happy while we 're driving in the car .
 Love it ! I have been watching VT since college and I 'm 31 and still love them ! My son LOVES watching the VT sing-a-longs in the car , and this one was perfect for the Christmas season !
 Well , if you are looking for a synopsis of the series , look at disk 1 . This is probably one of my faovrite animes , and it 's about time they brought it to the USA.Well now the important notes . This series DVDs as with most anime series DVDs are being released every other month . The doll that comes with the set has her feminine features far to over accentuated . I think mile long legs are great , but 2-3 mile long legs . Just get the regular DVD and save yourself a 10 spot .
 Pacifica is traveling with her brother , Shannon , and her sister , Raquel . Pacifica has a terrible destiny . She is referred to as the Scrapped Princess . The Scrapped Princess is said to be born under a cursed star and bring destruction to the entire world . Nearly the entire world is out to kill her . There is nowhere they can hide , so they stay on the move . Shannon is a talented swordsman , and Raquel is a strong sorceress . Pacifica has very good protectors . At first glance , Pacifica tends to seem like a spoiled brat . Sometimes she makes a complete turnaround and shows a sweet and caring attitude . It 's kind of wierd how she changes like that . The 3 siblings will meet many people on their journey . Some will become friends and others will betray them . One thing is for sure ; there will be lots of action and plot twists.This series is pretty good . It has a good mix of action , comedy and drama . There are some really good characters that are developed well . This series stays focused on the main plot and does n't diverge like a lot of the fantasy animes out there . It has good animation , voice acting , and a decent soundtrack . I really enjoyed it , but there are tons of better shows out there . I 'll give it 4 stars , because even though I enjoyed it , it did n't blow me away .
 One thing that you know in the world of Scrapped Princess is that you never truly know the real intentions of anyone you encounter . For example in the first episode on this dvd , what seems a chance encounter with a mediocre minstrel , leads to a battle when he reveals himself as a bounty hunter able to control swarms of poisonous insects ! And with his big mouth he just might reveal Pacifica 's secret to Leo ! And there are other more powerful forces moving against the Scrapped Princess . Peacemakers , powerful beings that claim they are servants of God , who can control humans , attack once again . Behind the scenes , Christopher , the assassin from Volume 1 has been sent to investigate the true meaning of the prophecies concerning Pacifica.Once again this series great strength is in the love between Pacifica , Shannon , and Raquel which allows them to stand against an entire world ! While Pacifica wonders whether she would be better off dead , her brother and sister are always there to help her . It seems like most of the people that try to kill them are won over by their kindness and dedication to each other . Hopefully , the prophecies are wrong.The extras are pitiful with the only one being a textless ending . To me , the picture quality is not as good as it could be , especially when there are dark backgrounds . The Japanese voice acting is superb .
 Scrapped Princess is a very fun show that is perfect for all anime fans ! its very original , and fun even for the parents to watch : D
 My daughter loved these dvds so much , we have ordered every set , not to mention it comes with a figure .
 One would think that our party might catch a break after leaving town . But , instead they are attacked by an unusual assasin , which causes a crisis for Pacifica 's friend Leopold , and reunites her with the man who first tried to kill her as a baby . Later , an abandoned girl attaches herself to Shannon , ultimately resulting in tension and heartbreak amoung the siblings . More clues are provided as to the truth of what 's happening , and Shannon gains a powerful ally -LRB- ? -RRB- as this unusual story moves forward.There 's alot more going on here than is evident at first glance , and the writers are careful to build things slowly . As before , the animation is superb , and the whole thing works very well from a technical standpoint , though I find myself relying on the captions instead of the recorded dialogue . It 's a small price to pay for a great story .
 After watching the first volume , there was no doubt in my mind to watch the rest of the series and buy all of the DVDs . Scrapped Princess is definitely the best anime I have ever seen !! In volume II , the main characters encounter a musician who uses deadly bugs that try to kill Pacifica , the Scrapped Princess . Afterwards Shannon , Pacifica 's older brother , proclaims his desire to protect Pacifica from any harm : `` You 're right , I swore I would protect her . I promised that I would protect her from anything that tried to take her away from us.I want power . The power to save her . Enough power to change destiny . Power to fight , even if it makes the whole world and God himself my enemy . `` The delimma between protecting an innocent girl or saving the world continues in this volume.The English voice cast is wonderful . Sometimes they performed better than the Japanese voice cast . The animation and action is a lot better than the first volume . This anime series just keeps getting better and better !! Bandai did a wonderful job recreating the world of Scrapped Princess for the US audience .
 These series of tapes are great at some video history of specific music and time periods of Mozart . If you like a documentary with a classical concert this is for you . Do n't pass by these !
 Very powerful and accurate . This video really brings the horror or this bloody battle into perspective . The historical footage , interviews , and battle analysis are superb . The extras are worth the cost in themselves . The only complaint is the voice over work is a bit lack luster . I recommend to any WWII buff or history nut .
 Excellent documentary with impressing images of the battle in the winter russian.However , the sounds it 's not good . Subtitles in english could be better .
 I recommend this film , but I think it could have been better . We need maps -- Where are the landmarks -- Red Barricades . Crossing 62 . The Tractor Factory . The Brickworks . The only landmark we hear of in all three hours , other than the airstrips , is `` the basement of a department store . '' Surely the script allowed for mention of the well-known landmarks . Viewers who have read a book on Stalingrad will feel lost.The narrator tells us that the airstrips are overrun -- then later we hear of Ju-52s landing at Pitomnik and Gumrak -- So after Kalach , there are other airstrips -- where are the maps that show what 's going on ? And how many times do we need to hear that the airstrips were chaotic ? Seems like we heard that about every five minutes throughout the last two episodes . Was the story about the four officers in white fur coats believable ? -- Forcing the pilot at gunpoint to leave the 17 wounded on the ground and take off with only the four officers ? What goes through a pilot 's mind at that point -- how about
 I am a histroy buff , and I thought this was a great movie . Very intense , very good quality production , war is indeed hell ...
 Excellent movie . Makes one almost shiver watching it as the 6th Army struggles to survive the Russian winter as well as the eventual onslaught . One can not but feel bad for the German grunt on the Eastern front as things went from bad to worse .
 I am quite knowledgeable about the Battle of Stalingrad and the Great Patriotic War in general , so when I came across this documentary , which was a fairly recent , modern production with both German and Russian participation , I was naturally very excited . I have even travelled to Volgograd and toured many of the important landmarks from the battle , so I have spent a bit of time reading the books and watching many of the films made about the battle . I have also read many of the negative reviews written here about this documentary and I have to say that these people must have a real problem keeping things in relative perspective . The lack of subtitles is annoying . The single male voice over artist reading for all of the male witnesses - both Soviet and German - as well as the documentary 's story narration is not ideal , but come on ... There is no better collection of witnesses , soldiers from both countries , who were there present during this epic battle , anywhere else gathered together in one work . And as far as historical significance goes there is nothing more important than eyewitness and participant testimony . This is an amazing treasure to have here preserved these testimonies . Hugely important . Nothing is as rich as these human tales told by the people themselves . No book , no slick Hollywood feature , nothing outweighs the value of these stories told by those who were there . And by the way , the translation of these testimonies and the read and inflection given by the narrator is very accurate . Would I have liked a few more male VO artists ? Sure , I would . Additional female VO artists too ? Ditto . Would I like the option of subtitles . Absolutely . But as an amateur historian who takes it seriously , all of these complaints pale in comparison to monumental importance and absolute gold that the producers of this documentary have given us - the real people . The story is well crafted and woven with the testimonies . There is good use of archival footage , some of which I have not seen before . And the overall production quality , i.e. , the photography , the graphics , etc. , are also well done . A very important piece that anyone who is serious about the subject should own . I just want to say `` Thank You '' to the producers , and everyone else - crew and witnesses - who participated to bring these stories to the world .
 Excellent Documentary . At the time was thinking of the other Stalingard about the 4 soldiers . Found out later that the moveie was around 80 dollars . Glad I didnt get it
 I 'm very impressed to view this emotional documentary about Stalingrad german 's defeat . The movie 's director take care for good images and interviews . Anyone have fun for war review must see it .
 This is a fine 3-part documentary -LRB- 3-hours long -RRB- on the Battle of Stalingrad . It is a German/Russian co-production made in 2003 to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the battle that turned the tide of the war . It is a remarkable collaborative effort between the two former belligerents , with unprecedented access to their joint historical archives , both in terms of film footage and documentary records . The progress of the battle is told through the recollections of surviving veterans from both sides , as well as poignant letters home from those who perished . Alongside the better known footage from the German archives , there are rarer clips from the Russian vaults , of life in the city before , during and after the battle , and propaganda films of German POWs in Soviet concentration camps . From the NKVD -LRB- KGB/FSB -RRB- archives , we learn how , contrary to long accepted historical accounts , Field Marshall Paulus ' surrender did not bring the battle to a close - over 10,000 German troops chose to fight on amidst the rubble , holding out against superior Soviet forces for another 2 months before finally being defeated . In all , over a quarter-million German soldiers -LRB- the mighty 6th Army -RRB- died at Stalingrad . The Russians suffered over half a million casualties.The documentary is far from exhaustive . Only cursory mention is made of the Romanian , Hungarian , and Italian Armies -LRB- over half a million men -RRB- that took part in the assault and perished alongside the Germans . But on the whole , it is a balanced , moving and admirable account of a battle that has for too long , remained untold in the west . Its value lies not so much in the battle-footage unearthed but more in preserving the first-hand testimony of the last remaining survivors of this decisive moment in history.My only criticism is of the irritating English dubbing of every spoken word in the documentary . This was originally shown in German and Russian with all the interviews conducted in those languages . It 's fine to dub the main narration but dubbing over the veterans ' and survivors ' accounts was overkill and highly annoying . As the previous reviewer said , it was to appease the `` subtitle-averse '' crowd . Personally I thought the producer should have given his audience more credit . Many of the veterans interviewed were emotionally distraught as they recounted the trauma . Having American voice-actors trying to capture their distress with faked emotion made the whole exercise laughable . For me , the height of absurdity was when Hitler and Goebbels had their speeches dubbed over by some American voice-actor . Optional English subtitles should have been the way to go.The documentary was shot in 1.78:1 widescreen and is presented as such on this DVD -LRB- Anamorphic -RRB- . The recent footage , including the interviews , shots of the present-day city and the graphics used , all look excellent , with sharp images and strong , natural colours . The archive footage is understandably poorer in quality , unrestored and from the Russian side , significantly grainy . Sound is in Dolby 2.0 . There are no subtitles . Extras include a 10-minute long interview with Prof. Guido Knopp who wrote and co-produced the documentary , 20 minutes worth of additional interviews with veterans -LRB- both in German with optional English subtitles -RRB- and a 5-minute modern-day tour of a pristine , snow-clad Volgograd -LRB- City on the Volga - the new name for Stalingrad -RRB- .
 This doc does for Stalingrad what Ken Burns `` Civil War '' did to the ACW . Outstanding archival film research resulted in never before seen footage of Operation Blue & Stalingrad -LRB- especially life in the Kessel -RRB- . 99 % of the footage is genuine late 1942 vintage , and quite a bit in color . This is a MUST-SEE on HDTV . The doc also reveals a stunning secret regarding the Kessel , but I wo n't spoil it for you . I have $ 3K in English , Russian & German Stalingrad books/video , and I would buy this one again if I had the choice . You ca n't possibly regret this .
 I saw this about 3 years ago when it was playing in a very limited release in NY city , this documentary was unbelievable , extremely moving and the best documentary ever made on Stalingrad . Told throughout by interviews with the people who were there -LRB- or sometimes the wife they left behind -RRB- it is so enlightening , even to someone like myself who has seen everything on the battle including even visiting Stalingrad -LRB- Volgograd -RRB- in 1998 . I had been trying to find out how I could purchase this documentary in the three years since I saw it , to no avail , to see it finally on Amazon is great , I am ordering it today . Worth every penny !!!!!!
 Just finished watching this BRILLIANT ZDF and Co. production on the terrible battle for Stalingrad . After reading some of the B.S. complaints and reviews of others , I felt compelled to set the record straight . Unless you understand the Russian/German language , or if you enjoy those captions at the bottom of the screen , there is no other way to fully understand this movie . The scenes of death by fire , starvation , battle and the like bring the shear horror of this wasteful battle . A battle that was fought for Hitlers pathetic vision of German supremacy , and the unbelievable lunacy of leaving 250,000 men to starve and freeze to death for German glory . Apparently these other reviewers have never seen any of Ken Burns documentaries where voice overs are always used to great effect . I HIGHLY recommend this documentary . It will leave you utterly stunned . I feel sorry for anyone who MISSED THE MESSAGE , and chose to complain about something they obviously ca n't comprehend , or understand apparently . After recently retiring from the U.S. Army -LRB- 2007 -RRB- I am adding this to my military video collection today , and you should too .
 This film has been around a long time now . I first saw it in the cinema in London , and was totally blown away by it . I then bought it on VHS , finding to my horror , that it had been dubbed ! Do not watch a dubbed version of this film ! It is available cheaply on DVD , and it must be remembered that this was well before the days of ` Saving Private Ryan ' , or ` Blackhawk Down ' . Possibly the finest portrayal of close combat and street fighting ever committed to film , this German production pulls no punches , and asks for no sympathy for the German aggressors . Films such as ` Enemy at the Gates ' simply do not compare . It is a must buy for any collector of war films , or anyone interested in the brutal campaign to take Stalingrad . Completely authentic , posing little or no moral issues , it is a classic modern war film that stands out from the crowd .
 This is a great documentary and I would highly suggest it to anyone who is interested in Stalingrad , the Eastern Front battles , or really any of the battles from the war . Inferior English dubbing aside , this documentary does present some good material and quite a lot of good footage . Check it out ...
 This documentary looks at the Battle of Stalingrad , a pivotal moment in World War II . The forced surrender of an entire German army for the first time in history set the stage for Nazi Germany 's ultimate defeat . While rather vague on some details which are well documented , the interviews of German and Soviet survivors of the battle are touching and bring the tragedy of this bloody battle as close to us as we will ever get.The use of archival film throughout the documentary was very good but it seemed to reuse some of it . The employment of stills -LRB- of which there are thousands upon thousands -RRB- might have made it a bit better.Certainly better than the five minute discussion normally reserved for Stalingrad in other documentaries of the war .
 This is a great documentary which in Part 1 takes us from training in the USA to the shores and onward in North Africa with the Combat Engineers . We see the vets and hear their stories and it is very evocative of that time in 1941 to 1943 . The voice-overs and use of combat and other footage , the sound track featuring much of the music of the day , is perfect in giving us the picture of how it really was.I look forward to Part 2 .
 I consider No Bridge Too Far an excellent documentary on the Combat Engineers role in WWII.As a daughter of a 540th Combat Engineer veteran , I was thrilled to see the heroic deeds of this regiment finally recognized . Now I have a wonderful documentary for my family and me to honor the heroism of my dad and all the Combat Engineers.I was so glad that some of the surviving veterans were interviewed . These interviews , along with archival footage , photos and documents , truly capture the important job these Combat Engineers did and reflect the can-do attitude that permeated their regiment . This film stands as a testimony to their courage and strength.Marion , I truly appreciate your diligence and effort in creating this documentary.I anxiously await the release of Parts Two and Three .
 This DVD is absolutely OUTSTANDING!It covers a segment of operation that was so critical to our success in WW2 - Army Engineers.I did not want the video to end and am anxious for the next in the series!It was not only the contents of the DVD but its production , the music , the photos , and everything that make this a must have for anyone that has an interest in WW2 .
 I bought this for my God Mother , she send me a note about the video ... thank you for the dvd that your friend composed and produced in honor of her father ... I viewed it the same it arrived ... I found it interesting because I was aware of the subject ... the engineers did a sacrificial job throughout the war ... in fact one of my friends was in this section of service but based in the Pacific ... as a matter of interest my father volunteered for this service but was denied because he was involved in the production of the engines produced for the PT boats and could not be released from this job ... please give my compliments to your friend for a fine job ... she should continue in this line of activity ...
 Historian Marion Chard has created a brilliant documentary on the long overlooked contributions of the Combat Engineer in our Armed Forces during WWII . From bridge building under enemy fire to mine removal the work of the Combat Engineer was not only hazardous but crucial to the Allied success against the Axis foe . An added bonus to this engrossing story is the period music cleverly used throughout transporting the viewer back to the early 1940 's with the participants . This documentary reminds one of Ken Burns best work and deserves equal airplay on PBS stations nationwide .
 As a former combat engineer of the Vietnam War era , I liked this series because it shows some good history of my field . It has some great old photos which will make this series good for preserving history . Combat Engineers may not get the glory of the Infantry , Armor or Artillery units , but they are vital to any war effort , and this series demonstrates that fact . I am looking forward to the next episodes .
 It 's intelligent , insightful , and very funny . Brilliant performances by Julie Walters and Michael Caine in a story that you wish was true . I see very little that can be improved here , and it 's one of those very rare films that I 'll put back on my little shelf to watch again later .
 This is probably one of the better movies I have seen in a long while . The whole story line is great as is the acting . Both characters are endearing . This is a great family movie .
 I bought this because it was suggested along with Shirley Valentine . My husband was thrilled when he opened it and says it 's a great movie . Perfect condition , shrink wrapped and shipped well .
 Clever acting ... and just superb ! Now ... when is this movie going to be on DVD ?????
 Based on the stage play by Willy Russell , this buoyant , tartly funny drama of love , class , heartbreak , and literary aspiration retums `` Alfie '' director Lewis Gilbert with his ruffled , effortlessly charming star , Michael Caine . Walters , who earned an Oscar nod for her performance , is a delight as the coarse Cockney out to better herself -LRB- to the displeasure of her husband -RRB- , but the movie succeeds brilliantly due to Caine 's curmudgeonly turn as the dissolute , world-weary scholar in need of some personal discipline . School 's out for most of us , but `` Educating Rita '' is a bittersweet crash course in life 's poignant curriculum .
 It was a great play that made a nice shift to film.It is mainly forgotten but I was excited to find it and have it in my libary again
 Interesting clash of acting styles -- Walters -LRB- who originated the part on stage -RRB- playing to the rafters , and Caine taking subtlety to new , delicate depths . I 've never seen him be this good -LRB- what a believable alcoholic he makes , and what bitterness he exudes through his haze -RRB- , and I wished it had been a one-man show , like `` Mark Twain Tonight . ''
 Educating Rita is absolutely my favorite movie . It 's done by the same writer who did Shirley Valentine , which is also a brilliant must see.Some other comedies I liked , so you get an idea of my tastes
 All I can say is Caine is the bomb and he makes alot of his `` I need beans '' expressions in this film !
 This is a very enjoyable comedy and Michael Caine has an odd presence here.What happens when a working class `` babe '' decides to go back to school and make a culture for herself and meets a disillusioned and highly drunk literature professor , meant to tutor her in this endeavor?This is just the premise of this little comedy.What else is there ? Well , the fact that two worlds , at the opposite to each other start to merge through two completely different people.Like Tom and Jerry , Tweety and Sylvester , this is truly a Cat and Mouse game.But who is the cat and who , the mouse?Even better would be the comparison with Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd.What 's up Doc?For American audiences it may be a bit difficult to understand , since Julie Walters plays in a rather tight British local accent , but the storyline is so well written , that the action alone flaws smoothly and is very understandable.Earlier , I said that Michael Caine plays an odd role . What I mean by that , is that until this picture was shot , he had always played ordinary people , such like in `` Alfie '' , `` Get Carter '' , `` The Italian Job '' etc.In this one he was making a leap forward , in quality and in skills.By the way , he plays a wonderful `` sober '' drunk.The entire story is a close parallel to `` Pygmalion '' by George Bernard Shaw . The only difference is that it was quite updated , and while Professor Henry Higgins , would never truly mingle and socialize with members of the working class -LRB- it would n't even cross his mind to abase himself in doing so -RRB- , our modern Henry Higgins does it.But not enough . While Eliza Dolittle in Pygmalion , `` serves and adores '' the Professor , the modern version is far more pragmatic and while she too admires the Professor , she quickly realizes that he is just a wreck and needs a touch of reality in his life.The entire picture is a delight , with bitter-sweet moments at times , but very hilarious moments throughout.The transfer in High Definition restores the picture to its original splendor , which even in theaters was never that brilliant . The sound is nothing special , being in plain two-channel Mono , but the dialogues are clear , and since the lines in such a picture are the most important element , this is fair enough.If you want to watch a true odd couple in action , then Michael Caine and Julie Walters are the couple you want.I can truly recommend it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is on the top of my favorite movie list . It is a touching story of a working class woman trying to `` better '' herself by becoming more educated . Julie Walters is perfect with her heavy English accent , teamed with Michael Caine who can play any character without flaw . The two hit it off on an adventure of discovery about each other . Both are flawed and easy to relate to . I have waited a long time for this movie to come on DVD . Glad it finally made it.Enjoy !
 First off - just before I start - Rita is not Cockney . Cockneys come from the East End of London , which is in the Southeast . Rita is a Scouser -LRB- like The Beatles -RRB- who comes from Liverpool , in the Northwest . Just wanted to clear that one up!I watched this in an English lesson at school , and Walters and Caine give two of the finest performances of their respective careers . The story might be predictable , but that 's one of the best things about it . Anything by Willy Russell gets my vote , anyway . Maureen Lipman is also fab .
 This film is a rather sanguine portrayal of modern education , even though the usual critiques are raised by the professor -LRB- teaching to the test , lack of substance etc -RRB- . The justification is given by Rita at the end
 The only complaint I could possibly have is that the synthesizer-laden score -LRB- this WAS the '80s when this was made , after all -RRB- comes over a bit heavy-handed and pretentious.But other than that , this is one of the most delightful comedies I 've ever seen . I ca n't really add anything that has n't already been said .
 Miss Walters played the part of a liverpudlian , not a Cockney.Strangely enough , I , too , also bough t Hope and Glory and Shirley Valentine . A name change , to me , suggests a desire to change one 's whole life and assuming a new identity , ie
 One of my all-time favorite movies . Superb acting , realistic but heart-warming story of a working class woman hungry for knowledge . Also a well done examination of the difference between erudition and education . So many poignant scenes , especially one in a pub where everybody is singing , and the mother recognizes the empty life they lead with the quiet statement , `` There must be better songs to sing . '' A must-see movie .
 I am so delighted that they finally put this film on DVD . It is definitely a modern classic romantic comedy that reminds one of `` My Fair Lady '' only without the song and dance numbers . Amazon 's synopsis covers the film adequately , so no need for me to run it down here.The cast is nothing less than brilliant and I do n't think Michael Caine was ever better before or since and this film should have made a star out of Julie Walters ; sadly , she mostly was cast as a supporting actress in her later films and just about disappeared entirely until her role in the Harry Potter films . She is a breath of fresh air and steals every scene she is in and that 's even when up against the great Caine.The film is very bitter sweet and in spite of being labeled by most , including me , a romantic comedy , it is much more about self-discovery , finding independence , and the value of education . The film if funny in the right places and a real tear-jerker in others.You will not regret seeing this film . To this day it remains in my top 20 favorite films .
 Michael Caine is a university professor and Julie Walters is the lower class , cockney hairdresser who seeks to better her life and become educated with Caine as her tutor . As she becomes more educated through Caine 's help , she becomes free from a stifling marriage to a nice guy who is going nowhere and wants Rita to remain with him in that lot in life . Meanwhile , the educator also grows through his relationship with Rita . Caine is no Professor Higgins from `` My Fair Lady '' ... quite the contrary , he is an alcoholic who is spinning his wheels . But underneath , he has the seeds of an urbane Professor Higgins . His wife can no longer take it and is having an affair with another professor . Caine too becomes freed from his situation as the bubbly Rita makes him see beyond his narrow , alcohol fogged horizons.Although this movie is touching and romantic , it also has plenty of humor . Caine 's wife 's and her boyfriend 's attempts at covering up their affair is absolutely hilarious including a running joke that had me in stitches . The bittersweet ending should be good for a sniffle or two . I heartily recommend this movie .
 In Educating Rita , we find a woman , working as a hairdresser , who wants to better herself -LRB- played by Julie Walters -RRB- . More than anything she wants to learn , not to put herself above family and friends , but from a desire to know , to see what else there is in the world that she can do and be.Unfortunately , everyone in her life finds the evolving Rita not to their liking , especially her husband.Working and studying and coping with a husband who demands children are not easy for Rita . Things get particularly tense when the husband finds that she has been taking birth control pills behind his back . He burns her books -LRB- gifts from her tutor , Frank , played by Michael Caine -RRB- and her essay and forces her to decide if it 's worth the effort after all . Not wanting to be trapped in a life in which she has never felt that she belongs , she pursues her studies , becoming more alienated in the process . Only Frank encourages her , in spite of his nearly constant alcoholic haze , and she finds her place among other students and while reading great literature , sometimes with her own quirky interpretations.Even there , however , she does n't quite fit in . Perhaps it 's only in her own mind that she is not one with the academic world and those who reside there , but in the end she is happier and still yearning to learn.This really is a marvelous story and one movie that any adult returning to school to pursue a degree should see . There are pitfalls and people who will try to discourage someone eager to gain that education . This movie is highly recommended .
 I have n't seen this film in over 20 years , but had fond memories of it . Watching it was like seeing an old friend . The film is a bit dated , and does feel like the filmed stage play it is , but is enjoyable none the less . Julie Waters gives a really memorable performance as Rita . I 'm happy I added this nice little film to my nice little film library .
 Saw this movie in late 80 's and loved it , but did n't visit it again until today . I think I can appeciate it more now then 20 yrs ago . Julie Walters ' and Michael Cain 's performances were nothing short of brilliant . The dialogue was clever and witty . The transformations of both characters were subtle and continuous and made the story flow seamlessly . I would have to say that this movie is in my top 10 of all-time favorites . Bravo !!
 Excellent for fans of Michael Caine and Julie Walters . An enjoyable classic . Finely written and wonderfully acted . Shot entirely on Location in Dublin Ireland ; primarily at Trinity College .
 I am happy to say that both the package and the movie were in great condition . I bought this book for a teacher -LRB- for appreciation -RRB- , and she loved it .
 THe chemistry between Caine and Walters is magnificent as she blossoms under his tutoring . The film will give all an entirely new erotic meaning to getting a haircut .
 I first saw this movie years ago on a cable movie channel . Then I bought it on VHS tape and have been waiting patiently for it to be released on DVD . And my patience has finally been rewarded . For any woman who has ever felt that she was n't living up to her full potential , and who had to fight against conventional ideas in order to `` sing a better song '' , this movie highlights the journey with bittersweet humor.Julie Walters sparkles in the role , and Michael Caine was the perfect choice as the professor who unwittingly joins Rita on her journey of personal growth . The changes are subtle and profound ; just notice the differences in the way the characters carry themselves when they walk at the end of the movie compared with the beginning . He went from just plodding to a confident stride and she , while still wearing heels , goes from erratic wobbling to firm steps.Plus the age of the movie brings back nice memories of the 1970 's . A must see !!
 This jewel of a film ought to be seen by all who teach , learn , or wish they were doing either.Julie Walters turns in the Oscar-nominated performance of a lifetime as an Open University working-class student turning up at Michael Caine 's -LRB- also Oscar nominated -RRB- Oxford rooms for tutoring in literature.The results are hilarious but - more important - deeply revealing of the pretensions on both sides of the class gap that separates these two stars of this low-budget 1983 production.Walters , whose ` Rita ' imagines herself ' a little out of step ' with the University thing , is gorgeous and versatile . Caine plays a latter-day drunk Socrates , who only knows one thing
 The truth is , this movie does n't deserve the five stars I am giving it . But there are those movies -LRB- and books and moments -RRB- that have a sentimental significance which outweigh their cinematic value.I identified with the main character , Susan/Rita , and ached for her every step of her journey towards self actualization and awareness.I read the script for the play and in my head I heard the actors ' voices , so ingrained were their performances in my mind.So I know ... this is not a five star movie . But for me it is . It is five stars and really so much more .
 Rita , a British working-class hairdresser in her mid twenties , pauses at a crossroads in her life to take university courses . Rita is driven by the desire to see what more there may be to life before settling into the routine of bearing and raising children -- much to the consternation of her lout of a husband ! When I think of this film , the first scene that comes to my mind is the one where Rita 's mother seems depressed while her friends and family sing a forgettable popular song while sitting at the local pub . `` There have to be better songs to sing , '' she muses through tears . Rita takes her mother 's sad reflections to heart and continues with her quest for something more beautiful and meaningful . She is assisted in her quest by a cynical and hard-drinking tutor played by Michael Cain . Though reluctant at first to believe that any good can come of helping to educate Rita , in time Cain 's character comes to respect her desire for academic enlightenment and finds a bit more meaning to his own drab life as well !
 This is a timeless movie ... that my children and I like to see at least once a year . I purchased the DVD when my daughter asked for it .
 This film holds up remarkably well after all these years because of Michael Caine 's and Julie Walters ' brilliant portrayals as the two main characters . Walters shows the evolution of Rita without seeming to act at all , she 's so natural and comfortable in the role . Michael Caine is , well , Michael Caine , playing a role here that could have been written for him . The other characters are also well cast , even though they have relatively little screen time . The movie does have something of the feel of a stage play , but the director keeps it from feeling claustrophobic by inserting some beautiful outdoor sequences that fit well with the story and also open things up a bit . The soundtrack is really the only thing about the film that seems dated ; all of the music is done with s synthesizer , which at the time of the film 's release was probably considered quite trendy , but now just sounds sort of cheesy . However , once you get used to it , you forget about it and it does not interfere with enjoying the film.The video transfer is simply not up to today 's standards , with a washed-out image that I do not recall noticing even when I watched it on HBO years ago . It looks to me as if nothing at all was done to clean the image up before the transfer was made.There are no extras at all , which is unfortunate . Walters and Caine are still both active and it would have been interesting to hear their commmentary.Still , this is a classic and the movie itself more than compensates for the marginal transfer and lack of DVD extras .
 Pygmalion recast on a modern British college campus . Michael Caine plays Professor Frank Bryant , a literature prof and burnt-out drunk , and Julie Walters is the blimey girl who wants an education . Both are wonderful as is the story , with the emphasis being placed on Walters 's insistance on choosing for herself . It 's a credit to Willy Russell 's script that she does not fall in love with Caine at the end -LRB- that would have been an easy road to go down -RRB-
 I am a GCSE student at Great Marlow School , and we started reading Educating Rita -LRB- the play -RRB- , and our teacher said the school had a copy of the video if we wished to watch it . I was a bit sceptical at first , but after awhile i got into it and kept asking my teacher if we could watch some more.This movie is great , i reccomend it to anybody who loves a good laugh !
 Only Kate from London got it right about the character played by Julie Waters . One reviewer stated that she was a cockney , and the other said she was a London housewife.Of course she was a Liverpudlian ; one who is from Liverpool.The character would not have been nearly as funny had she been from any other place . The accent and Liverpool attitude is what makes this film work so well.One of my favorite movies . Have watched it about eight times over the years . It never looses its luster .
 `` Educating Rita '' can be enjoyed at many levels of understanding . It can simply bring pleasure and good feelings . And it can be understood as a story of love that is harnessed for the growth of each person involved in the mentoring relationship . For a woman who has to take her own journey , it is validating . For a stale and jaded teacher , it is instructive . For any love relationship that develops between student and teacher , it shows - in the very best light - what can happen to each when they recognize the true purpose of their exciting and marvelous luck in being brought into each others lives . That luck is
 This is a wonderful , witty and often heartwrenching film . If you want to know how starting one thing can lead to finishing something else , watch Walters & Caine change each other for the better . A must see for any adult returning to college , if for no other reason than just to keep your morale up .
 This has been my favorite movie since the first time I watched it , and I 've never stopped loving it . I think I identified with Rita/Susan way back in 1984 when I saw it , as I was a newly married working class girl trying to get my education one class at a time . Rita 's journey fascinated me , and I never get to the end of the movie without tearing up at the transformations of both Rita and Frank . It 's more than 20 years later , I have my education , and I now know that most of the reading material I devoured in the first 20 years of my life was n't literature , but I 've never forgotten the feelings portrayed so beautifully by this movie , those feelings of being between two worlds-the one I started with and the one I was working toward , as Rita puts it , trying to discover myselfI think this movie also portrays another life lesson , that you can have all the knowledge of an `` educated '' person , and still not have that be enough to fill the emptiness in your life , as Rita 's tragic roommate shows us . Rita 's education is in far more than some works of literature , and that is the best thing about this funny , sweet , and heart-rending film .
 Willie Russell did the screen play on this classic , northern England comedy . Russell is a liverpudlian with a marvelous sense of humor and a keen sense of class consciousness . Julie Walters should have gotten an academy award for this performance , because she showsthe subtle and profound changes in Rita that make this funny movie poignant .
 Rita White -LRB- Julie Walters -RRB- is a spunky , 26-year old working class woman who wants to improve her lot . She enrolls in a special Open University class and meets with her tutor , Frank -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- once a week to study great literature . Frank , who spends his days in an alcoholic haze , is at first intrigued and later enthralled with the outspoken Rita.This is a wonderful showcase for the talented and adorable Julie Walters . She is dazzling and thoroughly likeable and every word spoken in her thick Liverpool accent rings honest and true . Caine lets her shine by downplaying Frank , who is hopelessly morose and more than a bit lazy . Both were rightly nominated for best acting Oscars.The inevitable transformation of both characters is sweet and uplifting without being overly-sentimental . Walters , best known these days as the matronlyMrs . Weasley , is young and pretty and lights up the screen with her charisma . Recommended .
 Dicuss the name changes which the character of Susan White -LRB- aka Rita -RRB- undergoes as she matures into an `` educated woman '' Tell why she changes her name , and trace the various changes she undergoes as she entercounters different influences on her road to maturity .
 I believe in the power of education to change people , so as a university professor myself , this is one of my favorite films . Michael Caine , one of the most prolific actors of our time , and Julie Walters both provide memorable performances . And there are wonderful nuances in this film . Notice , for example , how Rita -LRB- Walters -RRB- has trouble with the door handle as she tries to enter Frank 's -LRB- Caine 's -RRB- office the first time . Others have pointed out some of the technological shortcomings on this DVD , but the heartwarming content overshadows any of these non-fatal flaws and makes it a winner nonetheless .
 This is a charming film with both stars performing beatifully . It was especially enjoyable for me since the female star spoke only in the Liverpool dialect with which I am familiar .
 Educating Rita shows the struggle of a young woman trying to expand her mind and horizons to break out of her working-class upbringing by getting an education through the Open University program in England . She 's a misfit in her own world , and intuitively knows that she NEEDS to stop reading pulp fiction and learn a classical education because her mind is demanding more than the environment she 's in is offering . What she did n't know is that it would be so hard and challenging . Along the way , she opens up the mind of her alchoholic tutor , Michael Caine , who is lost and struggling amongst the University elitism . Humorous and touching in every scene .
 Great film with two great actors . Funny , witty , charming . Allows you to see that although education may make you smarter , it does n't necessarily make you better .
 I liked it because it was believable and makes you realize how complicated lifeschooses are.Title ... Marriage OR an Education can you have both ?
 I got this for my girlfriend . She mentioned it one day and I went home and ordered it that night . It arrived in a few day ... YAY , and she watched it and said she remembered every line . It was a great present for her and I appreciate the timeliness of the delivery .
 Working-class and bored hairdresser Susan -LRB- who calls herself ` Rita ' -RRB- seeks inner growth by enrolling in a course in English Literature . There Dr. Frank Bryant -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , middle-aged , career alcoholic academic , becomes her tutor . Susan impresses Dr. Bryant with her earnestness and energy , and he re-examines his attitudes in life . Susan , in turn , adopts a freer lifestyle , which then brings back Bryant 's bitterness and cynicism.At the end , Dr. Bryant 's drinking gets him banished to Australia , while Susan declines his offer to accompany him and sets out for a new life of her own - with many new options .
 Michael Caine is exceptional in this movie . He plays one of the greatest roles in his career . And Julie Walters is a perfect match .
 Thank you so very much for this great movie ; I love it ! I will be sharing it with my friends .
 I was very happy with the item that I purchased and it came in brand new condition as advertised and would definitely buy from this seller again .
 Good old English comedy that a remembered from years ago . Michael Caine is always good and Julie Waters was terrific .
 I saw this movie years ago in the theatre , and it totally captivated me . Julie Waters and Michael Caine make a wonderful student and teacher team . You can feel sorry for Michael Caine 's character , with his drinking and feelings of worthlessness . I wish I had had a relationship with my teachers as Julie Waters has with Mr. Caine in this film . The end scene at the airport , leaves you feeling that both characters really had found a type of love for each other . It is a beautiful moment when Michael Caine hugs Julie Waters . Watch the facial expressions on both actors , and you will feel a deep warmth in your heart . Watch this video and enjoy and discover what is a keepsake of unspoken love.Sue
 This is one of the best films I ever seen ! I love Michael Caine and in this movie he 's splendid ! And Julie Walters is fenomenal . See also84 Charing Cross Roadit 's soooo good !
 Educating Ritais a funny and enjoyable movie that is difficult to classify . On the one hand , this is definitely light-hearted fare that tries not to take anything too seriously . Yet on the other hand , this is really good ! I am not sure if one could call this a masterpiece per se . But if it is n't a masterpiece it 's pretty darned close to one . This is the most fun movie I 've seen in a long time.The CastThe cast members of this movie deserve special mention because they really are the difference maker . Michael Caine is very good as the professor , which is not surprising considering his track record.But Julie Walters as Rita steals every scene . Her boisterous personality is endearing and amusing . It is a perfect complement to his mostly conventional performance . It 's even more impressive considering her prior experience was mostly in the theatre . Indeed , that year she was nominated for the BAFTA award for `` Most Outstanding Newcomer To Film . `` I have also seen other films with Julie Walters where she does n't have * the accent . * Her cockney accent in this film is almost a character in and of itself . It 's very effective in creating a sense of her character as a free-spirited and salt-of-the-earth personality . And it also makes some of her simple lines very funny.Incidentally , in 1984 this pair were each nominated for best actor and best actress awards by the Academy . While neither won the Oscar , they each won the respective Golden Globe and BAFTA awards . Of course , it would have been quite a coup to win the Oscar in that year , since they were each up against Jack Nicholson and Shirley MacLaine for their incredible performances inTerms of Endearment , another great picture . I am glad I did n't have to cast the vote in that year , considering what a difficult choice it would have been to make.Even if the entire cast consisted of those two alone , this would be an award worthy performance . But the additional supporting cast is also good , though they ca n't stand out from the shadows of those two.The Story and the ScriptSpeaking of awards , Willy Russell was also nominated for Best Screenplay , Adaptation . Once again , Terms of Endearmenttook the Oscar in that category but `` Educating Rita '' was nominated by every significant awards organization.While I wo n't comment on the worth of the adaptation versus the original , the script does follow that common formula ofPygmalion , where a woman is taken under the wing of a man in the attempt to `` civilize '' her . Yet in his role as teacher , Caine 's character is quickly bested by Rita . It appears that he is the one who has much to learn from her.Most of the beauty in the screenwriting is found in the sharp and witty dialogue shared by this pair . The writing is indeed intimate and effective . I often found myself laughing unexpectedly.While the plot itself must to a degree be described as `` predictable , '' the artful way the story is developed is definitely the hallmark of good writing and direction.ConclusionThis film is a beautiful and funny statement on life and personal growth . The dialogue will make you laugh , the performances will leave you in awe and the total result will make you want to watch this one again and again . I highly recommend this movie for all those who have n't seen it yet.Enjoy !
 This is one of those movies -LRB- like Shirley Valentine -RRB- that I 've never known ANYONE to dislike . It 's moving , inspiring , bittersweet , and real , at least as far as movies go . An all-time favorite for anyone who feels the discomfort associated with change . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 In the British film , `` Educating Rita , '' a young working class woman embarks on a journey of self discovery when studying literature at a university . At the same time her professor sees his own life for what it truely is . Both charators approach the final scenes with new choices . The film is a commentary on education as a impetus for personal change .
 Educating Rita `` Educating Rita '' is in my personal top five movies of all time . Although labeled a romantic comedy I think that this movie is in a class by itself and defies categorization . I have a definite academic bent and this Oscar nominated , Lewis Gilbert directed , 1983 film still strikes a deep chord though I 've watched it over and over.Frank -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , a divorced and bored-with-life alcoholic professor , just `` happens '' to be assigned as a personal tutor for the lovely vibrant working-class Rita -LRB- Julie Walters -RRB- . Rita shoots straight from the hip and is so lovely and full of life that she wo n't take no from Frank and thus starts her subtle metamorphosis from `` uneducated '' to `` educated '' . However , in her process of transition Frank finds that he has created a monster , from his point of view -LRB- he refers to Shelley 's Frankenstein -RRB- , as Rita takes on the groomed academic veneer that she so desperately covets and Frank so openly despises.During Rita 's `` education '' a love subtly grows between the two and always lurks just below the surface . Rita is a `` looker '' and her natural beauty coupled with her delightful frankness sparks a constant longing inside of Frank.This DVD begs the question ... just what is real education ? Is it the simple mouthing of academic platitudes from a learned and cultivated rote or is it lighting the spark of investigation inside of someone so that they may excel in life , and love ? For the answer to that you need to buy this DVD or at least rent it somewhere :-RRB- and find out for yourself !
 This flick , with it 's small ensemble caught me by surprise on re-run TV , a few years after its release , and I never forgot it . I was never a Micheal Caine fan , and was new to Walters . She won me over instantly , and this is now my favorite movie of all time , really because of her perormance , and of course the story . Basically , It 's Pygmaleon , reborn . A working class `` My Fair Lady '' so to speak . Rita , a hairdresser without an education signs on for a course at a university , in an attempt to better her life , against the wishes of her `` women should be pregnant and barefoot in the kitchen '' husband , Denny . Frank , a burnt out teacher with a penchant for whiskey , in overindulgence is her teacher . As the movie unfolds , He teaches her literature , she teaches him lessons in life . Eventually they both grow because of it . Rita in an attempt to change herself superficially , dubs herself Susan . She is a clean slate . Frank , Jaded and bitter , thinks she is better as the whimsical hairdresser , and balks at teaching her , in fear of her become like the other students he has . In the end he does , and she does change , but she also changes him . Her marriage crumbles because of her quest at rebirth , his career crumbles because of his drinking , and both are left with a new road ahead . It could have been so easy for another writer to have had them fall in love , have Frank to make the 100 % turnaround -LRB- out of drunken-ness -RRB- , that Rita makes of her life . But instead we get a more real ending . She has a new education , but an unsure future . He has a new future , but he may or may not still be a drunk . They both have a respect , and a frienship for one-another , and maybe a slight enamoration . In the end we are left with the sense they both will come out on top , but at the same time are not given the answers . Really a great watch for a rainy in the house night . The cast is great , you will be won over , and will watch this film repeatedly !
 Excellent acting on both the protagonists ' part . You became involved with Rita 's determination to become educated , sad when she lost her way and then very proud when she found her path again . The ending was perfect .
 I am so pleased that Educating Rita is finally coming to DVD . I have tried to purchase it in the past with no luck and my VHS is broke.If you are reading this review and want to know the synopsis , basically a young hairdresser wants to become more than she is . She feels that only through education will she have more choices open to her . She works privately with a tutor , Frank -LRB- Caine -RRB- , who is an alcoholic . During the time they spend together , each looks at the other with ` the grass is greener ' philosophy . Frank thinks that Rita is perfect the ways she is . Rita wants what Frank has . The trade off for each is what makes the film bitter sweet . You so want Rita to achieve her dream , but at a cost of who she is , is painful . What happens ? You will have to watch . My tape broke about 3 years ago , so I am very much looking forward to this film.If you enjoy British slice of life films , this is a must . IF you love Michael Caine or Julie Walters , this is a must . I recommend this very highly . It is an overlooked cinematic treasure .
 `` Educating Rita '' , directed by Lewis Gilbert , is an overlooked gem of a film . Based on a London stage play , `` Educating Rita '' -LRB- a copy of which is sold by Amazon.co.uk for those who are interested -RRB- is the story of a 27-year old middle class London hairdresser/housewife -LRB- Julie Walters , in a convincing , touching performance -RRB- who , before having children , would like very much to learn about herself . Much to the annoyance of her husband , she enrolls in an `` open university '' literature course to begin her journey -LRB- open university is the British term for college night courses -RRB- . Assigned as her tutor is Frank -LRB- Michael Caine , in his deservedly award-winning role -RRB- , an older literature professor who suffers from low self esteem and has his own relationship problems.But no , this movie is not what you would `` typically '' expect that storyline to be like . The feel of the movie is very play like -- fans of Glengarry or Death of a Salesman or movies of such ilk would immediately identify.Had this film been made in the glam throes of Hollywood , Rita and Frank would have hit the sack within two scenes of meeting each other -LRB- and it would have been graphic , of course -RRB- , then realized they were in love , followed by the inevitable obstacle to their relationship -LRB- probably a misunderstanding or rival for affections -RRB- , finally ending up with them overcoming all . Every character and plot point would have been telegraphed well in advance . `` Educating Rita '' does none of this . There are no graphic sex scenes -LRB- or any sex scenes for that matter -RRB- , no grand pronouncements of love , no cliche cliffhangers or deaths in icy seas . Instead , the story portrays Rita and Frank in a very realistic , human manner . As the story unfolds , we watch as they grow as individuals which causes their friendship to become richer . There are turns to the plot which are unexpected . I will not divulge what the end result is , as it is very unconventional and is sure to bring a lump to the throat of any romantic.Quite simply , `` Educating Rita '' is a very overlooked excellent character study framed by a wonderful story . One of my all time romantic favorites . Definitely your rental dollar well spent .
 One of my all-time favourite films , `` Educating Rita '' is absolutely brilliant rich in truth , feeling , terrific acting and a wonderfully written script which well-draws the two protagonists together . Julie Walters is excellent as the jaunty yet unfulfilled Liverpudlian hairdresser who desperately yearns for an educated mind and the somewhat underrated actor Michael Caine also gives a good performance as her depressed English tutor who wollows in his own self-pity . In eachother , they find a new lease of life and stike a special friendship which eventually benefits the pair of them . And I simply loved the fact that the writer , Willy Russell , did n't take advantage of the fact that they were good friends of the opposite sex and make them a couple and the way in which we see Rita gradually develop and find herself . Terrific stuff .
 This film is wonderfully enriching , energising and fresh.It 's hard to believe it is now 22 years old.Caine is the perfection as the cynical and alcoholic Frank , a jaded University lecturer who 's life is changed by the presence a gutsy , gritty and uneducated hairdresser , Rita -LRB- Walters -RRB- an enthusiastic Open University student who is a world away from the usual privelaged teenagers he teaches.This was Walters first real outing as a Film actress and all the passion and commitment she brings to her roles are truly in evidence here . Rita 's growth and self discovery through literature study enlivens the drunken Frank so much it is evident he has fallen in love with her , but Rita has other plans for herself and the couple spectularly fall out.The end of the film concerns itself with the resolution of their freindship and both seeking out new lives . It 's harsh and beautiful in equal measure and Walters and Caine set the screen alight with dynamic chemistry . A must see !
 No one can play a world-weary , boozy burnout as well as Michael Caine . Well , maybe Michael Douglas -LRB- Wonder Boys -RRB- is sneaking up on him , but still . In Educating Rita , Caine has his hands full with Julie Walters , playing a Cockney hairdresser who is dead set on getting `` an edjacation . '' She 's a gum-chewing , short-skirted , sassy-mouthed trollop , and he 's a. . . well , he 's mostly out of his depth when in her presence.It 's a feel-good movie that lives up to its expectations and has managed to stand the test of time .
 Educating Rita is truly a joy from start to finish . Willy Russell 's fantastic adaptation of his own successful stage play is firmly complimented by the divine suitability of Michael Caine and the golden Julie Walters in the lead roles . Julie Walters plays a sassy , street-smart , working-class heroine who is desperate to better herself though has obstacles thrown in her path as her husband fails to share Walters gutsy enthusiasm in making a better life for herself . Michael Caine turns up in one of his greatest roles yet as the drunken teacher who quickly succumbs to Walters down-to-earth charms . There is great feeling between Caine and Walters and both seemingly play off each other . Walters gets to deliver the funniest lines with her sharp , witty outlook on life though is given ample opportunity to display her true powerful range of acting abilities as does Caine . Both put in concentrated performances and approach their roles perfectly . They are given noble support from some fine British actors/esses such as Michael Williams as Brian who is secretly having a sordid affair with Caines wife and Maureen Lipman as the loveably eccentric Trish who 's performance is vastly effective . A superb and unique film that sticks closely to the play and never overplays its hand . A true British comedy-drama masterpiece .
 Lewis Gilbert 's 1983 masterpiece , a sensitive and emotionally-satisfying adaptation of Willy Russel 's intelligent and insightful two-character play . Gilbert and Russel would team up again for the wonderful `` Shirley Valentine , '' but their work in this film remains unparalleled . Michael Caine gives one of the most memorable performances in an illustrious career , disappearing into his Frank character , and Julie Walters is magnificent as Rita/Susan . The music by David Hentschel is perfectly appropriate , the cinematography by Frank Watts is inspired , the script is both touching and honest , but the magic of this film is in the interplay between the two main characters . This film captures the journey towards self-awareness embodied in education , as the Rita/Susan character develops from hairdresser to student , intellectual , dilitante , and finally into someone very different than at the start of the film yet still undeniably and uniquely `` Rita . '' The greatest gift one person can give another is the love of learning , and thus I feel this is among the greatest love stories ever committed to celluloid . The ending might be `` as inevitable as tragedy , '' in the words of Willy Russel , but the relationship between Frank and Rita made their emotional journey worthwhile , and we are all the richer for their trip .
 I first saw this film one early fall morning after I had worked an all-nighter . I watched in deep somber as Micheal Caine formed a woman out of stone . This is a film closely related to the Pygmalion -LRB- sp ? -RRB- story . I have learned that fact from a teacher at the college I now attend . I was once like Rita ... common , confused , complacent in the ordinary ways of my limited existence , but my intelligence and desire to refine it slowly bubbled to the top . This movie is an inspiration to anyone who loves to learn , and to anyone who loves to live . And it 's a beautiful depiction of the life we all find as we venture away from our common surroundings into a world filled with geniuses , charlatans , drunks , dreamers , and institutionalized philistines . I also love the way Dr. Bryant is influenced and inspired by his pupil , Rita ... he moves past his mid life crisis with help from a person who is attempting to overcome the urge to have an early one . Rita 's vibrant and positive attitude drives Dr. Bryant to explore his bottomless pit of despair and alcoholism deeper than ever before -LRB- he can not handle the fact that life is leaving him behind -RRB- . After he reaches the bottom , -LRB- and is looked down upon harshly by his colleages -RRB- he receives a new chance to start a bright life in Australia ... he too eventually moves past the common complacency he had sunk into . This film is art !! Buy it !
 Just had a chance to see this Micheal Caine film and Im waitinf for the DVD to be released . The movie was a pleasure and a great way to spend a quiet afternoon . Micheal Caine plays a drunken , ` who cares ' professor at one of the old stuffy English universities , totally stuck in a rut ... . The university , in an attempt to meld with the ` commoners ' of the community has opened up some slots for older students to receive tutoring and a ` higher ' education ... The professor is assigned a very very common hairdresser who has pre-conceived nothions as to how the upper class thinks and behaves . She is like a breath of fresh air and we see her change right before our eyes as she is introduced to the arts.Caine of course is completely taken by her and feels hesitant to accept her as a student for fear of ` jading ' what is obviously a very intelligent ` free thinking ' person that he has always wanted to be . . Great great film
 Julie Walters and Michael Caine are brilliant in this timeless comedy . The plot avoids the all too easy romantic angle to show the empowering aspect of education in a woman 's life . Referring to her future , Rita emphasizes her freedom from anyone else 's ability to rule her life , whether husband or teacher , emphasizing , `` I 'll choose . '' I wish this was on DVD . The soundtrack by Tangerine Dream is the only thing that really dates it.Because of this film , I 'll never view Mrs. Weasley in Harry Potter the same again . Julie Walters is one of the great masters of character development .
 excellant video i will be ordering more in the future and a couple books as well.JC
 As usual Bill Engvall takes the time to point out how funny life is.It 's all true and it 's all of us . He just thinks about -LRB- and talks about -RRB- what we do n't ...
 I received excellent service at a very good price , and delivery was much faster than expected ... I always use Amazon for all my music and video needs . .
 Bill Engvall is totally funny in this video , espically when he talks about taking his F16 flight .
 He is so talented and expressive with his face . I love his humor that is relatively clean but so dead on true .
 If you want to spend a fun evening with someone , watchingthis DVD is the perfect way to do it . It had us both institches . Bill Engvall is funny , funny , funny and does n'thave to use foul words to do it .
 What a funny DVD ! Thanks for the fast service . Sorry , I did n't get back to you as soon as I 'd hoped . Great service .
 Jeff and company have done it again . Funny , funny , funny . And ... we DID hear about the lotion !!! ha
 This DVD was so funny . If you like Bill at all you sould get this .
 The movie Bill Engvall
 We laughed till we cried . Bill Engvall is so easy to relate to , the Thunderbird jet segment just blew us away , we laugh just thinking about this DVD , we know many people that are 15 degrees off cool and sometimes so are we , Engvall is so funny !!!! THANKS for a million laughs ...
 I enjoy Bill Engvall 's humor and bought this DVD because of it . The first half or so of the routine was the Engvall I hoped for ... funny and presenting his somewhat eccentric take on life to which many -LRB- most ? -RRB- of us can relate . Then came the bits that gave the concert its name ; ; ; `` 15 Off Cool . '' As he went on about never quite being cool and his efforts to attain coolness , I started laughing harder and harder . It got to the point where my jaw was hurting from the laughter . That material is easily the funniest Engvall I 've seen or heard , which is saying a lot !
 It was very funny and entertaining . Language was kept clean which in this day and age is unusual . The man is spectacular . He brings out the laughter that everyone needs.We absolutely loved it .
 Being somewhat of a fan of Blue Collar Comedy Tour , I decided to focus on Bill Engvall . I rented this DVD , not sure if I would like it . Well , here 's my opinion
 Bill Engvall videos are almost always a good bet to be funny . 15 degrees Off Cool does not let you down ! His vivid comedy leaves you in stitches throughout the entire show ! This video is worth your time and money !
 Bill 's comedy routine is top-notch as usual . It seems as though I am watching my life revealed . Hilarious !!
 Bill is just great in his way of delivery , smooth and talks about real things . This one in particular is about remembering things in the past , funny times and comparison on kids now and before -- all true . I dont think he is `` off cool '' at all - I sure identify with his thinking on this material ! We all have our moments of how it `` was '' for us growing up and has it is now . Funny guy !
 I first saw 15degrees off cool on Comedy Central . I ca n't remember when last I laughed so hard . It was hilarious especially his last story about the air force .
 This is hilarious !! I had to take a break because I was laughing so hard .
 This is one of the best I have seen . Side splitting funny . Will watch over and over .
 This Video is super funny !!! I was bummed out cus my husband had just left for Iraq and we just had a beautiful baby boy and he was n't going to be able to watch his son grow !! So i watched Bill 's show and I was laughing so hard I almosted peed my pants !!!!! It brought my sprits up !!! LMAO just thinking about it !!!
 I love the movie and have had no problems with it . It 's a funny movie , anyone who likes comedy and redneck will like the movie
 These reviews are getting old . How many times do I have to say that Amazon.com is an awesome place , fast shipping , fair prices and have almost anything you can think of . If you know what you are buying , you ca n't go wrong with Amazon . 15 degrees off cool is some great work by Bill Engvall . If you are an Engvall fan , you ca n't go wrong with purchasing this product .
 I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who likes Bill Engvall or just comedy specials in general . This was so amazing .
 This is the best video he has done since `` Here 's your sign . '' I would recommend this video to everyone I know .
 Bill Engvall is a comedic genius ! He is spot on cool in my book . He an extremely funny man and yet still maintains a `` family-style '' comedy by limiting the profanity and risque jokes . Love his work and this is some of the best yet .
 This is the funniest stand-up concert I 've ever seen ! This man is a master at making every-day life hysterical ! No wonder he appeals to so many ! The vendor 's shipping response was immediate and the quality of the DVD was flawless .
 I could listen to Bill Engvall over and over again ! Every time I want some sweet comedy , I pull out this DVD . I never tire of his stories .
 If you like the Blue Collar shows & Bill Engvall , you will love this video ... Bill is at his best . The scooter & Blue Thunder segments are the most funny I have ever heard . Great , great video .
 i was very impressed with the way this transaction was handled . the purchase was simple and the service was great . even the shipping was timely . excellent job . i shall retrn 1 day to purchase another item from amazon.com
 Laugh until tears watching Bill !! This is his best performace to date . Very , Very , Very funny . The extra of him with the ThunderBirds tops off the hole dvd . We are all 15 degrees off cool .
 This DVD started off a bit slow ... but the ending makes up for it ! Bill Engvall is hilarious !!
 Bill Engvall is one of our favorite comedians and he sure lived up to our expectations . We love his humor because it is clean and hysterically funny .
 Bill Engvall is great , he keeps changing his routines and comes up with new and fresh comedy that is actually everyday stuff but is totally hilarious .
 Bill Engvall has been around for a long time and has produced some very funny CDs/DVDs . This is also great but not quite as good as previous efforts . Maybe Bill is a bit tired - what with movies , TV shows etc. . Still worth buying however .
 Bill Engvall is charming as always as he talks about his marital life , growing older , and what it was like to grow up a dork -- always `` 15 degrees off cool . '' Laughs from beginning to end , no matter how cool you are , THINK you are , or never were ! Something for just about everyone !
 I 've always gotten a belly ache from laughing too hard at Bill Engvall 's jokes and stories , but this DVD is his best yet in my opinion . His story about flying with the Blue Angels is especially hysterical . He is a very clean language comic , always has been and it is always refreshing to find someone that funny who does n't use profanity .
 This is the best of Bill Engvall . His topics and delivery is as good as it gets . It 's good family fun and we can all relate to it .
 Just saw Bill Engvall in person , reminded me of Thunderbirds , since i work on aircraft , i can identify with him , laughed so hard !!!
 My family and I really enjoy Bill 's humor . I own several of his DVDs and of course all of the Blue Comedy Tours .
 This was my first experience with Bill Engvall 's work . It will certainly not be the last . He is very funny , and there is very little coarseness to his language , something more comedians should take into consideration .
 I was very happy with this purchase.No problems , and good price .10 / 10 Video09/10 Sound
 Johnny as a sociopath ???? See it ! If you are a fan you 'll like it . Would have been a pretty good low budget thriler even without Cash , but it 's a lot more fun with him .
 My mother is a big Johnny Cash fan and is always collecting his works . This was a big surprise for her at Christmas ! Thank-you !!
 The first ep , on the tape is one where a new teacher shows up . If you 've ever had a motivational speaker come to your school , this one will be hilarious . He is a perfect exaggeration of the people that always come to mine and I guess that 's why I found it so funny . The second ep is where a new disciple shows up . He 's totally against fighting and stealing , but is willing to do anything to learn master Happosai 's techniques . This one 's okay . I laughed a couple times through it , but overall any ranma fan should get this one . Plus Ukyo 's in the first ep . My all time fav character . I wanted to give it 41/2 stars except it would n't let me . This was a great xmas gift .
 Students at Furrinkan High expect the worse when Principal KUNO introduces their brand new teacher , but he does n't teach what you 'd expect . He 's more interested in the future of Ranma and Akane ! Who is this guy ? Me and my friends loved this movie ! The plott twists are not very ordinary , but neither is Ranma . This movie is just one of the fabulous Ranma 1/2 movie collection !
 I bought the DVD because I love the movie . I still love the movie , but the DVD is not anything special . There are no extras and the picture and sound quality remind me of the video cassette copy I own . In essence , there was no reason for me to go out and buy the DVD because it is exactly the same as the cassette tape . I love the movie -LRB- hence , that is why I am giving it 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- but the DVD needs a lot of work .
 In a funny and touching story revolving around `` Toontown '' the city where everyone from Bugs Bunny to Mickey Mouse to Betty Boop lives in this movie , the top cartoon companies came together to create a lovely -LRB- and , of course , hilarious -RRB- story that will have all cartoon fans cheering , not only for the characters ' roles in this movie , but also to see cartoon characters from rival studios side by side on the screen . In particular are shots with very few cartoon characters , each from a different studio . My favourite example is where one of the human characters falls out of a building in Toontown and Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse are skydiving and decide to help him out by giving him a `` spare '' -LRB- which , of course , turns out to be a tire ! -RRB-
 There is not a moment in this movie that i dont believe in the toons
 This is a wonderful movie ; funny , clever , a perfect blend of live action and animation
 Yep , I 'm a cartoon fanatic . Especially of the era depicted here and of the Hanna-Barbera/Filmation/Rankin Bass of my own era and the Simpsons.What that said , this film has a lot for the cartoon lover . Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse actually in the same scene ? A comic duel between Donald and Daffy Duck ? Looney Tunes meets the Disney crew ? This is an animationphile 's dream come true!However , the character of Roger is WAY too silly , stupid , and lacking in appeal for me . Imagine Jerry Lewis as a cartoon rabbit and you get the idea . A bit overdone in that aspect . But the business with Jessica Rabbit is amusing as well as the Robert Hoskins character -LRB- who interacts quite well with the cartoons-no mean feat for an actor -RRB- . Overall , it has it 's moments -LRB- cartoon freaks will LOVE the ending -RRB- , but not the kind of thing I want to watch more than twice .
 Zemeckis hybridized the too-adult world of Ralph Bakshi and the too-juvenile world of Looney Toons and make Roger Rabbit `` just right '' . Mixing the cartoon zanyness of classic Disney and Looney Toons shorts with the film noir hard-drinking detective and the very adult Jessica Rabbit was a brilliant idea.Although I started to find Roger Rabbit 's constant hyperactivity a bit annoying by the end of the movie , they kept his endearing traits strong enough that I was happy that the fatal `` dip '' was not to be . At the same time , half the thrill of the movie was to see the juxtaposition of the Disney and Warner Brothers cartoon characters -LRB- all contractually paired up and given equal time -RRB- , as well as the insider jokes spread through the movie.The movie was considered groundbreaking in its mixture of live action and cartoons . Although it was not by any means the first , the level of quality was very high.This movie was on the leading edge of a wave of animation , wherein animation became popular again . As a consequence , much of the terrible low-quality Saturday morning animation of the 70 's and 80 's suddenly had a higher bar to reach . Toons became decent again!Like a great Disney movie , Roger Rabbit works for both young and old audiences . The very young may find some of the violence intense , and their guardians may have some discomfort explaining Jessica Rabbit 's anatomy , but otherwise age 9 and above is probably fine .
 I have been waiting for this movie to be released -LRB- in Australia -RRB- for ages now , and I have been thinking about buying this DVD version , but I have decided to register a protest vote against Disney and the tactics they appear to be using to make the world a sanitised artificial place by censoring anything that does not agree with their world view.It was pointed out on a local TV show that Disney spent millions on their lifelike CGI dinosaurs and yet they have no ` waste removal organs ' . How lifelike is that?If enough people refuse to buy their products -LRB- especially the well informed DVD buying market -RRB- , then we may be able to force them to release more complete versions of their old classics . Register a protest vote today !
 This movie produce in year 1988 , it was very good movie then , but when I witch it again now , I love it more and more than before .
 I would guess everyone in the world has seen this film at least once , but if YOU have n't , DO IT NOW !!! -LRB- in a perfect world those words would pulse out at you and turn several color shades-maybe a rubber mallet would jump from the screen and pop you on the forehead for emphasis -RRB- . Only a couple of the reviews I 've read allude to the influence of Bob Evans ' -LRB- and Roman Polanski 's -RRB- Chinatown on Who Framed Roger ... If you have n't seen Chinatown , do , then watch Roger again-it 's even more hilarious .
 Now , as we know , this movie broke ground back in 1988 with it 's spectacular animation and sound effects , earning it FOUR -LRB- 4 -RRB- Oscars , which were for Best Sound Effects Editing , Best Visual Effects , 1988 Special Achievement in Animation Direction , and Best Film Editing . The movie was based after a book , called , Who Censored Roger Rabbit , but the movie will keep you glued to your screen with gags such as `` The problem is I got a 50 year old lust in a three year old dinky '' , which , in turn , earned it a PG rating , and for this , you should caution , or should I say , take yield , in showing this to kids at the age where these things make a lasting impression . But for the young kids with out those thoughts , you have no problem , except in keeping them interested , because to a , say , five year old kid , some parts are hard to follow , but the appearances of Mickey Mouse , Bugs Bunny , Minnie Mouse , Goofy , Dumbo , and the Cast of Walt Disney 's Fantasia will keep them on the look out for others like Tweety , Daffy Duck , those penguins from Mary Poppins and other familiar characters . For those older viewers there is the wonderful plot as alcoholic Eddie Valiant uncovers subplot after subplot to bring the movie to a colorful , breathtaking ending . The musical performance by Bob Hoskins while keeping your kids entertained , you entertained , and Grandpa entertained . The special features are great , they include deleted scenes , Audio Commentary , Three Roger shorts , a DVD game , a mini-documentary about the making of Roger Rabbit , Facts and trivia , Spilt screen comparison w / and w/o animation , a in-depth , documentary , Toon stand-ins , showing the process of the animation , and a tad bit more . It also comes with two photos , glossed , of Roger and Jessica . In the end , you 'll love it .
 this movie brings a blend of live action and amimation thanks to touchstone pictures and amblin entertaiment . the motion picture stars cartoon charecters from a crowd of studios like disney , warner bros , mgm , flesicher , and universal . charles fleischer plays roger rabbit , benny the cab , and weasels psycho and greasy . the other weasels are smart -LSB- butt -RSB- , stupid , and wheezy . the movie is about a 1940 , s private eye in hollywood 1947 who helps a rabbit clear his name of murder until a judge tries to kill him and his wife and trying to clear toontown but he melts which he proves that he had killed marvin acme , r.k maroon and valiant , s brother which invites all of the toons to the acme factory .
 This movie is one of the best animated/real life movie I have seen . This movie I thought seemed so cool because it had to make the cartoons interact with live people and it looked so real ! This movie could never be done again because movies are to involved in special effects of the computer and not with animation anymore . It 's actually kind of sad . This movie released June 21st 1988 grossed 154 Million dollars and deserved it . There were many followers such as `` Cool World '' and the Paula Abdul video `` Opposites Attract '' . The DVD is fine if you really want the movie now but wait there will be a better release of this movie just wait .
 I already have two copies of this movie , original release VHS and Laserdisk . The Laserdisk has developed some sort of plague in the metal sheet . It looks the same on both sides . I ordered the DVD today to replace the Laserdisk . I hope that the reports of censoring are exagerated , too much tamperiong would be a travesty against this wonderful film ... But to the point ! Something that the prior reviews have missed is that `` Roger '' is essentially a remake of `` Chinatown . '' Watch `` Chinatown '' and then watch `` Roger '' , but do it at your own risk -- you may heve to go to the ER with a busted gut from laughing so hard !
 Simply stated , the movie is WONDERFUL . It gives us our only glimpse , ever , of Donald and Daffy together ! It provides a -LRB- rather bumblingly -RRB- heroic rabbit lead ! It is a fine mix of live action and animation ! It is a great detective film ! It has everything needed in a great movie
 Welcome to a land called Toontown . Everything there is controlled by toons . Detective Eddie must protect Roger Rabbit from Judge Doom -LRB- played excellently by Christopher Llyod -RRB- when he gets framed for murdering a cartoonist named Marvin Acme . The movie is full of jokes and humor that will make you want to watch it again and again . The cartoon characters in this movie look so real . Keep your eyes open for recognizable charactes like Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Daffy Duck , and much much more . The cartoon animation is so realistic looking that it seems like real people and toons live together and interact with each other . This movie is a classic and it shall remain that way for years to come .
 The movie Who Framed Roger Rabbit is famous for many reasons
 It seems difficult to believe that this movie came out in 1988 . As I watched the new Vista Series release , one part of me kept thinking computer graphics , but I knew that there were no digital computer effects in this movie . All the effects that you see are a combination of animation and physical special effects . However , you do not need to know that there were no computer effects in this movie to enjoy it.The story
 Detective Eddie Valliant has hated toons since his brother was killed by one , but now he has to help a toon that was framed for the murder of Marvin Acme , owner of Acme Corporations and Toontown , for playing patty-cake with the toon 's wife . On the way , they have to avoid a suspicious character who wants to destroy all toons using a chemical that disintegrates everything . Stop and think about this movie for a minute , and you realize that we are unbelievably fortunate that it even exists . It 's a great movie . I highly recommend this for the family and friends or just a Saturday with nothing to do .
 I have very fond memories of sneaking downstairs late at night as a young child and snuggling up with my big sisters on the couch to watch ` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ' . I was merely five or so at the time , but I can still remember it quite vividly . Each and every time I watch this wonderful movie I get that same sense of calming comfort that I had resting in their arms.That 's what movies are all about , right ? ` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ' was a total breakthrough at the time it was released , and it serves today as the foundation for the perfect family feature . The combination of live action and animation has been achieved since , and even before , but in my opinion it has never been achieved with this same sense of perfection . ` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ' is unlike any movie you 've ever seen.The film tells the story of Eddie Valiant , a detective who abhors toons after one killed his brother . He used to be a defender of the toons , now he despises them . He 's hired to follow around Jessica Rabbit , the wife of toon star Roger Rabbit . He uncovers a secret that may or may not have led Roger to kill a man . Roger of course claims innocence and pleads with Eddie to help him clear his name . Hiding from the sinister Judge Doom , Eddie and Roger embark on a perilous adventure to uncover the truth behind this grisly crime.I adore Hoskins . He 's just such a naturally charming acting , his gruff exterior included . He fits into this role so wonderfully , giving the right amount of feeling to his character in order to make him real and not a walking caricature . This could have been nothing more than a campy film , but it is n't campy at all . Christopher Lloyd is his usual zany self , and he fits the role beautifully . The voice work done -LRB- mostly by Charles Fleischer -RRB- is also spot on perfect . ` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ' is the definition of a movie experience . It is smartly written film and it is masterfully directed by Robert Zemeckis who balances the dark live action underworld with the crisp animated world brilliantly . This film is deliciousness to the eyes , most definitely , but it never substitutes glamour for brains . The film never once insults our intelligence.If you are looking for a film that will entertain you to the core , this is it .
 This is a very inventive , technically brilliant cartoon . It has a lot of incredibly funny scenes and a great many superb comic in jokes.For the time this was made , the special effects are stunning . This is a great piece of entertainment.Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys
 The quality of the film itself is n't in debate ; this DVD is a very nice set for any fan . The special features are great , it comes with some nice touches like nice packaging and design . You can tell they put a lot of effort into it . It 's not cheap or a cop-out in any way . I bought it for my boyfriend as a present and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for this movie .
 This movie is a cartoon bonanza mixed with live action . A ridiculous and roller coaster spoof of the 1940 's film noir genre . Cleverly written and executed in so many ways . This a movie the whole family can enjoy.There are many toons -LRB- cartoons -RRB- here borrowed from the likes of Disney , Looney Toons etc. . You have the typical plot with bad guys the weasels and the good guys Eddie Valiant and Roger . Of course , along with the action you get understated adult humor that children will not get until older . Aside from a few sight gags , the most notable example is the extremely sexy and curvy Jessica Rabbit who says , `` I 'm not bad , I 'm only drawn that way '' . Shades of Lauren Bacall and Veronica Lake . This why this movie will appeal to everyone . Even to those who they try to frame in real life.The action and energy here keeps you interested throughout . And the cliff-hanging situation of Jessica and Roger will have you biting your nails . I wo n't give away the plot . But that is not the main thing . It is the world they have created here and certainly the unforgettable characters.It is more than a good time . It 's one of the reasons we watch movies in the first place . Much fun and recommended .
 It 's an excellent film , a classic DVD everybody should have . The only problem is that the DVD menu itself is a little confusing , so you may have a little trouble finding trailers , or specific special features listed in the box . In other words , everything written in the box is in the DVD , but it may take some time until you find it ...
 When I was little I really loved this movie I used to have the roger rabbit doll where you pull the string in the back and the doll talked . I still have the movie on VHS and watch it occasionally every now and then I just do n't have the doll anymore but excellent movie very good . 2 thumbs up . If you like Roger Rabbit then get this movie in dvd better quality of the picture I think but if your old school then go for VHS .
 by Dane YoussefGee ... What can I say?What can be said that has n't been said a zillion times about this movie before ? By film critics , film buffs , the other user posters on IMDb and every other person who saw this one?But you know what ? I 'm not here to really promote this movie , or analyze it ... I 'm here to write my love letter for it . We 're all here to share our movie-going experiences , are n't we ? Well , -LSB- ... -RSB- , here 's mine.I still remember being a little prepubescent boy sitting in the theater watching this movie , totally amazed and astounded by what I saw . Seeing this wacky cartoons going through a routine Tom-and-Jerry-type episode ... and then ... it was amazing how these movie actually tricked you , convinced you to believe that human and cartoons can exist in the same universe and dimension of reality.There are many a great pleasures and moments in this movie , one of them is the duet at a `` toon '' night club called `` The Ink & Paint Club '' where Eddie goes to get information about Roger 's wife , and the opening act is a dueling duet on the piano featuring two great legends , Daffy Duck and Donald Duck -LRB- I doubt there 's any biological relation there -RRB- together at last . Why did it take so long for these two to get together ? Well , they are rival entertainers for rival studios , so ... But of course , the dueling duet ends in an all-out war . Come on , we both know the hatchet was n't going to stay buried very long.The whole movie is worth renting just to see the two great legends , Daffy and Donald , put their differences aside for one memorable dueling piano duet ALONE . `` Roger Rabbit '' pioneered not only animation and film-making style , but acting , writing , directing and a meshing together of different genres.Imagination , luck , brilliance , skill ... it 's all been blended so perfectly here ... just like the animation and live-action . Funny , sharp , satirical , smart , thrilling , skillful , bright , bold , hard-boiled , colorful ... at even at times , a little scary.It one three Oscars , not to mention an Honorary Award for it 's Technical Advancements.Hell , it deserved every single Oscar it got ! And a few it did n't . It should 've won every single Oscar that year . Maybe some from others ... God , you know , I still remember finding my little Rescue Ranger toy in my pocket and running in back-and-forth through my fingers ... I remember being very careful not to loose it as I watched this . And it was hard , damn it , all of what was going up there on the screen.There 's the best of the everything here . Everyone should see it , pure and simple . It 's a movie ... for pretty much everybody . A masterpiece in more ways than one.So help me God , I can not think of a better actor for the role of the classic , hard-boiled , rock-bottom , not-too-smooth P.I. than Bob Hoskins . I do n't think he 's ever played a better role in his whole life . He seems to be a strange collision of Sam Spade and W.C. Fields , in some strange way.Christopher Lloyd proves yet again -LRB- as he does in all his roles -RRB- that he 's one of the most underrated actors in the business . He 's known for playing the bizarre , the crazy , the wired . But his ability to play villains , particularly more sedate and low-key ones , is overlooked so much , it 's grounds for a discrimination lawsuit.Kathleen Turner is damn perfect as Roger 's Mrs ; especially considering that all she does here is a voice.Roger Rabbit '' pioneered not only animation and film-making style , but acting , writing , directing and a meshing together of different genres . Literature purists and scholars -LRB- yes , I mean geeks -RRB- will note that this movie is adapted from a novel by Gary K. Wolf , who specializes in science-fiction . For those of you who are enamored with this movie and just learning this , are actively considering dropping this review right this instant and running to your nearest library and bookstore to pick up a copy to read as an addition to the movie or just out of curiosity , I should warn you that the movie is completely unfaithful to the novel.Oh , both are clever and well-written spoofs of the whole `` hard-boiled private-detective mystery noir genre , '' but the two are so completely different , in writing-style , character dialouge , plot , theme , even ending , you wonder why they even bothered to get Wolf 's permission and pay him a royalty . Gee , usually these Hollywood types are a little more snaky and know how to exploit all these loopholes.You 've no doubt heard the old saying , `` You ca n't please everyone , so do n't even bother . '' Because when you try , you wind up ultimately pleasing no one . Least of all , yourself . It 's strange , this movie seems like an exception to that one little rule . I mean , I know there 's an exception to every rule , but this is one you 're sure is completely iron-clad . This is a movie for everyone . This is a movie that will please everyone . And you know what else ? It never got the credit for that . Think about what a big train-wreck this movie could have been . How many things could have gone wrong.How many years Disney and Warner have been at war , all this time , money for a experiment that could have gone worse than than the killer bees and the atomic bomb . And yet , glory be , it did n't . We all live for days like this , filmmakers , film critics ... and film lovers.The best part ? After it was all over ... Roger and Baby Herman went on to star in several of their own cartoon shorts before the movie for real -LRB- `` Dick Tracy '' and `` Honey , I Shrunk The Kids '' -RRB- . Good for them.danessf@yahoo.comhttp://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid;=58175682http://movies.yahoo.com/mvc/mymovies
 It 's Bogey meets Bugs Bunny when ` toon-loathing detective Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- is the lone hope of the irascible and irritating Roger Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Charles Fleischer -RRB- to prove his innocence when he is accused of murder . Set in the 1940s in a shadowy world reminiscent of the noir classics , Who Framed Roger Rabbit combines Disney and Warner Brothers cartoon creations in the same scenes . Randy , red-haired Jessica Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Amy Irving and Kathleen Turner -RRB- is one of the more enduring new noir characters and as it should be , it 's the diabolical dame who 's believed to be the root of all evil . The DVD is loaded with featurettes , and is well worth the price . -LRB- Fans of the movie should definitely read the book , as well . Warning
 Eddie Valliant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- is an LA detective who may be the only person in town who does n't like ` toons ' those loveable characters who star in cartoons and movies and make us laugh.When R.K. Maroon -LRB- Alan Tilvern -RRB- calls Valliant with a ` toon case , Valliant initially refuses . Maroon prevails and Eddie discovers cartoon bunny Roger Rabbit 's -LRB- Charles Fleisher -RRB- wife Jessica -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- playing pattycake with novelty mogul Marvin Acme -LRB- Stubby Kaye -RRB- . Acme subsequently ends up dead and Roger 's framed . If Eddie Valliant ca n't save him , he 'll be ` dipped ' by Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher Loyd -RRB- and go out of existence.Whan ensues is a madcap chase through human and toon-town . The film is every bit as funny as it was in 1988 even if the at-that-time-state-of-the-art animation is a bit dated now . `` Roger Rabbit '' is definitely a must for anime collectors .
 Filmmakers have been combining animation and live action since the days of silent film -- but 1988 's WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT not only bested everything done previously , it set a standard that is unlikely to be surpassed . Although it has been available on VHS and in a mediocre DVD release for quite a few years , the film finally gets the star treatment in this `` Vista Series '' double DVD release , which includes the film in both pan-and-scan and letterbox formats and an assortment of extras , many of which are quite interesting.The concept and story are well known
 One of the great joys of movie-going is to see a concept , that on-the-face-of-it is so goofy and off-beat that it should never work , but , in the end , does work and works in spades ! So it was for me with Who Framed Roger Rabbit . This Vista Series DVD brings the film to us with a crisp & clean picture , THX sound , and a beautifully packaged set of extras that include a very clever interactive menu , plus loads of goodies presented smartly , with humor and surprises.Seeing the film again reminded me how impressed I was with the audacity and accomplishment of Bob Zemeckis and his collaborators on bringing off with care and intelligence , a sharp & funny film that plays to both children & adults . Who would have thunk it?Taking a Chinatown-like story of early Los Angeles with some basis in fact -LRB- destroying the Red Line to make way for freeways -RRB- complete with murder & intrigue & marrying it to the screwy conceit that cartoon figures , aka Toons , actually lived and worked as live actors and inhabited a section of LA called Toontown is such a manifestly dopey idea that it would take enormous inspiration , intelligence and attention to detail to make it even nominally work . All of those qualities were present , as the extras demonstrate , in abundance here , and the result was movie magic.Made prior to CGI coming into its own , the characters were brought to the screen brilliantly . As one of the animators pointed out , even early CGI was rejected because the film-makers wanted the characters to maintain their cartoon look , only brought into 3 dimensions . The hows and whys of what they did to achieve this magic are worth a look.Anchored by the great casting of Bob Hoskins , Christopher Lloyd and Joanna Cassidy and Charles Fleischer , brilliant technical work , and a clever story strung through with great good humor , dialogue and jokes for kids and adults , this film has some cherished , favorite lines , from Baby Herman 's `` That 's my problem , I 've got a 50 year-old lust , and a 3 year-old dinky . '' , to Jessica Rabbit 's
 I was 10 when `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? '' came out and it is just as much fun to watch now , maybe funnier because I missed some of the humor back then . Roger 's a riot and his wife , Jessica Rabbit -LRB- `` I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way '' -RRB- , is truly a toon vixen . Bob Hoskin 's Eddie Valiant is sent to find out the truth when the owner of Toon Town is murdered after playing patty-cake -LRB- literally -RRB- with Jessica . Everyone assumes a jealous Roger did it and that washed-up detective Eddie ca n't hack it anymore . There is lots of subtle humor , like when Eddie asks for a scotch on the rocks in a ` toon bar and instead of ice he gets actual rocks . Eddie seriously hates Toon Town because his brother had a piano dropped on his head , but he eventually becomes pals with Roger , overcomes his hatred of Toon Town and clears Roger 's name . Christopher Lloyd 's Judge Doom is perfectly creepy and his squad of weasels are funny as they try to stop Eddie and Roger from discovering the truth.The interaction between the live actors and the toons is seamless , probably why the movie won four Oscars . The behind the scenes features and commentaries are great , the entire 2-disc set is incredibly well-thought out and packaged , making it a must-have for the fan .
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' was a huge hit when it was released in 1988 and made Bob Hoskins a star . It successfully combined live action with animation and featured a strong and funny cast of characters and an entertaining storyline.To best describe this film to the uninitiated would probably require a comparison with `` L.A. Confidential '' -LRB- with PG-friendly/cartoon violence -RRB- and a Looney Tunes movie . It is fun , boisterous and entertaining with memorable performances by Bob Hoskins -LRB- as Eddie Valiant -RRB- , Christopher Lloyd -LRB- as Judge Doom -RRB- , Roger Rabbit -LRB- as himself -RRB- and that sultry scene-stealer Jessica Rabbit -LRB- as herself and voiced by Kathleen Turner -RRB- . A veritable who 's who in animation , this film features cameos by Mickey & Minnie Mouse , Bugs Bunny , Yosemite Sam , Daffy Duck , Goofy and Betty Boop , to name a few.The VISTA SERIES is especially impressive given the many , many special features that are included . The packaging alone - with a case that looks like a detective 's portfolio/folder - is a treat . Add to that the following :1 -RRB- Audio commentary by the filmmakers led by director Robert Zemeckis -LRB- Forrest Gump -RRB- 2 -RRB- Facts and trivia3 -RRB- `` The Pig Head Sequence '' deleted scene4 -RRB- `` Before and After '' split-screen comparisons5 -RRB- 2 behind-the-scenes documentaries , including an new , exclusive in-depth featurette6 -RRB- A DVD game7 -RRB- 3 animated shortsand more !! The film itself is well worth the price of the DVD . Add to that the wealth of special features and this promises to be one of the best DVDs of the year . Animation , action/adventure and comedy fans will find this a special treat and I highly recommend this family-friendly -LRB- PG -RRB- film to everyone !
 I wonder if people nowadays realize just why this movie was so incredibly popular back in the day.Come on , you had Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse together falling from the sky!You had Donald and Daffy Duck together playing piano in some theater!You had Roger Rabbit himself who was fantastic because he was so entertaining and had you laughing constantly.Most importantly , you had reality and cartoons combined and it looked totally believable like the real people were actually communicating with the cartoon characters . Come on , back in the late 80 's many people -LRB- children and adults -RRB- were a bit surprised film directors were able to pull off something like this . It was bizarre , it was unique , and the movie is quite entertaining as a result and worth watching several times over . This movie was a huge step forward for film directors and I 'd say it was a pretty big influence on todays films.Along with the Back to the Future movies , Who Framed Roger Rabbit is one of the greatest movies at the time , and honestly the film still holds up and looks remarkable today.What 's interesting is that I 'm defending a movie that I honestly HATED when it first came out , but the reason I hated it was because I was a child in the late 80 's and expected nothing but a cartoon from beginning to end . Now I understand the appeal.The ONLY problem with this film is that the final 20 minutes get insanely whacky to the point it 's somewhat hard to follow . A remarkable film , and a classic future generations of children and adults must watch at least once.Oh , and remember that scene where the guy was driving his real car through all the colorful animations with the trees , sun , and sky singing along ? There 's a popular TV commercial on TV right now -LRB- the one with the Loretta Lynn song -RRB- that was probably influenced by that scene .
 Family fun for all ages , especially if you just need a good laugh to bring you up .
 This laser disc was as described by the seller and plays flawlessly after a cleaning.A good story , appeal to young and old however , sadly , some sceens have bin cut from original , good animations
 Nice version of a very fun movie . Interesting extras , though a few are a bit difficult to access .
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit was a film I watched over and over again as a child . This film is somewhat dated now but Bob Hoskins is the crowd pleaser here . The voice of Jessica Rabbit is provided by '80s sex kitten Kathleen Turner , she turns up the heat for sure . I love the live action and animation , very clever film . Got ta check it out ! Enjoy .
 I am a huge fan of Roger Rabbit ! It was great ordering products from this company . Not only did I get it in one piece but it still had all the origional stuff inside . I will definately order from this company again . . Thank you !!!
 A great product , not a whole lot of extra features , but who needs it when you have Roger Rabbit ?
 It 's a great film for anyone who enjoyed cartoons when they were a kid . The live action works very well with the animation . I think this film is aimed towards an adult audience . Sure kids can enjoy it too . I 've watched it a number of times and still enjoy it .
 this was real fun . its good . i think roger is real cute !!!!!! i wan na pet him !!!!!!!!! i also think judge doom is kind of in resemblence to someone i made up . `` alerelra kenel '' wants to overthrow queen of made-up kingdom `` petria . ''
 Sometimes digital groundbreaking images get in the way of artistry and actually creating good art . Robert Zemeckis is a director who 's similar to James Cameron and George Lucas as they try to incorporate new film techniques into their films . George Lucas oddly enough has great visuals but bad films -LRB- except Episode 3 -RRB- while Cameron and Zemeckis make good films that still are visually great . Add Roger Rabbit to the list of not only groundbreaking films but good films overall.It 's the late 40 's and animated characters are not drawn , they actually exist side-by-side with humans . Well Eddie Valiant used to be a private detective who specialized in toons until one killed his brother so now he 's on all-toon hating rampage . R.K Maroon , owner of Maroon Cartoons wants to use Eddie to take pictures of Jessica Rabbit 's infidelity , who 's husband is also Maroon Studios big star , Roger Rabbit . After photographing them play pattycake -LRB- the actually clapping game that is -RRB- , Roger gets upset . Then he 's a suspect when Marvin Acme , the other pattycake and owner of Toontown as well as behind the same company Wile E. Coyote uses to get that Roadrunner.So Valiant becomes a reluctant of Roger when he 's being hunted by Judge Doom and trying to solve the mystery of not only who killed Marvin Acme but why and what 's it got to do with not only Roger but R.K Maroon and a odd company called Cloverleaf . Also on the hunt for Roger is weasels , kind of like Judge Doom 's cronies.This film not only looks great -LRB- although real-life/animation combo shots look a bit off such as when a character is holding a cartoon -RRB- it 's actually a really great film period . I still feel sorry for that shoe that has the unfortunate luck of being near Judge Doom and there 's many funny lines -LRB- `` nose ? that does n't rhyme with walls ! no , but this does < kicks him in the ... yep , those > -RRB- . The fact that the animation never calls attention to itself is a testament to the film.This film is very much like a guess that cartoon as there 's so many characters , even obscure ones . I saw Jose from the Three Cabelleros , that kid from Boy Who Cried Wolf , that hippo from a Fantasia segment and faves like Yosemite Sam and Dumbo . Original characters are great such as Roger himself and my favorite weasel Psycho -LRB- time to kill the rabbit ! hee hee ! -RRB- Besides the Back to the Future trilogy , this is probably one of Zemeckis ' best films . Cast Away went nowhere while Death Becomes Her was n't that interesting . Forrest Gump was good but best picture ? Pssh . For best film , go all the way to Roger Rabbit .
 There have been numerous films which mixes live action with animation but never before has anything like `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' been made . This movie is literally sharing the human world with the animated world.When a detective , Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- , has his brother killed by a toon , he swears he will never work with toons again . So after doing one quick job for Roger Rabbit 's boss , he believes he 'll never have to be with any toon again . Unfortunately , Roger Rabbit -LRB- voice by Charles Fleischer -RRB- is framed for the murder of the man who owns toon town ! With the help of Dolores -LRB- Joanna Cassidy -RRB- , Eddie must discover who the murderer is , and also find out what the murderer 's evil plan is . Of course Jessica Rabbit -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- , Roger Rabbit 's wife , is acting mighty suspicious ... And so is the Vile Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- . Could either of them have had anything to do with the framing of Roger Rabbit ? `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' must surely be congratulated for the spectacular cartoon and special effects work . The story and plot might be a bit overboard but just watching all the eye-popping fun is worth it . And the movie is filled with underlying jokes and lots of slapstick humor . The acting is also done pretty well , from Eddie Valiant the hard-bitten and serious detective and to most noticeably , Christopher Lloyd as Judge Doom who is n't all who he seems.Also you get to see all of your favorite cartoons who you 've known forever , along with hearing the guys who did the original voices
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? is a wonderful movie that has delighted movie-goers of all ages.It is a gem.Before buying this DVD , note that it is not a completely faithful reproduction of the original theatrical release . It has been censored -LRB- by Disney -RRB- . The censorship involves animation in two separate scenes . Two scenes , both involving Jessica Rabbit.If you are a movie purist , or simply object to censorship of material that was widely available on the big screen more than a decade ago , then this disc might not be right for you.However , the movie is a treat even without those missing frames of animation . And you might not consider censorship a big deal.But it is nice to know what you are getting before you commit to the purchase .
 I was very young when Roger Rabbit came out and I was so impressed . I am still impressed today . Even with all the CGI out there now , this movie really holds up well . I am a fan of computer-animated movies , but when they mix it with live action , they risk overdoing it and making things look fake . Or , they are so eager about what they can do with the CGI and how they can `` impress '' us , they do n't worry about other things they should , like acting or plot . With Roger Rabbit , even though they were doing something innovative , they did not forget those two things . And as far as I can think of , Roger Rabbit is really the only movie of its kind.Pete 's Dragon -LRB- High-Flying Edition -RRB- andMary Poppins -LRB- 40th Anniversary Edition -RRB- are two of my all-time favorite movies . However , their included animation did not have the 3-D effect that Roger Rabbit did . -LRB- But I must empathize that they did what they did do extremely well - they were both older movies - and the actors interacted very well with the animated characters . Both amazing movies . -RRB- As someone who loves art , I really appreciate the time and effort that went into making Roger Rabbit look good . -LRB- Of course , as someone who loves acting and movies , I also appreciate the acting and story that made it a good movie . -RRB- Like I said , I really like a lot of computer-animated movies , but as far as I can tell from watching the special features on those movies , the computer does most of the work . It seems like once the computer program is set up , the animator just presses some buttons and clicks the mouse . Not that that does n't take talent , but it 's a different kind of talent . Roger Rabbit is more of a traditional , actual type of art . Real people actually drew all that . Then they went in there and added shading and somehow made 2-dimensional animated characters look like they fit in with 3-dimensional actors . What skill ! Actually , considering what they can do today with computers , it makes Roger Rabbit all the more impressive .
 Bob took a mime class so you can see the weight of the rabbit . Bob Hoskins is a superb actor !
 From Robert Castle , Bright Lights Film Journal : Cartoons and animated features have never been strictly made for children . But not until the 1960s did the cartoon gain serious acceptance from young adults . Especially appreciated were the Road Runner cartoons and Fantasia , the latter a favorite for the blossoming drug generation . It seemed a logical step from adults appreciating cartoons to the emergence of adult features like Fritz the Cat and Cool World , as well as adolescent/adult television favorites like The Simpsons , King of the Hill , and Beavis and Butthead . As serious entertainment , however , the animated feature had to wait until Beauty and the Beast was nominated for a Best Picture Oscar . And now the animated feature has become a serious box office contender with the likes of Aladdin , The Lion King , Mulan , and Anastasia.At the dawn of this era of serious animation -- serious in terms of big dollars thrown into the production -- stands the witty and inventive Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? Superficially , this part animated , part live-action film seems like a throwback to the adult subtexts of Warner Brothers ' Looney Tunes . The film is honeycombed with the childish amusements -- unreal slapstick violence of the cartoons within the movie -LRB- the opening sequence -RRB- and the chase scenes -LRB- Eddie Valiant riding a Toon car -RRB- -- but , within the same framework , the film dishes out sophisticated parody and earnest historical references . Because director Robert Zemeckis can not satisfy both audiences , he opts to satisfy the child within the adult audience , consistent for the Zemeckis and Spielberg -LRB- executive producer -RRB- canon , and never fully takes his parody and history to the end of the line.Much of Roger Rabbit 's plot derives from Chinatown 's -- the detective being set up , a past incident affecting the detective 's life , and corruption involving a public utility . The allusion is brought home completely when Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- photographs Jessica Rabbit and Toontown owner Marvin Acme -LRB- Stubby Kaye -RRB- playing patty cake ; even younger members of the audience will understand the risqu&eacute; element . After Eddie shows Roger Rabbit the pictures , the Chinatown allusion hits older audience members and brings fidgety amusement . In Chinatown 's opening scene , Curly -LRB- Burt Young -RRB- , a client of Jake Gittes , moans at the pictures of his wife having sex with another man in the woods . Several of the photos show her being taken sexually from behind ! Appropriate perhaps for the quintessential detective/paranoia neo-noir of the early seventies , but within the frame of a cartoon , and `` patty cake '' subbing for `` delivery in the rear , '' the ultimate effect becomes unsettling . However , in the film 's on and off pattern , the disturbing element of the Chinatown parody takes us nowhere in terms of meaning . That is , we are n't meant to think through the allusion but simply allow it to get on and off our consciousness without effect.In the historical frame , the club where the patty cake session takes place is situated in a racially separated America , resembling a Hollywood version of the Cotton Club . The Toons replace blacks in the roles of waiters , doormen , maitre d 's , and entertainers for the strictly human clientele . By extension , the Toons are barely tolerated minorities relegated to their own ghetto , Toontown , yet seem to accept their decidedly inferior social status . They are depicted as rebellious , cunning , and knowing their place . Toontown as a separate but ideal place appears , upon reflection , mildly disconcerting for us because reality has been pruned to a comfortably commonplace nostalgia for a simpler past . Consistent within the motif of Toons-as-minority , Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- emerges as the classic self-hating figure within that minority by posing as a human . He dispatches Toons who get out of line into `` the Dip . '' The Toons here also resemble another minority , the Jews , and Toontown becomes a World War II East European ghetto , while the Dip simulates a Toon gas chamber/crematorium . Only at the end of the film is Judge Doom exposed as a Toon when a steamroller squashes him.We must n't forget , though , that the Judge 's goal is to destroy Toontown , erase it from public memory , and for what ? `` I see a place where people get on and off the freeway . On and off . On and Off . All day , all night . Soon where Toontown once stood will be a string of gas stations . Inexpensive motels , restaurants that serve rapidly prepared food , tire salons , automobile dealerships , and wonderful , wonderful billboards reaching as far as the eye can see . My God , it 'll be beautiful . `` He wants more for humans than most humans would want . The Judge becomes the substantive visionary for a future that Eddie , Eddie 's girlfriend , and Toons scoff at . Eddie assumes that the highway wo n't be needed because the city already has an efficient and profitable trolley-car system
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' finally came onto a DVD release -LRB- instead of that crappy 1999 release -RRB- that is teeming with extras .1 -RRB- The MovieBased on the book `` Who Censored Roger Rabbit '' -LRB- which had the characters as comic strip stars instead of cartoon ones -RRB- , the film has characters Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- and Roger Rabbit -LRB- voice by Charles Fleischer -RRB- hoping -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- through a murder mystery . Eddie is sent out to prove Roger 's sensual wife Jessica Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Kathleen Turner -RRB- is having an affair with the owner of the Acme company . Eddie succeeds and shows Roger the pictures , which makes Roger extremely sad and jealous . The day after it turns out that Mr. Acme was hit on the head with a safe -LRB- what else ? -RRB- in the Acme Warehouse the night before . It also turns out that Roger was at the Acme Warehouse around the same time ! All fingers point to Roger , as he must be the one who did it because he was jealous about Mr. Acme 's `` supposed '' fling with Jessica . The evil and supicious Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- wants Roger for the murder ... now . He has plans to excute him a new fashion that is being used to kill toons , Dip -LRB- which turns out is made of the same elements to clean animation cels in the commentary -RRB- . Roger soon turns up at Eddie 's office for help . Eddie , extremely reluctant at first , starts to grow a friendship with Roger . It comes to an hilarious end in this wonderful movie , and it is the only film to find Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny in one scene ... together ... talking to each other ! 2 -RRB- The ExtrasThere are two discs
 It makes you laugh constantly.Even when I remember it I smile
 Truely a movie original , Witty and touching at times . Roger Rabbit himself is one of the greatest animated characters ever !
 The fourth home video incarnation of WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT ? is a fully-loaded , double disc set with tons of extras and a great commentary track . The film has never looked better . There 's a family friendly full screen version as well as a pristine widescreen transfer . Part film noir , part period who dunnit and part cartoon , this breakthrough mixed genre is most remarkable for Bob Hoskins ' incredible performance as an American gumshoe 's bad acid trip into a demented toon town . And there 's not a single frame of computer generated imagery.The publicity material claims this is a restored version , but alas the infamous frames -LRB- about 76 minutes into the film -RRB- of a panty-less Jessica Rabbit remain excised . I could find no Disney spokesperson who would comment on this silly censorship . Sorry , you 'll have to see the original VHS tape or the laser disc if you want to be titillated by Jessica 's cartoon crotch . Recommended .
 When WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT first came out , it was considered a technical milestone . Everyone put something on TV about it , the producers wanted to show you how the tricks were done . Unfortunately the home video releases to date have not shared this excitement.Now Buena Vista Home Video is releasing this deluxe `` Vista Series '' DVD featuring :1 -RRB- A deleted scene not seen since it 's CBS airing .2 -RRB- `` Who Made Roger Rabbit '' documentary .3 -RRB- `` Behind the Ears
 My kids grew up with Roger , now I 've got it for the grandkids . I still kie Roger too .
 Everyone knows the story . Rabbit meets girl . Rabbit loses girl . Rabbit save Toontown . Rabbit gets girl in the end . It 's as old as the movies.Wait , ` Rabbit gets girl ' ?! Yes , it 's true , and so well done to be astonishing . Bob Hoskins is fabulous in his role , selling everything he does . And Charles Fleischer as Roger Rabbit sets a modern standard for zany . It 's just a shame that Disney went cheap on us so we ca n't have more Roger Rabbit tales -LRB- NYUK , NYUK , pun intended -RRB- . Get the dip for the fuddy-duddies that let this classic character slip through their hands . More Roger Rabbit !
 how is that vista series can put together so many extra features , and not put on the trailer ? It would be interesting to see how the studio advertised this movie when it came out back in ' 88 . Other than that , no complaints .
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit is the best film ever that mixs animation with live action . Lame movies such as Cool World and Space Jam have tried to be like Roger Rabbit but have failed.Roger Rabbit has been framed for murder by an evil toon and only one man can save him , the former detective for toons Eddie Valent . Eddie Valent used to take cases for toons until one killed his brother . He has to come face to face with his past in-order to save Roger.Bob Hoskins is great as Eddie Valent as is Christopher Lloyd as the villain . It 's the special effects that are the real star in Who Framed Roger Rabbit though . They 're flawless and you get the feel that the actors are really talking and interacting with the toons.I really would of loved if they made a few sequels but it 's a little late for that now since you do n't really see Bob Hoskins around anymore . He had much more star power then than he does now as well.The only problem that I still have with the film is that it has a very adult theme to it and is n't as much for kids as a movie with a bunch of famous cartoon characters should be . There 's one point where Donald Duck calls Daffy Duck a really bad prejudice word for instance . You have to listen hard to hear it but it 's there . Still though Daffy versues Donald is so much fun that I would n't mind a sequel just to see go at it again.The dvd for this movie is a dream come true for me . When they released that no feature version on dvd I was really disapointed . This dvd totally makes up for it though . It 's one of the best dvd 's of this new year for sure . I 've only seen the Roger Rabbit short Tummy Trouble but this dvd gives you the chance to see all 3 of his shorts . It 's just an awesome dvd . It 's a must have for every Roger Rabbit fan .
 this movie deserves more than 5 stars . . i was laghing my head off when i saw it , it 's more than funny , i realy realy loved it with all my heart
 Almost wet my pants . Disney at their best . Who was real and who was the cartoon ? I 'm in love with Jessica Rabbit , hubba-hubba . A lot of women should be drawn that way , might be a better world for all of us , PLLLEEEAAASSSEEE !!
 Roger Rabbit and his beau-T-FUL cartoon wife Jessica are really great amazing cartoons and me and my little niece have seen the original Roger cartoons so i decided to rent this movie out in Blockbuster since I never saw it back in the 80 's cause I wasnt alive back then so when me and her watched it we loved the acting and stuff but after the movie my niece started using the words ... alot , and that is just the directors fault . This cartoon movie should be rated PG-13 but still The Looney Tunes , Roger & his gang , and Disney combined and made this movie worth seeing ! Good Job and I would of rated it a 5 if the movie didnt curse that much ...
 `` my whole purpose in life is to make people lllaugh '' , '' . . we 're supposed to be hiding what 's wrong with you ?? . . what 's wrong with you ? '' , `` yeah check the probate , why my uncle lenny had a problem with his probate & had to take big pills & drink lots of water . . not prostate you idiot probate '' , `` dear jessica , how do i love thee ? let me count the ways one 1000 two 1000 three 1000 four 1000 '' , '' . . no wonder you hate me . . common i do n't hate you . . you do hate me if a toon killed my brother i 'd hate me . . common i do n't hate you . . tou do hate me , you yank my ears all the time . . look i 'm sorry i yanked you ears . . all the time you yanked my ears ? . . all the time i yanked you ears . . `` I KNOW EVERY SINGLE LINE , THIS TELLS YOU HOW MUCH I LIKE IT
 Great flick ... ! Only issue is that I live in North America , the DVD did not run on my Bose System ... I had to return it .
 It was very funny and fun to watch . I my kids and grandchildren really liked it too . They want to watch it over and over again .
 This is a great movie ! The action is exciting , the mystery is thrilling and the fun never stops ! The entire family will love this movie ! And dont forget Jessica Rabbit ... she 's not bad , she 's just drawn that way ; - -RRB- This move is a great combinaiton of live action and annimation that is seemlessly blended together . No other movie of this type comes close to the quality and fun of this one !
 love this movie ... . one of my favorites ... and my daughter watches it over and over ... perfect condition , fast shipping and a great price ... thanks ,
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit is by far one of my favorite animated movies I have in my collection of comedy movies . I gave it a 5 star rating because you ca n't but to laugh at the toon parts and the stupid stuff they do to make people laugh out loud . I had n't watched this movie is so much time past that I had actually forgotten certain parts of the movie so I enjoyed it a lot because of the memories from when I watched it before many years ago . My viewpoint is this is a classic movie for anyone 's collection of movies that they should own . If you have yet to buy this movie you are missing out on a very funny and classic animated movie that is within the 100 best movies list of this century and I have to agree totally with that statment and list . So it will be worth the money to own this edition of the movie and keep in your collection forever .
 I know that there have been movies where real-life is mixed with cartoons . I recall Gene Kelly dancing with the mouse from Tom and Jerry in something that was probably out of the 1950 's . However , my hat is off to Disney for coming up with the idea behind `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? '' . This movie mixes the cast with cartton characters and real-life actors and they all seem to take it in stride . In the movie `` toons '' are a sort of breed apart . They have their own side of town and their own society -LRB- and their own laws of physics -RRB- but the interaction of the two groups is impressive in its ' near equality.The plot is right out of a 1940 's film noir and seemed made for Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake . The plot is certainly interesting but the heart of the movie lies in the out-of-control cartoon sequences . You ca n't do this stuff in a regular movie . Old timers like me will recognize plenty of the borrowed scenes and `` props '' from the cartoons we grew up on . In the end , the mystery is solved and the bad guy sent to ironic justice.There are n't many movies out there for the whole family anymore . A lot of the ones that are suitible are generally `` cute '' for the adults . This is a movie that is hilarious for all ages . You can watch it with your kids but you 'll enjoy it even if you watch it alone .
 This is the best of the toon/live action movies . I still crack up when I see this movie . It 's hard to believe this movie is almost 20 years old ! It 's that odd combination of drama , comedy , sex and violence that 's perfectly done and your children can watch . Very well done .
 A roller-coaster ride of a movie , WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is an extrodinary and staggering achivement , with some of the most beliveable special effects , but the ultimate feat is making us believe that Roger Rabbit and his pals actuallu exist , and they have clearly met that .9 / 10
 Truly a classic in creativity
 I like this movie more now then I ever did back then . It was the first time they put cartoons into meet live action people . Roger rabbit is married to a beautiful woman name Jessica Rabbit . They have green stuff which is the only stuff that can kill a toon . Eddie Vialent is a dective who hate 's toons cause his brother got murder by a toon . This movie needs to be rated PG-13 .
 Not too many family movies stand the test of time ... this is one of them ! A bit too intense for little kids , but my 7 and 10 year old girls love it . We were watching with their grandfather who got a big kick out of it , too . Christoper Lloyd is a terrific villian and there are plot twists worthy of an adult murder mystery . And where else can you see Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny sharing the screen ?
 There have been many movies and television shows that have tried to replicate the premise of 1988 's Who Framed Roger Rabbit , yet even the most recent attempts have , for the most part , failed -LRB- although Greg the Bunny came pretty close -RRB- . In the world of WFRR , cartoons , or just toons for short , are real . They live among us , and act in their own movies and cartoons . They just happen to be animated . For the most part , the whole point of being a toon is to make people laugh , and many of them excel at it.Dateline
 -LRB- 41/2 stars -RRB- . WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT belongs on the same pedestal as BACK TO THE FUTURE , STAR WARS and SUPERMAN
 Being a kid , I probably should n't have seen this movie , but it was awesome ! The cartoon elements are cool , and Bob Hoskins makes for a great show . My parents hate this movie because of all the language , but I thought it was great ! Definately a must-see if you love cartoon/live action movies . No wonder it won a ton of Oscars !
 1987 's `` marriage '' of animation and live action still holds up quite well due to the performances of Bob Hoskins , Christopher Lloyd and the vocal skills of Charles Fleischer and Kathleen Turner . The DVD offers the fan everything that he/she wants to know about the making of the movie.The only complaint that I could register would be in the first disc 's compilation of the three theatrical Roger Rabbit `` shorts '' . Viewing them back to back reveals their shortcomings . While it is obvious that Zemeckis and company were paying homage to the great Tex Avery ` toons of the thirties , forties , and fifties , these newer films lacked Avery 's brilliant over-the-top `` bite . '' Avery had a lunacy unlike any other director of animated films and he could n't be imitated.I know Avery and Zemeckis is no Avery .
 Not only is Jessica the sexiest woman ever , the movie actually gives a little insite to life in Los Angeles during the time before the freeway system we all know . Most people didnt know LA actually did have a great mass transit system at one time so even though this movie pokes fun at a lot of things it is based on some truths . the coupling of Disney and Warner Bros cartoons was also a first , Mickey and Bugs in the same scene . and did I mention Jessica ?
 One of my favorites . I recommend it to anyone with kids . Mine is autistic and he loves it . One of his favorites .
 Had the movie on VHS and loved it , no longer own a VHS and had to upgrade to DVD . Really a classic
 I 've loved this film ever since I was a kid of 5 years of age and I 'd got to say this film became a instant classic that I fell in love with for so many years after I first saw this film in the theaters . I would recommend this film to all of my family members and tell you will enjoy this movie just as much as I did . I still fall in love with this film simply because of the fact the wife of Roger Rabbit ... Jessica Rabbit ! She is so funny and beautiful at the same time , that 's why the movie is so unique and hilarious , that 's why I feel I fell in love with this movie at such a young age . I hope everybody enjoys this movie just as well as I did and learn to have a laugh with family your loved ones .
 I love this movie . The humans interacting with toons all mixed with murder and dark humor . I love how it was set in 1940s L.A.
 I remembered Roger Rabbit from years back . I picked it up just to wander back to the silly but clever animation in `` Roger Rabbit '' . I was also aware of the background situation where General motors bought up most of the trolley lines , in order to force a transition to use their buses . All in all , I laughed again just as the first time I saw it . While not a flick that is looked at every month , it is a nice break in the usual Hollywood dramas . Let yourself enjoy it without letting the plot put you to sleep .
 Always loved this movie ! Recommend it to anyone who has a sense of humor ! Definitely one of my favorites as a child !
 I remember watching this movie as a kid and felt the other night like some wacky cartoon fun . I was delighted to see Amazon Streaming had it available and could n't resist watching it . From the random cartoon cameos to the antics you would have always imagined if you were placed in a cartoon-esk world , Who Framed Roger Rabbit is one of the best movies available .
 This vista series DVD is awesome ! It has so many extras . This is well worth the price . I ca n't say enough good things about this DVD .
 Great video . I had forgotten what a nice release this movie got on DVD . It is in perfect shape and I received it quickly , with other purchases . Great box art completed my satisfaction and I was pleased with the price too . Thanks .
 AS SOON AS YOU LET ME VIEW IT I 'LL LET YA KNO
 I grew up watching this movie . The cartoons and their humor brought to a real movie always got my attention when this playing . With a kid of my own what better way to watch a kid movie than to play if for him .
 Was so happy to find this movie . I have looked everywhere and this is the only place I found it . The quality is excellent .
 The DVD 's were in great condition . The DVD box was a little beaten up around the edges and there was a little folder in the front of the DVD case that was empty so it looks like something that came with the DVD was missing , but overall the product was great . It 's going to make a wonderful nostalgic gift : -RRB-
 The item was exactly what I ordered . It arrived within the time span that it was supposed to and in perfect condition .
 I got exactly what I ordered & I am 110 & satisfied ! I look forward to ordering more in the future !
 This movie is a timeless classic . Jessica Rabbit is still one of the hottest actress in cinama to this day . Excluding Alyson Hannigan and Linda Cardellini . Christopher Lloyde shows he has true gritt .
 This is a DVD you should own if you enjoyed this movie that came out nearly 20 years ago ! It offers you the inside story on the behind the scenes production and the animation . It was too bad they did n't make a sequel for Roger Rabbit ! Bob Hoskins was wonderful in this film . Still , its good entertainment for everyone !
 Besides Space Jam is eight years younger than Roger Rabbit , and this movie -LRB- Space Jam -RRB- has CGI effects -LRB- this movie is from the Digital era -RRB- , it lacks a lot of things :1 . - Roger Rabbit was one of the last jobs done by Mel `` 1000 voices '' Blanc .2 . - Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Droopy Dog , Betty Boop -LRB- and a loong etcetera -RRB- do n't appear in Space Jam , meanwhile Bugs Bunny did appear in Roger Rabbit.This movie is one of my long favorities , when it was released in DVD , i do n't think twice and i buy it ... , but i noticed that this DVD have nothing of extras or foreign language support -LRB- but the movie itself worth the money that i expended -RRB- ; fortunatelly and finally Touchstone/Disney will release a special edition of this DVD , with all the things that the fans expected from a movie like this -LRB- and foreign language support , at least with Spanish audio track , something very important to me -RRB- ... I ca n't wait to buy this precious DVD ! -LRB- did i say that i have to sell my old DVD for less than 1/5 of the original cost ? -RRB-
 wonderful mix of animation and real time actors . Harkens to old MGM days when Jerry the Mouse danced with Gene Kelly . Bob Hoskins is great in the detective role .
 This has got to be my favorite movie of all time . It 's got music , it 's got murders , and most importantly of all , it 's got TOONS !!!!!!!!! Everything a movie should have . Robert Zemeckis is a well-acclaimed director who 's done films like Back to the Future and the `` newly-released '' Polar Express , -LRB- but those are completely different reviews ... all of which should be very good -RRB- . Bob Hoskins is hilarious and makes the movie seem realistic . -LRB- He 's somewhat of a `` Scrooge '' character -RRB- . Christopher Llyod is great as he portrays the villain , Judge Doom . -LRB- I like that the original concept was that he was the guy who shot Bambi 's mother -RRB- . Though all the actors gave a splendid performance , Charles Fleisher -LRB- the voice of Roger Rabbit -RRB- was the best . He even wore a rabbit suit on set of the film . I 'm also amazed at the wonderful effect of putting toons and actors together in the same frame . -LRB- I guess that 's why , `` Roger Rabbit '' has won an academy award . -RRB- Probably never again will anyone see Daffy Duck , Bugs Bunny , Mickey Mouse , and Donald Duck in the same frame together . Everyone who has n't seen this should go watch the flick right now . They can last for 104 minutes . The DVD is also worthwhile , too . There are Roger Rabbit shorts that were originally seen in theaters and an interactive game in which you save Toontown . It was considered that there would be a sequel to `` Roger Rabbit '' ; one that would go directly to video and DVD . If a sequel was made , I 'm sure it would be great . In the words of the sexy Jessica Rabbit , `` Why Do n't You Do Right '' and Zemeckis surely has done right in making this a periodic , memorable movie . It has secured a place in film history .
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' single handedly changed the face of animation in live action films . The movie also introduced us to the hottest cartoon character ever -LRB- Jessica Rabbit -RRB- . The movie is directed by innovative directorRobert Zemeckis -LRB- Forrest Gump , Back to the Future -RRB- and stars Bob Hoskinsas Eddie Valiant , a private eye who hates toons after one killed his brother . Anyway , Eddie is hired to take pictures of Jessica Rabbit in order to stir some jealousy in Roger Rabbit which will get him to perform better in a movie that he 's working on . After Eddie takes the pictures of Jessica with Marvin Acme ; Acme turns up dead and the first suspect is Roger . Well , Roger asks Eddie to protect him from the toon-killing Judge Doom -LRB- a virtually unrecognizable Christopher Lloyd -RRB- and unwittingly Eddie does . The movie is not only well done -LRB- animation and such -RRB- , but it 's actually pretty entertaining and funny . A -
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' Vista Series Edition is one of the best DVDs in my collection . I was fortunate enough to obtain an advance copy , and I can honestly say
 For such a great film the DVD to it was disappointing . NO extras . The movie is only 13 years old . There could have been such extras to put on the disc . Disney needs to go to extras school .
 After buying the video , and watching it three times in two days , I still want to see it again . I remember taking my sister to see it the day after I saw it for the first time at the theater . This is a roll-down-the-aisles funny movie.Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- is called in to spy on Roger Rabbit 's -LRB- voiced hilariously by Charles Fleischer -RRB- wife Jessica -LRB- voiced by Kathleen Turner -RRB- . The pictures he takes of Jessica are assumed by most to be the cause of Roger murdering Marvin Acme . But there 's one catch . Roger did n't do it . Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher LLoyd -RRB- , the menacing villain and residing judge of Toontown is hot on his trail . Through it all , we see an enjoyable send-up of private eye movies , and a cast of thousands of stock cartoon characters from the 30 's , 40 's and 50 's . Do n't miss the sizzling singing number when we first meet Jessica Rabbit . `` That 's Jessica Rabbit ! '' The singing , by the way , is not Kathleen Turner , but Amy Irving .
 I can garauntee you will be extremely disappointed with this movie on DVD . This the most atrocious DVD I have ever bought . There are no special features in it at all . The picture quality is very poor . Why did they alter the film without the director 's approval ? Can someone please explain that to me ? On the DVD the movie is censored . The film is excellent . Bob Hoskins did a wonderful job in this . Roger Rabbit is hilarious and Jessica Rabbit , too . It was incredible to see all those cartoon characters from Disney , Warner Brothers , and others interact with each other and live action people . I fully recommend this movie but DO NOT buy the DVD . Buy the VHS Instead . I Bought it on DVD and I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 I love this movie , it 's not fun for the whole family type movie but it 's more of an adult oriented one and that 's good too . Roger Rabbit - Pl Pl Pleeeeease ! I love it , and Christoper Lloyd ? It ca n't get better than that . Silly and Fun .
 This is one of the greatist movies I have grew up on as a child and sadly movies like these do n't exist anymore . The story is the most valuable part of this movie and the characters too.The toon hater eddie valiant -LRB- bob hoskins -RRB- who has been set up in a crazy sceme for a greedy studio owner must help roger rabbit who has been set up for murder prove he 's innocent and get the justice he deserves and to get the killer of the evil judge doom -LRB- christopher lloyed -RRB- to justice . This is one of the best family films even now and days it 's still an epic classic that would want other youngsters watching also.Highly recommended !
 i remember watching this movie when i was younger . i remember that roger had this beautiful , voloptous wife named jessica rabbit -LRB- think of a prototype of kim kardashian -RRB- . yes , he was one lucky guy but i guess he was n't like other guys who would just lust after her . this movie was funny . i like how all the characters from warner bros , mgm , and disney came together in the end .
 On release , Robert Zemeckis 's colorful , thrilling joy-ride broke new ground in the merging of live action and cartoons , but what keeps this movie special is its manic pacing and goofy , anarchic spirit . The film is so dazzling that adults and children alike will quickly fall under its hyperkinetic spell , and come back to staid reality only with the closing credits . Populated by a host of cartoon characters , familiar and unfamiliar , the film is also a tribute to movies , and the private eye genre in particular . A blast .
 I was so happy when they put this movie on DVD . When I was growing up this was my favorite movie . The cover is so creative and it has great special features . It brings me back to my childhood !
 You heard me , this was one of his best performances . Second only to `` Sir Arthur Connan Doyle 's The Lost World '' in which I think was the best . All in all , this is a classic movie that is worth your time . Buy it now .
 I 've loved this movie since I was a little girl , and now I have a new appreciation for it 's revolutionary effects in the animation realm of film-making . Finding it on DVD for such a good price and with SO many extra featurs was pretty sweet . It belongs in most collections .
 If you have n't seen it , this is a brilliant merger of live-actors and animated characters . Oh , it 's been done before , all the way back to the 1930s or -40 s , but never so well . The animated figures do n't just talk to the live actors and cast shadows , they open doors , bump into things , and visibly press against the actors they are supposed to be touching . Just a few minutes in , disbelief is thoroughly suspended . The technical achievement sinks into the background -LRB- as it should -RRB- , and the plot moves on.The story 's a good one , too . There are lots of ins and outs , a complex land grab , a personal tragedy , and loyalties that surface under pressure . It 's kid-safe and - comprehensible , but has enough to keep an adult interested.Not least is the remarkable legal feat of combining dozens of cartoon characters , with copyrights owned by competing studios . Disney , Warner Bros , and Hanna Barbera all contributed . Who ever expected to see Daffy Duck across from Donald ? Bugs across from Mickey ? Even minor characters appeared , like animated extras from Fantasia , Peter -LRB- of wolf fame -RRB- , and the dragon from Disney 's 1941 adaptation of Grahame 's book , `` The Reluctant Dragon '' . Of course , Roger , his wife Jessica -LRB- `` I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way '' -RRB- , and lots of other ` toons all came to life exclusively for this movie.It 's not necessary to have kids in order to have a collection of kids ' movies . This one 's great for the kid in anybody . / / wiredweird
 If you , as I , live in the DVD region 1 , do n't bother with the one disc version available to us . Instead invest in this belter of a twin disc set that is all knobs and whistles . Best bits are the shorts -LRB- particularly ` Rollercoaster Rabbit ' -RRB- , Toon Town Confidential and Benny the Cab guiding you through the menus . Saying all this , the film is starting to show it 's age a bit now with some dodgy composite shots that are magnified with sparkling DVD quality but I still prefer this to CGI !
 While I am not a fan of having to buy a movie twice on DVD , but this Vista Series DVD is worth every penny . The animated menus are funny , the extras are great , and the film itself looks fantastic . I am proud to have this DVD in my collection , even if it meant having to buy the same movie twice .
 Ok , maybe I 'm exaggerating just a little . Maybe it did n't exactly take my breath away , but it is an incredible DVD . This is a real good movie , however `` not exactly a phenomenon '' as Steven Speilberg claims in a brief interview on the DVD . The DVD in itself with all the extra bonus materials is outstanding . I found it to be very informative and very interesting to see how this movie was made and just how much dedication and extremely hard work it took just to get all the years-worth animation included with the live-action , get it produced , make countless sketches , and finally get it out to the theaters . Well done . Very well done . I could n't be more pleased and more impressed with this special DVD release . It 's definitely a must-have .
 This is the last great animated film before computers took over hollywood and ruined moives forever .
 Cartoons coexisting with humans ! Pretty cool to me . This movie made me laugh a lot . I saw all my favorite cartoon characters such as Dumbo , Bugs Buny , Daffy Duck , Donald Duck , Mickey , and Porky etc. . It is a about a rabbit named Roger who is accused of murder . With the help of Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- the murder case will be solved . This movie may be a little dark with the whole murder thing but it is a comedy I will never forget . Roger and Roger 's wife Jessica made me laugh the most . If u want to see your favorite cartoons together or if u like mystery then I recommend this for u.
 This film was released in 1988 , and told the story of adorable and whacky cartoon characters spilling over into the `` real '' world as studio contract players . It 's basically a buddy cop noir detective story between a hard boiled detective -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- and a fuzzy white animated rabbit he is helping . Amazingly enough NO CGI was used at all - 840,000 hand painted cells were overlaid onto live action ! It 's amazingly real , and has n't really been topped before or since.Previously ROGER RABBIT was released as a bare bones single DVD without any extras , bells or whistles . Buena Vista corrects this oversight with a stunning loaded new package which contains two DVDS.The first is labeled the `` Family Friendly '' version , and contains the pan and scan version of the film and a kid friendly documentary about the movie . Also included are three cartoon shorts featuring Roger and Baby Herman previously only seen in theatres . There is a rather remote intensive game included as well that should keep youngsters entertained , but not quite up to their Playstation standards.The second disc is for ENTHUSIASTS , and contains more in-depth technical information and the widescreen version of the film . Commentary and pop up factoids round out this disc for all of us DVD lovers who like these features.It is well worth the investment ! Stunning presentation in a handsome package , and whimsical menus that reflect the movie . I love it ! : - -RRB-
 If I had to write a one-word review of this deluxe 2-disc treatment of the landmark film WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT ? , it would be ... `` Wow ! `` Much like director Robert Zemeckis ' BACK TO THE FUTURE trilogy , time has done very little to tarnish the charm of this amazing fantasy film . It 's all the more impressive when you realize it was made without ANY computer animation . Every cell of animation -LRB- all 80,000 of 'em -RRB- was done the old-fashioned way
 I am a big fan or Roger Rabbit . It 's silly . It 's fun . Bob Hoskins is entertaining . I was surprised to watch it again and discover just how well the combination of the animation and the live action photography has held up . It 's not completely seamless , but it 's not really meant to be . It looks good -- vibrarant -- and it 's really neat to watch cartoons manipulate live action props . I had always wondered how that was accomplished.That 's what the DVD is for . It will answer that question and any others you may have . It also shows you extensive footage of the live action characters reacting to nothing , reacting to stand-in puppets , and reacting to electronic devices that do some of the animators ' work for them . The supplemental material is interesting and well organized . The first disc is essentially for kids and passing fans . It has a full screen version so that little kids wo n't cry upon seeing black lines.The second disc is for more interested adult spectators . It has the widescreen version and the commentary.I would recommend the DVD for its extras as much as for its actual film content . There is even a fun set-up where you must search for some of the special features . Silly as this sounds , it ended up being kind of fun , partly because they had the good sense to make it an actual search , fraught with disappointing leads that bring you nowhere . And , by the way , open the vault -- it 's weird . You 'll know what I mean when you get the DVD .
 Movies like this come once in a blue moon . I can not think of a movie with toons and humans that compares to Who Framed Roger Rabbit . Everything about this movie was excellent . The character of Judge Doom -LRB- who was well acted by Christopher Lloyd -RRB- is one of the most creative villian ideas ever . I have enjoyed watching this movie since my childhood and it never fails to entertain me . The new DVD version has great extras ! Everyone should own Who Framed Roger Rabbit . Kids and adults will love this film .
 You ca n't say enough about this movie . The characters come to life in such a way that you forget that they 're animated after a while ; they become fellow actors to Bob Hoskins and company . The cartoon short at the beginning is also a hoot , but it 's just warming up for the insanity and anarchy that follows . My favorite part
 Wow I ca n't say enough good things about this movie . I remember being amazed at age 14 when I first saw it . It is great fun trying to spot all the different characters . Absolutly entertaining I ca n't watch it enough .
 My brother and I count Roger Rabbit as one of the best movies ever made . We used to have all-day Roger Rabbit festivals , where we would watch the movie over and over again . The movie is THAT fun . I venture to say it is a movie for all ages . Adults will find subtle humor that will go over kids heads , and kids will love the animation and slap-stick jokes . This is one of the most visually amazing movies ever made , and you forget that most of the characters are cartoons . This is a movie where the toons truly come to life .
 a marveleous unbelievable movie that makes you mouth opened for almost 2 houres , nothing like it
 i purchased this movie probably about 6 yours ago and still find it as funny as the day i bought it . it has enough innuendos and adult jokes to keep the interest of the older crowds , and is still clean enough that if i had children i would let them watch this movie . it has the old ` bugs bunny and animaniacs ' humor the really keep your attention and be suprisingly enjoyable . i will continue to watch this on a regular baasis
 A classic comdey with a who 's who in the cartoon world appearing in this picture including the Man of 1,000 voices Mel Blanc in his last film before his death . Great service and many thanks .
 Not only was this a technological breakthrough combining live action with animation the story line is actually quite good . My children & I love to watch this one over and over again .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' -LRB- hereafter WFRR -RRB- is an exhilarating example of a `` Hamlet Syndrome '' movie . I define a `` Hamlet Syndrome '' work as one that is so important , revolutionary , and/or complex that it has been endlessly analyzed from multiple perspectives , and therefore impossible to make an original comment upon . In other words , what can I say about this movie that has n't been said before ? For example , I 'm sure I 'm not the only poster who has seen this movie multiple times in the theater -LRB- 5 times in my case -RRB- . Also , many posters must own the VHS or DVD version ; in fact , WFRR was my first VHS movie purchase and someday I will purchase the DVD . Like many posters , I adore the masterful , seamless , phantasmagoric merger of live action and animation . Sigh ! I think I 'll comment upon the main factor that , in my opinion , made WFRR such a success - its matter-of-fact , focused intelligence.It seems strange to call the anarchic , partly animated WFRR world focused and intelligent , but it is . The dialogue is whip-smart , sizzling , and meaningful at every moment , even when a toon is speaking it . The development of the murder mystery involving the death of Acme Products 's practical joker king Marvin Acme is appropriately convoluted , twisty , and elusive . The detective Eddie Valiant is still street-smart , shrewd , and clever despite his descent into alcoholism and despair over the murder of his brother -LRB- poignantly summarized by a photo montage -RRB- . Likewise , his transition from enjoying to hating toons because his brother was killed by one . The implication of the goofy Roger Rabbit in Acme 's murder because of his supposed dalliance with his stunning human toon wife Jessica Rabbit . The stubbornly growing relationship between Roger and his reluctant protector Eddie . The sinister machinations of the cadaverous Judge Doom . Even the toons ' fantastic feats which as Roger explains can occur only if they are funny . Every aspect of the film impresses you with its intelligence , because it is smarter than its audience.WFRR is indeed intelligent , and its intelligence extends to pleasing both kids and adults without being condescending or boring to either . Almost inevitably , this means the movie presents risqu&eacute; dialogue and situations -LRB- e.g. Baby Herman 's lament about his 40-year-old lust and his 3-year-old dinky , or Eddie 's sometime girlfriend and speakeasy owner Delores commenting on the rabbit extending from his pocket -RRB- . But the movie is agile and lighthearted enough to avoid offending anyone -LRB- unlike , say , Rango -RRB- . The action , jokes , one-liners , and asides are all sharp and really require you to think.The entire tone of WFRR is smart , too , as well as underplayed and low-key . Even when someone acts crazy , as for example in the climax when Eddie attempts to save Roger and Jessica from being immersed in the `` dip '' by ... I 'm not telling , it has a serious objective . Humans interact with cartoons and sometimes even enter Toontown , the toons 's abode , but they never BECOME cartoons . The tone bolsters the underlying serious themes of the movie , which are not only will Roger be acquitted , but also whether Eddie will redeem himself professionally and socially . WFRR will also teach you something about '40s film noir and detective movies , if you are observant.WFRR does something more . Its overall craft and brilliance affirms how great human beings can be , when they set their minds to something . Who would expect a collision of flesh-and-blood humans , irreverent Looney Tunes characters , and boisterous Disney characters to do that ?
 There 's not much I can say about this awesome film that other reviewers have n't already said . This is definitely one of the best movies of the decade - and of ever , period . For its time , when computers were basic compared to today , the merging of live-action and animation was really nicely done , and this is a movie that deserves to be part of any movie collection !
 Films that feature both live-action and animation generally have n't done so well -LRB- Cool World , The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle , Looney Tunes
 i was looking for this movie for my grandson , i wasnt sure used was a good idea , -LRB- im akinda crazy when it comes to the condition of the case and if there are scratches , -RRB- anyway the case looked great , not one scratch + it plays great , not to mention im very happy that amazon is available because the prices are fair ! and my grandson was very happy , which is really all i cared about.....thank-you ! pamela le ,
 Modern technology may dwarf this film to a certain degree ; however this pre-digital era film still stands against those of today . Especially when you consider the amount of work that went into it . The bonus features is worth the purchase alone , however Roger Rabbit is a classic in my opinion with strong characters , acting and plot . I did see it in the theatre and at a young age so my opinion is bias perhaps . I 'm looking forward to seeing my niece 's reaction and one day my own children 's .
 Received the DVD promptly and in great conditions . Really enjoyed it and the great service !
 Not just great animation mixed with live action but a great story as well . Great for adults as well as kids .
 My Grandmother bought this for me when I was 2 years old . I 've loved since then . I havent watched it in a while so I decided to watch it one day when nothing was interesting on T.V. . This movie bought back so many memories of when me , my cousins -LRB- who I havent spoken to since i was 8 -RRB- and friends were little . I knew every song and every line . Get this movie . It 's a classic and a good movie for adults as well as kids . You wont regret buying this .
 Reviewing the movie
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit is nothing short of a masterpiece and way ahead of its time . At first glance , the film appears to be for the kiddies , but this is a somewhat complicated murder mystery with plenty of dark humor and hilarious jokes . The special effects and flawless blend of animation and live action -- which are remarkable -- never detract from the story and in the end they add a great dimension to this fine motion picture.Simply put , Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a landmark film . You could sit and marvel at the breathtaking special effects , and be fooled into thinking that they are the only reason it is any good . But even though the special effects are stunning , Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a film experience like no other . It 's a brilliant piece of work , utilising numerous elements to make it unforgettable . It blends comedy , film noir , romance , drama , horror , and any other style you can think of , into one roller coaster ride of a movie.The film takes us back to 1947 , into the hectic life of Hollywood . The only difference here is that Toons are living , breathing creations , that interact with humans . Toons live in Toon Town -LRB- obviously -RRB- but also come out to play in our world , and also to make a living in the glitzy world of showbiz . Roger Rabbit is a big star with Maroon Cartoons , but life is n't being very good to him lately . He ca n't seem to get a scene right , and no matter how many times he bangs his head , he just wo n't see stars . Studio owner R.K. Maroon is suspicious that Roger 's wife , the seriously smouldering Jessica Rabbit , is being adulterous , so he enlists the help of private detective Eddie Valiant to catch her out . Eddie is a bitter , sullen man , and has a deep hatred for Toons ever since his brother and partner Teddy was killed by one -LRB- via a piano being dropped on his head -RRB- . Still , Eddie takes the case , and catches Jessica playing `` patty cake '' with Marvin Acme , the head of the Acme Corporation , responsible for such things as hand buzzers and singing swords . When Roger finds out , he becomes hysterical , and vanishes into the night . The next morning , Acme is found dead , and Roger becomes the prime suspect in the case . On the run , Roger hooks up with Valiant , and swears that he was set up , an intriguing mystery in a truly wonderful film.Who Framed Roger Rabbit never slips up in the quality department on any level . The performances are strong , the script switches from comedy to drama with ease , the direction is potent , and the special effects are amazing . Even after over a decade , they still look as fresh and real as ever . Bob Hoskins does a great job as Valiant ; completely believable as a sour man out of his depth on a job he could do without . Christopher Lloyd is suitably terrifying as Judge Doom . His climactic scenes are ones that will stay with you long after the film has ended . Joanna Cassidy is under-used but effective as Dolores , giving a sexy and snappy performance . The vocal performances are also first rate ; Charles Fleischer is perfect as maniacal Roger , and Kathleen Turner makes Jessica into one of the most sensual animated characters ever created . Robert Zemeckis does a great job directing the piece , and you ca n't review the film without mentioning the many cameos from popular cartoon stars . Highlights include Donald Duck and Daffy Duck in a war of piano skills , and Tweety Bird 's rather callous treatment of Eddie as he clings to his life off the side of a skyscraper.Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an essential film that everyone simply needs to see . Once seen , it will stay with you forever . A film deserving of the term `` classic '' .
 ... . I 'm just drawn that way , '' warns Jessica Rabbit to a rather excited Eddie Valiant in the landmark movie , `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' . And trust me , there is nothing bad in the newest and most complete DVD release of this film.This film still remains a classic , and retains the highbar status of melting live-action with animination . Bob Hoskins plays Eddie , a down on his luck private eye , assigned by R. K. Maroon to do some undercover work . His findings set in motion the wonderfully creative story . Part film noir , part hysterical comedy , part magic , this film blends so many elements together to produce an incredible product.The DVD release is also pure magic . Finally , for fans and newbies alike , this DVD treats the film with the respect it deserves . The two disk set gives you a wealth of information on the film , from its making to deleted scenes , to commentaries . It 's amazing just to watch the film , but to learn about how this film was made will astonish you . I particularly enjoyed the `` deleted scene '' , which in reality is a series of scenes cut out that were hysterical . Little gems like this really make for a great buy.Back to the film , everytime I watch this movie , and perhaps this happens to you , you FORGET that Roger , Jessica , and many other characters , are animated . It 's in that suspension of belief that lies the reality of it all . The filmmakers were successful in their goals of doing that . No , they were more than successful , they were the magicians . Who Framed Roger Rabbit will stand as a testament to the art of filmmaking at its finest.If you are a DVD collector , you must click the button to the right and order this gem immediately !
 I really enjoyed this movie , especially the quality of the DVD . You 'd be hard pressed to find a more entertaining movie . Adults and kids enjoy this movie immensely . Its a classic about a mystery in 1940 's Hollywood . The twist is that in this movie , cartoons actually exist and interact with people . They get paid , just like any actor . There is impressive special effects with great acting . But I wish the DVD had some kind of behind the scenes or ducumentary , or even the trailer . The best thing about this movie is a complete dynamic story from beginning to end . It 's an action packed rollar coaster ride . Its really funny and can get really suspenseful . Dont miss out on this epic in fun .
 I was eight when this movie made it 's debut , and due to the adult content it contained I was not able to see it for another two years . But , television commercials , coloring in books , pencils , toys , and mugs were all sufficient material to feed my imagination and fuel my love for the accident-prone hyperactive Rabbit . I was entranced by the very notion of Who Framed Roger Rabbit from the beginning , and it played an enormous part in the stories , drawings and games I became involved in my pre-teens . When I finally did see it it fulfilled all of my expectations , and has remained for over ten years in my top five favourite films of all time . I am delighted every time I watch it by the multitude of sight gags , in-jokes and cameos as well as the charming gallery of characters , the unique and original story line and the wonderful blending of animation with live-action . WFRR paints a convincing portrait of life just after WWII , and I could not imagine a better era for the story to be set . ` Toons are a needed force , a source of vitality and joy in a world bruised and damaged . It is easy to believe that they were living right alongside humans , interacting with them in an entirely natural way . I think it is this most of all , apart from the dazzling special effects , curious plot , and loveable characters , which has ensured it 's place as a favourite for many years to come
 This movie came out when I was 8 , and I believed it ! Chalk it up to Robert Zemeckis , Steven Spielberg , Walt Disney animators and Industrial Light & Magic FX technicians ! The story of Roger Rabbit accused of mudering gag king Marvin Acme makes for an intriguing story as we try to find out who did it . It does seem hard to believe that help could come in the form of Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskin 's greatest role -RRB- . Eddie is a man who 's brother was killed by a toon , and since then , his life has gone downhill to teh point of over drinking alochol -LRB- making him a joke to many on the police force -RRB- . Roger Rabbit does what he does best
 Technicaly Dazzling . This is one of the best animated films of all time , it is certainly different , but in a good way . It vaguely resembles detective movies , particularly ` Chinatown ' and ` The Maltese Falcon ' . It is one of the most entertaining movies of the 80 's . Demanding of multiple viewings to spot all of the cartoon stars . The voices for the ` toons ' are perfect especially Charles Fleischer as Roger Rabbit and Kathleen Turner as the sexy Jessica Rabbit . Filled with lots of memorable characters , stand-outs on the ` human ' cast are Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd . Great Entertainment . From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9 !
 If you really WANT to hear Donald saying what some allege he says to Daffy in this film , you might be able to convince yourself that 's what you hear . But it just is n't true.This movie was n't made that long ago , folks ; there 's no way on God 's green earth that a film comedy with a profile this high would EVER have made it to release with Donald Duck using the words attributed to him . What he actually does say is a variation on the same sort of stuff he has ALWAYS said in situations such as this ... and this does n't include profanity , not today nor back in the 1930s . This movie does have some elements that will only be appreciated by adults , but they 're either the sort of innuendo that wo n't register with kids , or freeze-frame moments that are well-nigh impossible to catch at full speed -LRB- and even slowed down , children will not see the significance -RRB- . I mean , kids hearing Dolores ask Eddie , `` Is that a rabbit in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ? '' are n't going to get the full significance of the line , unless someone explains it to them , if then -- and they 're too busy watching Eddie struggling to keep Roger hidden anyway.For kids , there 's little here that 's more salacious than the appearance of Jessica Rabbit ... or Betty Boop , for that matter.I do believe that , counting the original release , the VHS release and the first DVD , I 've watched this film somewhere between 35-50 times -LRB- more than any other movie -RRB- . If Donald were calling Daffy such a vile name , I 'd know.This film is just a masterpiece , a landmark in movie history . There are so many great moments that I would n't know where to start . Suffice to say this is one of those rare movies where every aspect of the creative talents brought to bear came together perfectly , from the music to the sets to direction to casting to the animation to lighting and whatever else you might think of . This is one movie that truly lived up to -LRB- or even surpassed -RRB- the hype and expectations built up prior to release.The cameos by virtually every memorable cartoon character in existence in 1947 was unprecedented , and really adds both to the fun and the sense that Toontown could have actually existed.Two favorite moments
 This DVD set is sure to please anyone who enjoyed the ambitious , innovative and hilarious movie Who Framed Roger Rabbit . In 1988 , Roger Rabbit earned several Oscars , combined animation with live action , made British actor Bob Hoskins a star and featured cameos from dozens of Disney , Warner Bros , MGM and Universal cartoon stars . Director Robert Zemeckis would also direct the Back to the Future series.The story takes place in 1947 and it all begins with the lovable goofball Roger Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Charles Fleischer -RRB- co-starring with the cute but not-so-innocent Baby Herman -LRB- offstage , Herman is a whiney , scowling cigar smoking midget -RRB- in What 's Cookin ' . It 's not long before Roger is under investigation by hapless no-nonsense detective Eddie Valiant -LRB- Hoskins -RRB- . Marvin Acme -LRB- Stubby Kaye -RRB- , owner of Toontown , has been murdered . Judge Doom -LRB- Back to the Future and Taxi 's Christopher Lloyd -RRB- and his pack of scheming weasels suspect Roger is the culprit , particularly after Acme plays a game of patty-cake with Roger 's sultry wife , Jessica -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- . Jessica 's defense
 Oh baby ! That 's what I 'm talking about . Hilarious , original , and super cool ! The 80 's produced some classic gems during its time , and this one -LRB- IMO -RRB- tops them all!I loved this film so much as a kid . Even as an adult , I still enjoy watching it . I believe it 's great family entertainment -- more so than the current lackluster offerings from Disney and digitally animated Pixel films . It contains a solid plot , excellent acting , smart script , fantastic visuals , and an abundance of your favorite LOONEY toons ! There are cameo appearances from a colorful array of beloved cartoon characters -LRB- Bugs , Mickey , Betty Boop , Daffy , Donald , etc. -RRB- . Film includes an extraordinary cast of actors
 When Roger Rabbitt came out , I was probably too young to ever know what it was . I am sure I saw it many times as a kid , but never saw it as the genius piece of filmmaking that it is . This movie is brilliant in every way , and with the release of the Vista Series DVD I have been reacquainted with it . I am 20 years old now and this is one of my top 5 favorite movies . That is the great thing about this movie , that all ages can enjoy something that this has to offer whether it be the animation sequences or just the fun storyline . I love both.Here is the story . Someone has killed Marvin Acme , owner of ToonTown and Roger takes the heat for it . Of course he was framed but by who and why ? Roger seeks the help of Eddie Valiant , a once prominant detective that fell into hard times after his brother was killed by a toon . Thus was his reluctance to help Roger since he was a toon . But he does help Roger , and he must get to the bottom of the mystery before Judge Doom finds and kills Roger by `` dipping him '' . Eddie feels sorry for the rabbit so he investigates before it is too late , and along the way he discovers more and more about why Acme was killed and that ToonTown itself is in danger . Oh yeah , and Roger was the perfect one to frame because his wife Jessica Rabbit had been seen meeting with Acme before he died . So most people probably know the plot already , but if not it is highly original and entertaining.This masterpiece could n't get any better treatment than this , a fully loaded 2 disc set sporting both a family-friendly version on disc 1 and enthusiast version on disc 2 . There are so many extras that it will take you a long time to see everything . I admittedly have just begun to see the treasures contained within . But it is obvious that the utmost care was taken to give this the fair dvd treatment it deserved -- mission accomplished . This is probably my third favorite movie of all-time , and is without a doubt the best mix of live action and animation . So many great characters appear in this movie such as Bugs and Daffy in the scene where Eddie is falling and they hand him an anvil instead of a ` chute . It is sheer movie magic , and something I could watch all the time and never get tired of seeing it . Director Zimeckis has done a remarkable job with this film , and we also great great performances from Bob Hoskins -LRB- Eddie Valiant -RRB- , Christopher Lloyd -LRB- Judge doom -RRB- and pretty much everyone else appearing in the film with the addition of the voices of Roger and Jessica who were terrific . To me this is a perfect movie so if you havent seen it before rent it , and if you like it then buy it . If you are a fan then you must own this dvd . It is truly a great thing and this dvd set presents it in all of its glory , the way it should be done .
 More than 15 years after its initial theatrical release , in this era when computer-generated animation and CG special FX are the mandatory norm , 1988 's WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT still stands firm as a groundbreaking , awe-inspiring , and wonderfully entertaining cinematic tour de force . In technical terms , it is the first film to convincingly combine living actors and animated cartoon characters in the same frame and make it look convincing . Thematically , it is a spoof of the noir films of the 1940s and 1950s , a slapstick comedy , and a satire of pre-civil-rights racial relations all rolled into one , sometimes referred to as the first genuine `` cartoon noir . `` Based on the novel WHO CENSORED ROGER RABBIT ? by Gary K. Wolf , the script by Jeffrey Price & Peter S. Seaman appropriately replaces Wolf 's comic-book and newspaper-strip cartoons with more cinematic animated cartoon characters , but it retains the novel 's satiric sociological subtext . The film is set in an alternate-universe Hollywood of the 1940s where cartoon characters -LRB- colloquially referred to as `` toons '' -RRB- live and breathe and interact with flesh-and-blood humans . The toons are the social minority , and as with the minorities of the real-world U.S.A. during the early 20th century , they are given employment only as menial service workers or as entertainers , and for housing they are relegated to a Harlem-like ghetto -LRB- known in the film as Toontown -RRB- . The story itself follows hard-boiled gumshoe Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- as he tries to uncover evidence that will exonerate zany toon Roger Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Charles Fleischer -RRB- of a murder rap . Roger became the # 1 suspect in the recent murder of Marvin Acme after it was discovered that the famous and wealthy gag-prop mogul had been rendezvousing secretly with Roger 's sexy wife , Jessica Rabbit -LRB- voiced by an uncredited Kathleen Turner -RRB- , and playing patty-cake with her . Though Valiant once vowed never to work for a toon again after one murdered his brother , the cynical ol' sleuth turns out to be a bit sentimental and , feeling sorry for the funny bunny , takes Roger 's case anyway . But as the gushy gumshoe snoops for clues , he learns that there is more to Acme 's murder than just a ploy to frame Roger ; he uncovers a conspiracy that could lead to the demise of Toontown and its inhabitants!Alternately hilarious and suspenseful , WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is replete with the kinds of throwaway gags , inside jokes , and one-liners that audiences would expect to see in an old-time cartoon short , while at the same time it unfolds into an intelligent who-done-it mystery worthy of Bogart 's Sam Spade . WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT represents the apex of 20th century filmmaking , but it is also wholesome family entertainment that offers something for kiddos and adults alike . This one will still be enjoyed by audiences of all ages long after it becomes an icon in the history books.As mentioned before , WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT offers the most convincing mix of live-action performers and hand-drawn animation ever put to celluloid . While this is certainly due in part to the awesome skill and artistry with which the animators have inserted the cartoon characters , excellent performances from the `` live '' cast members -- particularly Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd -- also help to sell the illusion of realism . Instead of cartoonishly overacting , overREacting , or pushing their performances too far over the top , the actors adopt a natural , matter-of-fact posture towards the cartoons , and this makes the audience believe that the human characters interact with animated critters on a daily basis.The two-disc `` Vista Series '' DVD set from Disney Home Video is the definitive home-theater edition of the wonderful film . Not only does it offer a pristine restored & remastered anamorphic widescreen transfer of WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT -LRB- by the way , there 's also a pan-and-scan version -RRB- , there are tons of interesting and fun bonus features . These include a really entertaining feature commentary with director Zemeckis , the screenwriters , and other crew members ; a making-of featurette ; three Roger Rabbit cartoon shorts that played in theaters before OTHER films -LRB- just like in the old days , folks -RRB- ; a deleted scene ; and lots more!The DVD collection of any serious film enthusiast will certainly contain a copy of this `` cartoon noir '' fantasy . This is a must-own DVD of a must-own film !
 Eddie Valiant is a detective who does n't really like ` toons . Toons are cartoon characters come to life , working in painted studios like actors in Hollywood . They killed Eddie 's brother Theodore a few years ago , dropped a piano on his head . Still , Eddie needs the money , so he takes a job for R.K. Maroon , head of Maroon Cartoons . Their star Roger Rabbit keeps stuffing up their animated shorts because he 's so in love with Jessica Rabbit , his wife . Valiant goes and breaks it up , by way of some dirty pictures of Jessica Rabbit and a Marvin Acme , and Roger gets upset . The next day , Acme is killed , and Roger is the suspect . The Judge of Toontown wants Roger destroyed , and Eddie smells a rat . What 's really going on ? `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' pretty stylish film , with a pretty good cast -LRB- I love Bob Hoskins as Detective Valiant in this , and Christopher Lloyd as the Judge -RRB- . The mystery of the story is pretty interesting too , as is seeing Disney and Warner Bros characters together . Worth a look .
 The Story of a Man , a Woman and a Rabbit in a triangle of trouble . The 1988 looney blockbuster classic starring Bob Hoskins as drunk Private Eye Eddie Valiant , Christopher Lloyd as sinister Judge Doom , Kathleen Turner as the voice of Roger 's knockout wife Jessica and Charles Fleischer as the voice of the title character Roger Rabbit . The First ever animation and live action combined movie . in 1947 Hollywood the story of Maroon Cartoon Star Roger Rabbit , a toon rabbit who acts for Maroon Studios , owned by R.K. Maroon and who framed for murder of toontown owner Marvin Acme by sinister Judge Doom . The Only Man who can help Roger is Private Eye Eddie Valiant , a drinking man who has n't help a toon since a toon killed his brother . Eddie protects Roger from Judge Doom and his toon weasels , Judge Doom is out for Roger and to get his hands on Toontown . This film is one of the greatest technological achievements in film history , imaginative , brilliant , incredible and funny , Two Big Thumbs way up . the Best movie of 1988 , one of the best of the decade and the 20th century . Roger and Jessica is the best toons since Mickey , Bugs and Bettie Boop . This is a great two disc DVD with lots of looney features . this film created Cool World and Space Jam , and it 's best of it 's kind . It 's imaginative how in our world toons are lined drawings that move and that we like believe are real , in this world their living walking talking lifeforms . I recommend this so you can see how animation and live action pregressed since Mary Poppins and Bednobs and broomsticks . bring Roger home and hide your DVD from the weasels if they 're looking for it . Hide Me Eddie plea-Please , I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way .
 Zemeckis ' masterwork boasts all the requirements of film noir - loser detective , femme fatale , patsy , shadowy noir look , corrupt big business interests etc. - and is yet really an anti-noir
 Popeye , Mighty Mouse , Bosko , Astroboy -LRB- wrong era ? Bozo , also a 1960 's tv character , was in the flick ! -RRB- , Screwy Squirrel , and for the love of mike , Felix the Cat ?????
 Reports of censorship of this DVD are greatly exaggerated . It 's the same transfer as the 1998 laserdisc . Only two shots have been modified -LRB- NOT cut -- just modified -RRB- compared to the original laserdisc , and the changes are so minor you would only notice if you pause on the right frames and know what to look for . Also , even the original laserdisc & VHS releases were modified compared to the original 35mm theatrical release -LRB- to cover Betty Boop in one frame in which she was not fully covered in the 35mm prints -RRB- . This DVD is the best way to view Roger Rabbit short of buying your own 35mm print .
 The King Kong of `` live '' animation . Still the bes
 NOW I COULD EASYLY SAY THIS WILL GO DOWN AS ONE OF THE GRATEST MOVE EVER MADE IN THE WORLD THAT IS SO FOR SHORE & THAT IS PUTTING IT LIGHTLY
 The item was delivered earlier than expected , arrived exactly as described -LRB- NEW -RRB- , and a perfect transaction . Thank you !!!!!
 This film has always been great and is still great , does not disappoint.Do enjoy!Best
 My daughter saw this on TV one night and had to have it . Even though the film was produced before her time she thinks it is hysterical .
 I Loved the the fact the whole family can watch it .
 When this movie came out I was 4 and my dad rented it . The Only part of this movie I remember then was Judge Doom scaring the boo boo Gebies out of me . Now that I 'm 20 I 've seen it 20,000 times . This is one of the most funniest and creative movies I 've seen ever . Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd give great Performances . And Roger Rabbit is one of the funnest characters on the movie -LRB- He sort of reminds me of an early Bugs Bunny -RRB- You get the occasional guest spots from some of the best cartoon characters . Donald Duck and Daffy Duck fighting each other just to show off who 's better -LRB- Favorite Scene -RRB- . Betty Boop , Dumbo , Yosemite Sam , Droopy , Mickey and Bugs share a scene -LRB- A first with these 2 legends . -RRB- Also this is one of the last perfomances of Mel Blanc -LRB- The voices of the Looney Tunes -RRB- . The Movie is very high tech for it 's time . This is one of the most funniest and greatest movies of all time . Some of the language is kinda bad for kids but not too bad so parents get this movie . I love this movie .
 This 2 DVD set is awesome !!! You get both full frame and widescreen versions of the movie !!! And this baby is loaded with extras !!! The ultimate version of `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' !!! Two thumbs up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit was a cutting edge film in its day , and is still a classic . And it looks absolutely fabulous on DVD !!! I love the fact that you have the option of watching it in widescreen or full screen , because some of us do n't have big , widescreen , digital TV 's yet . And even after all of this time , this film still delivers the laughs .
 I have owned this movie 4 times . I love the movie , but i was disapointed with the DVD . It had no special features . All you can do with it is watch the movie . I 'd go with the upgraded new DVD .
 Disney 's Who Framed Roger Rabbit was one of the largest acheivments of movie making history . This movie 's amazing special effects combining live action and animation put Mary Poppins ' to shame . This unique and captivating story is truley one of Disney 's finest . The mystery of `` greed , sex , and murder '' is made even more entertaing by combining Disney and Warner Bros. characters -LRB- such as Bugs Bunny , Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Tweety Bird , andBetty Boop along with many other favorites make an appearence -RRB- . Do n't miss this movie !
 Its a older movie but it is one of my best movies ever it has DTS audio 5.1 D which makes the sound very good you should buy this movie .
 This great 80 's classic was made in 1988 and was directed by Robert Zemeckis and produced by Steven Speilberg . based on the novel by Gary K. Wolf `` Who Censored Roger Rabbit ? '' , `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is a movie about live action cartoons living in a 3d world with us , and work and star in cartoons and movies instead of being drawn . Roger Rabbit -LRB- Charles Fleischer -RRB- is a crazy , fun-loving rabbit who as an amazingly attractive wife Jessica Rabbit -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- . When Jessica is suspected of having an affair , R.K. Maroon , the owner of the cartoon studio , hires Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- to take some pictures of Jessica `` cheating '' on Roger with Marvin Acme , the owner of toon town , where all the toons live.When Roger finds out , he goes crazy and runs away , so the next morning when Acme winds up dead , Roger is the prime suspect , and the evil Judge Doom -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- , who has created a way to kill toons for good by dipping them in an acid-like substance called `` The Dip . '' So it 's up to Eddie Valiant to prove Roger 's innocence.This movie is great for kids and adults as it has cartoons and funny gimmicks in the movie that will be great for kids , as well as some adult humor . Which is probably why it received so much praise at the box office . Many movies combine live-action and animation but this one perfected it . No movie since has been able to replicate the finesse of making it seem as the animation really ties in so well with the live-action . It included some very famous cartoon characters interacting with each other that no one had ever seen before and has never seen ever since . For example , there is a scene where Eddie is sitting at a show watching Daffy Duck and Donald Duck playing pianos together and fighting with each other . Or later in the movie , where Eddie is falling off a building and Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny show up to talk with him . It was very groundbreaking for its time.The movie received much financial success at the box office and went on to win 4 academy awards , and is one of the most expensive animated films ever made , with a budget of $ 70 Million . It 's a cult classic that left a huge impact on our culture . There was also talk of an unproduced prequel , `` Who Discoverd Roger Rabbit '' . I 'm not sure if it really existed but I do know that they are long overdue for a sequel !
 Ok this is THEE best version of this movie . The extras are amazing and you get a behind look on how exactly they made everything.This movie isnt/kinda / not for kids.Its really adult like humor and also child humor . I suggest parents watching it before they let thier kids watching it.BUT ! , if you yourself havenst seen this movie yet ... YOUR CRAZY ! and you dont know what your missing . I bought this movie just cause its a classic and the extras . And it was a very good desicion . BUY IT !
 4.7 starsRoger Rabbit was one of the great eye candy surprises of my life when I saw it in the theatre in ' 88 ; it truly deserves to be seen on a big screen . Soooo , it really needs a great blu-ray transfer . Hello , Bob Zemeckis and studio ... One thing many fans of this film miss is that it is in fact a very cleverly-disguised conspiracy film ; if you know anything about the history of L.A. and its streetcars , etc , you know what I mean . Wo n't say more for those who have n't seen it yet.But no one misses how perfectly constructed the script and plot are , and how fine Hoskins and Lloyd are in bringing it all to life . Hoskins 's work is even more impressive when you watch the extra that shows him acting to the blank bluescreen ; the guy hits his marks like a true pro , and his believable conversations with the toons are some amazing acting in every way . The man has imagination!As did the makers of this gem . It 's all about Bugs Bunny and friends , of course , and they could never make this now ; they got rights to use almost every old toon , and they never would these days , so rejoice that corporate greed was only halfway home in the late 80s -LRB- and we thought then it could never get worse , hoho ! -RRB- . Seeing all these characters together only brings home what fabulous art the classic toon makers created . This is made for adults , but kids can watch it with much joy as well . It 's both very funny and very clean , no mean feat.The mixed live action/toons are done to near-perfection , and the way the toons slide around the screen adds to the feeling . The first time you see this is a real trip ; be prepared and watch it on a big screen if you can.There are some extras here , and they 're not bad , but what really matters is we get to see the letterboxed original version , which really matters in a film shot with this much love and care.A true work of art in most every way , the Wabbit deserves a perfect blu-ray transfer , with tons of new extras !!
 This is not a movie for small kids ! The sexual references are bound and swearing is all over.But , I love it and if you kids are big enough it is ok . Jessica is a caricature of the `` ideal woman '' at least the producers thought . In any case make sure your kids know that she is not real and can not be . I do not like the pout and I would hate to think on how hard it would be to walk like that all day!It had break through special effects and great acting to nothing , especially Bob Hoskins . His acting made the movie . Not easy to look at nothing an make people believe you are looking at a rabbit talking to you , but Bob Hoskins did it.Just have fun .
 Highly enjoyable for parents and kids . Amazing to think this is twenty years old . Fantastic filmaking!A favorite scene is the janitor playing Sorcers Apprentice on a sax and the brooms sweeping up !
 Good movie , still 20 years later . Excellent detective story mixed with human/cartoon animations that still mostly hold-up today . A little dark for little children , but anyone 8 or older should love it .
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit is one of the great films that I recall from childhood . Robert Zemeicks made a film that everyone can enjoy . Watching the film as an adult I noticed there 's big a amount of sexual innuedno in this film the kind of humor that you have to be an adult to get . Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd were in top form as the hero and villian in the film and we all know that the two best voice overs in the film were Charles Fleischer and Kathleen Turner . This is still one of favorite Zemekicks films so sit back and watch this for old times sake .
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is one of the most important milestones in movie history . The first thing that blew me away was the unprecedented coorporation of the two biggest rivals in animation , Disney and Warner Brothers . Until this movie came out , no one but no one ever dared to dream that Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse would appear in the same frames . Also included were characters from Max Fleischer -LRB- Betty Boop -RRB- , Walter Lantz -LRB- Woody Woodpecker -RRB- and others . Great technical strides had been taken since Jerry Mouse danced with Gene Kelly . The interaction between live and animated characters was convincing and lifelike all the way through the movie . The film was loaded with innuendos and inside jokes , which only added to the pleasure of watching it . I thought the casting was perfect , too . Christopher Lloyd as Judge Doom was spot-on . If I could give this movie seven stars , I would.Now about the DVD format itself . The clarity of transfer is outstanding . However I do have one little beef about the formatting of the menu . I would have greatly preferred being able to go straight to a menu instead of having to wait for Benny the cab to go all over the place and then having to go three layers deep before being able to select from the menu . That old rather fast . I 'm not going to knock off a star for that , though . On its own the formatting would be two stars out of five.I highly recommend this movie for anyone who has any kind of a sense of humor . For those who do n't , I recommend this movie to develop one .
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is quite simply a most magical filmmaking experience . It 's a film that is truly brilliant in every way imaginable . From its plot , a brilliant homage to the great film noir thrillers of the 1940s ' , to the fantastic visuals , still impressive even today , to its smart , funny , fast paced script , `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is a truly timeless piece of cinema.Taking place in 1947 , Detective Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- is a hard boiled Hollywood private eye haunted by his past . He has gone from a well respected cop , to a brutal , booze swilling drunk . When Marvin Acme , owner of Acme Gag Factory and head of Toontown , is murdered , the prime suspect is Roger Rabbit -LRB- voiced by Charles Fleischer -RRB- , Toontown 's most famous star . Desparate to prove his innocence , Roger enlists Valiant for help , and manages to drive Valiant nuts . This does n't sit well with the power hungry Judge Doom -LRB- a frighteningly brilliant Christopher Lloyd -RRB- , who is intent on bringing Roger to justice . As Roger 's innocence becomes more apparent , so does Doom 's plot to destroy Toontown and turn it into a freeway -LRB- an homage to `` Chinatown '' -RRB- . It is up to Valiant and Roger to save Toontown from total chaos . Not that these two are working alone
 Well-deserved Oscars for Editing , Visual Effects , Sound Effects Editing , and Special Achievement -LRB- animation direction -RRB- recommend this delightful film , which combines live action and animation before CGI came into regular use . Watch for the beautifully realized details throughout . For example , the Toons have shadows , and when one is thrown against a venetian blind , it bends and makes the sound of somebody actually hitting a venetian blind . The interaction between live action and animation is so good , you quickly forget they 're not really together at all -- and much of the credit for such realistic `` interaction '' must go to live actor Bob Hoskins . There are a load of extras in this 2-disc package , including both fullscreen and widescreen versions , audio commentary , a deleted scene , and a very interesting `` before and after '' split-screen comparison with and without animation . This is a technical masterpiece and well worth seeing again and again .
 The Story of a Man , a Woman and a Rabbit in a triangle of trouble . The 1988 looney blockbuster classic starring Bob Hoskins as drunk Private Eye Eddie Valiant , Christopher Lloyd as sinister Judge Doom , Kathleen Turner as the voice of Roger 's knockout wife Jessica and Charles Fleischer as the voice of the title character Roger Rabbit . The First ever animation and live action combined movie . in 1947 Hollywood the story of Maroon Cartoon Star Roger Rabbit , a toon rabbit who acts for Maroon Studios , owned by R.K. Maroon and who framed for murder of toontown owner Marvin Acme by sinister Judge Doom . The Only Man who can help Roger is Private Eye Eddie Valiant , a drinking man who has n't help a toon since a toon killed his brother . Eddie protects Roger from Judge Doom and his toon weasels , Judge Doom is out for Roger and to get his hands on Toontown . This film is one of the greatest technological achievements in film history , imaginative , brilliant , incredible and funny , Two Big Thumbs way up . the Best movie of 1988 , one of the best of the decade and the 20th century . Roger and Jessica is the best toons since Mickey , Bugs and Bettie Boop . This is a great two disc DVD with lots of looney features . this film created Cool World and Space Jam , and it 's best of it 's kind . It 's imaginative how in our world toons are lined drawings that move and that we like believe are real , in this world their living walking talking lifeforms . I recommend this so you can see how animation and live action pregressed since Mary Poppins and Bednobs and broomsticks . bring Roger home and hide your DVD from the weasels if they 're looking for it . Hide Me Eddie plea-Please , I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way .
 I wo n't reiterate the story -LRB- you can get that from the editorial review -RRB- . I would like to highlight what makes this DVD etraordinary , what to look out for , and why you should consider buying it : - The packaging is very nice . Typical `` Vista Series '' Quality.-The extras are first rate . Something for everyone.-3 short Roger Rabbit films -LRB- that I never knew existed -RRB- are amazing.-Sound Quality is excellent . Maybe a notch bellow LOTR.-The menu is incredible . Spend 5 minutes just watching that . Good stuff.-Keep your eyes open . This is the who 's - who of Pre-50s cartoons.-The animation is of a rare quality . It 's style and quality rivals the High tech animation of today with a very soft feal to it.-Parents beware
 like the film itself , the vista series of WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is designed for the enjoyment of both children and adults alike . i was 11 years old when this movie was first released , and i remember being completely blown away by it . this movie only could have come from the 1980s ! the special effects would not have been possible previously , and there 's no way disney would allow all the cursing and violence if it were being made today . when i watched this dvd , i had not seen ROGER RABBIT since i was a kid . as an adult and avid movie fan , i was still completely blown away ! this movie is not only a technical achievement -LRB- no computers were used , all animation was hand drawn -RRB- but it succeeds on levels of creativity and entertainment as well . it really is a great flick.disc 1 is for the kiddies , it contains the full-frame version of the movie and a couple extras that briefly go over how the movie was made and so forth.disc 2 is for longtime fans and film buffs -LRB- the people dvds were made for in the first place -RRB- . it contains the widescreen version of the film , plus tons and tons of supplemental material on the making of the movie . through interviews , rough cuts , on-set footage and more , you get to see every stage of production and all the info you could ever want on what went into making such a visionary film . this disc is loaded and will not disappoint.WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is a classic because they just do n't make movies like this anymore . this is n't a children 's movie , it 's a movie period . it does n't insult the intelligence of its viewers and was n't made to cash in . it has withstood the test of time , because i loved it as a kid and now with this special edition , i can enjoy it on a whole new level as an adult . my kids can watch the first disc and be completely entertained as i was , then as they get older they can dip into disc 2 and who knows ? maybe they 'll be inspired to get out there and bring their imagination to life the way these filmmakers did .
 If you have n't seen Roger Rabbit , it 's probably because you were n't alive when this movie was first released in 1988 . An incredible live-action and animation combination , containing special effects never before attempted in any film , Roger Rabbit took the country by storm and became the must-see hit of the summer . But things were n't so rosy prior to it 's release . In fact , Robert Zemeckis claims people were literally walking out of the theater during the initial test screening.If there was ever a movie that could fill a DVD with extras , it would be this one . Unfortunately , the first DVD release of Roger Rabbit was woefully lacking of additional material . I was going to knock a star off in sympathy for the fans who have to buy this movie twice , but I notice Touchstone offers a five dollar rebate for the `` upgrade . '' So what do you get ? Well this edition contains two DVD 's containing Roger Rabbit in Fullscreen and Widescreen edition plus the following supplementary material :1 -RRB- A simultaneous split-screen before and after featurette of the scene where Eddie Valiant -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- falls off the skyscraper and meets Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse on the way down .2 -RRB- A deleted scene dubbed `` Pig Head '' where Eddie is captured by Toons and released with a giant pig head drawn over him . His only way out , a long shower with a bucket of turpentine to scrub off and wash his animated attachment down the drain .3 -RRB- A featurette explaining the use of plastic puppets as stand-ins for the animation and voice acting from Charles Fleischer -LRB- Roger Rabbit -RRB- and others to give the impression of realism Hoskins could use during filming . Hoskins even went to mime school to learn techniques that would give them impression of throwing 60lbs of weight around , for instance , when all he was doing was moving air . If the judges saw the amount of work Hoskins had go through in order to act and react to these invisible characters , he probably would 've won the best actor oscar for the year . Less understandable , is Fleischer 's odd insistence on wearing a Roger Rabbit costume throughout the taping . Lou Hirsch -LRB- the voice of Baby Herman -RRB- refused to wear a diaper .4 -RRB- A well done documentary of the making of Roger Rabbit including interviews with director Robert Zemeckis , Bob Hoskins , Charles Fleischer , and the animation and visual effects crew . Words and phrases like `` survivor , '' and `` hardest movie ever '' become commonplace . SFX house Industrial Light and Magic needed to create over 1000 visual effects shots for Roger Rabbit . Prior to this , the most they ever did was 300 for Return of the Jedi . Long before CGI animation became commonplace , all animation in Roger Rabbit was hand-drawn , right down to the individual frame and a good portion of the interview is devoted to the trials and tribulations the animators went through.Additional material includes the Roger Rabbit shorts that appeared in conjunction with other movies back in the 80 's , a DVD game , and a THX optimizer to help dial in your home theater system . The companion booklet is n't much , just brief descriptions of what 's on the different DVD 's , but you also get autographed headshots of Roger and Jessica Rabbit -LRB- total babe ! -RRB- The menus are intuitive -LRB- hosted by Benny the Cab -RRB- , but I could n't move up and down the different selections to pick my choice . I do n't know if it was a problem with my particular DVD player but the best I could do was select by number , which was problematic as the selections were n't numbered . In spite of this glitch , the `` Vista Series '' release of Roger Rabbit is a comprehensive collection for fans of the movie as well as movie-making in general . They got it right the second time around .
 Directed by Robert Zemeckis -LRB- Back to the Future , Forrest Gump , Castaway -RRB- , Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an eye-popping delight for kids and adults alike with it 's clever comedy , inventive animation and seamless cartoon interactions with the actors . Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd are great , and the combination of cartoonish humour creates a nuance that woks well . Alan Silversti 's lively score suits the film 's tone , using the same themes as Back to the Future yet bringing new `` cartoony '' music to the film . The brilliant combination of effortlessly clever humour and high-sprited fun make this one a superb classic.This `` special edition '' DVD is very dissapointing in the way of extras though , with no features of any kind , not even a trailer ! This could be forgiven if the sound and picture quality was n't so shoddy ! Thankfully , a re-release issue will be out later this year ...
 First off , allow me to correct a common mistake that was made by more than one reviewer here
 I love Roger Rabbit . Most of you have seen it at the movies or on VHS so I wont bore you with those details . Its still the same old movie . It does appear to have been censored from stories I have heard -- where you could freeze frame at certain points in the video and see clever things inserted by the animators . The reason for the 4 stars are a -RRB- There are no extra features at all b -RRB- The transfer production is not great . Looks like very little work was done on this movie to restore the video quality or upgrade the sound track . Its just VHS quality video and sound . There is no advantage over the VHS version except it may last a little longer . : - /
 Bob Hoskins , Christopher Lloyd and Joanna Cassidy starthis 1988 Robert Zemeckis comedy . A private detectivetries to solve a murder case involving a falsely accusedanimated rabbit . I 've always loved this film since I wasa kid and glad to have it on dvd . This 2-disc set hasnice picture and sound plus cool extras . I recommendthis fun comedy .
 this movie brings a blend of live action and amimation thanks to touchstone pictures and amblin entertaiment . the motion picture stars cartoon charecters from a crowd of studios like disney , warner bros , mgm , flesicher , and universal . charles fleischer plays roger rabbit , benny the cab , and weasels psycho and greasy . the other weasels are smart -LSB- butt -RSB- , stupid , and wheezy . the movie is about a 1940 , s private eye in hollywood 1947 who helps a rabbit clear his name of murder until a judge tries to kill him and his wife and trying to clear toontown but he melts which he proves that he had killed marvin acme , r.k maroon and valiant , s brother which invites all of the toons to the acme factory .
 This has been one of my favorite movies since I was little but I was wondering , exactly where do they censor it ? I got this DVD as a present and I hav n't been able to tell ...
 I do n't really know what to say about this movie , besides the fact that YOU DEFINITELY MUST SEE IT !
 I think this movie is the best ever ! How they put the toons and humans together just makes you think it was real ! I love this movie I watch it ALL the time ! You 'll really want this movie if you like toons !
 Zany , irreverent , and smart ! Along with the Back to the Future Trilogy and Death Becomes Her , this stands as one of the greatest films by director Robert Zemeckis . Roger Rabbit has more depth of character than expected . Christopher Lloyd offers a chilling portrait of cold-blooded justice gone insane , while Bob Hoskins offers a great straight - -LRB- hu -RRB- man performance opposite Roger . A pure joy to watch . Dump Gump and cut off Contact , this is Zemeckis at top form .
 ... movie critics . They said they were going to the same screening . I asked them what they 'd heard about the film . They said they were going to see it for the second time in two days . That 's the kind of word of mouth money ca n't buy.And `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is the kind of movie that gets made once in a blue moon , because it represents an immense challenge to the filmmakers
 `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' represents a breakthrough in film making . Though live action and animation had been mixed together before , it had never been done as well as it had here , thanks to the combined efforts of two excellent filmmakers -LRB- Robert Zemeckis and Steven Spielberg -RRB- . Add to that a top-notch script , and you 've got an excellent movie on your hands.The acting ca n't be faulted . Bob Hoskins does an excellent job as embittered , toon-hating private eye Eddie Valiant ... his New York accent is so convincing that you 'd never know he was hiding a strong Cockney accent behind it . Kathleen Turner does a great job as Jessica Rabbit -LRB- who fully deserves her status as sexiest cartoon character ever created -RRB- , as does Charles Fleischer as the title character . And Christopher Lloyd makes an excellent villain as the terrifying Judge Doom . There are also plenty of cameos from famous cartoon characters , such as Mickey Mouse , Bugs Bunny , Donald Duck , Goofy , Daffy Duck and Betty Boop . Many of them are voiced by the actors who used to voice them all those years , adding a real touch of authenticy to the movie.The plot is n't fabulously original . Cartoon character Roger Rabbit is framed for the murder of Toontown owner Marvin Acme , and he hires Eddie Valiant , who despite his hatred of toons -LRB- one murdered his brother years ago -RRB- agrees to take the case . It leads to the discovery that the whole of Toontown is in danger . Like I said , not fabulously original . But it 's made up by plenty of humour and excitement in the script , as well as some moments that were true classics -LRB- Donald Duck and Daffy Duck playing a duet on the piano is a great scene , as is the finale in which nearly every pre-1950s cartoon character puts in an appearance.The only thing that really lets this movie down for me is the large amount of anachronisms . The movie is set in 1947 , yet many cartoon characters from the 1950s and 1960s appear . But personally , the more the merrier I say . This is a great film , and well worth watching.However , a word of warning for parents ... in spite of what you might think , this is NOT a children 's movie . The plot centres around sex and death , and is also a tad too complicated for younger viewers -LRB- how many children know what getting set up means ? -RRB- . There are numerous double-entrendes and alcohol and sex references , and of course the inclusion of a cartoon sex symbol -LRB- Jessica Rabbit -RRB- . There 's also a fair bit of swearing -LRB- most of it is quite mild , but the word `` n * gger '' is used at one point early in the film -RRB- . So if you 're thinking of showing this to your children , I would think twice !
 * THE FABULOUS BASICS * When I first watched `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' the whole movie through about a week ago , I instantly loved it . The way real actors and actresses pretend to talk , argue , flirt , kiss , and interact with the animated drawings is astounding . The characters are wonderfully drawn , and their personalities -LRB- e.g. Roger 's silliness , Jessica 's slinkyness , Eddie 's sourness ... -RRB- explain them all too well . * THE MOVIE * This movie is about a grumpy detective -LRB- Eddie Valiant -RRB- who stumbles upon the case of his brother 's death . His beloved brother and long-time partner was killed by a Toon -LRB- cartoon -RRB- . There is a man -LRB- sorry I forgot his name , but he 's played by Christopher Lloyd -RRB- who is the bad guy of the movie , -LRB- you can tell by his long black jacket , dark glasses , evil look and black top hat -RRB- and is trying to tell everyone that Roger , a silly toon Rabbit is the culprit . Eddie runs into this Rabbit and Roger desperetley pleas innocent . Eddie starts to believe Roger and finds out who the real killer is . Throughout the movie , the audience meets many new characters . Some are listed below : * Jessica Rabbit - Roger 's voluptuous wife . She is a gorgeous woman with wits , looks , and to top it all off , that exaggerated body of her 's which seems to help make the movie rated PG . * Baby Herman - a wisecracking baby who may look like an infant cherrub , but is really a cigar-smoking tough guy . * Dolores - owns a cafe , helps Eddie with his case * Mr. Acme - You know that in all of the Warner Brother cartoons the supplies such as TNT , instant black holes and invisible ink all are labeled `` ACME '' , well , this is the man who invented all of these supplies . He is a plump , dough faced man who loves a good trick.This movie is one that belongs in your classic collection , and you wo n't ever forget this lovable film for the whole family !!!
 WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT ? is a highpoint in cinema history with its seemless combination of live action and animation . It is probably THE film that ushered in a rennaissance of animation back to filmaking and reintroduced some classic cartoon characters to the filmgoing public . Too bad there was nothing special done with the DVD release . There is nothing here except the film and little else . Perhaps the studio is going to release an anniversary special edition because it is currently not available . In any case , the film itself receives 5 stars because of story , direction , acting , and technical merits . However , the DVD itself receives zero stars because there are no bells and whistles . Great performance from Bob Hoskins as Private Eye Eddie Valiant who is hired by an animation studio head boss , R.K. Maroon of Maroon Studios , to tail the wife of their biggest star Roger Rabbit and stumbles upon a murder mystery and a plot to destroy Toonsville where all animated characters live . Great supporting cast with the late Stubby Kaye -LRB- GUYS AND DOLLS -RRB- , Joanna Cassidy , Christopher Lloyed , and voice work from Kathleen Turner as Jessica Rabbit , and Charles Fleischer as Roger Rabbit . Then , of course , the appearance of all those famous cartoon characters from every major studio of the era in the same film was magic in itself !! -LRB- Bugs Bunny , Micky Mouse , Daffy Duck , Donald Duck , Dumbo , Droopy , Betty Boop etc. . - - suspiciously missing Tom and Jerry ? -RRB-
 At the end of the movie , their is the Roger Rabbit short Tummy Trouble -LRB- Amazon.com sells the other two shorts on VHS -RRB- I noticed that the entire cartoon was discolored slightly . If this is what `` Digital Restoration '' is than I want no part of it . They take the crisp , sharp colors and dull them down ! does this make any sence ?
 I first bought this film when it came out on VHS . I had n't seen it in many years.Wish it was out in Blue-ray . A fun film on a rainy day ! It got here quick . Keeps little children still !!! Thanks , Buck
 Bob Hoskins is perfect in the role of Eddie . Christopher Lloyd is always good in anything he does . Can anyone have a more sultry voice than Kathleen Turner -LRB- i.e. BODY HEAT -RRB- . But , please do not mistake this movie for a children 's cartoon .
 Great movie . You can tell that the movie filmed does n't support the HD quality so I would n't bother with the HD unless your player only allows it .5 stars for the movie , 2.5 stars for being in HD .
 It is a fantastic , hillarious movie . The actors in it were fantastic in their actions . The most funniest movie I have ever seen .
 I can watch this movie over and over again . I think my kids are sick of it after the 100th time watching it , but I am not
 This is a classic that still stands the test of time . Was able to show this to my 14 year olds and they loved very minute of it .
 I had an instant video credit and decided to use it on this movie . And I 'm glad I did ! I forgot how great this movie is . It 's so fun to see all your favorite cartoons together . Even more , this movie was a good deal . I had also never watched a video on amazon instant video . I love it ! Their player is really user-friendly , and the video is stored right there for future viewing . Overall , great experience !
 Great older movie a must see for all familys , and now on dvd instead of VHS . good cartoon and live graffics
 This DVD is in excellent condition . The order was processed quickly , I received this in time for my son for Christmas . It 's an old family favorite that we previously had on VHS .
 Yes , I was really pleased , arrived in a timely manner and was just as I expected.I will have no problem buying from them in the future.thank you
 It 's good to see how well this `` antiquated '' movie translated to dvd ! Compared to the newer high tech movies Roger Rabbit still stands up and entertains with beautiful picture and sound . There are numerous extras that make you feel like you 've entered the action including : Who Made Roger Rabbit - a mini - documentary hosted by by Charles Fleisher the voice of RogerThe `` Trouble in Toontown '' GameAudio Commentary with the filmakers `` Toontown Confidential '' an intriquing & hilarious facts and trivia viewing optionAnd so many more options!The movie is rated PG for some `` Human '' cussing . If you 're disappointed about the toon Jessica Rabbit 's bare breast scene being edited out , you should get a life and protest more important things going on in the world.The Vista Series Edition of Roger Rabbit was a delight and I 'm happy with this purchase . My five year old realizes that the few swear words are inappropriate and the `` fantasy violence '' to be politically correct is n't real and is n't the correct way to act . . Overall I think RR was a top notch movie and was meant for DVD.JOHN ROW
 This beloved 1988 fantasy masterpiece from Robert Zemeckis is set in 1949 Hollywood where Toons blend in with reality among humans . A popular cartoon Rabbit has been accused of murder , a hard boiled detective -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- who hates toons helps him find the real murderer behind the murder . This movie is a very entertaining and brilliant motion picture landmark that uses great special effects and sensentational acting abound.The new Vista DVD is just great ! the old one did n't had extras , but this one is chock-full of extras such as Audio Commentary , Widescreen and Fullscreen presentations , The original Roger Rabbit shorts , Poster Gallery , Design gallery , Documentaries and more plus a special easter egg on Disc 1 where you keep on going down to the down point on the menu to find the original theatrical trailer . So if your a fan of animation or loves this movie , buy it on this DVD and throw away your old DVD .
 I am so glad to see that this movie finally got the treatment it deserved on DVD !!! The transfer is beautiful , the sound quality is fantastic , and the extras are great and fun ! My kids have now started to enjoy this movie , and I still never get tired of seeing it , even though I 've been watching it regularly since it was in theaters over 10 years ago ! I higly recommend this wonderful movie !
 Amongst the numerous all-time favorite classics of mines , 1988 's `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' stands out brightly against almost every other all-time favorite movie of mines . The reason `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' stands out in this case is not only is it fun , but brilliantly joins together two separate worlds , the real world , and the toon universe in such a brilliant way , there 's no way one can resist loving every moment of this classic.The plot revolves around a humorless and even cold-hearted ACME detective named Eddie Valiant -LRB- Played by Bob Hoskins -RRB- who is on a case to investigate the murder of toon president Marvin Acme and also the killing of his brother by a ` toon ' which has embittered Eddie against associating with the toon world . Unfortunately for him , much to Valiant 's disgust , he is sought after for help by a toon who is one the run , being considered the prime suspect but the truth is , a criminal crime lord named Judge Doom -LRB- Played by Christopher Lloyd -RRB- is the one who is responsible for the murders of Marvin Acme and also of Eddie 's brother and not only that , Doom is on a spree to take over toon town , destroy the ` caf&eacute; district ' and replace it with a super freeway , jammed with smog-generating traffic , & lined with gas stations , billboards , and giant strip malls ` as far as the eye can see ' . Now with the help of the twitchy Roger Rabbit , Detective Valiant is now on the case to foil the evil Judge Dooms plans , and save both the ` real ' world , and the toon universe from his malicious ambitions.I just do n't know where to begin to explain the high level of brilliant casting and great plot that propels this already great movie to unforgettable classic status . Each of the two separate worlds , the ` real ' world , and the toon world , are just in a chaotic state of fun as Roger Rabbit and his sidekick/nemesis team up in their fight against their common enemy Judge Doom and his ` toon ' thugs and to find out who is/was responsible for the murders of Marvin Acme and Eddie Valiant 's brother . From here , it 's an incredibly wild and often hilarious ride as they go on their mission to stop Doom from being able to take over the toon world and build his ` superfreeway ' and urban sprawl ` as far as the eye can see ' and turning the toon world into a giant , smog-ridden suburb.Christopher Lloyd 's eccentric personality reaches it 's peak with his awesome and chillingly funny role as the main villain Judge Doom.From what I 'm guessing is that those who were involved in the making of this classic went through painstakingly hard work , drawing over 840 , 000 animation cels to create the characters and then they were eventually incorporated into the live action shoots and voila ! You have a brilliant yet laugh-inducing classic . I do n't know about you but the crew must have had lots of fun making this movie . In the end , it all results in an amazing and extremely hilarious classic for the ages . `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' is one of the best movies that 1988 produced . Not only does it bring lots and lots of laughs but combines the humor with a mix of brainless but intelligent dialogue and outstanding storylines .
 After BACK TO THE FUTURE , Robert Zemeckis proved once again to be among the best directors in the business . WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is one of those films that defines the word `` classic '' , and if not , it certainly comes close . The whole idea is ingenius ! Get this ... Hollywood , 1947
 I like this movie because it 's ... Well it 's not like just any other movie . I must say they did a wonderful job of making this DVD , and I like all the special features like the standard/wide screens versions and the trivia questions , and the surround sounds is just out of this world . If you like movies and cartoons combo , you will love this .
 I originally saw previews & working scenes for the upcoming ` Who Framed Roger Rabbit ' waaaay back in late 1984 . This was on a ` Disney channel ' special & the next 4 years had me curious of WHAT it would be like . Finally , in June 1988 , it was released and the ` classic animation boom ' trend had begun -LSB- leaving us with shows like ` The Simpsons ' & numerous ` Hanna-Barbera ' ` Disney ' & other ` revival ' cartoons in it 's wake -RSB- . OK , I 'll shut-up now about the origin & history trivia . -LSB- :--RRB- -RSB- The 1989 VHS release was nice , but WOW ! -- This 2 DVD set is movie-release marketing AT IT 'S BEST ! Not just having two versions of the film -LSB- full frame & letter box -RSB- but all the extra 's ! I wo n't list them since all my fellow ` Roger ' enthusiasts have already done a great job ! Having ` Benny the Cab ' take YOU on a tour of the town & studio is also weird & hilarious ! It 's really cool to see the infamous ` deleted Pig-Head scene ' also -LSB- previously only known to us who bought ` art-books ' etc. on this subject -RSB- . The ` tunnel ' into ` Toon Town ' is also more recognizable in THIS scene -LSB- I always wondered where it was filmed ! -RSB- and is clearly the small ` tunnel ' in Griffith Park , Hollywood Hills . -LSB- Unfortunately the tunnel in ` real life ' does n't take you to ` Toon Town ' , but the other side of the ` Observatory entrance ' AND it is n't a mile long ! ... aww gee-wiz ! -RSB- As another reviewer said , this film won several awards AND was a huge hit at the box office back then -- which caused me to hope they 'd make a ` sequel ' , but never did . After seeing the interviews with the people who made the film , one of them -LSB- sorry , I forgot his name -RSB- said how ` difficult ' it was to make , so I guess that answers MY question ! -LSB- :--RRB- -RSB- Anyway , this is a VERY NICE home video release . Hollywood owes most of it 's fame to great films like THIS one !
 Animated movies have continued to improve successively with each passing year culminating with entire movies composed only of computer graphics.Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an exceptional fusion of live action and animation that helped break the mold . The continuity of the scenes are so fluid that you ca n't distinguish the seperation of the live from the animated . There are no computer graphics whatsoever and all the animation is hand drawn which is pretty incredible.If you 're one of the viewers , like myself , who opted to avoid the first release of this movie on DVD for something better , then you know that the Vista Series release is something special and a wonderful 2 disc set at a great price.Split between one disc for children and families and one disc for special feature enthusiasts , there is enough material here to keep everyone pleased for hours . The demonstrations of the melding technique of live action and animation is especially interesting.The movie itself is vibrantly colorful and crystal clear . DTS surround sound is superb and compliments the whole experience . Filled with great humor from start to finish and a huge cast of cartoon characters from all genre 's past and present , this movie is a top-notch crowd pleaser all around . This is a great addition to any DVD collection and comes highly recommended to all .
 Eddie Valient -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- has a case and he 's teamed up with Roger Rabbit ! Roger is wanted for the murder of Marvin Acme the owner of Toon Town . Eddie does n't much like Toons cause a Toon killed his brother . As the movie goes on , Eddie starts to like Roger and his zany ways . This ground-breaking movie won 4 awards , including Best Visual Effects .
 As soon as you open the `` briefcase '' of the new Vista Series Roger Rabbit , you can tell it is going to be a first class adventure . Everything about this set is all about fun . Hours and hours of fun , from the multitude of extras on both discs , down to all the menus and insulting cab comments . I have n't seen the previous DVD version of this , so I ca n't compare the two . I can say however , that this is a much better and more enjoyable presentation than the special edition CAV Laserdisc -LRB- even as nice as that was -RRB- . The picture looks great , the 5.1 mix is great , you have more choices of how to spend your time with this set than a barrel full of weasels . You really could n't ask for much more . I wish all DVD releases had this much thought and effort put into them.I wo n't go into a review of the film , there are plenty of those already . I 've loved it since it first jumped from the cinema screens . I still love it today . Even as good as computer art has become , there is a special magic sometimes from brush and ink that ca n't be replaced . Adding in the incredible live action interactions makes Roger hard to top . This film will live on long after the next `` new and improved '' way comes along to put toons to film.This Roger is a winner all the way around , spread the word ... ppllppllpplleeeeeaaaaaasssse !
 This is a good movie . It was very funny and unfornutally the last thing Mel Blanc ever did but all good things have to come to an end sometime . As I said in my review for the Golden Collection of the Looney Tunes I was watching Space Jam with my brother and his wife and made the remark that it wouldve been better if Mel Blanc was still alive and then to my shock and surprise my brother explained to his wife who he was . I didnt know there was anyone around who didnt know who Mel Blanc was . Anyway this is a funny movie and you should get it .
 As of today , there are many live action/animation movies out there . But none can match the sheer brilliance of ` Roger Rabbit ' . Even with all the new technology we have today , ` Roger Rabbit ' still surpasses them . I do n't know if it 's lack of really good story telling or the lack of really good actors . -LRB- Perhaps a little of both ? -RRB- Made in the 80 's and set in the 40 's , ` Roger Rabbit ' drew you in and for a couple of hours , could make you suspend belief . From live action to the animation , these perfect cast of actors portrayed their characters in a seamless fashion . They actually made you believe we could interact with these animated characters ; characters that we are very familiar with such as Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny and many other Looney Tunes and Disney characters . This movie dealt with the scandals of Hollywood while cleverly mixing in genius animation , making it a classic for any one , young or old , to enjoy.Who does n't love that goofy Roger Rabbit , who was able to win over the gorgeous Jessica -LRB- and even the heart of that ` sour-puss ' , Eddie Valiant -RRB- ? I 've seen quite a few 1 star ratings , not for the movie but the DVD . People , if you have a problem with the DVD , contact the seller or the manufacturer . These reviews and ratings are strictly for how you felt about the movie , not the package it came in . If you loved it that much , give the movie its rightful stars .
 i love who framed roger rabbit a lot . this movie is about this detective helping this toon out with wife . next thing you know the law is after them and they are on the good team . i will not tell you any more just watch this movie . this is probably one of the only movies to have characters from Disney , paramount and Warner brothers .
 I love this movie !! I have a client who wanted to share this movie with his nieces and nephews and could n't find it anywhere . I got on my computer and within minutes ordered a copy for him to share . These children were thrilled and loved the movie !!
 WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT is a funny cool movie ... I 've seem this movie more than 10 times , and it still gives me a smile ... this movie is a groundbreaker for the movies that mix real characters and cartoons together ... By the time this came out , the special effects of this movie were from another planet !!! REALLY LOVE THIS MOVIE !!!!! SEE YA !
 The item was amazing ! I loved it so much because I could not find it anywhere else . I recieved the item in two days without paying next day shipping . Overall , it was great .
 This is a fun movie to watch with the whole family.My husband has wanted this movie for sometime , I was glad that I was able to find it .
 My sister and I have loved this movie since we were children and watched the VHS copy we had over and over again so when her birthday recently came up , I knew exactly what to get her -LRB- and could n't believe I had n't thought of it before ! -RRB- . The dvd came in a timely manner and the packaging was unharmed . She was thrilled when she unwrapped it and we 've already had a sister movie night and watched and laughed along just like we used to : -RRB-
 This movie has been a long-time favorite with both my children and now their children . While the language can be a little rough for small children , in retrospect it is no worse , and probably tamer , than what they hear at school.I would definitely like to see this movie in a Blu-Ray version . The graphics would be that much better . A great story with an enduring quality , especially for those of us with Southern California roots .
 now that i have lot of grands i keep them occupied with good movies like this one . . I still monitor what they watch so this is how i do it . . i buy the movies and place them on the shelf to keep them off of the idiot box ...
 Would you travel thousands of miles from Mongolia to America to save the lives of your children ? Would you travel countless miles to bring someone with different cultures to save their lives ? Or would you travel many miles to save those lives of children that are patiently waiting for an open-heart surgery for the need to survive ? Well , that is exactly what 3 families from Mongolia did . In fact , 2 teenage boys and one 6-year-old girl along with their families join Cissie Graham Lynch -LRB- granddaughter of Billy Graham -RRB- , a Texas family , a network of doctors and the staff of The Children 's Heart Project -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to help them survive . The Children 's Heart Project , a 501c .3 non-profit organization , seeks children with heart deficiencies in Mongolia , Uganda , Honduras , Bolivia , Kosovo , and Bosnia . These families in many parts of these countries have no local support or the government lacks the medical technology to facilitate an open-heart surgery . Their hope is The Children 's Heart Project -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . In this documentary , 3 children are brought to America by a Texas family and project director of Children 's Heart Project to Methodist Children 's Hospital in San Antonio , Texas . With the help of the local church community , the host families and the medical staff , these children were given a second chance to life . In the end , these families go back home with not just another chance at life . But they have a chance in believing in Christ . This is a wonderful family movie that can provide so many life lessons for all ages . It is an amazing film to share with those that are believers of Jesus and those that are not . Actually , it is an inspirational film to share about humanity , humility , and hope.I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own .
 Each year over 1 million children are born with congenital heart defects ... most of these children live in areas where surgery is not an option . That 's where The Children 's Heart Project -LRB- CHP -RRB- , a ministry of Samaritan 's Purse , comes in . CHP works with top-quality hospitals to provide surgery to children who live in countries where the medical expertise and equipment are not available . Since 1997 , CHP has arranged life-saving operations for more than 800 children from Bosnia , Kosovo , Honduras , Uganda , Mongolia , and Bolivia . * The documentary `` Three Hearts '' chronicles the amazing journey of three children from Mongolia all who were born with a heart condition known as tetralogy of fallot , a condition that is fatal by age twenty if not corrected . At the outset of the documentary , I was n't all that sure I would like it as it begins with Cissie Graham Lynch 's internship , and struggles to balance her role as intern and new wife . That all changed , however , when we 're introduced to a Texas family -LRB- the son of whom had heart surgery as a young boy -RRB- who were invited to travel to Mongolia and escort the three children -LRB- Otga , 16 , Uunga , 18 , and Toggie , 3 -RRB- and their mothers to San Antonio , Texas , for operations.Click the link for Garrett 's story
 I was born with a rare congenital heart defect called Ebstein 's anomaly . Thankfully , my case is fairly mild and I 'm blessed to have access to quality healthcare to monitor my condition . I also have a cousin and a close childhood friend who were born with heart defects . Like me , they have both benefitted from the medical technology we have available in this country.Many , many children are not as blessed . Every year , there are over 1 million babies born with congenital heart disease worldwide . Most of these children live in countries where surgery is not an option . These children are the reason for the Children 's Heart Project -LRB- CHP -RRB- , a ministry of Samaritan 's Purse . Since 1997 , CHP has arranged life-saving operations for more than 800 children from Bosnia , Kosovo , Honduras , Uganda , Mongolia , and Bolivia . Currently , over 200 more children have been identified and placed on a waiting list . These children , along with a parent and translator , are flown to the United States to have surgery in top-quality hospitals across the country . Surgeons and medical facilities donate their time , expertise , and equipment . Host families provide a place for these children to stay and offer support and encouragement through the whole process.Cissy Graham Lynch , granddaughter of Billy Graham and daughter of Franklin Graham , recently made a documentary telling the story of three children from Mongolia who were brought to San Antonio , Texas for surgery . I was blessed to have the opportunity to review this DVD , Three Hearts , for publisher Thomas Nelson.I have to admit I was n't sure I was going to like the movie at first . In the beginning , it seemed to focus on Cissy 's internship with CHP and her schedule conflicts . But as soon as the team traveled to Mongolia to meet and bring back three-year old Toggie and teenagers Otga and Uugna , I was hooked ! All three suffered from tetralogy of fallot , a condition that is most often corrected in infancy and is usually fatal by age twenty if left untreated . The two boys , ages sixteen and eighteen , had been unable to attend school because of their condition , and the stress on their hearts over the years meant time was running particularly short for them.I was completely drawn into the stories of these three young people who were in what appeared to be a hopeless situation . And yet through CHP , they were given the opportunity for not only physical healing , but spiritual wholeness as well . Watching the interaction and the deep bonds that formed between the doctors , host families , and the children and their parents was incredible . The host families , medical professionals , and others involved were just as deeply impacted as the children and their families I think!The tension I felt as I waited to see the outcome of each child 's surgery was intense . My heart broke for Toggie 's mother as I watched her hand her sweet baby over to be taken back for surgery . I ca n't imagine being halfway around the world from my husband and having to go through that . My heart was filled with joy as I watched Otga and Uugna wake up and realize that they had pink lips , fingers and toes rather than blue ! I was moved to both laughter and tears more times than I can count.My kids ' reactions were similar . They were immersed in the story . The movie has spurred great discussion in our family and motivated every one of us to support the Children 's Heart Project in any way we can.I know that my fumbling attempt to put words to the effect this movie has are not doing it justice . Please get your hands on a copy of Three Hearts and watch it ! It 's a wonderful movie to watch as a family or with your bible study group or Sunday School class . Watch it as a group and then pray for the project and children and discuss how you can join forces to support CHP in their efforts.As I was gathering information for this review , I came across updates on two of the three children since their surgery . Sixteen-year-old Otga , now nineteen , and his mother , led fifteen family members to Christ . They started a nomadic church that currently has thirty members . Otga works at Children 's Heart Project Heart Camp in Mongolia and is finally learning to read!Reading that Uugna passed away just last month , nearly four years after his surgery , hit me like a ton of bricks . Please pray for his family as they adjust to life without him . He spent the last four years of his life proclaiming God 's Word to his family and friends , and expressed the desire to bring glory to God until his final moments on earth.I could n't find any information on adorable three-year-old Toggie , but her beautiful face adorns the cover photo on the Children 's Heart Project Facebook page.The Children 's Heart Project is worthy of support . Please visit their website to learn more , pray for all those involved , and prayerfully consider financially supporting them if possible . If you live in a city that needs host families , maybe God would lead you to consider hosting a child traveling here for surgery.Thank you so much to Thomas Nelson for providing me with a copy of the Three Hearts documentary to review and share with others ! This movie has the potential to have a tremendous impact for good .
 This documentary really pulls on the hearts strings . Billy Graham 's granddaughter , Cissie Lynch , does an internship with Samaritan 's Purse program `` Children 's Heart Project . '' I did n't know Samaritan 's Purse had other programs ! This project is not only providing medical attention to these children who ca n't get it in their own country , but they are providing the spiritual aspect as well . These patients and their families get to hear about Jesus ! We need to keep these families and this program in our prayers . This is a project I can support ! Very inspiring video !
 This is a great documentary about the work Samaritan 's Purse is doing in a project called `` Children s Heart Project . '' Over 200 children are waiting heart surgery through Children s Heart Project . This is the story of 3 children 2 teenage boys and a little girl and their stories.I love that in this film they are not only concerned about meeting the physical needs of these families but are also concerned about their Spiritual needs as well . My favorite part of this whole movie was when the Dr said something to the fact that he was not the healer God is.This film was encouraging to see the heart of Missions that Samaritan 's Purse is doing . I would recommend this Movie . I think it would also be great for older children and teens to see.Movie was received from the Publisher for my honest review .
 Graduating college senior , Cissie Graham Lynch , granddaughter of evangelist Billy Graham , takes on an internship at Samaritan 's Purse working with the Children 's Heart Project . Through this organization , Mongolian children with congenital heart defects are brought to the US for lifesaving treatment they can not receive in their own country . There are obstacles they must overcome in the process , and because it is real life , everything does not go as planned . But it is a beautiful story of an organization making a difference in the world , of people giving and serving and sacrificing so others may find wholeness . And not only physical wholeness , but the good news of Jesus Christ is also shared with these families , changing there lives for eternity . It was great to learn more about one of the many other things that Samaritans Purse does -LRB- other than shoeboxes -RRB- to share the love of Christ with the world.I received this DVD through Booksneeze , a blogger review program , in exchange for my honest review .
 Three Hearts -LRB- dvd -RRB- Samaritan 's PurseStarring Cissie GrahamFebruary 2012Following in the footsteps of two inspirational greats , Billy and Franklin Graham , Cissie Lynch -LRB- granddaughter and daughter -RRB- , embarks on an exciting journey in hopes of saving lives . Signing on as an intern with the Children 's Heart Project , she is given the opportunity to bring three children to the United States , from Mongolia , for much needed heart surgeries.Cissie is also newly married . Trying to learn the part of being a new wife , while juggling a new internship that 's very close to her heart proves to be challenging , as she finds her trip to Mongolia coinciding with her NFL husband 's draft and relocation.Having made a tough decision on which road she will take , a very fortunate family will get the chance of a lifetime to fill her shoes.Stuffed with hope and new beginnings , watch as three children and their families are given much more than new life here on Earth . And see how it 's not just those given a new heart who 's lives are radically changed in the process.Great DVD ! This will tug at your heart strings and build your faith . Witnessing the miraculous surgeries that provide a better life for these children will make you want to applaud . Seeing mothers , who have never known Jesus , choose Him , will make you cry . I believe I liked everything about this , except the music . -LRB- Just does n't happen to be my favorite genre ... Which of course will vary for everyone watching -RRB- Definitely recommend.I also post all my reviews on my personal blog , oneoceandreamer@blogspot.com and Bookgateway.comThis book was provided by the publisher , for review .
 I recently had the pleasure of reviewing the DVD Three Hearts . Cissie Graham Lynch , granddaughter of Billy Graham , takes on an internship with the Children 's Heart Project through Samaritan 's Purse . Through this DVD you share in Cissie 's journey to help bring three Mongolian children to America for surgery to repair deadly congenital heart defects.This is such a moving DVD that will touch the hearts of all who watch it . I was moved to tears as I watched these families on their journey . This is such a good cause . Not only are they saving the lives of children who can not receive the medical help they need in their country , they are sharing with them the wonderful news of Jesus Christ . Lives are definitely being changed through the Children 's Heart Project and this video does a great job of informing audiences of their work . ** This video was given to me by booksneeze in exchange for my honest opinion .
 Living outside of San Antonio and having friends involved in this project , I remember these kids being here and having prayed for them . I was not expecting to ever see the inside of the stories unfold . My heart is changed forever . Watching the anguish and the joy of these families who are trusting that these Americans are going to heal their children is overwhelming . The beautiful hospitality of the people who opened their homes to these families was deeply inspiring . Their faith in Christ is shown in this remarkable way that leads these Buddhist families to trust in Jesus Christ and to trust and thank Him . I can not recommend this to you enough . Please watch it . Be challenged from your complacency and moved to heal the broken hearted . Be warned . If you are a parent , this will make you want to go to your children and embrace them.This dvd was graciously provided by Thomas Nelson Publishers for review .
 A joyfest from start to finish ! Billy Graham 's granddaughter Cissie Graham Lynch was co-host with another woman . Together they led the charge to bring two boys from Mongolia to America for heart surgery -LRB- and to share Jesus Christ . -RRB- However , both ladies in the spirit of `` ask and you shall receive '' asked for a third child to have the blessing of having her broken heart healed.The third child was clearly my favorite ! She was a little girl with a huge amount of energy . My favorite scene in the DVD was when she saw running water for the first time . She stood on a little child 's stool and just kept splashing water on her face over and over . I will never forget seeing the joy on her face . Childlike innocence is something we all need more of and so to take that in was beyond words!I was informed that these three mothers according to Buddhist culture , were generally an unemotional group . That was the case when the film first showed the family in Mongolia when they were picking up the children to bring them to America . However , when everyone returned to Mongolia , emotions flew off the screen and could have hit me smack in the face . What changed was not only the physically healed hearts , but the hearts and souls of the mothers and two sons . They accepted Jesus as a result of living with the host families and seeing the host families living their lives for Jesus . I truly did applaud as Jesus was shared not only in Word but in deed as well . That leading by examples speaks volumes and all five of the Mongolians got it . They were not forced into leaving their Buddhist idols and culture , but clearly the Holy Spirit pulled all of their heart strings . A lovefest!Interesting scenes were Mongolian bowling , Buddhist idols -LRB- in what looked like a dollhouse . -RRB- Also all the mothers felt their children were `` glowing `` and happy just before going into surgery . I smiled because I wondered if they realized part of that happiness may have been the anesthesia . But God used a donkey , so we know the peace they had in their children being happy before surgery may have helped them to trust God and the people surrounding them . The Mongolians went to America because they had nowhere else to turn . In the end , their children were healed and they returned to their native land with a newfound faith.Criticisms I had which were minor . I am not particularly fond of subtitles . I know there was a need for subtitles throughout this film , but I would have appreciated the scenes shot in Mongolia to be a bit slower . I say this because I was intriqued by the culture and the surroundings and I found myself a bit frustrated trying to read all the subtitles and see the people and the background . Being a perfectionist at heart , I could not help but notice there was a fly on the camera lense in the lawnmoving scene . I know that is really being picky , but I was watching the film on my back patio and I started to get up to swat my flat screen -LRB- smile . -RRB- God 's humor is always unexpected!I can not speak highly enough about Three Hearts ! I have so many friends I plan on lending this annointed surprise . The joy I experienced was inexplicable . Three Hearts is a treasure!Disclosure of Material Connection
 Follow the live of Cissie Graham Lynch -LRB- Billy Grahams granddaughter -RRB- and the Children 's Heart Project on their quest to bring help and hope to three young mongolian children and their families . Born with deadly congenital heart defects , these little ones could not otherwise receive the aide they desperately need . Watch in awe how Cissie and a young Texas family go to Mongolia to retrieve the children and fly them to a high tech hospital in San Antonio . This team sacrifices their time and own families to do God 's work . This is an inspirational story which demonstrates the charity of God and the rewards of selflessness and determination . This movie makes us take a deeper look at ourselves as Christians . I found myself wondering how far would I go to save a life ? Would I be able to give up the comforts of my home and family ? Perhaps Billy Graham says it best ' `` I am very proud of how God has used my granddaughter Cissie to show the love of Jesus Christ to hurting children through this ministry ' '' . I received this dvd with the bonus features from Booksneeze in return for my honest thoughts . A Must See !
 If you are looking to watch a family-friendly , heart-tugging , thought provoking movie that addresses the work of the Children 's Heart Project in Kurdistan , then you must watch Three Hearts.This DVD had me in tears more than once as I observed the life and challenges that Cissie Graham Lynch faces in her work with Children 's Heart Project . It is a beautiful journey of what happens when we follow God 's plan for our life , not our own . The DVD is a wonderful look at how children are assessed , and chosen to have their life-saving/changing surgeries in the United States . It is a great way to learn about an organization before you support it . T learn what needs are most urgent and how individuals , groups and church can rally to help this organization and the children both . A real eye-opener to be sure.I highly recommend this DVD and give it a huge thumbs up .
 If you have a heart for children , a heart for missions , or just a compassionate heart , you will want to see Three Hearts . This DVD is the story of three children from Mongolia that are brought to the United States by the Children 's Heart Project for life saving surgeries . The story is presented by Samaritan 's Purse and starts Cissie Graham Lynch . You will learn more the Children 's Heart Project and what it really does.More than that you will meet these three children and their families . You will see what a vast difference this makes in their lives not only physically but mentally , emotionally , and spiritually . Each of their stories is unique . They are all from Mongolia but are different ages , come from different family situations , and different parts of Mongolia . Their personalities are unique and you will fall in love with each one . A family from Texas , who has a little boy that has had heart surgery , flies to Mongolia to accompany the children and their mothers back to San Antonio . You will also meet two host families that care for the Monoglian families while they are in the US.I tuned into this video to see how the hearts of three children were transformed , but my heart was transformed . It is amazing to see and hear about the differences in medical care available in a place like Mongolia . We need that reminder often . I smiled through tears as these families were changed forever not only by surgery but also by experiencing the love of Christ for the very first time . I held my breath with the mothers as they waited to hear the results of the surgeries . This 98 minutes of your time is more than worth it.I received this DVD through Booksneeze for the purpose of this review . All opinions are my own and I was not required to write a positive review .
 Thursday , March 8 , 2012DVD Review
 For years my family has participated in Operation Christmas Child , gathering candy and toys in shoeboxes that are sent to many countries around the world at Christmastime . Operation Christmas Child is an outreach ministry of Samaritan 's Purse , whose CEO is Franklin Graham , son of Billy Graham . To be honest , it was only recently that I learned that Samaritan 's Purse does much more than deliver some goodies once a year . While Christmas shoeboxes are a lot of fun and a great way to reach out to children all around the world , Samaritan 's Purse is also involved in several very tangible life-saving efforts , including one called the Children 's Heart Project.Children 's Heart Project gives children born in other countries a chance at life , literally . By connecting very medically fragile children needing heart surgery with specialized cardiologists in America , Children 's Heart Project is touching lives in very special ways . The surgeons and hospitals volunteer their time while Samaritan 's Purse handles the extremely complicated logistics of getting the children to America . Most of the expenses are covered by donations and the results are extremely impressive.Following through one Children 's Heart Project process from start to finish , the movie Three Hearts is a moving documentary that tells the story of three kids who never had a chance , just because of where they were born . This is a movie that just might change your life forever as you see how people can work together to save lives.The three children profiled in Three Hearts all live in Mongolia . While one child lives in the capital of Ulaanbaator , the other two children live in very rural areas of the Gobi desert . Seeing Mongolia in this movie was very insightful . It was so interesting to see how one family survives as camel farmers . It was heartbreaking to see how rudimentary the best hospital in the country really actually is.With no chance of having their heart defects repaired in their homeland , Samaritan 's Purse arranges for each child and their mother to travel to Texas . Volunteers are sent to Mongolia to escort the families to the USA . Interpreters and doctors are also along on the journey . Once in America , the Mongolians are greeted by host families who have opened their homes and lives to these strangers for up to 7 weeks . Just from a logistics standpoint , it 's very impressive to see how this whole process happens.For the most part , this movie is all about unsung heroes . From the Mongolian children themselves to the loving nurses who tend to their medical needs , this movie is the story of strangers coming together to accomplish something really big and wonderful . One exception to this is the occasional appearance of Billy Graham 's granddaughter , Cissie Graham Lynch . Her appearances in this film are brief and fleeting . In fact , the oddest moment of the film occurs when the scenes shift quickly from the mothers waiting in Mongolia to hear if their children will be chosen for surgery while at the same time Cissie and her husband are waiting around on a fishing boat and near a swimming pool to see if Cissie 's husband will be picked up in the NFL draft . The contrast between Mongolia and the NFL draft was confusing and quite frankly made Cissie and her family appear very petty . Cissie does appear later in the film in the hospital and returning with the families to Mongolia , however she is never the star of the film as much as the three Mongolian kids.Christianity is a large central part of this movie . While in America to repair the physical heart problems these children face , the host families also focus on bringing the gospel message to these families . Towards the end of this journey , all three mothers and the two older children accept Jesus and are baptized before returning home to Mongolia . This film would be great film for a church group 's film night.If you are very squeamish , be warned that a small portion of this film occurs inside the operating room . The video shows the heart being stopped and being started again . It is not overly graphic , but it is true surgery footage.Children 's Heart Project currently has 200 + children on a waiting list . Without life-saving heart surgery , these children will all die early deaths . It 's a heartbreaking statistic and one that we can change . By volunteering , donating money and praying for this ministry , all of us can change the lives of medically fragile children , one child at a time.My source
 Touching , heartwarming , inspiring , encouraging , and so much more , Three Hearts , presented by Samaritan 's Purse , is a documentary that will change your heart as surely as it changed the hearts of the children in the story . The Children 's Heart Project , a division of Samaritan 's Purse International Relief , searches out and brings over children with heart defects to have surgery in America . This DVD chronicles the stories of three of those children from Mongolia -- 18-year-old Uugna , 16-year-old Otga , and 3-year-old Toggie . You are able to follow them through the entire journey
 Three Hearts captures the story of Cissie Graham Lynch , granddaughter of evangelist Billy Graham , who becomes involved with the Children 's Heart project during an internship with Samaritan 's purse . The focus of the project is to coordinate medical procedures for children who would not otherwise have access to the life-saving procedures being offered . Not only is Cissie tackling a new role with the internship , but she 's also adjusting to being a newly married wife as well . The movie follows three Mongolian children who have congenital heart defects as they journey to San Antonio to meet with a team of doctors and nurses who will undergo a battle for the children 's lives.Perfectly capturing an incredible true story , Three Hearts provides a moving , emotional journey for the viewer . I was caught up in the lives of the children who have so little to hope for , and yet find themselves incredibly blessed . God 's heart shines through the film in a powerful way as the physical and spiritual needs of the children and their families are met . I found the filming to be excellent , and the pacing well-done . While I would n't normally choose to watch a documentary , I 'm so glad I chose to watch this one , because it was time well-spent ! By the end I was wiping tears from my eyes , truly touched by this excellent movie , and vowing to somehow contribute to such a worthy cause.Be prepared to laugh , cry , and walk away utterly changed ! I highly recommend this movie and give it 5 out of 5 stars.DVD provided courtesy of the Booksneeze blog program for the purposes of this unbiased review .
 Cissie Graham Lynch , granddaughter of Billy Graham , and daughter of Franklin Graham shares her life-changing internship with Children 's Heart Project , an arm of Samaritan 's Purse , which is most know for their Operation Christmas Child . Cissie shares the journey of bringing three Mongolian children back to America to Texas for life changing surgeries to correct deadly congenital heart defects . While one family travels to Mongolia to help bring the children and their mothers to the states , two other families host the children while they wait for their surgery and recover afterwards . Te extras include deleted scenes , clips about the Children 's Heart Project , and a 5 part miniseries on the Children 's Heart Project in Kurdistan.I knew about Samaritan 's Purse through their Operation Christmas Child , but I had no clue about any of their other ministries . This video is an in depth look at a ministry I had never heard about before . The Children 's Heart Project examines and then provides operations in America for children who could not have these life saving operations in their own countries . In the miniseries on Kurdistan , American doctors are training the Kurdistanese doctors how to do some of the easier procedures in their own hospitals . I greatly enjoyed watching the video and look forward to sharing it with those who are familar with Samaritan 's Purse through Operation Christmas Child and those interested in medical missions . The lives of these children in the video as well as others who have received these life changing surgeries will forever be changed because of the Children 's Heart Project , both physically and spiritually.I received this DVD from Booksneeze for the purpose of this review .
 Three Hearts is a documentary DVD which begins as Cissie Graham Lynch , the granddaughter of Billy Graham and daughter of Franklin Graham , starts her internship with the children 's Heart Project through Samaritan 's Purse . Three Mongolian children are brought to Texas for life saving heart surgery , and viewers will be caught up in the miraculous journey . The DVD features a trailer , deleted scenes , video clips about the Children 's Heart Project , and a five part miniseries on the Children 's Heart Project in Kurdistan.I was immediately caught up in this film as I got to know young Garrett Ferguson who had heart surgery as a baby and later raised $ 8000 to bring Mongolian children to the United States for surgery . He and his family traveled by plane for the first time ever to go to Mongolia and bring three children and their moms back to Texas . Otga , Uugna , and Toggie arrived and met their host families and spent weeks preparing , undergoing surgery , and healing before their return to Mongolia . In the process , the families formed a close bond , as did the doctors and others in this chain of people who carried out this mission.This film really touched my heart , and the filmmakers did an amazing job of chronicling this experience . Kids will also enjoy `` visiting '' Mongolia and seeing how the people there live , as well as `` meeting '' the Mongolian children and learning how alike we all are.Recommended for all ages .
 LOVE IT ! A great film for all ages and life stages . I like this movie better than Fireproof , Courageous , and Facing the Giants . Unlike other Christian movies there is n't poor acting because it is n't acting . This is a true story that follows three children needing life saving heart surgery . The children are unable to get the surgery in Mongolia so Samaritan 's Purse sends the children to the U.S. to get the needed surgery . People 's emotions , thoughts , and actions are candid and its amazing to see how three needed surgeries can affect so many lives . Also , it 's really awesome to see the landscape of Mongolia . Again , no cheesy sets or fake drama -- this is just a good heartwarming story that reminds you there is more to life than just your own world .
 How far would you be willing to go to risk saving your child 's life ? Three very beautiful lives were put to that test along with their families as they have been waiting , some for over ten years to have heart surgery that will save their lives . This is their personal journey through Samaritan 's Purse as they take much needed children and bring them to the United States for a surgery that may save their life.Join Cissie Graham Lynch , the granddaughter of Billy Graham as she begins her own journey as an intern working with Samaritan 's Purse in Boone , North Carolina that finds children that need heart surgery . If they are eligible , they arrange for them to fly here and have surgery that will forever alter not only the lives of the child or teen but also their families and host families here in the U.S.The three lives that are showcased here in this movie called Three Hearts , brings Otga , a 16 year-old boy who wishes to live as a herder in Mongolia but has had to drop out of school because he was teased because he could n't keep up with his peers . His heart defect keeps him short of breath most days and he can no longer ride the horses he raises even though he dreams of doing it one day.Uugna is 18 years old and has faced a life of living with the recent death of his father , now just him and his mother while he struggles just to make it through the day without dying.Both boys are from Mongolia . 99 % of children born with fatal heart defects such as Otga and Uugna have wo n't make it to the age of 15 and almost all of them die by the age of 25 , so they are both literally living on borrowed time.The youngest to make the journey is the breath-taking , adorable angel known as Toogi . She is three years old and most likely wo n't live to be 6 . Coming from Mongolia in the Gobi desert , her family has struggled with trying to find a way to raise money to pay for her operation . Now she has hope.This film will take you into their journey in hopes of a new life and in the process will find the love and faith of God along the way . This movie will tug on all your heart-strings and leave you laughing , crying , and restoring your faith in God above through witnessing their journey . A must see movie for the entire family and one I am so happy to be able to share , thanks to Propeller Films and Samaritan 's Purse for the opportunity to review this movie for my honest review . This is an amazing `` Life Changing Movie '' as quoted by my 13 year old daughter who watched it with me and rates a hands down 5 out of 5 stars !
 I was recently given a chance to review this new documentary put together by Samaritan 's Purse about the Children 's Heart Project . This film follows three children from Mongolia with congenital heart defects who were chosen to participate in this program , from the moment they are told they will receive life-saving surgery in the United States to the time they return home . You get to see their home land , meet their families , learn more about the Children 's Heart Project and what it does , and see the generosity and love of many people who make it all possible.My favorite thing about this program is that they not only meet the physical need of surgery for the children , but they meet their spiritual needs as well . When the mothers and children come into the United States they stay with host families and are supported by host churches who show them where to find hope . Many of them go home healed in more ways than one . From what I understand , the doctors and hospitals involved volunteer their time . The money raised is for screening and initial tests in the child 's home country and their transportation to get here . There are currently over 200 children on a waiting list who will die without a surgery that can not be performed in their own country.This film does a great job of highlighting the great need that is out there and the difference that we can make.To learn more about the Children 's Heart Project go to -LSB- ... -RSB- I was given a complimentary copy of this DVD by Thomas Nelson Publishers in exchange for an honest review .
 I really , really love this DVD . I have always had great faith and love for Billy Graham and his ministry.Cissie Graham Lynch is Billy Graham 's granddaughter and the daughter of Franklin Graham . Franklin Graham is the head of Samaritan 's Purse and The Children 's Heart Project is part of Samaritan 's Purse.This DVD shows Cissie and a group of people who arrange for three children from Mongolia to come to the US to have heart surgery that they would n't be able to have there.This DVD goes through the whole process of chosing the children talking to the parents and bringing them over on the plane with one of their parents . Most of the times this is the first time any of them have been out of their country and it 's all so new to them.They have host families who are with them through the whole process and they offer there homes and everything they have.During this time they are in the US they are taken to church and told the gospel story and see first hand people doing and showing the work of the Lord . Most of the children and parents become Christians and that is the main thing The Children 's Heart Project is about.Right now there are 200 children in Mongolia who need heart surgery . Bringing each child over cost $ 2,200 . One boy here in the US had to have that same surgery and so this project is really dear to him . This boy and family/friends raised over $ 8,000 . I would love to do something like this someday.I think this DVD would be a great tool for church groups and family groups to really explain how they need and can raise money . It shows all of the steps they have to go through.I highly recommend this DVD . It has awakened in me a great need and a way to help children.Disclosure of Material Connection
 Cissie Graham Lynch , Franklin Graham 's daughter , has just begun an internship with a branch of Samaritan 's Purse , Children 's Heart Project . Hundreds of children in Mongolia are awaiting medical help and will die without it . In this film , three children are chosen to receive the surgeries they so desperately need and travel to the United States where they are welcomed into homes and receive the gift of life . Along with their medical needs , they each have a need for a Savior , having been raised Buddhist . In some ways , their lives are saved in several ways , both medically and spiritually as the Gospel is shared with them repeatedly during their seven week stay in the states.I must admit that , when this film first started , I was a bit disappointed . My family looks forward to weekend movies together and this was our Saturday night choice . However , that disappointment did n't last long at all . Just like the children and their mothers wove their lives together with their host families , I felt drawn in and became part of their lives . I could feel their mother 's pain as they watched their children being wheeled into surgery , knowing the risks involved and that they may never see their child alive again . I could feel the joy when one of them prayed to receive Christ as if it were someone I had known for years . It was a wonderful reminder of the preciousness of live , the awesome privilege I have of growing up in a country that is Godly , and the need to reach out to those who doing have at their disposal the wealth of advantages I have living in the United . States . This film left me thankful and wanting to do more to save these children all over the world who need both physical and spiritual healing.I received this DVD free from the publisher and was not in any way obligated to share a positive review
 Thursday , February 23 , 2012Three Hearts , The Movie
 This is a great story of people helping people a world away . I 've watched it several times , and still get teary-eyed and goosebumps several times . I can not tell a lie ... I know the people who produced this movie , so maybe I 'm a little partial , but it 's still really , REALLY good . Entertaining , funny , moving , informative ... it 's got everything .
 This movie is perhaps the most riveting of any that I have seen in recent years . It is the story of Cassie , granddaughter of the great Billy Graham , and her quest to understand the plight of children in third world countries . Her journey to Mongolia turned out to have far more of an impact on her than on those she was there to help . As she collaborated to bring medically fragile children to the U.S. for heart surgery , her own heart became enlarged with compassion for the children , their families , and the host families in the U.S. . You will laugh and cry , celebrate the miracles , and grow in your own desire to help those in need .
 This DVD came at such a great time for me in the wake of returning from the mission trip . -LRB- But then again , God has a way of working things like that ! -RRB- Three Hearts is a beautiful documentary on the work and ministry for The Children 's Heart Project . A branch of Samaritan 's Purse , the project brings children from countries where pediatric heart surgery is not available to the U.S. , where they receive their much-needed operations . This film follows the journeys of three particular children who received care and surgery from the Children 's Heart Project . The giggling three-year-old girl from Mongolia will melt . your . heart.Though some of the parts at the beginning felt a little slow and drawn-out -LRB- keeping it real ! -RRB- , I was moved to tears by the stories and ministry . It was incredible to see the hope and gratitude of the children and their mommas . I loved being pulled out of my little bubble and traveling across the world and into their lives . Part of me wanted to quit my job in cardiology and work with a ministry like this ! -LSB- Thank you , Booksneeze , for sending me Samaritan 's Purse Presents Three Hearts
 I recently received a complimentary copy of the DVD `` Three Hearts '' from Thomas Nelson Publishing as part of the Booksneeze book review program . The opinions below are my honest opinions of the movie . In this wonderful movie , Cissie Graham Lynch , the granddaughter of Billy Graham , goes on an incredible journey . Through the Children 's Heart Project she is able to travel to Mongolia to help bring three children to America to repair their congenital heart defects , that if not treated will result in death . This documentary style movie shows all of the steps taken to travel to Mongolia and get these children to the hospital in Texas where their surgeries will take place . Two host families in Texas also participate in this journey by keeping the children in their homes to care for them and also their mothers . These nurses and doctors volunteer to save the lives of these three children . I have a cousin who has two children who were born with deadly congenital heart defects . They are blessed enough to get immediate treatment because they live in America . This story truly touched me to watch the lengths that Children 's Heart Project goes to in order to save these children 's lives . Wonderful movie !!
 Three Hearts , a world away , three children need a miracle , is an incredibly moving visual piece of art presented by Samaritan 's Purse . It is the true story of Cissie Graham Lynch , a granddaughter of renowned evangelist Billy Graham , and her journey to Mongolia as part of an internship program that would change her life forever -LRB- and might I add , can change the life of the viewer who watches this movie -RRB- . She travels to the steppes of Mongolia to bring three children to the United States for lifesaving surgery -LRB- as all three suffer from deadly congenital heart defects -RRB- . Cissie sees firsthand all the steps it takes to save these children 's lives . There are various forms of volunteers in this movie , from the doctor performing the surgery , to host families providing the children with a safe place to live to the interpreters who try to bridge the language barrier . The viewer is exposed to all these steps ; definitely not as simple as it appears when similar stories appear on the evening news . There is so much more involved - both administrative , emotional and in the case of Cissie Graham , spiritual . This movie shows how all involved were able to experience God in different ways and expand -LRB- and test -RRB- their faith to varying degrees . A good movie for a church night , a family night or to show at a school ; definitely a movie to share and follow-up with both personal reflection and group discussion.Disclosure of Material Connection
 Three Hearts DVDBy Presented by Samaritan 's Purse , Features Cissie Graham-Lynch , and Directed by Arthur RascoAs someone who has supported Samaritan 's Purse , this movie was a real eye opener . I think I always knew them as the Operation Christmas Child operation but never really knew what they did beyond that . This movie is a documentary that follows the lives of three children from Mongolia that The Children 's Heart Project , a part of Samaritan 's Purse , bring to the United States to receive heart surgery on defects that are not able to be repaired at home.This is an inspirational movie that reminds us how this organization is reaching to other countries to assist people in need . It shows how volunteers work together to bring healing to people who would otherwise die without surgery.This movie documents what the organization does as well as provide an opportunity for everyone to see the power of prayer . * I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255 *
 This Samaritan 's Purse film reveals true `` heart '' of the Children 's Heart Project . The film follows Cissie Graham as she begins an internship with the Project as they change three family 's lives from Mongolia . The film documents very well how children with life threatening heart issues can receive the medical attention that they need all while sharing the love of Christ with each family involved . The good -- Samaritan 's Purse did an excellent job showing the in 's and out 's involved in changing lives around the world . The bad -- this film will make you cry . The best -- this film will make you want to spend time with loved ones and share Christ with the world !
 Three HeartsA World Away , Three Children Need A MiracleDVDSamaritan 's PurseThomas Nelson PublishersImagine your son or daughter was born with a heart defect and you ca n't afford or get the medical help to save their life . You would do anything possible to help your child . In Mongolia , there are no medical services that provide heart surgery , and these three children need it . In America , Cissie Graham Lynch , interns at Samaritan 's Purse Heart Project to help these three children . A family from Texas joins Cissie in the journey to help these three children , two host families open their homes to them as well , and a team of doctors volunteer their services . This DVD is their story.The DVD presents a compelling story that draws the viewer in emotionally to experience the struggle that these various families , doctors , and workers face . They do n't solely focus on the surgery itself , but on the interaction of the families , the fears , the triumphs and the gospel . For not only do they receive life saving surgery , they hear the gospel of Jesus Christ.The scenes at the hospital are poignant , involving , and sometimes a little bit graphic . I impatiently waited to find out how each patient fared . Prior to the surgeries they shared a story about a child that was lost , and it shared how not all children make it through . It emphasized the great risk that these families face.Now technically , they show started off visually confusing at points . Some shots used unnecessary zooming in and out . I suppose to give it more of a reality show look , but I found this distracting and at times more confusing than necessary . The events around Cissie not being able to travel to Mongolia were confusing to me , and I did n't see any good transitions from idea to idea in the editing . Yet , as the story progressed , editing was more stable and the story flowed well.Overall , this is a must see video . As a mother of a child who has faced a kidney transplant , I can understand the struggle that the families faced in the possible loss of a child , and facing a huge surgery . I believe that this video will fulfill its purpose to educate people and bring in support for a great cause that not only provides physical life for these children , but an introduction to the one who gives eternal life.I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 25
 This is a story that starts with Cissie Graham Lynch as she takes on a internship with the Children 's Heart Project . Cissie is the granddaughter of Billy Graham and daughter of Franklin Graham for those who might wonder who she is . The DVD is done in a documentary type manner and you begin to see the hours of preparation and the huge number of people who are involved in this journey to save three lives . You are presented with the truth that for these three this is their only hope ! And there is no guarantee that they will live through surgery . You are able to go into the homes of those in the middle of nowhere ; Mongolia and follow them and their mothers all the way through to surgery in San Antonio and hopefully full recovery.I have heard of Samaritan 's Purse and some of the work that they do but this is the first that I had heard of the Children 's Heart Project . Just watching this DVD showed what a LABOR of love is involved in just THESE 3 stories . It was heart breaking to hear of so many that are still waiting . When I say LABOR - its to say there is a huge amount of work ; with a large network of people involved but its pure love seen expressed . To also watch the host families take them in and love them and help them through what would have to be the hardest time , far from everyone and everything they know ; inspiring ! Love in action ; caring about every area of their life ; not leaving out the spiritual truth of Jesus . I enjoyed seeing what I did of Mongolia as well ; remote but beautiful . The only reservation I would have in who is watching this ; they get into the medical operation part a bit more than I was comfortable with but then I 'm squeamishness with that kind of stuff.I received this book free from the publisher through the BookSneeze.com book review bloggers program . I was not required to write a positive review . The opinions I have expressed are my own . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 25
 This was a thoroughly satisfying , well-done piece of hard sci-fi . The science , as far as I could tell -LRB- I 'm no expert -RRB- , was spot-on . The depiction of the space voyage -- a variant of Robert Zubrin 's `` Mars Direct '' concept -- was utterly compelling and convincing . All the situations portrayed were believable , suspenseful , and definitely conveyed the enormity of the mission.The characters came across as credible professionals addressing the tasks at hand . Admittedly , the drama was ramped up a bit more than you would probably expect on a real spaceflight , but even `` Apollo 13 '' was somewhat guilty of that . The performances were decent -- no Oscars to be handed out here , but there was no hammy overacting like you often see in something like this . Overall , the actors effectively brought their roles to life , and by the end I had formed enough of a bond to care about what happened to them.I must concede that I 've seen better special effects in recent years , but that 's not to say that the effects were unacceptable . I was able to suspend my disbelief and buy into the reality of the situation , so the FX did their job . It 's TV , after all , so you have to make some allowances.All-in-all , this was a gem of a movie and a welcome addition to my collection . I absolutely recommend it to any hard sci-fi fans that are looking for a fix . This will definitely hit the spot .
 Very realistic and moving movie . Too badit did n't hit the movie theatres , I foundthe film very interesting . In my opinionit is much better than Mission to Mars -LRB- which has too many special effects -RRB- . This movie is more informative aboutthe psychological effects space canhave on astronauts and has good scenesas well . Good movie !
 This is an accurate protrayal of space travel to Mars even though it is a combination of fiction and a documentary.Joseph Y. LeeBachelor of Arts , 1994Physics and Applied MathUniversity of California , Berkeley
 Race to Mars is hard to categorize , but I would describe it as a science based drama.It presents a scenario in which the most promising ideas and technologies for a successful expedition to Mars are played out .
 Many movies have been made about going to Mars . This is the best I have seen so far . Pretty accurate in its depiction of the science and engineering needed to get there , and what it might be like when you get to Mars . It is highly likely that NTR -LRB- nuclear thermal rockets -RRB- will be used to drive the spaceship , and these are used in the movie although little is said about its function . I doubt that centrifugal force will be used to provide gravity , as has been pointed out in technical publications that will drive up spacecraft weight and cost , so unlikely to happen . These types of missions will cost a huge amount of money -LRB- which is pointed out in the movie -RRB- , so everything possible to bring the cost down will be done . Nevertheless , I think this movie shows very realistically what the expedition might be like . Good basis of information for those interested in space exploration and young would-be engineers who want to design spaceships . I thoroughly enjoyed the movie . The reason I give it a four instead of five star , is the special effects is not too great , the acting could have been better , there are some technical faults that I spotted that were really unnecessary -LRB- for example floating things in the cabin space when the rocket is accelerating -RRB- . Every time I see a space movie , I wonder why the director could not call some physics professor and for a small fee eliminate the silly blunders . Still , good fun and better than the other movies I have seen so far . Still waiting for the next 2001 Space Odyssey :O -RRB-
 Nice miniseries ! Let us not forget that this is a drama version of the real thing , so expect some things that you would say `` oh , it would n't be this way in reality '' . But still , they were very accurate following the main lines of the documentary `` Mars Rising '' .
 I loved this realistic -LRB- almost a documentary -RRB- movie . I liked the way the production joinned together all sort of problems that could be spected by crew . I recomend .
 I have n't seen this on home video , but on TV recently , which I thought was great , except that there was n't so much based on the game . Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo are Mario and Luigi , which is OK . There is a Princess named Daisy , not Toadstool . King Koopa is human , not a reptile . Also , there were no fire flowers nor were there any invincibility stars . If you like the games , you will love this movie . I hope to see it on DVD .
 I love this video and anyone who ever has had nestalgia about the good ol' day 's of Nintendo . will love it . I think it 's good for the kids and the young at heart . I think there are a lot of people who would like it but I think that it would make the most sense to people who either grew up with Nintendo , or just really like the system , any of them .
 Mario and Lugig , -LRB- Based on the characters from the popular Nintendo video game -RRB- are two Brother plummers from Brooklyn , the two embark on a adventure . When Dasiy , a beautiful young woman is kidnapped and is taken to another world , ruled by a evil ruler named Koppa . Mario and Lugig with the help of Koopa 's cousins Iggy and Spike , both rescue the princess and save the dimension from Koppa 's humanity .
 Okay , to start off this is my fav V.G. -LRB- Video Game -RRB- based movie ! Mario and Luigi have been the # 1 heroes of all time , and this movie tells how it all began . In the city of Brooklyn , a beautiful princess has been kidnapped by villains from a parallel universe . Now ... 2-plumbers , Mario -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- and Luigi -LRB- John Leguizamo -RRB- must travel to the deceased Mushroom kingdom -LRB- a.k.a. `` Dino Hatten '' -RRB- to rescue Princess Daisy , and defeat the evil King Koopa -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- . This has got to be THE best game-based movie ever made ! -LRB- sorry , but `` Double Dragon '' & `` Mortol Kombat '' sucked . -RRB- I liked the goombas -LRB- who 'd thought they 'd be that huge ? -RRB- , the bob-ombs with the Reebok shoes , and of course ... YOSHI !!! -LRB- one of the main reasons why I 'd watch the movie ! He 's cool ! -RRB- . And to just imagine that Toad is a carefree musician . All in all , I 'd have to say that though many fans were disapointed , this is the closest HOLLYWOOD has come to making it just like the REAL thing . There 's plenty of action , thrills , and let 's not forget the FIREPOWER !!! It 's clever and funny at the same time ! -LRB- the old lady at that one scene was just hysterical ! -RRB- However , I wish they 'd put this on DVD for once -LRB- with the theatrical trailers , deleted scenes , the making of and cast interviews . -RRB- CHECK IT OUT !!! It 's not as bad as some think !
 I dont understand why no one likes this movie dennis hopper as King koopa is nothing short of perfection its a good movie with great actors this aint no game indeed
 Good , clean fun for the family on a rainy or cold Sunday evening . My grand children loved it .
 Super Mario Brothers is one of the best movie based video games ever . Its not really a bad movie , it just the problems that was going on . This film has a very unusual cult following surrounding it , Starring Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo as Mario and Luigi , The late Dennis Hopper as King Bowser Koppa and Samantha Mantis as Princess Daisy . We do need a special edition remastered dvd and blu-ray with both versions of the film the Theatrical Version and the all new Director 's Cut with never before seen footage not seen in theatres , lots of behind the scenes at the film and its cult status , more deleted scenes , music video at Roxette 's Almost Unreal and George Clinton 's version of Walk the Dinosaur , all teaser trailers and theatrical trailers and all tv spots , art gallies from pre-production , production , post-production , marketing posters , storyboards , toys , etc ; the rare out of print copy soundtrack of the movie , a digital copy , audio commentaries from the members of the cast including someone had mention about a rare commentary with Bob Hoskins hating the movie from start to finish , crew and the fans , a special dvd and blu-ray cover art , some color corrections , a proper widescreen format with new audio and sound , the whole nine years with a very good restoring process that takes months to clean . Now , that 's my demands for a nice remastering . Shootout to the Super Mario Bros. . Movie Archive and their work at collecting a lot of stuff surrounding Super Mario Bros and it 's cult classic legacy . Now let 's get out there and try to the director 's cut in progress ! If only we could find the long-lost director 's cut or who knows that either Disney has the film in their vault that they are infamous for releasing their movies on home video with either decent -LRB- The Rocketeer , The Black Hole -RRB- , proper remastering -LRB- Tron -RRB- or just disappointing that this film feel in that category or the producers have the film . We fans should keep buy the dvd where it is popular in dvd bargain bins . Maybe something to be said also for Dick Tracy 's case , once the whole director 's cut idea really starts coming together . -LRB- Updated January 31 , 2012 -RRB-
 This is an AWESOME movie ! I 've looked for it everywhere and yes , I may be silly for saying this was an awesome movie , but I was a kid when it came out so , blame that ! Quick shipping , perfect quality ! Will definitely buy from these guys again !
 As I worked on this film , I am a bit biased . However , I do believe it is a little misunderstood . Not only is it a pretty good film story wise , its also one of the first to incorporate computer graphics -LRB- CG -RRB- into live action filming . It has the honor of being the first video game to be given the movie treatment . All in all its a fun popcorn movie that does not take itself too seriously .
 Nothing is as fun as revisiting your childhood and seeing how what you enjoyed as a kid holds up now . More often than not old classics are easily cheesier than you remember , but they 're usually just as fun as ever.Super Mario Bros. is just the same . Looking back , you might remember bits and pieces of a dark , strange world and even stranger characters . As an adult it 's just that and a lot weirder . This does n't make it any less fun or imaginative ; rather , it makes it stand out as one of those few childhood classics that are legitimately good.Watch it some time . It holds up .
 This movie is a classic 90s videogame adaptation back in the glory days of Nintendo . Ninja turtles , He-Man , Mario , we had it all back then . Does this movie feature two-dimensional platform gaming ? Of course not . What you do get are Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo giving a family-friendly performance that is both funny and endearing . It is a science fiction film first and foremost with a little bit of Mario sprinkled on top . You will enjoy finding obscure references throughout the film to its videogame counterpart as well as the story itself . More than just nostalgia , you 're getting a fine film that goes great with some pizza .
 I saw this movie in theaters the day after it came out and I loved this movie . I understand why some fans do n't like it because of the changes , but I think those changes should be looked passed and respect it for what it is . Its a whole other Mario universe with directors way over their head . But the end product is amazing . I suggest everyone watch it , and those who have seen it and did n't like it , watch it again because you know what you 're going into .
 Super Mario Bros. is a video game movie that is memorable in the way that may surprise you . The witty dialogue and rapport between Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo as Mario and Luigi , respectively , make this film a real treat upon repeated viewings . Although it features a look that may remind people more of Blade Runner than Super Mario Bros. , it has the same charm in its set design that other 1990s science-fiction films have , such as Total Recall or Demolition Man . The tone shifts all over the place from light and comedic to dark and frightening , but the sheer inventiveness on display here make Super Mario Bros. worth a watch . Dennis Hopper gives a performance straight out of a David Lynch film in this one . Watch this flick and I guarantee you 'll be hooked on the brothers !
 Can you believe that it 'll be this movie 's 20th anniversary next year ? It has never been as apparent before as it is now that its popularity and influence is only growing.Once an underrated gem , Super Mario Bros. is now something much more . Watch it some time and see why it has been so loved over the years .
 This movie is the ride of a lifetime . It never stops to catch its breath and neither will you . While this may be a bad thing for some moviegoers , it 's perfect for kids of all ages who need something engaging to keep them captivated for a couple hours.Give it a chance . If it keeps your children entertained than it ca n't be all bad !
 I do not understand why this movie is n't more popular - it 's funny and good escapism.A damsel-in-distress -LRB- she wears old army boots instead of slippers -RRB- is abducted by bad guys -LRB- the two henchmen are so goofy that you ca n't help but like them -RRB- and to her rescue comes a ` hero ' -LRB- accompanied by the guy who raised him -RRB- . The movie even throws-in the question ` what happened to the dinosaurs ? ' ... . and then answers it rather whimsically.Sit back and enjoy the movie ... . get yourself a bag-of-popcorn , a soda , and you 're all set .
 This film is one that people love to forget about , but it really is a fun film and is worth a go . At this price , you really ca n't go wrong . If you buy the film expecting a modern film with modern special effects , you will be disappointed just as you would with any film of the time . But if you remember what this film is - an early 90s comedy that has a lot of the same things that made 80s movies great left in it , you will enjoy it.Some people criticize the film for being different from the plot of the video games . This is completely ridiculous as an argument . After all , no one in their right mind would make a film that consisted of the main actors walking along -LRB- always viewed from the side -RRB- jumping on platforms . What the film does do however is take the basic concept of the story - two Italian plumbers rescuing a princess from dinosaurs in an alien world - and has fun with it . Admittedly , there are some slow points in the movie , and it could benefit from a new cut , but even as it stands , it is enjoyable . The shenanigans are funny , the princess is nice to look at , and with a soundtrack featuring 80s and early 90s nostalgia -LRB- including `` Walk the Dinosaur '' and a song by Roxette -RRB- your inner child is bound to come out and enjoy the film . Definitely worth it .
 As a Mario fan born in the 80 's , this movie is an instant classic in my book . Absolutely loved it , and would recommend it to anyone looking for something fun to watch , especially if you want to show your kids some of the cool things to come out of your generation .
 HE 'S BACKthe graetist hero jumps back . . The begining of mario bros. . The Evil koopu want 's to take over are world . Dinosaurses wer n't all killed , just throun through a demension to a diferent world , and they need a rock to open the portal and are heros stoped them -LRB- with some help from friends .
 Please do not listen to the reviews given by people who say
 As my review tital says , I could care less about the negative press about this movie ! It 's my all time favorite movie and in my opinion , is one of the top five best movies ever made ! It 's a movie for all ages , -LRB- Even my mom and grandma love this film ! -RRB- great actors , awesome special effects , and the story is almost the same as the game ! Now I love The United States of America and I respect the right to free speech , but I must say , STOP JUDGEING THIS MOVIE WITH BAD REVIEWS ! IT DIDN `` T DO ANYTHING TO YOU ! Another thing I 'm a big Mario Bros. fan and this is a must have for any kid or grownup who enjoys this movie as much as I do This was one of the first video game movies and it certainly is n't the last and I hope people will understand that just because a movie i based on a video game as famous as SMB , do n't judge the film befor you watch it.P.S . I hope someday a Super Mario Bros. 2 movie pops up !
 all right the movie was great!everybody who said it 's not based onthe video game well would you like a movie where there 's Mario and Luigi jumping on goombas thats stupid so the movie had a plot and whoever said it had no plot yes it did!Daisy gets kidnapped by Koopa and the Mario bros. have to save her.And someguy said no fire flowers and all the stuff from the game Think!They were not in any of the worlds from the game They were in another dimension where they had other weopons Ok and the movie was funny and had action too well got ta go bye
 I love this movie alot of people critize it but its good the acting is a little chessy at times ut they picked good actors and some funny jokes , whats also good about the jokes is thier not childish to the point your eyes water in embarassment , there is awesome explosions anything kids would like I liked it when I was 7 and it still holds up today . The `` Princess '' gets taken bakc to dinohattan where she is forced to join king bowser and mario and luigi go and save her , like the game with good action and very likeable characters , Bob Hoskins does a great job playing Mario he makes good jokes about things in general , John Leguizamo is also good as Luigi the younger brother , Dennis Hopper is good in all his movies and this one is no execption , and Samatha Mathis is also pretty hot too , if you want a good movie for any age -LRB- even though it was aimed at kids -RRB- check this out , but there is alot of action and gore -LRB- cartoonish gore -RRB- in this so be a bit prepared to see some stuff youd never see in a PG movie . Enjoy !! Also look for Mojo Nixon and Lance Heneriksen in Cameos .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN!JUST SEE IT !
 Bob Hoskins and John Lequizamo are Mario and Luigi
 I was there when this movie debuted in theaters way back in 1993 and I loved it . This movie generally gets a bad rap for not being close to the source material . Well actually if it had turned out to be exactly like the game it would be a complete sack of old boring garbage . Seriously who would want to watch a movie that had no real plot other than some guys running and jumping repeatedly through this kingdom to get to a castle , fight a dragon , and rescue a bunch of guys and one princess who 's just sitting there being a victim . Watching this happen eight times in a row would be grueling snore fest indeed . I do remember when I was waiting to see this movie and I had thoughts in my head that it would be something like the Super Mario Bros. cartoon shows , due to the fact that 's mostly all we had for exposure to how this whole world would be . I think a lot people had and/or have that idea of that imagery and story.Super Mario Bros. the movie is a fun and fast paced movie that despite some of it failings has a lot to offer it 's audience . True SMB fans out there while watching it will be able to pick out all the little Easter eggs planted throughout the entire movie that pay homage to the games . Actually if you get right down to the core of this movie it actually follows the plot of the original game quite well.Okay we got two plumbers who end up in a different world which is now in the tyrannical grip of a evil ruler . In the game the evil King Koopa turned all the Mushroom People into bricks and plants using his dark magic . In the movie Koopa uses a machine to change them into walking monsters to build his army . It 's a subtle similarity . Both have a Princess that needs rescuing and both end with the hero fighting atop a bridge against the vile villan . Kingdom saved end of story . Looks pretty close to me for the plot other than the endless running and jumping through 8 worlds.This movie is just a fun ride full of action , adventure , and laughs , with great characters brought to us from great actors that all ages can enjoy . With it 's wit , charm , bells , and whistles this movie has gotten a much undeserved `` bad rap '' for way too long and deserves better ! Hopefully more people will learn to appreciate this cult classic and hopefully it will someday earn a much deserved Special Edition release with all the bells and whistles showing up in special features or possibly even an extended director 's cut .
 This movie gets a lot of flack , but I genuinely enjoyed as a fun adventure that is easy to follow and is chock full of lovable and memorable characters .
 Where would we be today if not for this great movie ? This movie has stood the test of time and is still being watched today . Say what you want good or bad about this movie . The thing is that you still watched it and you are now have watched a part of video game movie history . This movie for what it was , was a good video game movie set in modern times . This movie to me always makes me happy when I watch it cause when I watch it , it reminds me of the 80 's and those were the good times .
 Though it 's not exactly like the games as people expect , it 's an imaginative movie . There are game references within , and it 's a great movie overall .
 In 1993 , Hollywood Pictures released the much-anticipated Super Mario Bros. film , based on the SNES video game of the same name . The movie stars Bob Hoskins -LRB- Who Framed Roger Rabbit -RRB- as Mario and John Leguizamo -LRB- Regarding Henry -RRB- as Luigi.We start off with a poorly-animated sequence depicting dinosaurs in Brooklyn before a meteorite hit . After the meteorite hit , it spilt our world into two dimensions . In our dimension , we evolved from apes . In the second dimension , humans evolved from dinosaurs.We are told that a princess from the other dimension was brought in an egg to our dimension by her mother . That 's a little weird . The princess is named Daisy , and she 's raised in a Brooklyn church by some nuns.She becomes an archaeologist , and she has a rock that she keeps around her neck that belonged to her mother . She 's digging up dinosaur bones at a cave in Brooklyn , and a company called Scapelli comes and sabatoges the site basically , after she refused to leave the site.Mario and Luigi meet her , and she goes out to dinner with Luigi , Mario , and Mario 's fiance . She shows Luigi where she works -LRB- the cave -RRB- and they discover that Scapelli has flooded the place with water . Luckily , Mario and Luigi are plumbers so they come to the rescue.Some idiot scouts for King Koopa , Spike and Iggy , kidnap Daisy and take her to the other dimension using a portal that is conviently in the cave where she works . Mario and Luigi go after them and end up in Dinohattan , or is it Dinotopia ? I ca n't remember.Koopa , who 's just a man with spikey hair and not a dinosaur at all , rules this fungitated New York City place and he has henchmen called Goombas . They do n't look very much like the Goombas in the videogame , though . They 're more like lizard men with small heads . Anyway , it turns out that the rock that Daisy had around her neck was actually a piece of the meteorite . Why does Koopa want it ? To take over both dimensions . Of course.The meteorite piece is in the hands of Mario and Luigi and Koopa offers a 5,000 Koopa Coin reward for them . A crazy old lady who wants the reward starts to beat them with her umberella , but Big Bertha comes to the rescue . Remember the Pine-Sol lady ? `` That 's the power of Pine-Sol , baby . '' Yep , that 's her ! But here , she 's just a fat woman dressed in red leather . She 's also got these cool boots that make her jump . Well , she throws down the old lady and takes the meteorite for herself . She comes back later in the movie.Mario and Luigi get arrested and put in jail with a drunk musician . Believe it or not , this is Toad . Yeah , I know . They escape in a police car , and drive into the desert.Daisy is locked in Koopa 's tower , and we actually see her wearing something reminiscent of Princess Peach -LRB- who 's not present in the movie -RRB- . She meets Yoshi , a small dinosaur chained up by Koopa . He does n't look too much like himself either , but what can you expect from a live-action 90 's movie?Toad gets turned into a Goomba , and Mario and Luigi head back to Dinohattan to save the day . There are a bunch of weird scenes throughout this part , like dancing in the elevator , and some strange shots of Big Bertha 's chest . They get the meteorite back from Big Bertha at some kind of nightclub in Dinohattan , and plan to save Daisy . Bertha gives them pairs of rocket boots , which explains how they can jump so high in the video game , and we finally see them wearing their traditional green and red outfits . The only thing that is similar to the video game in this part , are the bomb-ombs . There 's a fifteen minute action scene , that 's really pretty dissapointing for an ending , where they go back and forth from New York to Dinohattan . They eventually use de-evolution guns to turn Koopa into a dinosaur , and then to nasty gooey stuff . They save the princess , Dinohattan is restored -LRB- no more fungus , woo-hoo ! -RRB- and Daisy 's father is restored .
 the movie version of super mario bros rocks its the greatest movie in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this movie you wont be sorry
 The Super Mario Bros. film is always one that I felt deserved a second look at . A TON of work went into every aspect of the film from the casting , production design , costuming , makeup effects , score , editing , and special effects . Not only that , but it was the first attempt at creating a feature-length motion picture from video game source material . The effort is extremely commendable , even though the execution was somewhat flawed -- and I believe that 's more to blame for the film 's -LRB- often exaggerated -RRB- unpopularity and initial low exposure than to the `` unfaithfulness '' to the video games.Upon its initial release in 1993 , moviegoers just did n't know what the film was trying to be or what it was trying to do . It 's taken nearly two decades for the film to reach this new cult status wherein those who first saw the film as children are analyzing it as adults , and others are seeing it for the first time with an unbiased eye in regards to the environment surrounding the release of the film and its subsequent perception.With all this new-found popularity -LRB- and not to mention that it 's the 25th Anniversary of Super Mario Bros. on the original Nintendo Entertainment System -RRB- , the Super Mario Bros. film is getting a bit of extra attention . Sadly , Disney is missing out on a prime opportunity to put out a proper release of the film.As it stands , the original 2003 DVD release was a simple , bare-bones effort , with a substandard non-anamorphic transfer . Earlier this year , they put out a slight re-release -- but all they did was move around some text on the DVD cover art . Oh , and that non-widescreen enhanced , non-anamorphic transfer ? It 's still there . It 's the same , tired release with a different cover .
 I bought this for a friend . She really liked it . I like her . Everything 's just fine .
 Super Mario Bros. really does have an undeserved bad reputation . People look at it and either remember it fondly as kids ' stuff or as some assault on their childhood . It 's not wholly like the games , so people figure it has no merits on its own.However , the film really does have a lot more going for it than people realize . It gets the basics of the games from story to characerization down rather well , even if it 's visually different . It 's well written and fun with some admirable early attempts at CG-work . In fact , it was shortlisted for a VFX Oscar and would have gone up against Jurassic Park had Disney not lobbied hard to have A Nightmare Before Christmas entered into that category.It may have its faults , but you just need to look at it in the right way . All of the elements are there for a great film , but due to the producers and Disney over 30 minutes of crucial plot points were cut out . The film is a shadow of what it could have been , but in the end it 's still something fun and enjoyable.The Super Mario Bros. . The Movie Archive , a fansite dedicated to the film , is a testament to its cult endurance . Ongoing since 2007 , the site features early scripts , concept art and even exclusive interviews with the cast & crew . They 're planning several theatrical screening events across the country this year to push for a director 's cut re-release . There 's a lot to appreciate . It 'd be a shame if that was n't recognized .
 I was very pleased with the dvd it was in great shape and got here very quickly .
 You will love this movie . It has such an involving plot . Iv ' e never seen any movie like this before ! Mario and luigi meet soemone named daisy . She is kidnapped by henchman working for the evil koopa king and taken to a parrelel demension because she has a rock that allows him to rule both demensions ! Mario and Luigi must save her in their biggest adventure yet -LRB- there 's more to the plot than that -RRB- ! ITS A BLAST !
 Most people tend to hate this film . I think , though , that they hate it because they 're looking at it the wrong way . It 's one of those movies that has a point , and if you miss that , you do n't get any of it.Their mistake is to watch this expecting a Mario movie . I know , it sounds like the right thing to expect , but hear me out . Fans of the game know what Mario is all about - powerups , angry mushrooms , winged turtles and flying blocks . If you watch this movie expecting that , you 'll be disappointed , as you 'll find NONE of it . But that 's not to say it is n't worth watching.Picture the scene
 The story is absurd , despite it being inventive enough ... It is n't a real movie version of the adventure , but more like a movie starring the characters , with constant bits of homage to the original series , such as a `` Thwump '' store , sniffits , the character 's occasional and believable super-jump trademark , a dino named Yoshi , and last but by no means least , a GREAT scene with a Ba-Bomb -LRB- who was wearing Reebok shoes , which was funny !! -RRB- . Being the first movie ever based on a game -LRB- unless you count Clue -RRB- , and also being inspired by a series that did n't call for the slightest bit of realism , this movie did n't have much call for reality . It 's not sci-fi , but pure fantasy -LRB- meaning the plot 's fiction is n't just the existance of the story 's elements , but every plot sequence is based on how the world the movie takes place in is much unlike our own -RRB- . Luckily , the screenplay , while sometimes quirky and silly , does call for some great moments , usually revolving around Koopa 's idiot cousins Iggy and Spike -LRB- my favorite example - Spike : `` Wrong again ... how many times have we gotten it wrong ? '' Iggy : `` YOU 've gotten it wrong five times ! '' Spike : `` Over five ... OVER five ... what percent is that ? '' Iggy : `` I do n't know , let me think ... I do n't know , but it 's not good ! '' -- they could n't figure out 100 % !! -RRB- . Also going with the movie on a few other nice points are the performances of the main characters
 I first saw this movie when I was like what , 8 ? Please , do not listen to the people who say this movie is a waste of time !!! Watch it ! It 's weird , of course , but so is the game . I thought it was a great movie , and it 's soooo funny . We recorded it off the tv , so our version 's not so great , but even so . Do n't pass this movie by just because some overly opinionated people do n't think it deserves to be seen . It has a great cast , and whenever I play Mario , I always think of this movie ! Give it a chance ! I rate it 5 because its mario , and mario deserves a 5 !!!
 This is my all time favorite movie . I Know most people do n't like it . But I do n't understand why it has to be like the game . What kind of movie would this be , if it was ? Come on it would be two guys running around jumping on Gumba 's heads . Not saying I have anything aganist the games . They 're fun and challenging . And who could n't love Spike and Iggy and do n't forget Yoshi . All you people who hated , it 's your fault we do n't have sequel ! It will always be the best movie .
 My buudy and I laughed our heads off when Mario said `` Get your belt on kid , were goin ' in '' with a scratchy voice . Also when Koopa turned aroung quickly and seriously said Plumber Alert ...
 Some people say they loved this movie when they were a kid but they hate it the older they get and why is that ? it 's because this movie is for kids . When this film came out I was 5 and I saw it over 30 times when I was that age , now I 'm 17 and in the past few years I 've seen it 0 times . It 's like some sort of peter pan thing because it 's something about adults that blocks their imagination and makes them say classic KIDS movies like Super Mario Brothers is a horrible movie . There are things that you laugh at and love in this movie but you see them funnier as a child . Bottom line is this is a classic and I agree with the last reviewer your kids do n't deserve to miss out on this amazing action adventure .
 Super Mario Bros the Movie manages several well-known things - firstly it 's the first ever mainstream Video Game Movie adaption , and secondly star Bob Hoskins has stated it as the worst film he 's ever made.So how can I review this film so highly , despite the main star 's objections to the quality of it?The truth of the matter is that this film is n't actually as terrible as the hype states it is . Being the first Hollywood adaption of a video game series , and being extremely different from it 's source material , there was n't really anything to compare it to . If you were hoping for a genuine conversion of the game 's storyline into a movie , then you are going to be highly disappointed - but then you 've made a rather rash assumption that the basic story of the game series would work as a film to begin with . Movies need to be like epic events , a major moment of the character 's lives catalogued within an hour and a half -LRB- minimum -RRB- . The game 's theme of ` Bowser has the Princess , run into castle and have toad say `` Your Princess is in another castle '' 7 or 8 times before the end ' does n't make for a good film.Excuses aside , the film does succeed in the way it intends to . It is extremely fun . Unlike other films with it 's reputation , the Super Mario Bros Movie is genuinely enjoyable and even more so thanks to the few downfalls in it 's script . Bob Hoskins cracks me up as Mario `` Get Your Belt on Kid ! We 're goin ' in ! '' , and Dennis Hopper is clearly the inspiration for Doctor Evil from Austin Powers `` See you later , Alligator '' . The movie manages to do something few films manage - it improves with age . I 'm not going to state that it 's as superb as Blade Runner -LRB- As stated on the box -RRB- , because they 're from two very different worlds . Blade Runner is a classic in terms of being a thought-provoking high-calibre sci-fi drama , Super Mario is a classic in terms of being a cheesy fun-fueled thrill-ride . The only reason these two were compared in the first place was the similarity of a run-down ugly futuristic city , both of which were furnished with surprisingly high quality set design and standards . I would love to see a full Blu-Ray restoration of this movie because there is so much intricate work done on the backgrounds and in the details that the additional quality Blu-Ray affords would allow us even more joy . There are some good jokes in here , the pace is good and never slacks , and while there are some bad script-writing problems the enjoyment should allow most people to gloss over those issues without much problem -LRB- Look at Star Trek 2009 , horrific script , plotholes and some truly terrible Hollywood writing but because it was so fun and full of action , it is hailed as a great film -RRB- . This makes it more closely related to being the Star Trek 09 movie of its day , with special effects that were -LRB- at the time -RRB- really impressive and a mixture of family humour and more adult action -LRB- Bob Hoskins sticking his face in a black woman 's chest - golden -RRB- . I would love to see a restored Blu-Ray of this movie , as it is a great fun movie . It is more fun than a lot of more recent video game based movies -LRB- The Resident Evil series is stale , the Degeneration movie was missable , the Final Fantasy films were badly directed , the Japanese even got it wrong with Yakuza
 For years after its release , `` Super Mario Bros. '' has been slammed as one of the worst video-game-to-big-screen adaptations , if not the worst . Yes , it does have its problems , the biggest of which is its identity crisis . It has plot , characters , motivation , and all the other good stuff a movie should have , but it does n't know what it wants to be half the time . Is it a light-hearted action/adventure comedy ? A dark cyberpunk thriller ? A biting social satire ? It 's all of these and more in places , but never has that one , single , unifying catalyst to complete the reaction.And yet ... that 's part of its charm . It 's all over the place , but it has something for everyone . As other reviewers have said , eagle-eyed viewers will spot countless references to the games , like a nightclub called `` Bullet Bill 's '' , and of course the infamous Bob-ombs . There are many , many more , but ... let 's not ruin the surprise , shall we ? -LRB- Side note
 I loved this movie . The crew did an excellent job of adapting elements from the three Super Mario Bros. games and Super Mario World to the inherent limitations of the medium of film . The characters were well-thought-out ; their personalities were just as I had imagined them . Mario likes to be the boss of things , Luigi is shy , Koopa is a Hitler type , etc. -LRB- Well , all right , I did n't imagine Toad as a revolutionary . But that 's about it ! -RRB- The acting was great -LRB- OK , except for Princess Daisy -RRB- . Bob Hoskins does the Brooklyn thing so well I never would have guessed he was British . In fact , my only real complaints about the movie are
 I can understand why someone would n't like this movie , especially a die-hard nintendo fan . I 'm a lifelong Mario fan , I know what it would be like to make a movie and have it be faithful to the game -- but this ai n't it !! On the other hand what Super Mario Bros is is a neat sci-fi twist on the familiar video game . The idea that the Mushroom Kingdom is a world evolved from Dinosaurs is kind of like `` Planet of the Apes '' , with a lizard motif . Dennis Hopper , who probably did n't want to be remembered for this particular film , was a fantastic villain , and he really put a lot into his performance.If you can , try to shed the 20 years of trash-talk that has surrounded this movie and watch with an open mind . You wo n't find Citizen Kane , but you just might enjoy yourself for 90 minutes .
 This move brings back great memories from when I was a kid and everything related to the Mario Bros. rocked ! I used to play the video games all the time , I watched the cartoon and to then have a live action movie ; it was the cherry on-top . This movie may not have won an major awards , but if you 've ever played Mario Bros. on NES you must see this movie . It is well worth the cost to own .
 It 's an adventure for the ages . The Mario Bros. try to save the day from Koopa and these half-dino monsters from merging the dimensions , which would be disasterous for everyone . With ground-breaking special effects , rivaling that of Jurassic Park , this film is one of the more notable ones of the 90 's , especially for the creative costumes and realistic puppets and animatronics . If you enjoyed Ghostbusters or Beetlejuice , I would definitely recommend watching this film on a lazy Saturday afternoon .
 this movie is n't what you would expect it to be . however it still produces the fun and action of the video games that it 's based on . definitely a must watch ! it will bring you back to your childhood .
 Imagine sitting around with a group of friends reminiscing about your childhood
 So few films these days live-up to the pure imagination and fun that could be felt in those made in the '80s or '90s . Making movies now just has a different sensibility , whereas before you could fund almost anything and end up with something worth watching time and again.Super Mario Bros. is a quirky and fun adventure that has endured as a classic of sorts for anyone who grew up loving that period of movies . Everything in it is just real and heartfelt and that 's what makes it enjoyable despite its flaws.It 's been said before , but it needs to be said again
 This is a fantastic movie if you 're a gamer and a fan for Mario . Great movie to watch and fun for the family . As making a movie from hollywood from a video game , not everything is accurate but it is still a great movie . `` Trust the fungus . ''
 My son had been looking for this old movie for nearly a year . I told him I could probably find it on Amazon.com so I went to look and sure enough , there it was so I ordered it for him . I am not a big Mario Bros fan but my son sure is happy with the movie .
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult ... I did n't even know they made this movie intil a few week 's ago when I was browsing my local library website and just stumbled upon it and decided to rent it . It 's pretty good Super Mario Movie I think it 's alright . Pretty decent . Are they going to make a sequel?Good movie . If your local library has this movie rent it . Or you could buy it either way.Happy movie hunting !
 When this movie was released , I remember my brother and I were really excited to watch it -LRB- I was 7 ; he was 5 -RRB- and remember my mother taking us to see it in this cheap theatre in Huntington Park . We loved it ... watched it couple more times after that ... and I now own it on DVD , and still enjoy watching it even though it does n't exactly reflect on the game . Good nonetheless !
 If you were to ask me about some of the most DISSAPOINTING movie experiences I 've ever had , this movie would probably come up pretty quickly . What a SHAM -LRB- for lack of a more innapropriate/foul word -RRB- this movie was.Who were the executives who came up with this one ? Not only did they get the story all wrong , but they also changed names , certain characters , other characters roles . And then worst of all , they made whatever characters they decided to keep completely lame . Dennis Hopper is a cool actor , but he had no business being King Koopa . King Koopa should have been a giant nasty looking muppet or something . Toad was a PERSON ! The f ` in Goombas had bodies ... whats going on here?Everybody knows that when it comes to Super Mario Brothers , it 's all about the MUSHROOMS ? They were no where ... oh wait , yeah , they were some disgusting fungus that was eating up the village . But there were no mushroom people ! And the princess was n't even cute ? What the EFFFFFFF?This could have been a terrific low budget gem , had they kept it campy as hell , with muppets and sock puppets , and Captain Lou as Mario . Bob Hoskins was no Mario in my world . Even more so for John Leguizamo as Luigi ... where 's your mustache jerk ? Since when is Luigi Latino ? , and HEY , fix your hat . Plus the whole explanation on how Mario was in fact their last name ... Mario Mario ? ... Go back to How-Not-To-Make - A-Retarded-movie 101 , gang . You blew it .
 A lot of people say `` Super Mario Bros. '' is a bad movie , because it was n't a faithful adaptation of the video game . Well those people can go suck an egg . I loved this movie when I first saw it in theatres way back in 1993 , and I love it now . It 's a lot of fun.As for the story , it 's essentially the same as the video game ; the Mario Bros. try to rescue the princess from Koopa . But instead of a brightly lit Mushroom Kingdom full of walking mushrooms and flying turtles , we have a dark and gritty dystopia.Koopa is after a piece of rock that is part of a meteorite that struck the Earth some 65 million years ago and thrust the dinosaurs into a parallel dimension , where the dinosaurs eventually took on a humanoid form , in much the same way that Earth humans evolved from apes . Uniting this piece of rock with the rest of the meteorite would unite the two dimensions , and allow Koopa to enter into our dimension , devolve humans into apes and take over , because our world is cleaner , has abundant food and clean water . And the Mario Bros. ai n't having none of that and try to stop him . Throughout the movie there are references to the video games -LRB- Big Bertha , B-bomb , etc. -RRB- , so it 's all good.And you really ca n't blame the writers for wanting to try something different with the Marios , since a literal live action adaptation of the video game would n't translate well to film . Imagine a fat guy squashing mushrooms for an hour and a half . I rest my case .
 The movie was great ! it showed up fast in great condition and my son loved it ! I would recommend it to anyone . Anyone who likes mario and luigi in the video game will like this .
 You need to view this like it was a new kind of Super Mario Brother 's set and story . Like a More Modern Day Mario . I loved the sets and actors . And the script was a typical rescue the lady that did n't know she was a princes . Just put your nerdiness to the side and view it as a new kind of Mario and you will enjoy it .
 I think the idea of turning a video game into a movie is an interesting cross over . I enjoyed Gamer with Gerard Butler , which was somewhat of a game intertwined with a movie and some drama . So I figured with a similar pretext , Super Mario Bros could n't be that bad.It had some amazing sets , cool costumes and fun moments . I have to admit that it exceeded my expectations . While it 's not something I would have watched if it were n't recommended to me , it was pretty good for a genre of movies I do n't typically buy or flick on when I 'm bored .
 Let me start off by saying I thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie . I 'm young enough to see all the imaginative quirks in it , but old enough to catch almost all of the irony and symbolism throughout the movie.Before I start critiquing the actual movie , I 'd just like to say that there were some fabulous actors in this . Who knew a Brit could portray an Italian plumber so well ? Not to mention the gorgeous actress playing Daisy looked stunning in every scene with minimal effort.Now , while I am acquainted with the games to a certain extent , by no means do I know the story line other than `` Save Daisy again from random castles '' . In the movie I liked how while Daisy was the damsel in distress , she was sorta bad ass while doing it.My favorite thing of the whole movie is how Daisy , who is the product of 65 million years of evolution , was left as a baby on the steps of a Catholic church . Might just be me but I loved the juxtaposition of evolution and creation.The movie also showed great symbolism with how the parallel universe is mostly deteriorating . If you really want to get deep , you can say it shows the bleak , dismal future of our own earth if we keep overusing our resources.I understand that many people think the movie was n't true to the game . Did you expect two plumbers running from castle to castle ? At the very least Mario was actually able to use his plumbing skills , something unheard of in the game . I saw a lot of great character development in the movie which could be expanded if they actually did a sequel like the ending of the movie suggested.My favorite character of them all is Yoshi -LRB- see , a game reference for all of you haters -RRB- , after all , he is adorable . After seeing him , I really wanted a baby t-rex , especially one who trips evil ladies and helps me escape . He was introduced much later than normal for a character but the movie benefited from him.The movie itself can be enjoyed by all ages . Whether it 's a kid playing the game , or the older generation who grew up playing it . I even enjoyed it due to the humor and style in it . There really is something for everyone in the movie if you just open up your mind a bit.I wo n't delve into the graphics and special effects in the movie because I loved them but am by no means an expert at judging them.Super Mario Bros. is a classic that will bring back feelings of nostalgia to those who in the late 80s and early 90s played the game religiously . If you have n't watched it , I would suggest doing so as soon as possible . Just being the first video game adaptation should make this movie a part of the film industry 's history . By watching the movie , you are contributing to the hard work of so many people , and showing that a cult-classic can be enjoyed almost twenty years after its production .
 I first saw this movie when I was about eight years old . I was a big Mario fan back then , loved him , Luigi , the games and the genre to bits ; and let me tell you , to see this movie for the first time was thrilling . I did n't even care if King Koopa was in the form of a human or not , or that Yoshi was n't green . All I could think was `` Oh gosh , that 's them ! It 's the Mario Brothers , and King Koopa ! '' -LRB- Squeal , squeal . -RRB- I guess the point I 'm making is that it did a pretty nice job of real-world reinterpretation . There 's so many things I like about the movie that I do n't even want to take the time to type all of it out.The reason that it only has four stars instead of five , despite how I 've always loved it , is that it is n't in fact the best movie I 've ever seen . It 's among my favorites , yes , but it does n't make my eyes pop out quite as much as it did back when I was a serious Mario gamer -LRB- and a child -RRB- . The opening scene with the cartoon dinosaurs was a bit silly , and I think the film could have done well enough without it . The scene where King Koopa turns into the Tyrannosaurus of his ancestry was plain too short , as well as King Koopa himself ... I mean , the bottom half of his body must have been two feet tall for him to fit so well in that crane bucket . There was also no real threat involved
 I thought this was a great film . I admit it 's different from the games . I was n't born when the movie came out but I rented it . The film is a little weird at times . Like that evolution thing . The special effects are convincing enough . There 's something I do n't get . The film was relaesed in 1993 . That 's the same year jurassic park was released and it used cgi . So was this film made before CGI or what ? If it did use cgi that would have been great ! The idea of changing Bowser from a fire breathing monster into a human is silly . The film would have looked better if it was animated like the tv series so the can animate the enimies which would be easier . Too bad there is n't a sequel . It would have been nice .
 For a movie based on a video game , this is pretty damn good . John Leguizamo who plays Luigi is the funniest actor alive . I love this guy ! The only problem with this movie is that the princess is Daisy and not Peach . The bomb-ombs play a huge part and `` King Koopa '' is excellent . A must for any Mario fan and if you wan na have some fun , get this . Plumbers to the rescue ; -RRB-
 This is a great movie and worth any price however , I was at a Best Buy store recently and paid $ 5.99 plus tax . -LRB- BTY
 I use to have this film recorded on vidio and recorded over it and was regreting it . I bought it on Dvd . The quality is exellent and it is in widescreen it 's a shame there 's no Dvd extra 's but it 's stil a class film one of my all time favourates . It 's based on the video game about Mario and Luigi tryinhg to save Princess Daisy from another dimention where diosaurs are still alive and are trying to get back from earth . I 'm also glad that yoshi is on it . It reminds me of the game Super Mario World.It 's well worth getting for any Mario fan
 The Super Mario Brothers movie is not only one of my favorite movies but I could watch it over and over and it would never get boring . If you are a Mario fan , this movie will not dissapoint you , in fact , this movie is very enlightning . This movie explains how the entire Mario adventures came to be . Not only a great cast , but one of the best movie origin movies ever made . I would say it ranks up there with Mortal Kombat . Anyone that says this movie is n't good , needs to watch it again . Everything from yoshi to toad is touched on in this movie . In my opionion , this movie should be re-released into the movie theaters and they should never stop showing it .
 this is a fun movie ! fantasitic special effects , fine actingand lots of fun moments make this a must see ! The creature effects were outstanding ! if you havent seen this special effects extravaganza yet , you got to !!!
 This movie is amazing I only wish I could see the sequel to this movie.Someone should really make a sequel because it would sure sell .
 i think everyone should see it.I felt bad that it never hit the box office
 I 'm surprised this movie was rated so recently , it was out in 1993 and rated 1999 and 2000 , anyway . I saw this when it came out and saw it later , 7 years later to be exact . It was halarious , mostly the goombas , those tiny heads are so funny ! It might have been better if things could be more like the game , but if it were it would probably lose alot in the translation , and like a contapositive of a statement means the same thing , the translation to movie and the translation of things like goombas , they even out for a pretty good movie . I now have a great urge to play Mario games , i saw it 1/2 hour ago . Too bad I wo n't be able to watch it again , I remember so little from the begining .
 This is a fun movie to watch . I like the action ! King Koopa is odd , so is Toad , so are the goombas . They do n't look like walking mushrooms , like on the game . But , it 's still a good movie ! Mario and Luigi look great in their costumes , and the boots . -LRB- You know , red and green overalls , and a blue shirt . -RRB- I like the bomb . Everybody knows about the bomb in the movie . I highly recommend this movie . It 's great !!!!!!!!
 I think that SMB is a great movie ... campy & fun ! I have never seen or played the video game , so I saw the movie with no prejudice as a gamer . Besides , the game has no plot or character development , so how could you even compare it!Full disclosure , I was a member of the film crew ; but it was n't always the most pleasant production -LRB- oy , the strife ! -RRB- , so any fondness because of my participation is negligable.However , having had that behind-the-scenes view and knowing the technical scope of this film -LRB- not to mention the A-list crew involved -RRB- makes the movie quite impressive . I suggest that people take a peek at the production research * , then re-watch the movie with fresh eyes and without a prejudicial gamer attitude for fuller enjoyment of the film . Bonus
 I picked up this movie for a cheap price a few years ago expecting a movie like the Super Mario video games , but got something even better ! This movie has an intriguing and interesting plot . Contrary to several others , this movie is one of my favorites ! It is a completely underrated movie . Many judge this movie poorly because they only compare it to the video game series . If you watch this movie as an action/adventure film you will find it to be a much better movie than if you watch it as an adaption of the popular video game franchise . I think anybody who enjoys a decent adventure flick should pick up this movie and give it a chance , because it genuinely is a great movie , especially for being made with technology from 1993 .
 If SMB
 I saw this movie as a kid and I thought it was awesome , I remember it always being on and now I never see it . Thats sad . I would love to show my boys a little taste of my childhood , they 'd love the adventure super mario brothers brings ! Man , I have n't seen this movie in ages and im so glad I came across this page and saw the movie . I love accidents , almost as much as I love me some super mario brothers . This movie is a hidden secret and I hope people come across this page like I did or they will miss out .
 Mario is a piece of history at this point . I was unaware there was so much left out of this DVD until just recently . They should definitely do director 's cut release for the 20th anniversary next year . I hear there 's like 30 minutes of deleted footage for cryin out loud .
 I think this film is seriously underrated . It 's definitely got its flaws but in watching this you 're guaranteed to be watching something unique.It was the first of the Hollywood video game adaptation films and I think , the best.The best of the obscure and quirky blockbuster attempts of the 1990s !
 This movie is completely underrated . I bought the VHS when I was feeling nostalgic one day and rewatched the movie a few times since . There are so many great videogame references in it , and the plot itself is n't as shallow as I would have expected.Make sure this movie does n't fade away . Buy it for your kids to watch if you have any , and let them play your old Mario bros. games . I know I will .
 Over the last few years , Super Mario Bros. has evolved into a more well-received film as it has reached a cult classic status in the eyes of nostalgic moviegoers that grew up in the late 80s and early 90s . As present-day moviegoers are drowned in over-the-top , often times cheap-looking computer generated graphics in just about every film nowadays , it has become refreshing to look back at films from the 80s and 90s where higher budgets allowed large scale practical effects & set pieces to push the technological envelope . It was a time where a dab of CGI could complement or enhance the film 's special effects rather than completely replace them . Films like Terminator 2 , Jurassic Park , and yes , even Super Mario Bros. found that perfect balance between practical effects & CGI and paved the way for so many `` unfilmable '' stories to be made into films today.Although there is no denying the fact that the atmosphere of the film is a departure from the original source material , the film still successfully captures the spirit of the video game , but with a more adult-oriented twist . While the film does n't have any of those colorfully polished , fantastical landscapes that the video game is known for , what it does offer is the same adventurous , playful spirit of the game . If you watch the film closely , you 'll see that even through the dystopian , Blade Runner-esque art direction and set design , there are a multitude of references to the video games proving that for every gritty aspect of the film that seems like it does n't fit in with the game , there are many other aspects that are taken straight from the game . References to the Bullet Bills , Bob-Ombs , Hammer Bros. , Thwomps , etc. are cleverly scattered throughout the film and any fan of the game will have a blast going on a scavenger hunt to find them as they watch the film.Looking past the visual aspects of the film that do not seem to fit in even though the ties to the game are countless , the true spirit of the game is found in the enthusiastic , playful performances of Bob Hoskins , John Leguizamo , Dennis Hopper , and the rest of the cast . Sure , much of the dialogue is campy and over-the-top , but what works so well is how much fun the actors are having in the roles . And that is where this film exudes the true spirit of the games . It is a FUN adventure film just as the games were meant to be a fun journey through each level.Is it a great piece of cinema history ? No , of course not . This was never meant to be an Oscar worthy film , it was simply meant to be fun , escapist , summer entertainment for kids and adults alike that gave them a break from the real world for 2 hours . It 's a fine example of films from the early 90s that were just designed to be fun films to take your imagination on a great ride.So instead of feeling like you 're taking a chance with this film , just sit down with a bowl of popcorn , a few friends , and an open mind and simply enjoy a film like Super Mario Bros. that is n't afraid to be a little silly and unrealistic , like so many films of today are . And just in case you need that dose of cynicism that most of today 's films have , this one even has a little bit of that too.To read more about the filmmaking roller-coaster ride Super Mario Bros. went through , be sure to check out -LSB- ... -RSB- for a behind the scenes look at the costumes , props , and sets , as well as what the filmmakers and cast think of the film today !
 This is not the movie for those of you too busy remembering the good old days of NES with Mario as the hero . This is a take on Luigi and Daisy 's story . Those that think this is all about the princess in pink , you are quite mistaken . This movie takes some of the classic game info -LRB- Yoshi , babombs , fungi , and two plumber brothers -RRB- , and gives it a touch of realism.Imagine somthing happens and instead of the Dinosaurs dying off , a split in reality occurs . One universe humans evolve from apes , in the other they evolve from Dinos . Koopa is attempting to re-merge the two worlds together and de-evolve the ape-humans in order to rule.The movie is alternative universe , and you are n't going to find the main hero wearing red overalls . If you can see Luigi as the hero , instead of just the scared or clumsy sidekick and see Daisy in her element , the tomboy that gives a more independent definition to the word princess , you will definitely enjoy this movie.The movie could definitely use a re-release to get it out there to new fans so that more people can appreciate this film .
 If you love Super Mario , then this is the movie for you . It 's a live action movie staring the Mario Brothers !
 Like Brooklyn guido-hero Tony Manero of Fever , Mario & Luigi give you something to cheer for in this goofy but fun movie . When I first saw this flick in 1993 , I was a little dissapointed considering I was 11 and was sitting there constantly looking for video game comparisons -LRB- like why does n't Luigi have a mustache and why is Koopa a human -RRB- instead of enjoying the movie for what it was
 This is a 2 person written review.Part 1
 Hey , people ! Give this movie some credit , wiil ya ? It ai n't that bad . I saw it and thought it was kinda cool . I 'll admit , it has it 's faliures . Like when Mario and Luigi are in the elavator -LRB- with the dancing goombas , which was hilarious ! -RRB- and they climb up the top of the elavator . Notice how before they show this , they are wearing those thwomp stomper boots . But as you see Luigi climbing on top of the elavator , where the heck did his boots go ? Also , I hated the fact that Mario 's girlfriend was some dumb dork called ` Daneilla ' and not Peach . But otherwise , it was a good movie . I think they should re-realease the DVD as a double disc with the original game on the second disc , which you could control by pressing the arrow keys on the remote and the ` enter ' button for jump ! As a hardcore fan of the Mario series , I suggest renting this movie first , then buying it if you like it . I can understand how some people hated it , but it defineately was n't that bad.P.S .
 This movie is rock solid !!! Better than the games ... This movie is worth buying so buy it today or else you 'll suffer of more cutsie princess movies !
 This movie is very funny and entertaining but using the Mario Brothers name maybe they should n't have .
 This is a GREAT movie ! The special effects are excellent , the monster are awesome , the sets are great , the cast is great ; production values incredible . Buy it !
 my boys are 10 and 13 and they 've seen this movie once a long time ago and recently asked me to see about getting it for them . I was happy when I found it here and I made the purchase easily . The kids are really into video games and love the movie
 If you watch this movie not expecting too much , especially a movie which does not really 100 % emulate the game iteself , then you will be thrilled . The special effects are fantastic , especially since they were done in 1993 . And the best part ... it 's a good a comedy as anyone has ever done . Hoskins and Leguzimo are perfect together !
 While a bomb upon its initial release , Super Mario Bros. has grown into something special over the last 20 years . A devoted fan community has sprung up to make it into a cult classic as appreciated as any other.While the DVD release is poor , the film itself is always fun . It 's something that has held up beyond its contemporary cheesy flicks and maintained interest . Hopefully someday we 'll get a Blu-Ray .
 awesome old skool flick . loved it . bought it for my boyfriend and he was so excited
 I think the reason why most movies having to do with video games do n't do well at the box office is because people expect them to relate exactly to the video games that they are based on . Maro Bros. is one of those films that did not get the credit it deserves . If this movie had been based exactly on the video game , think how childish and uninteresting it would have seemed . But no , this is a good , live action motion picture that would have probably gotten better reviews if it had come out before any of the Mario Bros. video games . Based on the ending of this movie , a sequel would have been nice . I hope that a Super Mario Bros. . Special Edition DVD will come out soon .
 My wife loves this movie . So when we had a baby it was a good excuse for her to buy it.Original movie . As described .
 I bought this for my younger siblings and they LOVE IT . They think it is funny and stupid and they enjoy it so much . Glad I bought it .
 Is the movie great ? No , not if you are a die hard Mario Brothers fan who grew up with it in the 80 's . Or is n't it ? I saw this as a kid and was bummed by how not like the game it was . As an adult however , I 've got ta say I have a new found love for this movie . As a re-imagining it 's not bad , it 's creative , and dammit , Dennis Hopper was epic in whatever he did ! And , at both ages I loved that * SPOILER * Luigi gets the girl ! -LRB- I always thought he got the shaft in the game . :-RRB- -RRB- Check it out if you want , but I promise it can be a fun time .
 What is with all of you with your flame throwers about this movie ? So what if the movie is n't really like the game ? If it was exactly like the game , it would be a cartoon . This is a action-packed movie and I like it , and I do n't give a damn about what you , the idiots with the flame throwers , think about me .
 When you 're a kid you watch everything with an amazement that can only be the product of your own imagination . You see these characters , people and places and think only of the fun adventure they represent.Super Mario Bros. was no different . Kids can watch it and fall into a place surreally connected to our own reality and just have fun . You may not have entirely understood what was going on , but you knew that there were two brothers fighting for love against an evil lizard king.As an adult it 's easy to see that this imagination was the product of not only childlike wonderment but also of the youthful dreams of the cast/crew working to bring it all together . They fought to make something unique and clever that would stand as something enjoyable for everyone . This is an arguable point , but the intention still stands.The film 's 20th anniversary comes in May of 2013 . What better time than now to show that it has fans , a following and , most importantly , an enduring future . This movie would benefit from an updated re-release that shows everything that was put into it . It 's something every kid wants to see and show their own children .
 It 's a fun movie that 's become a classic in its own right . Its bad reputation has largely dissipated over time as more and more people realize what it had going for it as just a clever adventure into a parallel world.The costumes are whacky and intense while the set design stands out as a real city with real people . They really made a world that draws you in as easily as the games it was adapted from . You ca n't help but feel like you 're experiencing something far off and special.It could really benefit from a re-release that at the very least remasters the picture quality . Additionally , commentary and deleted scenes could do a lot to help people understand just what they were setting out to accomplish .
 Everybody I know seems to hate this movie . They state their reasons and go on how it barely resembles anything from it 's video game counterpart . Well I am not one of those people . I love this movie so much and every time I watch it , I have lots of fun and it puts a smile on my face.I really liked the direction the movie decided to take . It gives us a Sci Fi feel with Mario and Luigi traveling to an alternate dimension . You can tell a lot of imagination is in the film and it certainly shows . I enjoy how there are elements from many of the Mario games released at the time . Iggy and Spike from Super Mario World , Daisy from Super Mario Land , and Toad from the NES Super Mario Bros. I applaud the team trying to put together as many characters from the Mario universe as possible and giving them a good amount of screen time . All of them give many laughs and every scene has great action and scenery . I like how they gave Luigi the love interest to Dasiy . You would think Mario would have it but he has his own girlfriend . The characters are well cast and I would n't think of anyone else to replace them . This movie is just full of good times and most importantly , fun.If you want to watch the best movie based off a video game franchise , Super Mario Bros is where it is at .
 Seen this when it came out . Loved it ever since . A movie made about a video game in witch the video game never had a story for the film to begin with . So we got an original story , that simply has many references to the game . Whether the films story matches the game or not , it is a vary entertaining as a stand alone film , and that 's what you have to remember when watching this.I liked all the characters , and thought the casting was pretty good . Especially Bob Hoskins , he really looked like a Mario . A lot of cool Dennis Hopper moments , He 's wonderful as the villain . Some funny little scenes here and there also . I thought Toad was funny as a Goomba . Loved the tunnel chase with the Goombas too . I do n't know why this gets all the hate , It really is a fun movie.Things I did n't like . Huh not too much . The pacing of the movie does move a little fast . A lot of cut scenes , I know a lot of negatives are plot holes . Maybe it was stuff that was cut , who knows ? I would like to see a new release with bonus features and deleted scenes/extras .
 I really like this movie ! A lot of people do n't like it , but I am not sure why . Many of the reasons are : Where 's Bowser?Uh , did you NOT watch the movie ? His name was changed to Koopa , which was used in the anime.The special effects are bad!This was made in 1993 . They did n't have all the CG we do now.But the big one was
 This is one of those movies that drive the critics crazy . They ca n't figure out what to do with it . After all movies are made to cause a suspension of belief and just plain old entertain . This is funny , actually kind of interesting if a person is into hard scifi , romantic in a silly way , scary if you consider Koopa and is transformation . Yea it is a dinosaur movie . And worth four if not five stars.Now on to a complaint . I purchased a copy at a discount store and it was chopped to pieces . I saw the original movie , yea folks I am over the hill but still ca n't get enough Scifi , crazy comedy , and scary movies.The store bought version was ruined by whoever did the editing . I ca n't even grasp why they cut so much of the movie in the places they cut . Scenes that helped make some sense of the craziness were gone leaving me scarmbling to figure out what was cut . The Viewer has to sort of either suspend belief and start over like it was a new movie to them or get angry and find a full uncut version which apparently is very hard to do.I am going to try this version on Amazon and see what happens . If it is cut like the other one , I will really be p. o'ed . The price is right but if the full story is n't there , whats the point , right?Good movie over all .
 This is a fun movie for anyone , but especially for the kids . Let them watch this movie and be amazed how excited they are to watch the adventure of Mario and Luigi over and over again . It works as a kids ' movie , but even as an adult or parent you 'll find things to enjoy . Give it a chance . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is such a fun movie , with some really cool moments . It 's an old favorite . I 'd love to see it re-released .
 Not much I can say except that this movie is often riffed on for all the wrong reasons.Yes , the movie is indeed flawed in many respects . But at the same time , it has a lot of great set pieces , music , good dialogue , good CG and animatronics , and a a scene using Joe Satroni music.It 's just a fun movie , worth riffing on if you hate it , but a fun movie if you appreciate it for exactly what it is supposed to be , a fun ride .
 Although the movie is somewhat inconsistent with how well the story comes together , it 's still a fun movie that really has a lot to offer . The characters are fun and likable while the concept really strings together as something original.Having read the early scripts I can say that the earlier versions of the film were much more exciting and interesting . This only makes the film itself all the more unfortunate since quite a bit of footage that could have made everything much better was cut . As slipshod as the editing is you have to wonder why they would remove what would have given them more to work with.In the end , it 's well worth a watch . Give it a chance and see the kind of filmmaking that defined the '90s . It 's something that could have only been made then , though it will always be great .
 Growing up up in the '80s and '90s you had such imaginative hits as Ghostbusters , Beetlejuice and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . Super Mario Bros. curiously sits just on the precipice of being a classic like these.Unfortunately , it does n't ever stand quite as tall . Many elements are hit-or-miss , depending mostly on your personal comedic sensibility or the timing of the joke . The writing and direction is something that just does n't come as well together as it could or even should have.Still , there 's the mark of brilliance in this movie . Watching it you can get the feeling of something great behind the scenes . Everything is lovingly crafted in such a way that you can only wish there was some guiding hand that made it work.In the end , we 're left with something that 's fun and adventurous , but could certainly be better . That 's where twenty years makes all the difference . People are finally starting to see the movie as something that could be made better and enjoyed completely.Now is the time when a re-release could really benefit this movie . Remaster the picture quality , include some deleted scenes and give it a commentary from all those involved . People would eat it up .
 this is a very funny movie especially if you love the mario brothers games . many references to the games , obviously , and just a fun movie to watch .
 Super Mario Bros. / B00008979N * Spoilers * I watched this movie as a child and remember liking the movie , but being a touch confused . The Super Mario Brothers games that I played had involved a plumber , traveling through pipes , jumping to incredible heights , and rescuing a princess -LRB- perpetually in another castle ! -RRB- in a crown and a dress . In order to make the concept work as a movie , however , the filmmakers understandably had to change up the plot a tad.In retrospect , this really is not such a bad movie , and it holds up fairly well for the time period . Hoskins is wonderful , as always , reprising much of his role fromWho Framed Roger Rabbit , here as the grumpy , world-weary , heart-of-gold Mario . The actors for Luigi and Princess Daisy are less well-rounded and much of their parts come off as somewhat cheesy , but since their characters are supposed to be wide-eyed romantics , the cheese is not too painful.The basic overlay of the plot is that our world and the Mushroom Kingdom world are two dimensions , separated by a divergence in the far past in which one world evolved with primates as the dominant life-form and the other world evolved with reptiles as the dominant life-forms . -LRB- It is particularly fascinating to see this movie treat evolution as a bland fact that even children can understand , when today the issue is considered to be so extremely controversial as to be potentially off-putting to some audiences . -RRB- When the reptilian world suffers a military coup , the infant Princess Daisy is smuggled out to the human world for her own safety . Years later , the grown-up Daisy is sucked back into her home world - along with two hapless plumbers . In this world something akin toBlade RunnerorTotal Recall , the plumbers must move quickly in order to save Princess Daisy , defeat the evil King Koopa , and restore the rightful king to the throne.If the plot sounds corny , that 's because it is , but it is intentionally corny , going along with the craziness and enjoying it along the way . The viewer is sucked in by the sheer craziness of the whole thing , and Hoskins is a superb element , having mastered the art of treating the absurd as unavoidable fact , while still humorously seething along the way at being made ridiculous . In this way - as a celebration of the ridiculous - the movie can still hold its own today in ways that more true-to-source video games of the era can not . This is a decent movie if you are looking for a trip down memory lane , for decent home-style MST3K riffing , or for young children who will enjoy the bright colors and loud noises along the way . ~ Ana Mardoll
 My son had this movie on VHS but it had worn out and had asked for a new copy - I was glad to get it for him but not spend tons .
 i 'm so very happy that i 've got this movie now . i saw it when i was little , i liked it , and even now i always remembered it and wanted to get it . i know that it does n't go exactly like the games do , but that does n't matter to me . there 's times when they ca n't make movies/shows based off of games or books the way they should be , so i 'm ok with this . Yoshi did look weird * even back then i thought he looked weird * but hey , it was still funny .
 Undescribable really ... excellent movie for those of you who are hardcore nintendo fans and a collector in general . Do n't miss out on this !
 This movie is probably my favorate action/adventure movie . with a great plot , story line and special effects , It needs no long reveiw . I canot wait for this DVD . It 's so great , it needs no introduction . It needs no special features ^_^ ... not .
 How can you not like a movie called `` Super Mario Brothers '' that has nothing to do with the Super Mario Brothers at all ? Bob Hoskins is okay as Mario . John Leguizamo is funny as Luigi . Dennis Hopper is great as Bowser . Toad rules . The inventions make no sense . Somewhere along the line the translation from video game to live-action went terribly , terribly wrong . The special effects budget is demented for such a mentally incapacitated film . The animated opening hints at lots of drug use . And after it 's all over , the movie leaves it open for a sequel . `` Super Mario Brothers '' is one of the coolest stupid movies ever . `` BOB-OMB !! ''
 This movie has received a lot of unfair criticism . Mostly , the problem is that this movie derrived from a video game . Some people dislike it because it comes from a video game and others hate it because it is too unlike the game . Admittedly , if there were some name and costume changes , this movie could be called something besides `` Super Mario Bros. '' . In any case , how good would the movie be if it featured a little plumber running through a bunch of turtles and jumping on to a flagpole ? If it were too similar to the video game , many viewers would turn away -LRB- however , its unlikeness to the game has turned away some gamers -RRB- . In any case , this movie is a lot of fun to watch . The characters are spirited and , as it says on the box , it 's a blast to watch .
 I 'm giving five stars for this film because it had a lot of action in it . And no , this of course , is not based on the original Nintendo game ! Everyone knows that film based on sometihng else , is going to be truely different . But it had wonderful stars in the movie . You should check it out !
 For all those people who are totally tearing the movie , you will probably grow up to be critics . It IS true that the movie will never be on any The Best of The Century 's Movies list , but if you 're looking for entertainment
 I would 've actually given it 4 stars , but just for the DVD itself and not the movie . It was transferred from the VHS and thus is kind of grainy and the more expansive shots are n't quite as sharp as they should be . But here I 'm just reviewing the movie itself , so that 's where my focus will be.Anyone who is a fan or at least familiar with the original Super Mario Bros. games would naturally be in for a surprise when seeing this movie from 1993 . Both share the same general `` story '' in which the plumber Mario brothers travel worlds and lands to save a princess from a Koopa monster in its tower . But that 's where the surface-level similarities end . With this movie , we get a sci-fi/action/comedy involving Earth being split into two dimensions , one ruled by us , the human race , and the other by an evolved civilization of dinosaur people . Daisy -LRB- not Peach -RRB- is a girl from the dinosaur dimension but grew up in the human dimension , yet gets kidnapped back to her home dimension per orders of Koopa -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- , here a military dictator . He needs Daisy 's crystal to help merge both dimensions so he can rule over both worlds . He has the devo guns to make it possible , weaponry that would literally de-evolve anyone who gets in his way into primates -LRB- or normal dinosaurs -RRB- , and the army of Goombas -LRB- seven-foot dinos similar to stormtroopers , in that they 're cool-looking if just slightly more useless -RRB- to back him up . Daisy was Luigi 's romantic interest -LRB- Mario already has a girlfriend -RRB- , and thus both brothers go after Daisy into the dinosaur world , into a city that 's a savage , more brutal version of New York City -LRB- the movie set of which was constructed inside an abandoned cement factory and still looks kick-ass even today -RRB- , and take it upon themselves to both save the girl as well as their world.This movie flopped at the box office -LRB- its release coinciding with Jurassic Park did n't help much -RRB- , and it was an even lesser hit with fans of the game at the time . At a glance it appeared to be absolutely nothing like the game , instead just taking names and creating an alien story that resembled very little to the source material . Historically , it 's the first film adaptation of a video game ever made in North America , but since it made such a horrible first impression , it was thus regarded as a horrible film , and thus since then forever carried the stigma of being the `` worst video game movie ever . '' It was a popular stigma that just never went away , and those who 've never seen the movie and only heard of its reputation would n't have thought otherwise.Believe it or not , one of the fans ' biggest complaints , among other things that would 've ruined the movie for them , was Mario having the signature moustache , but Luigi did not . But Mario and Luigi are supposed to have a big brother/little brother dynamic to begin with , so Mario having a moustache to make him seem older and Luigi not having to make him seem younger actually works . Also , the characters are apparently supposed to be Italian-Americans . Bob Hoskins , who plays Mario , is natively a Brit , but he dons a convincing Brooklyn accent that makes it easier to suspend disbelief . However , John Leguizamo , who plays Luigi , is still clearly a Latino , a different ethnicity from Mario . But there is a double-date dinner scene where it was implied that Luigi was actually adopted into Mario 's family , so while they are brothers to each other , Luigi also looks up to Mario as a father figure . As far as story setup goes before we launch into the inter-dimensional journey , it 's definitely a short one , but they somehow make each and every moment count in establishing who Mario and Luigi are , what they mean to each other as family , and we 're already rooting for them as they go on their adventure and along for the ride . Same thing with the dinosaur world . As the movie keeps its story rolling , we only get to see snippets here and there of the dinosaur peoples ' city life , but even those snippets are still telling as long as you notice them -LRB- better yet on repeat viewings -RRB- . For example , if you were to get run over by one of the electric cars and your body gets stuck on the hood , your body would get left there to rot into a skeleton . A very intriguing world in a darkly humorous way.One last thing -- it would be wrong to say that the movie is absolutely nothing like the games . It actually takes names , characters , objects , and elements from the games and incorporates them into the movie 's story in often subtle and clever ways , some more so than others . In the game , Mario is able to jump great distances . In the movie , Stomper boots enable him this ability . In the game , Mario hurls fireballs . In the movie , there are flame-throwers that shoot fireballs . Although Yoshi was more of an iguana in the games , in the movie he 's a pygmy T-Rex -LRB- which also still looks awesome even today -RRB- , yet both versions still have that whip-like tongue . In both the games and the movie , Mario and Koopa face off on a bridge , and Koopa winds up inside a floating tub-thing far out of Mario 's reach.Over time and to this day , Super Mario Bros. has a developed cult fanbase -- of which I 'm a part of -- that see it as an underappreciated and misunderstood film . If you ask me , for its story and all its elements , it 's very imaginative and inventive , along similar lines of Ghostbusters and Beetlejuice , a kind of entertainment that personally appeals to me . Sure it has its flaws , but even those are part of the movie 's charm for the time it came out . Behind the scenes , the production was chaotic and stressing due to a variety of factors , and the actors were waiting for all of it to be over -LRB- the two stars repeatedly took shots between takes just to get through the shoot -RRB- . Despite that , the actors still gave it their all , so for as wild and crazy as the movie gets , it 's incredibly well-acted , and it 's amazing how well put together the movie became in the end.The best thing they can do is give this movie a proper , sharper DVD release , and if they can do that , they should consider a Blu-Ray release for its fans . Until then , this is the best we can get . When the movie is exciting , it 's exciting . When it 's intriguing , it 's intriguing . When it 's funny -LRB- and it definitely is -RRB- , it 's funny . And when it 's fun , it 's just plain good ole ' fun for what it is and what it was meant to be .
 I first saw the trailer for this movie when I was 13 years old and I went and saw TMNT 3 in the theater back in 1993 . And I could n't have been more excited for a movie than I was for Super Mario Bros. . It was my favorite video game becoming a live action movie . I was lucky enough to see a sneak preview of it before it opened , and unlike the critics , I loved every minute of it and I still do . Sure , the story is a bit all over the place and at times lacks focus . But it is a visually stunning looking film that I truly believe should have at least been nominated for Set Design . Alot of people have said this film is like `` Blade Runner For Kids '' . And I can definitely see the resemblence in the visual style of both films . The actors do a really good job for the type of material it is . Dennis Hopper eats up the scenery every chance he gets , and for this type of role , thats a good thing because he just goes all out . Hoskins And Leguizamo have gone on record as not enjoying doing this film , -LRB- and according to Hoskins , thats an understatement -RRB- . But they have a good rapport with each other and you can tell that these brothers really care for each other . The special effects are fantastic and the film score by Alan Silvestri is just the right amount of playful and adventurous . Samantha Mathis , a crush of mine since I was 11 . Is great as the princess . She 's definitely tough but a tad vulnerable . As I said , the storyline could have used a little more focus and direction , but according to the behind the scenes stories I have read , that was hardly the writers fault , but the fault of 2 directors who let the big budget get ahead of them and sabotage an already iffy production . This movie is frequently cited as the poster child for why video game movies do n't work . But let 's be honest here , there have been MUCH worst video game films . * cough * Uwe Boll * cough * . Lately I have seen a small cult following that this movie has amassed . And while I do n't think it will have the kind of following that `` Rocky Horror '' or the like has , I still think people needs to look past the jumbled narrative and just have fun with an old fashioned `` Save the princess '' type of movie . It 's really worth a second glance .
 My son loves the movie , I love how fast we recieved the movie & it was in Great Shape ! THANK YOU !
 I remember how excited I was about this movie . And I remember I loved it . I know most everybody hated it , and I 'll admit it had little to do with the games , but I thought it was brilliant and wonderfully entertaining . Plumbers who are working on pipes and end up going through a warp to another world to save a kidnapped princess from a tyrannical reptile ? Formula for first-rate entertainment !! It 's not a bit believable , I know , but it 's FANTASY , so why should it be ? I found most of the references to the game to be fun -LRB- Toad , faithful follower of the royal family , Yoshi the friendly dino , Goombas , citizens of the other world who are transformed and work for the dark side , Koopa , the evil reptile king , Super Mushrooms , Bob-ombs -RRB- including indirect ones -LRB- Big Bertha - the fish from SMB3 , Daisy - the princess from SML , Tweeters - an enemy from the US SMB2 , Thwomps , Snifits , etc. -RRB- . The only thing that I had a problem with was the ex-ruler being named Bowser -LRB- and returning to normal without being evolved by relevant technology -RRB- . The decor in Koopa 's Towers resembling castles in SMB3 was brilliant . And , wow ! Bob-ombs wear Reeboks ! Who knew ? The acting and effects were pretty awesome too . The animatronic Yoshi was beautiful and I was able to accept it as a real creature . Dennis Hopper and John Leguizamo were clearly delighted in their roles . Bob Hoskins was the perfect reluctant hero . I only wish I could see or at least read the sequel alluded to by the ending . In short , this movie is a fantastic 104 minutes for anyone with an open mind and even the slightest bit of imagination .
 As I write this review I am listening to the song from this movie by Roxette , `` Almost Unreal '' . Of which I purchaced after watching this movie and re-living what was then my favorite movie of all time as a child ! This movie was made before computers were at the level there are now , and for that I believe those who wrote reviews before me owe the producers a little credit for.What this movie lacks in technicality , it certainly makes up in imagination , the worst -LRB- Yet funny -RRB- one-liners , 5-star acting performaces -LRB- Look at Dennis Hopper . . LMAO ! -RRB- and overall movie magic from 13 odd years ago.If you have a vague memory of this movie but used to enjoy it , I 'd advise you to buy it , hey at $ 10 its worth the risk . Chances are you 'd enjoy it one way or another . One more thing , the goomba 's look hilarious and I thought the producers take of the goomba character was highly original and thoughtful , compared to just cut and pasting everything from the game.The Super Mario Bros , get into it !
 Super Mario Bros. . The Movie , or SMB : TM as I affectionately refer to it , is one of the first movies I ever saw in theaters as a child , so I will always see the movie through these rose tinted nostalgia goggles . As I 've gotten older and more discerning when it comes to films , my opinion of it has n't changed and I continue to watch it at least once a year . It will always be one of my favorite movies . It 's almost unreal how much I enjoy watching SMB : TM.With that being said , I pride myself on my ability to put personal inclination aside and be completely neutral and non-bias when watching and reviewing anything.So without further ado , let me tell you about the greatest motherplumbing movie in the universe.Maybe I 'm exaggerating.Let 's start with the opening , a crudely drawn cartoon that explains the backstory . This is my biggest gripe with this entire movie and it is without question its lowest point , which is unfortunately because it 's the first thing you see . It 's like the kid in class who spent all night writing a Grade-A book report , only to hastily draw a cover page in pen on loose leaf paper five minutes before he hands it in . Bad first impressions are hard to recover from and I wonder if I had seen this scene back in 1993 -LRB- I missed it because I was late -RRB- , would I have such high esteem for this film.In SMB : TM 's defense , this opening was a post-production addition to spell out the plot to the audience , since test audiences were getting confused about the plot . The split dimension and evolution of dinosaurs in the parallel world are all explained in the meat of the film , and even at eleven years-old I was able to understand the story even without this bit of forced exposition . It 's odd that Star Wars was allowed to get away with opening on a scrolling wall of text for six films without criticism , but I guess it helps being accompanied by John Williams 's music.By the way , score written by the phenomenal Alan Silvestri . Classic stuff.The plot of SMB : TM is a common target for negative reviewers . The bulk of the complaints are about how different the movie is from the plot of the video game . And we all hate movies that veer drastically from the source material , right ? It 's not like the screenwriters had a lot to go on , as the plot of the game was pretty minimal . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT for those who have n't finished Super Mario Bros. yet ... -RRB- You walk to the right , beat King Koopa , and save the Princess . That was it . Does n't make for a great movie on it 's own.SMB : TM gives us more . It establishes the relationship between the Mario Bros. , Princess Daisy , and King Koopa . It takes us from the humble beginnings as noble plumbers in Brooklyn to the regicidal badasses they become in the Mushroom Kingdom . Koopa 's mission to conquer our world after his cruelty and maniacal hubris has destroyed his own is a great evil scheme for the Brothers to thwart . The meteor creating a mirror dimension where dinosaurs thrived and evolved into Dino sapiens is an exquisite sci-fi angle to attack this from . King Koopa as a human works well , because you do n't want to see a fire-breathing cartoon turtle in a movie . Another reason I like the Dino sapiens angle is that a city of reptiles made with practical effects would break this movie rather quickly . It 'd be like watching an episode of Dinosaurs.And the plumbing ! They actually plumbed in this movie , I could n't believe it . 20 + years of games , I never seem the Mario Bros. touch a wrench . It always bothered me.The special effects in SMB : TM were hit and miss . Somehow , the Goombas managed to do both at once , which is impressive when you think about it . The tiny reptilian heads looked great and articulated well , but the fact that there was obviously the head of another person under there was just awkward and impossible to ignore . But their decision to go with practical effects paid off with Yoshi , who looked amazing . The Mushroom King and the rest of the fungus looked disgusting , which is exactly how it should looked . Gross is good . When I saw first saw the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie I was put off by the characters , especially Splinter , and how filthy they looked compared to the beautiful and squeaky clean cartoons , until I got into it and realized that this is how a movie version of them should look . Anything else would seem out of place.The setting was perfect . Dinohattan , colloquially called the Mushroom Kingdom because of the sentient fungus strangling the city , was the antithesis of the world the Mario Brothers came from . Just the place to put them if you want them to prove themselves to be heroes despite the odds . The brightly colored Mushroom Kingdom of the games is another element that just would n't translate over to film correctly . How can anyone feel threatened in a world where even the clouds are smiling at you?My only regret is that they only had a few miserable streets and an endless desert . I wish they 'd created other cities/kingdoms for the Mario Bros. to visit , as I 'd love to see the Blade Runner-esque ` Shroompunk versions of other game worlds.The cast is amazing . Regardless what you may think about some of the writing , each of the four leads did a commendable job . Hoskins and Hopper are incredible , as it is literally impossible to get a bad performance out of either of them . You could say that Hopper oversells Koopa , but what villain does n't oversell ? Evil is hammy , that 's just a way of life . Leguizamo and Mathis have this great awkward chemistry and their scenes together were adorkable.It disappoints me to hear that the cast had such a bad experience filming this film , but it 's obvious that they did n't just phone in their performances . They 're professionals and showing up every day to a job , even a job you hate , and doing your best work is the mark of a true professional.Look , I know SMB : TM is not perfect , but it 's not the steaming pile that most people make it out to be . I could go into it 's flaws , but tons of other reviewers would be happy to cover that . It 's worth mentioning that even though it set the bar pretty low all video game film adaptations to follow , 18 years later few movies have cleared that bar . As it stands , the only good video game movies are the first Mortal Kombat , the Resident Evil movies , and the Metal Gear Solid series.Shigeru Miyamoto mentioned in an interview that `` If we were going to make a Mario Bros. movie , that movie should be entertaining as a movie , and not a translation of the videogame . '' I agree with Shiggy , a literal one-to-one conversion of your favorite game will never work on the big screen , and SMB : TM was definitely more than a simple translation of the game.Maybe that 's the problem with video game movies now . Maybe Super Mario Bros. stumbled on the right formula for a video game movie and we rejected it , so now we 're stuck with Alone in the Dark and Tomb Raider
 As someone who viewed this movie as a kid -LRB- in theaters and on VHS -RRB- and as a fan of the video game series , I think this is a great and fun movie.The cast is cool and funny . The visual effects and set design are impressive for the time this movie was made . And the action and humour is very enjoyable.Many people have said this movie is horrible . I can somewhat agree that this movie is anything but perfect however I am able to understand what the filmakers were trying to accomplish with this film . After all this was the first time a movie was made based on a videogame . Also the game itself did n't have too much of a thick story so the filmakers did the best they could with what Mario material was made available at the time.All in all I watch this movie every now and then for nostalgia and for a good time -LRB- especially the former -RRB- . And I highly recomend this to anyone curious about it !
 As a young kid in the 90 's , discovering this film was a dream come true . I had grown up loving the live-action sequences of `` The Super Mario Bros. . Super Show '' and this film is like taking those sequences to 11 . Super Mario Bros. is fast paced and very engaging , and classic action from before the era of bullet time . I highly recommend the film to fans of Cyberpunk , gritty streets and monolithic skyscrapers ala Ridley Scott abound . Ignore the hatred you may have heard . Watch this film with an open mind before becoming tainted by cynical hair splitters , this is a superb movie experience ! A film like this really is a refreshing experience for fans who 've grown up and want a realistic approach to Mario , as Nintendo seems content to ignore its aging fanbase . Mario and Luigi are actual plumbers from Brooklyn ! Even the games never explained how this happened . Hearing Mario speaking with a Brooklyn accent is so refreshing after hearing years of the same goofy Italian accent overdone . A + Two plungers up !
 I saw this movie a few years ago , and I loved it ! It was n't what I expected to find in a Mario Bros. movie , but in a good way . I 've played Mario video games throughout my life and watching this live-action film based upon them was very interesting , if not a bit funny . Bowser being a person , and Mario and Luigi 's full names being Mario Mario and Luigi Mario was great . If you 're a Mario fan of any kind , you should watch this . : -RRB- I hope they make a re-release for this soon . I 'd love to see it in better quality . With every other movie getting a Blu-ray re-release , I ca n't imagine why they have n't given the same treatment for this !
 This remains one of my favorite movies and I am sad that it never gets appreciated in a way that it should . I was so excited to see when it was finally available to DVD and then immediately disappointed that there were NO special features on this film . It 's a special effects classic and not even a small feature on the making of ? Or at least storyboards or pictures of production ??? At the very least maybe a character profile or something ... It would really help sell this DVD I think if it at least had some special features on it . Still , ultimately I do love this movie and I hope it will one day get the cult classic revision that many other movies have seen in the recent years . : -RRB-
 i looked for this movie thru all the outlets and had told some friends about it so i came to amazon and found it and bought it so they could watch very enjoyable movie
 This Movie is Awesome , ok so it may not match up perfectly to the video game but this movie is action packed and John and Bob Play there roles as luigi and mario very well . put aside the game for awhile and enjoy this video as if any other movie because it is an excellent movie . Well Worth the watch . All these little losers who complain about its accuaracy are just little wieners who live with there parents and ca n't get laid and they do n't deserve to have a voice on the internet . . I highly reccomend this movie to anyone whos not gon na complain about video game accuarcy .
 Okay . This movie is a part of my childhood . I saw this movie in 93 when it first came out , and I loved it . I probably watched it nearly a dozen times when it came out on video , and I 've seen it several more times on TV and subsequent rentals.To say the least , this movie DOES take creative license to the extreme on the original game . But how else would you adapt a video game of a plumber hopping around on floating blocks , stomping on little mushroom-like goombas , and kicking green and red shells ? You CA N'T ! You simply can not make a faithful adaptation out of a game like SMB . But what you can do is take your own interpretation of it and turn it into one helluva ride.All bitching aside , this movie is a great film by itself . I bet anyone who reads this that the movie would be more widely accepted if it did n't bear the SMB name.The production values are insanely good , the acting is above par , -LRB- God bless John Leguizamo and Bob Hoskins , -RRB- and it has some of the first serious 3D effects -LRB- aside from T2 . -RRB- There are alot of good action sequences , set pieces , costumes , and scenarios in this scene . Just watch the scene where Mario and Luigi escape from the prison . It 's amazing!This movie deserves at LEAST a 6 or 7/10 on IMDB , as it 's much better than any movie on the worst 200 list . Just watch `` House of the Dead '' or `` Alone in the Dark '' to see my point.Do yourself a favor
 No I do n't mean you should have a movie about two guys jumping on things , I mean you could have made it a game with original character and item designs . Sure some parts of this movie represented things from the game -LRB- examples
 I love this video ! The only thing that kept from a five star flick is because it only had some of the original Mario Bros music during the beginning - `` A loong time ago ... '' , also , in the part before they get saved by fungus , Mario says `` I ca n't stop it ! It does n't have any brakes ! '' is totally bogus . Because when they were in a COP car , between two COP cars , he BRAKED which helped him lose the dopes . I still love it ! Rent it though , before you get it -LRB- if it 's even possible to get it -RRB- .
 This was a funny film but I did n't like that it was too kid oriented . They could have made this a funny sci-fi satire for adults . They also could have had something with those Iggy and Spike guys because they just disapeare after Daisy meets her dad . I will say one good thing
 I feel that this movie is n't very much like the games or the cartoons and TV shows that preceeded it , but it is Mario and you should at least rent this one if you 're unsure . It has some strange but interesting features !
 On a remote island called `` Dinohatten '' , a wealthy entrepreneur -LRB- King Koopa -RRB- and his team of scientists develop a means of bringing dinosaurs to life using DNA , taken from dinosaur blood which has been preserved inside insects encased in amber.King Koopa secretly creates a theme park showcasing these dinosaurs -LRB- Koopa Troopas -RRB- , with dreams of making millions from curious spectators . Before opening the attraction to the public , King Koopa invites two plumbers , Mario and Luigi -LRB- the Super Mario Bros. ! -RRB- , and their friend Princess Daisy to experience the park . Hoping to calm anxious investors , King Koopa gives the group full-access to the island.However , their visit to the park is anything but tranquil , as the park 's security system breaks down , King Koopa and the Koopa Troopas break out and take Princess Daisy hostage . It 's up to Mario and Luigi to save her and the Mushroom Kingdom from this tyrant . Fortunately for Mario and Luigi , before they went off to battle the Koopa Troopas , they used the secret code that gave them both 99 lives . And they 'll need every one of them to defeat the mightiest Koopa Troopa of them all -- Bowser!First - class special effects , a solid script , and a talented cast help bring the excitement of the video game to life . `` The Super Mario Bros. '' movie is one of the best movies based on a video game -- second only to `` Double Dragon '' . If you 've ever wanted to know the whole story behind the Mario Bros. -LRB- is Mario and Luigi 's last name `` Mario '' ? -RRB- , this is the movie is for you !
 This film is a blast ! The action and FX are superb ! Now i 'll tell you about the characters . # 1 Mario , Mario is good and perfect . # 2 Luigi , no mustache , but that makes him look better . # 3 Daisy , no Peach , but Daisy was always a cooler character in the games then Peach and now she is the damsel in distress . # 4 Koopa , okay , they COMPLEATLY MESSED UP KOOPA !! He 's supposed to be a dinosaur , but in this film he is a goofy looking guy with a weird looking head . # 5 Toad , Toad from what i remember in this movie he 's not a mushroom , he 's a guy in the city who 's turned into a Goomba but he 's a good guy . # 6 Yoshi , Yoshi is plain adorable ! He 's not a green dinosaur who leaps around and has a long tounge , he 's a baby dinosaur who i 'm guessing is a pet for Koopa . He 's a hero cause he saved Daisy from Koppa 's wife by using the `` Yoshi Tounge '' move on her . # 7 Goomba , Goombas are these big , fat , lizard people that work for Koopa . But one Goomba is nice , Toad . # 8 Bob-omb , Yes Bob-omb is in this movie , it is called `` The Bomb '' and it is just a wind up bomb that walks around and then blows up . There 's a lot more characters , but they really are n't old favorates from the Mario games . Overall , this film rocks ! I recommend it !
 this is just a great movie , nothin needs to be saidjust watch the movie and you 'll know whyo yeah , did i mention , its an awesome movie !
 well i had fun watching the movie i had long time with out seeing this movie thanks alot for having it
 well i had to take a star off cause of the cast , In the game Mario Is full italian and not as large as hoskins and Luigi is a wimpy sad little green Leprechan in the games and not as brave and determined in the movie But other then that it was awsome !!!!!!!!! The movie is about 2 plumbers -LRB- Mario and Luigi -RRB- they are having problems with a bigger plumbing buisness and the other plumbers keep beeting the Mario Broes to the places so they are goin broke . Meanwhile on the other side of town a young girl named daisey is having problems identifieying a new type of dino because of the same guys that are putting the mario broes out of buissnes . So Daisey goes to a pay phone to try to get new security to keep the other guys out . Back to the Mario broes , Their van breaks down and while Mario is trying to fix the van Luigi sees Daisey and falls in love with her . Later Luigi summens the courege to ask Daisey out and she accepts the offer and she takes Luigi to her dino site right after , about 10 minits after they get there the large plumbing buissness tries to flood the site and while the Mario Broes are trying to fix it Daisey is Kidnapped and taken to a parelel universe and the Mario broes must save her from a planet ruled by dinos and thugs and take her back safley . This is a great movie and youll enjoy it just as Mutch as I did . Buy it first chance you get
 Fun movie !!!! :-RRB- MY BODY IS NOTHINGfor fans of :1.2.3 .
 Buyer Beware
 I had this movie on VHS and my son loves watching it , so I bought it on DVD . It really is a good movie
 I liked this movie quite a bit . I felt that it was funny , and the special effects were quite nice . It doens ' t deserve all the bad reviews it 's getting . I highly recommmend it .
 I first got this movie in a collection of Laserdiscs that a friend gave me . I liked it so much that i obtained a DVD copy as soon as it was available ! I never was a big fan of the Video Game , but I LOVED THE MOVIE ! I was disappointed that they ended the movie perfectly for a sequel , AND NEVER MADE ONE ! -LRB- I WAS glad it was NOT a DVD - R &#34; Made on Demand &#34; copy , but rather a Studio release . -RRB- This is a replacement copy . The first copy was evidently so popular that it was stolen from me ! I LOVE this movie !
 My brother and I used to watch this as kids . It 's not exactly great cinema , but we grew up with it and it is still fun to watch and laugh at . It 's not one that should be taken too seriously .
 So glad I actually found it ! Remember seeing it when I was little but no one else seems to have seen it . Now I have proof ! And some 90s flashbacks haha
 i was told this movie had been discontinued and not available in my movie store . But Amazon had it new and available for cheap !! Fantastic acquisition for my collection . I received the movie in only 5 days to Canada .
 Super Mario Brothers the movie is simple elegance captured on celluloid . It 's the tale of two brothers from New York City that embark on an epic journey into a strange world with fantastic creatures and a villain that ranks up there with the other classic cinema villains such as Darth Vader , Hannibal and Super Shredder.The best part of this movie is that I 'm never distracted by all of the familiar elements and characters from the video game . Not once in Super Mario Brothers the movie was I overwhelmed with nostalgic thoughts or feelings causing my mind to drift off to the countless happy moments of playing Super Mario Brothers on my NES.I was firmly grounded in the truly original and unexpected world created by Rocky Morten and Annabel Jankel . I admire them for taking such a beloved franchise and re-imagining it into a unique representation that is free from familiarity and nostalgia . It allows for the tale of two plumbers , fighting dinosaur creatures , with a fungus king , and a villain with a de-evolving ray-gun to stand on its own . Bravo .
 this movie came out when i was young . in this movie the Mario Bro . go into the Dinosaur world for the first time . the movie does not go animated after a certain point live action the whole way . they go from nobody 's to hero 's a good movie .
 I played the game on nintendo and I loved this movie when I was a little girl . I could not resist buying this dvd . My 6 year old son now plays New Super Mario Bros. . Wii and enjoyed the movie too .
 Lambasted on it 's original release and despite significant flaws , Super Mario Bros. has maintained a longevity which has transcended it 's original release , and now is a cult classic
 The acting really is n't that bad and neither is the plot . Overall , the movie is silly . But I think that was the intention . Some of the special effects and visuals were not top quality . In the elevator scene , a goomba creature has a foam lizard head and the lower jaw gets bent . A ba-bomb gets pulled by a thin wire that you can see . But there are great parts , such as the dancing and use of music in the Boom Boom Bar.I do wish this movie was made about 5 years later . While it has good special effects -LRB- other than the poorly done ones -RRB- , it could have had better if they had waited . It would have been right up there with Men in Black . But this movie is still special to me , as a Nintendo gamer . Luigi 's clothing was great , a little 80 's , but had me wanting to wear the same . Little touches like that helps the film feel like a video game hangout .
 I 've seen this movie on disney . It 's great . i love it . It 's really kinda wierd cause luigi 's the hero instead of Mario ...
 OKay , I can understand where some people might view this movie as corny , hoaky , silly , and yes , perhaps even a bit naive . But when they write a review saying that their inner child has died because of this particular flick , that is by FAR too harsh a statement . This movie is really quite adorable , what with a mention of all your favorite characters from the originial NES game that launched an empire . People do n't seem to understand that this particular item is a movie , subject to marketing ploys and directorial lisence . I mean , let 's be serious , had the movie been made as cartoony as the game , what would we have had on our hands ? Garbage . When present works of art in gaming are recreated for the silver screen , certain lisences and liberties are required to be taken , as more often than not , what you have is not enough to please a movie goer audience.I loved this movie . I was content to at least hear mention of all my favorite characters , and quite happy with the brand new plot . In fact , the way that all the elemtents of a cartoony and silly game were incorporated into a made-for-an-older-audience movie was really quite ingenious.See this movie , if only to allow yourself to reminisce .
 This Movie finally gets what it deserves , a DVD release . Now I never liked the video game or its characters , but this movie is a sure fire hoot . meaning its funny -- a comedy , it has action -- an action movie , and it is loosely science fiction . The exact three genres I particularly like in movies . One point that should be mentioned , it has a romantic flavor to it ; Luigi and Princess Daisy start to develop a relationship that would have continued if Disney / Hollywood Pictures would have developed a sequel to this great picture . The video game would have been much , much , much more interesting if the plot and design would have been like the movie .
 THIS MOVIE IS GREAT . FINALLY MARIO & LUIGI MY FAVORITE CHARECTERS HAVE A MOVIE !!! DESPITE ALL THE OTHER REVEIWS , THIS MOVIE IS ACTION PACKED . IT ALL STARTS OUT AS MARIO & LUIGI ARE A COUPLE OF PLUMBERS LIVING THE HARD LIFE.THEN THEY MEET DAISY.DAISY GETS KIDNAPPED BY KOOPA , THE BROS. , OF COURSE FOLLOW THEM INTO ANOTHER DIMENSION ! THATS ALL IM GON NA TELL YOU . GREAT MOVIE , 5 STARS
 I love this video ! The only thing that kept from a five star flick is because it only had some of the original Mario Bros music during the beginning - `` A loong time ago ... '' , also , in the part before they get saved by fungus , Mario says `` I ca n't stop it ! It does n't have any brakes ! '' is totally bogus . Because when they were in a COP car , between two COP cars , he BRAKED which helped him lose the dopes . I still love it ! Rent it though , before you get it -LRB- if it 's even possible to get it -RRB- .
 I 've seen people 's reviews about this being badly done and somewhat corny , but I think it was made to be like that.The Mario Brothers must save the Princess Toadstool from the evil Koopas that are taking over the alternate dimension while the Princess learns about her own past.Personally , I like this movie . It brings back memories of my childhood . And while the story does not follow the plot of the original games , the movie is still enjoyable .
 I bought this movie for my 23 year old daughter for Christmas . She loves this movie and wanted it . I was up set how ever that right after i bought it here . I found it at Walmart much cheaper . It is a cute movie
 IF YOU LOVE THE GAME , THIS MOVIE FOLLOWS IT TO THE DOT . IT HAS SOME CRAZY GRAPHICS WHICH MATCH THE GAMES CHARACTERS VERY GOOD . I RECOMMEND GETTING THIS MOVIE !
 A word to filmgoers
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! So what if it 's not the game ! I 'm just unhappy they did a crappy soundtrack . I had to buy a bootleg cd to get Alan Silvestri 's score . The movie had its parts just for kids , but I am 15 years old and I still want a pair of those cool boots ! I wish there was a DVD , too . When I first saw this movie , I hoped there would be a sequel , and I still want Super Mario Breothers Part II . Those of you who hate this movie wiil probably grow up to be critics , like another reviewer said . Critics usually hate the best movies . They hated this , The Goonies , Jurassic Park , Blues Brothers , etc. , and these are great movies.Take a look after the credits for a surprise from the Super Koopa Cousins !
 Call me a nerd but this by far the best live action movie I have ever seen in my days . I didnt buy it but I rented it and I watched it thorugh at least 12x ! I admit it strays far from the games but its kinda like a prequel to the game and thats what everyone wants . so plese in the name of all nintendo dont pay attention to the bad reveiws !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this movie , it is a great movie , a lot of people think this is a stupid movie , but I think it is a classic , and is VERY well done , I think everyone should own this movie , or at least watch it !!!
 The i loves it and am very happy.This product was shipped fast and would not mind buying from again ... . thanks
 I 've loved this movie since I was a kid , and now my kids get to experience it 's awesomeness , too . I am so happy to finally have it in my collection .
 I 've seen and read a lot of reviews about this movie , but I guess you could say that I had to see for myself before I could agree or disagree with any of them.Many , many people criticize and ridicule this film for its inaccuracy in regards to the actual video games . I 've grown up watching my younger cousin play the games -- I personally have practically no interest in playing unless its a group free-for-all -- and although I ca n't call myself an expert in Mario , I can say that it is a true point.Super Mario Bros. is / not / like the game . But from even a few minutes of watching , its clear to see that they were n't trying to make it like the game . On the contrary , the writers and directors of this film created something very different -- and yet similar -- to the game it was based on . But that does n't make the movie bad!Personally , I adore this movie . The effects -- although not up to par with this day and age -- are n't really that bad , especially if you 're paying more attention to the acting and the plot than the effects going on around it . Sure , the goombas do n't look like they 're very real and Yoshi does n't look like a living breathing animal , but that does n't change that Mario and Luigi are a blast to watch , that the sets are entertaining , and that Princess Daisy -- in a stroke of rarity -- is n't an annoying heroine.Honestly , this movie does n't deserve all the crap its getting . Its a fun film that 's entertaining to watch , and is an especially great movie for a rainy day or a group gathering of friends where you just want something fun to watch . Sure , it is n't accurate and its an older movie . Sure , the ending seems rushed and it was set up for a sequel that never comes . Sure , you never actually find out a lot of things that -- at least to me -- can be infuriating . But it is a brilliant idea from the writers and I will definitely be buying this movie and watching it on at least an annual basis . Hope this has been a help to those who are n't quite sure whether to watch , or not to watch . Watch it once and give it a try ! You might surprise yourself .
 I saw this when I was a kid , and though I was n't exactly a huge fan of it , I did collect quite a few of the trading cards . Saw it again just recently . Though it augments a couple of the ideas from the Super Mario series -LRB- Thwomp Stompers , Goombas , etc -RRB- , Super Mario Bros is nothing like those early Nintendo games . Rather than being a colourful , cute and varied fantasy , the world of the `` Mushroom Kingdom '' is trashy and dirty , full of crime , cars , cages and sci-fi explanations . Still , I found it entertaining enough , I loved Bob Hoskins as Mario , particularly his scenes in New York as a plumber and his banter with Luigi . Plus , the film captures a style and an era that is thoroughly interesting.Mario and his kid brother Luigi are plumbers , and after finishing a job run into Daisy , a student archaeologist who is digging up a site in Brooklyn which may be where the meteor that wiped the dinosaurs out is buried . Luigi falls for Daisy , and takes her on a double date with Mario and his own girlfriend . But things go wrong that night when Mario 's date is kidnapped and the site where Daisy and her team are digging is sabotaged . While fixing up the damage with Mario and Luigi , Daisy is also kidnapped . Mario and Luigi follow the echoes of her screams down a tunnel and find a gateway into a parallel dimension , where dinosaurs evolved into human beings , and live on a world short of resources and all desert , save for a city run by a man named Koopa ... If you 're after a more accurate adaption , I 'd recommend checking out the cartoon series , or the old `` choose your own adventure '' style books that were made of the Mario series , if you can manage to find them .
 When I was a kid , I liked this movie . Now that I 'm older , I still like it ! The movie is very different from the game ! It was cool that they played the Mario music at the beginning of the movie ! Bob Hoskins made an awesome Mario , but I 'm not sure John Legiuzamo was right for Luigi . Mario and Luigi meet a girl named Daisy -LRB- Princess Toadstool -RRB- Luigi starts to fall in love with her . Later two guys take Daisy back to another dimension . Mario and Luigi follow and come to a world where dinosaurs look like real people and live in a world where King Koopa rules . Mario and Luigi try to save Princess Daisy from Koopa 's castle ! If you love the game , you might like the film version of SUPER MARIO BROTHERS !!!
 My 12-year old son is a Mario `` junkie '' and loves all things Mario . He buys old Nintendo game systems and games just for another Mario `` experience '' . Just last weekend with birthday money he purchased four Mario game dolls -LRB- Mario , Luigi , the gorilla and another character -RRB- all at once . With that in mind I purchased Super Mario Bros. starring Bob Hoskins for his birthday . Although he complained that John Leguizamo -LRB- sp ? -RRB- looked nothing like Luigi he seemed to thoroughly enjoy the film .
 I saw this movie way back when it came out in the theaters but that was so long ago so when I seen it on Amazon I had to get it to see if it was as good as i remember it and it was better . I tell you it is hard to even take it from the player . I think it 's really good . Dennis Hopper does a great job as Koopa and the Mario Bros. are great . And for those of you who might think that the princess 's name should be Peach not Daisy you are a little off the page . The character of Daisy first shows up in Super Mario Land as Luigi 's girl while Peach is Mario 's . DUH !!
 I loved this it came a little bit slower but the wait was worth it , because once I got my family already watched it before I did when I came home from work .
 Here 's the reality
 This movie is the better than the video game itself . It is filled with action , laughter , suspense , and yes romance . I love the goombas !
 Super Mario Bros. is a movie with a troubled history.It initially was written as a fantasy movie by Tom S. Parker and Jim Jennewein with three foot Toad people and three foot Goombas , Hammer Bros , a turtle-shelled King Koopa and rolling green hills of the Mushroom Kingdom , with castles , green pipes and a damsel in distress -- that was one of the first drafts of the screenplay , written in 1991 . In 1992 , Rocky Morton and Anabel Jankel took over the project and wanted to take the film in a more ` adult ' direction , so they hired screenwriters Parker Bennett and Terry Runte who wrote a Ghostbusters - influenced science fiction movie with thousands of references to the game , but alas , it was not meant to be . So then they hired Dick Clement and Ian la Frenais , who wrote a hard-boiled , balls-to-the-wall Mad Max inspired movie with fewer references to the game but had stronger character development and a better plot -- this is the script that Bob Hoskins , Dennis Hopper and Fiona Shaw read and decided to join the project , but were very dismayed when on the first day of shooting they were handed an entire new script by Edward Solomon and Ryan Rowe . As the filming progressed , the script changed many times . The directors wanted a more ` adult ' sci-fi film , but the producers wanted something more family friendly -- it tried to be too many things at once . But in the end , we got a quirky and fairly original film.It pains me to admit this , but I did n't even know who Mario was until 1996 . My parents never really bought into the video-game thing until the Nintendo 64 -- which I got on either my ninth birthday or Christmas of 1996 . The first game I got on that system was Super Mario 64 , both of which -LRB- the very same console and the cartridge -RRB- are still in pristine condition to this day.However , it was not until the next year , 1997 , a banner year , that I was made aware of the existence of a movie based on our favorite plumbers . I was watching a movie and I said to my Dad , `` would n't it be cool if they made a movie out of Mario ? '' To which he replied
 It is a good movie that 's much better than its reputation would indicate . It has creative costume design , a cool parallel world and groundbreaking digital effects that hold up even now , nearly 20 years later . It 's just a fun movie with a lot going for it if you know where to look and how to appreciate it . It would heavily benefit from a Blu-Ray re-release that includes deleted scenes and other special features .
 The Mario movie may not have anything related to the games , but that 's not what matter about it . What matters about it is that it 's a good movie nonetheless.It is what some people call Mario on steroids . The Mario Bros venture through a cool-looking city , trying to go and rescue Princess Daisy from King Koopa , who is a human that descended from a T-Rex . How is that bad ? It 's cool!I mean , seriously . True , the cast seems a bit awkward , but that thought fades away once you see how tough Bob Hoskins makes Mario look . Ever wanted to hear Mario say `` C'mon kid ... we 're going in '' ? Here you go.If you like action-adventure movies , this is one you should watch . Mario fans who want him to stay within the Mushroom Kingdom-y elements should back off .
 I loved this movie when it first came out on VHS & still do . Wonderful movie , all kids & adults should see it !!!
 A story about two hard working Italian plumber brothers named Mario Mario and Luigi Mario , who befriends a young paleontologist named Daisy . She uncovers a massive find of mysterious new dinosaur bones . While exploring the tunnels where dinosaur fossils lay , saboteurs hired by the Mario Bros. rival businessman , Anthony Scapelli , to break some underground pipes . Meanwhile , in a hidden world called Dino-world , King Koopa 's land is running out of water and going through problems so he sends Spike and Iggy to kidnap Daisy ! Now the Super Mario Bros. find themselves the only hope to save the Earth from invasion then challenge a diabolical lizard king and they must battle giant reptilian goombas , outwit misfit thugs and undermine sinister scheme by taking over the world . A classic game adapted to a fantasy reality that parallels , is simply brilliant . The rendition of koopa-manhattan is great . The city adds life to this movie , it makes it real in it 's own fantastic way . If you love the games and have an open minded imagination , this is a must watch movie .
 great game ... very cute movie replica of the game ... my kids watched the movie and then high tailed it straight to there video systems .
 I got this VHS at a Walgreens about six or seven years ago . The first time I watched this video I was six years old living in Japan and frankly my opinion has not changed to this day as it is a perfect example of a cult classic.My review : Picture quality
 You ca n't go into this film with an idea in your mind how it will be . There 's no koopa shells or mushrooms , no fireballs or star powers . The Mario Bros. theme is spun on its head and changes everything into a more gritty , `` real '' version of itself.This film fits into an older generation of films that is not really my thing . The film is mixed together with Bladerunnner environment , Indiana Jones adventure , and Home Alone silliness , resulting in a unique blend that is punctuated by the Mario references.I would have liked the film even more if it had taken its Bladerunner aspects and made this a movie more for adults , like a `` Batman Begins '' for the super Mario brothers.If I had seen this as a child , I probably would have loved it , but since this was the first time I had seen it , after years and years of playing the Mario games , it did not quite meet my expectations .
 Well , growing up in a world with Super Mario , I soon became curious to know if there was a Mario movie . And to my delight there was ! 1993 , Bob Hoskins , John Leguizamo and Dennis Hopper brought life into the silver screen as Mario , Luigi and King Koopa . While it 's not a perfect film , it is not a bad one . It gets a lot of flack for being a bad adaptation to the gaming franchise of the same name . Despite it 's flaws it 's a very fun movie . The acting is top notch and great . Hoskins and Leguizamo make great Mario Bros. and Hopper makes A * Human * Bowser/Koopa hilarious and sinister.This movie demands a re-release and needs additions added to this bare-bones DVD.Special Features ... Audio Commentaries ... Deleted Scenes ... Character/Acter Bios ... Behind the scenes ... Interviews GALORE ... I have spoken .
 This movie has a bad reputation behind it that I find is completely undeserved . I think the problem is mostly its image , which for many has nothing more to do than the fact that it 's an adaptation of one of the most popular video games of all time.While it can not be denied the film is at least much different from the games both visually and thematically , it is certainly arguable whether or not this makes it a less faithful adaptation . The games featured two New York Italian brothers chasing a princess into a parallel world to rescue her from a dinosaur-king and , when you get down to it , that 's exactly what the movie is about , too.The movie 's strength is that it 's unadulterated fun . Everyone behind the movie put their creative energies into making it the best it could be for its time . For coming out a few weeks before Jurassic Park they did pretty well.Next year will be the movie 's 20th anniversary . A re-release featuring improved picture quality and some special features would be completely deserved and more than likely well-received . People are looking at this movie now and they really see something they like . It 's about time that that 's acknowledged .
 This film always gets plaque because of the simple fact that it 's story is n't exact to the game itself . Think of it in this perspective , if a film was only about a guy who jumps on turtles and goes down pipes , the film would n't be very interesting now would it ? This movie goes beyond that and creates a realism within the story and characters to show a much more clever and diverse story . Looking at this film , it 's actually rather brilliant how the realistically incorperated the characters.You either love this movie , or hate it . And I feel that people cease to look at this film in the correct perspective . In my opinion , this is the best video game adaptation out there besides Mortal Kombat . If you havent seen this film , I advise you to give it a try and to keep an open mind , you will enjoy it much more . Give it a shot , it deserves it .
 While I ca n't argue that Super Mario Bros. is `` misunderstood , '' the way one Amazon user does , It 's better than its reputation . Although it may be -- sorry , is -- a terrible adaptation of the video game , it 's a fascinating train wreck of the license , the directors ' vision , and filmmaking by committee.A few thoughts about the movie : - People like to call movies like this `` incoherent '' or `` convoluted , '' and there are stories of last-minute rewrites that Hoskins and Leguizamo would become so frustrated with , they eventually started ignoring them . However , the movie 's meteorite plot is actually pretty straightforward , and there are n't any useless , dead-weight scenes where the characters are all distracted by some other goal . Even if detours with `` Big Bertha at the Boom Boom Bar '' and some of the characters ' paths to the finale could 've been smoothed out by a better script , the movie makes sense and does n't drag . - The film 's bizarre Blade Runner-meets-Jurassic Park production and costume design is overlooked . Spark-spraying vehicles with motors on the outside and bulldozer-style shovels on the front ! Huge propaganda-like billboards for Koopa loom over the city ! There 's even some thought in the pointy walls of Koopa 's tower , which evoke the castles from the game , plus more direct references like Bullet Bill , the Bob-Omb , and Yoshi -LRB- an impressive animatronic creation -RRB- . There 's not much internal logic -LRB- no idea why it 'd be efficient for cars to be powered by cables and have no internal braking system -RRB- , but it 's memorable . - The cast is actually phenomenal . Super Mario Bros. may not take advantage of it , but the idea of Bob Hoskins of The Long Good Friday facing off against Blue Velvet 's Dennis Hopper is great all by itself , and John Leguizamo , Samantha Mathis , Fisher Stevens , Richard Edson , and Fiona Shaw are no slouches either . The performances are limited by the needs of the script , but for an action film / a kid 's film / a stupid film / a troubled film , all of their work is decent.Really , the worst thing about Super Mario Bros. is that it 's a terrible adaptation of the video game , but that 's more like `` a fascinating lack of resemblance to the video game . '' Hollywood 's history is littered with astonishingly bad ideas that died in development , and yet Super Mario Bros. , in all its bizarre glory , was actually produced and released into over a thousand movie theaters , a fact that is never more apparent than the prologue by Dan Castellaneta , which describes the entire dino-universe concept using bad CD-ROM-game cartoon graphics , before ending with `` and hey ... what if they found a way back ? '' , which is a finish I 'd like to believe was lifted directly from the pitch meeting with Hollywood Pictures executives.When Buena Vista released the DVD of the film way back in 2003 , I was just relieved it was in widescreen . These days , the non-anamorphic , completely bare-bones disc could really use an upgrade . Although it seems unlikely that Disney -LRB- or whoever it is that controls the film now , in case it was sold off with the Miramax and Dimension libraries -RRB- would ever grant the movie a special edition , the Super Mario Bros Archive website has compiled a pretty impressive amount of material on the making of this bizarre creation . Should the film be released on Blu-Ray , I hope whoever releases it considers asking for the folks at SMBA to participate ; I 'd love the opportunity to see some deleted scenes or even interviews on the making of this , one of the most bizarre movies of all time.Super Mario Bros. may not be a traditionally `` good '' movie , but it has a special place in my heart . In terms of doing justice to the source material , I understand why people call it the worst video game movie of all time , but it 's more than watchable , and it 's just fun to marvel at the fact the movie even exists . Not to mention , Street Fighter is way , way worse .
 The Super Mario Bros. movie is an intriguing treat for those who love Mario and have an open mind.A lot of people dump on it because it does n't quite resemble the Mario they know , but when it comes to Hollywood , that is nothing new . We 've seen what Adam West did to Batman before Frank Miller took him back to his darker roots , and similarly , the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon which became a smash hit and cultural phenomenon bore little resemblance to the grim 'n gritty comic book parody originally envisioned by creators Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird . Ironically , the popularity brought on by that cartoon would lead the TMNT to their own series of major motion pictures , none of which resembled the cartoon very much.And then we have the criticisms that this world of Mario does not resemble what we know today . Of course , this portrayal was created before Charles Martinet gave him an Italian accent and punctuated so many of his actions with yells of `` woo-hoo ! '' and `` yippee ! '' , so there would have been no way for the movies to get that unless they were to have created it , and for the games to take it from that . Obviously , that is n't how things played out.This version of Super Mario Bros. follows on from a more oldschool interpretation of the characters , where they come from Brooklyn instead of the Mushroom Kingdom , and speak accordingly . Mario is a bit more gruff-sounding , but that 's nothing new -- at least , not to fans of the day , as those who watched the cartoons can attest . And while the cartoons based on Super Mario Bros. 3 and Super Mario World were a bit more true to the games , the movie is more like the original Super Show , in that they played things rather fast and loose with what little the games had managed to establish by this time.To that end , though records show that the directors had no idea what they were doing , the end result manages to be an enjoyable enough work on its own . Mario and Luigi have an enjoyable brotherly rapport , and while Dennis Hopper could have used a big tube of red hair dye , horns , and bushy eyebrows to better approximate a Koopa recognizable to fans , his cartoonish supervillainy seems to strike an appropriate balance to the darkened atmosphere provided by the post-apocalyptic world presented in the parallel dimension of Dinohattan.In fact , the movie feels almost like a big-budget Mario film version of what SEGA and DiC produced in the Saturday morning version of Sonic the Hedgehog , which came out around the same time . Both have their environmental themes , and where Sonic plays with turning organic creatures into robots -LRB- not cyborgs , but full metal-and-circuitry robots -RRB- , Mario instead features dinosaurs and evolution -- or more precisely , de-evolution , Koopa 's weapon of choice against those who would stand in the way of his goal of unifying his resource-depleted world with ours.Of course , one obviously became a hit with its fandom , while the other did not . If you ca n't tell which is which , just know that Sonic has kept the characters of that cartoon alive to this day through Archie 's comic book.And though the movie is a bit darker than the Mario world fans know and love today , it 's not SO dark as to be off-putting . The movie drew influence from the 1984 film Ghostbusters , and you can see how some of that came through in the humor provided to temper the grim setting.Another complaint about the movie is how it seems to resemble very little in the games , but the truth of the matter is that while it does not bear as strong a resemblance as earlier drafts of the script had intended , those working behind the scenes did their best to subvert the wishes of the directors and include a number of nods to the games . And while some are plainly obvious , such as the neon signs reading `` Bullet Bill 's , '' there are also a lot of other really subtle touches which seem designed to reach out to fans of the games , and can require multiple viewings just to catch them all . There may be some question as to which ones were deliberate , and which ones are coincidence , but that 's all part of the fun of watching , to see how many you can find . -LRB- Hint
 Just recently I dusted off my cabinet and watched a video I had n't watched in almost ten years ... Super Mario Bros. , the 1993 film . As the very first film adaptation of a video game , this movie is notorious for being the worst or best movie ever depending on who you ask . I believe people should watch this movie with an open mind , however I do n't think it 's nearly as bad as many make it out to be.I am a huge Mario fan and own all his games , and personally , I really did n't have a problem with this movie . If some would just forget about the games for a moment and watch this movie without harping on all the ways it 's different from the franchise they may come to appreciate what a theatrical achievement it really was . There certainly were a few definite problems with it , but I think people deride it too harshly and fail to realize what it was really made for . It was n't meant to be exactly like the Mario we know now , they used their imaginations to create a Mario never seen before , and with Mario being still a young and under-developed character at the time this was no easy task.I will begin my review by stating of conceding to an extent with the negative response from the film , being the more commonly-accepted side . No movie is perfect , so it 's only fair to point out some of the times where I felt the movie could have been done better : THE BADThe main problem , I think , with the movie , is not the movie itself , but that it had the capacity to be much , much better . That 's not saying that final result was bad , just that if they really were able to capture all the essence of Mario on one live-action movie it could have had the potential for best picture . Unfortunately though , Mario is a difficult character to portray fully with all facets present , and being such a fantastic character known and loved anywhere and everywhere , it 's no wonder this film has been so heavily criticized as a result.There were some aspects that bothered me , such as a clean-shaven Luigi , a humanoid Koopa , a hippy Toad and the Mushroom King . I felt these deviations were unnecessary . I still do n't know why Luigi was minus his mustache but I believe it was because John Leguizamo was loathe about sporting it and Rocky Morton , one of the directors , thought it took away from the character they were trying to express . Koopa probably could have been much better as a Koopa and Yoshi as a more friendly-looking Dinosaur , with all the numerous characters as they really are and not warped . Toad was a bit of a disaster and accomplished little else than a discordant hillbilly having to be put up with , while at the same time being an aberration of Toad . -LRB- As you can see though , even now I sound like someone raving about the canonical issues and I could pointlessly go on and on , but the point is to look past all this when watching the film . -RRB- The Goombas posed a threat to my liking . Even though effect-wise they were well-done , just looking at them normally gives me the creeps . With shrunken heads expressing way too much emotion and grunting moans , this made it disturbing for children and too outlandish for adults . Another problem I had with the film was its assertion that Darwinism and The Big Bang is truthful , which was really unneeded and it only accomplished repulsing Christian families from it.And now my biggest pet peeve about the entire movie was the numerous adult themes . With language , sensuality , much harshness and some sci-fi violence , if anything tore the movie apart at the box office , this was it . If you 're going to make a film with adult themes base it off a video game targeting an adult demographic , not a children-friendly universal icon like Mario . This was the main fall-on-face flop of the film , and had they gotten a `` G '' rating it surely would have done much better , with the majority of the viewing audience being avid young Super Mario fans.THE GOODAlthough , canonical conniptions and racy-tones aside , this movie was truly great . The first thing is the crucial impact this film had on Mario . Though the film was a flop reception-wise , it still introduced Mario to mass audiences in a theatrical setting and even played a part on Mario 's development . The disputed `` Mario '' surname originated from this movie , the film brought back Daisy after a 4-year-long hiatus from Super Mario Land , it helped materialize the idea of Mario and Luigi in their plumbing profession and it helped contributed to Luigi 's personality as the more comical and awkward of the two bros. . It even introduced Luigi as having affection for Daisy . Like it or not , people who hate this movie ca n't deny the critically needed boost it provided to the franchise.Another thing worth noting is the acting . Following Captain Lou Albano 's footsteps , Bob Hoskins portrayal as Mario was a spectacular new take on the character . Hoskins nailed the role perfectly and even added aspects to the character that still endure today . Newcomer Leguizamo as Luigi was very well portrayed -LRB- though not quite as well cast as Mario -RRB- , and Dennis Hopper did well as a slimy reptilian with Samantha Mathis as Daisy , the Princess of Sarasaland . It must be remembered that these were the times before Charles Martinet and the universally accepted nature of Mario , a time where there was still much imaginative work to be done.The special effects were another huge contributing asset to the film . They are obviously dated now , but when they were shown in 1993 the result was mind-blowing . The critics that saw the movies noted how `` eye-popping '' the special effects were and how the movie excelled highly in that regard . The scene where Daisy 's head is shown calling for help through a rockfall using a sand-effect has been used in many movies following it , Yoshi was well done on the effects side , and the Goombas with computer-generated expressions were impressive effects as well . The de-evolution screen was well-done for its time and the multiple explosions and real-life sets had me wondering if what I saw was real.My favorite aspect of the movie and one quite I tip my hat to is the spot-on comedy . The movie was action-packed while at the same time being really funny amidst a dystopian storyline setting . The jokes were witty , sharp and just plain hilarious at times , which made the film all the better . The Mario references spread-out throughout the whole movie added a real comedic effect and feel to the overall film , just like icing on the cake . It even had some political satires with Koopa on VOTE posters along `` Dinohattan '' . The story was one last aspect I will emphasize on . I think the story for the movie was well-written with many plot-twists and clever undertakings people would n't expect . Just think of what they had to go on
 Everyone says this movie sucks because its not like the games . But hey , if you think about it and pretend the mario games arnt even real what do u see ? A great movie.it has a good cast , story , and its very funny . Im obssed with mario but i lovr this movie even if its tottlay off from the game.-Derek
 This movie came into theaters just weeks before Jurassic Park , which completely overshadowed it both financially and critically . Super Mario Bros. was failed not because it was bad but because it was simply just forgotten.That 's a shame because its on a level all its own . It went up against Jurassic park with a single cable-operated T. rex puppet and a lot of tall men in pinhead suits . Despite that , you feel that these dinosaurs are so much more real because they ARE real . You could literally reach out and touch them , unlike the fully-CG dinos in Jurassic Park.For that reason alone it deserves a watch . Super Mario Bros. may not have the same spectacle of Jurassic Park , but it surely offers something much more special
 This one of my most fav movies!I purchased this DVD so that I could have a back up in case the one I have gets ruined or misplaced .
 I loved this movie in 1993 , and I still do . Critics said it was `` too dark , '' but if you want something just like the game , watch the Saturday morning cartoon . The harsh , grimy netherworld of the Koopas is unexpectedly weird and creative , and with some of the last animatronic puppets before special effects went CG , The Super Mario Bros. . Movie is a small masterpiece .
 I do wish that the movie had been closer to the game in plot and setting - Dennis Hopper did a nice job playing Koopa , but I missed the big green , redheaded monster that he was in the games . But set aside the expectations that this movie will be just like the games , and you will be satisfied by it . This movie certainly is n't the best of all times , but I liked the acting.Many elements of the game have been retained , like Bob-Ombs , or Goombahs -LRB- although they have a considerably different look in the movie -RRB- and Yoshi even made an appearance -LRB- though like the Goombahs , he looked very different -RRB- Seeing Big Bertha as a buxom black woman with red clothing and spikes was funny , though the character of Lena was unnecessary -LRB- nothing personal against the actress herself -RRB- The plot itself - entirely different from the games -LRB- aside the whole Princess-kidnapping scheme -RRB- was believable when set in this world , with Koopa 's desire to take over our own world . Mario and Luigi deliver a solid and humorous performance , and this movie is good for a rainy day or a casual viewing with friends -LRB- perhaps along with a game of Mario Party , eh ? -RRB- at night with snacks . 4 out of 5 stars for a fun film .
 I love this movie ! I remember watching it when I was a kid , and now after letting my two boys watch it , they love it ! I had purchased a used dvd and the quality that the movie came in was awesome . This is a great movie for family entertainment .
 I know that most people dislike video game movies , especially OLD video game movies , but SMB is just too much fun to pass up . All the characters are hilarious and the special effects are pretty good for such an old movie . The continuity in the plot is well-done as well , its not just a bunch of special effects and gun-shots . I remember watching this movie for the first time when I was seven or eight and loving it . When I saw it on DVD years later I knew I had to buy it , and I STILL laugh the whole time . For someone who grew up through the game revoltion -LRB- I still have an original Nintendo system -RRB- this movie is as nostaglic as it is funny . I really recommend it .
 Why people are absolutely clobbering this movie , I do n't know . As a guess , I would say that the title makes you think of the video games , but this is aboslutely * nothing * like the video games , be warned of that from the outset . However if -LRB- unlike many others -RRB- you can get around the fact that it is completely out of the ordinary for the mario universe , you 'll be rewarded to find a great movie with a quite interesting story . I only dock this a star because of the expectations issue . This has no business having `` Mario Bros. '' in the title , but otherwise highly recommended : -RRB-
 I think the biggest thing that dragged this movie down was the Mario Bros. name . I mean , look at all the people here who are dissing it just because it did n't follow the `` story '' of the games . NEWS FLASH
 I think the biggest thing that dragged this movie down was the Mario Bros. name . I mean , look at all the people here who are dissing it just because it did n't follow the `` story '' of the games . NEWS FLASH
 THIS MOVIE STARTS OUT PRETTY DARN STUPID BUT , IT GETS REALLY GOOD REALLY FAST!THE ONLY THING I HAVE TO SAY IS THIS.WHWERE 'S LUIGIS MUSTACE?ALSO WHAT HAPPENED TO PEACH?IT 'S A GREAT FAMILY MOVIE.I SUGGEST MAYBE GETTING THE ENTIRE FAMILY TOGETHER FOR THIS HILARIOUS MOVIE.IF THERE 'S KIDS THAT ARE MARIO FANS IN THE FAMILY THEY 'LL BE WATCHING THIS AGAIN AND AGAIN FOR ALL THE ACTION AND LAGHS OF THIS GREEEEEAAAAT MOVIE.EVEN NON-MARIO FANS WILL ENJOY THIS.TRUST ME .
 I am a big fan of Samantha Mathis and Bob Hoskins , so I am biased from the start . However , this movie was actually pretty good . It 's based ` very ' loosely on the Nintendo game of the same name . The similarities stop at the character names though . Once you get into the plot of the movie , you find that dinosaurs did n't become exstinct , they were merely sent to a parallel world . And on that world , they evolved into a human-form after those billions of years -LRB- so evolution took a similar turn for them as for mammels , in other words . -RRB- Then we meet Mario and Luigi , a couple of plummers from Brooklyn who have a hard enough time finding work if it was n't for Scapelli , their rival in business . It seems that Scapelli 's crew has blasted into some dinosaur fossils , so the local college has called in an archaologist
 This movie was just one giant drug trip . If you ever find yourself in an altered state of mind , I highly recommend it .
 This is DC saying , all you people who think this movie sucks are JUST PLAIN STUPID !!! This is one of the best action/adventure movies out there . The cast was great , special effects were cool , and the story was awesome !!! I especially like when koopa gets killed , that was cool . Anyway , this is a great movie though the DVD needed some special features . A must have for anyone !!!
 I happened to have 1 PT song on a sampler DVD Audio and always liked it , but that was all I knew about the band . Then I ran across this bluray and bought it on impulse , needed something new to listen to.Holy F *** ! these guys are phenomenal.I could n't turn the bluray off until the very end . Suckers kept me up until 3AM . Their music is interesting in that it incoporates an occasional heavy metal sound , but not to the extent I want to slash my wrists after an hour of listening . Great singing and playing from all band members . Really amazing.The concert looks great for the most part , a bit of noise where the stage was under lit . Directing is good , they must have had 8 or 9 cameras , some locked off , and the camera work was good . The sound is mostly outstanding , especially instruments , vocals are n't always that well articulated . More of a performance issue perhaps than a technical one I guess . Will have to look up the lyrics.My only beef , and it 's with all bluray concerts , is that they should AUTOMATICALLY include lyric subtitles for all these concerts . Unless you 're a dyed in the wool fanboy/girl it 's unlikely you will know all the lyrics and knowing them adds so much impact to the performance . Most concerts have some performance/technical issues that make understanding lyrics difficult , if not impossible , easily remedied with subtitles . And for the price of blurays , subtitled lyrics should ALWAYS be included . Check out Best of Austin City Limits Vol 1 -LRB- only avail in SD -RRB- - outstanding performances , all subtitled.Glad I took a chance on this one , it 's truly a reference performance disk , if you are n't anal about picture quality , which is generally excellent.For me the Return To Forever bluray is THE best played and recorded bluray ever , Anesthetize gets 2nd place , Rock & Roll Hall of Fame concert # 3 . Enjoy .
 Incredible Band !! Incredible performance !! Being a long time PROG fan ... Dream Theater , Rush , P Tree , Tool . . etc. . . I love this DVD/Blu-Ray ... Looks and sounds great on my new 59 '' plasma . . Get it , You wo n't be disappointed . !! TV not included . . sorry . .
 I discovered Porcupine Tree a couple of years ago and during that time , I 've become astounded at the diversity and originality of the band . While they fall into the `` progressive '' category , they avoid the trap that so many other current progressive bands fall into - copying the sounds of early influencers like Genesis and Yes . Porcupine Tree is clearly influenced by bands like Pink Floyd , but they are originals , Steven Wilson is a prolific song writer , and this DVD does an incredible job of capturing the musicianship and energy of a live Porcupine Tree show . If you do n't know them well , it 's a great way to introduce yourself to some of their more recent material . If you know them , just buy it .
 The quality of the sound and video of the Blu Ray disc is outstanding . I have other Blu Ray concerts and they are nowhere near the quality of the music and visual of this concert.I believe that Steven Wilson is obsessed with the quality of everything he produces , and you can definitely tell that with this live concert.Haven ' t watched the DVD disc , but I think there 's no need to .
 I 've been a fan of Porcupine Tree since not seeing them at the 2001 NEARFest due to inability to get tickets . Got the sense of how great they were from the 2001-era streaming video of that show , and have been lucky enough to see them open for Yes in Rochester in 2002 , Toronto in 2005 , and Baltimore in 2007 . I have some minor complaints that I 'd like to maybe have seen a few older standbys mixed into the setlist from the Stupid Dream/Lightbulb Sun period , but that 's a criticism on the tour , not the concert DVD itself . But overall , the audio on this thing blows me away ; glad that John Wesley is getting his due on this thing too -- great voice . Really regretting not seeing this tour live now.Only way this could be better if OSI had opened for them , or vice versa . If you like rock music you need to ask yourself
 A friend from England told about this group and pushed me hard to go see them live when they came to my area . I went , and she was right , they are INCREDIBLE !!! This Live Concert of their 2008-2009 tour `` Anesthetize '' had a haunting coverwith a girl holding a needle , but their music does put you in a sort of relaxedtrance , so the title fits the whole project perfectly.It 's hard to put them in a particular category , but if you like early Pink Floydyou ca n't go wrong and will have a great group of new CD 's to investigate .
 This is a must-have for any PT fan ! The setlist is incredible . The few songs they pull from their older catalog sound really great alongside their newer stuff . As to be expected the sound is perfect and the video is very nice as well . No complaints from me . I wanted to watch it again the moment I was done .
 Another home run for this outstanding band . I 'm watching the Blu-ray version and am blown away by the wonderful sounds . PT is already known for the high quality recording of there albums and this disc lives up to that reputation despite being a live performance . As hard as it is to believe but I think Steve Wilson 's vocals sound even better live . There 's an edge that comes through sometimes that is missing on the albums . Having grown up in the 80s I used to love listening to Def Leppard and then one day I heard they live and realized that Joe Elliot really ca n't sing . That wo n't happen here . Steve can really lay down the vocals ! Oh and the imagery is outstanding also .
 Killer guitar work , excellent synthesizer sounds , and the drum work is Sick !!! An uninterrupted 52 minute set opener from 2007 's `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' album opens the 2008 concert directed by Lasse Hoile in Tilburg , The Netherlands . I have been reading about Porcupine Tree in Sound & Vision Magazine for some time now regarding regarding Steve Wilson 's incredible 5-Channel mixing talents . When S&V reviewed the Anesthetize Blu-Ray Disc in the October issue and gave it four stars for sound and a S&V certified `` Reference Blu-Ray Disc , '' I had to own it . One of the best filmed concerts I ever seen and the music and sound mix is incredible ! Just order it , I am 54 years old and have listened to Anesthetize every day since it arrived ! I describe the sound as Pink-Floyd meets Nervana and Metalica , but nobody has a 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio that sounds as good as `` Anesthetize . '' Call your friends over and Crank it Up !!!
 Porcupine Tree pulled out all the tricks in this dvd performance . For those who are P.T. fans will see them play their best of & deliver a visual show . From Steven Wilson 's Angelic voice & ragging guitar to Gavin Harrison 's perfect thud 's on the drums . This is a must have ! For those who do n't know about P.T. go to Amazon.com and listen through their catalog of songs . This is a five star performance for me and would highly recommend this to anyone !
 There 's just something about Porcupine Tree ... the combination of musicianship , song-writing and Steve Wilson 's unique , musical vision that makes them gob-smackingly good . Brilliant stuff . Ca n't recommend the band and this DVD highly enough . Really .
 Great Blu-Ray , well filmed , great sound . Next best thing to actually being there and in the first row . A must have for any PT fan or PT newcomer . Play it loud !
 A great concert for a great band , that play progressive rock in their own way , adding some spacey sounds and metal parts , with sudden rhythm changes , turning acoustic to metal in a blink of a eye . Steven Wilson with his beautiful voice and his talented guitar playing is surrounded by some pretty talented players on guitar , bass , drums and keyboards.After seeing this show , i was excited to get my hands on this DVD/BR . The DTS sound mix is as usual with Mr. Wilson amazing , with a clear separation of each instrument . But my only negative comment is the black levels on the Blu-Ray , who are washed out . The DVD do n't have this problem . Must have been a encoding error when they did the Blu-Ray .
 You do n't have to be a fan of PT to enjoy the magnificent accomplishment of video and sound that is Anesthitize . If you 're a live music fan , there 's no chance that you wo n't marvel at the technical ability , production , and flawless playing found here . If you like PT , well ... welcome to Shangri-La . The only problem with the Blu-Ray is that the viewer will be spoiled forever - no other concert video will match up !
 After the debacle of `` Arriving Somewhere '' -LRB- only a debacle because of Hoile 's weird film editing , not the music -RRB- , I was reluctant to purchase this video , but I was pleasantly surprised with Anesthetize . I was a bit hesitant when I learned that Hoile would once again be driving the editing of the film , but he kept his over-creativity in check for this . What bugged me about `` Arriving Somewhere '' was not the music , but rather Hoile 's ADD when it comes to switching camera angles , and mostly his pseudo-film grain effects , 2 second black and white shots , out-of-focus shots , and extreme close-ups . This video has SOME of those things , except I did n't notice any strange film-grain , black and white , or sepia insertions . There are , however , some out-of-focus shots and extreme close-ups , but they do n't detract -LRB- however , they also do n't add to the film , IMO -RRB- . Regardless , it 's still better than a Kevin Shirley debacle -LRB- think `` Led Zeppelin DVD '' or anything he 's done with Iron Maiden -RRB- , for which I 'm grateful.The music and musicianship is superb . I think the mixing was done perfectly , and it 's nice to hear a PT concert in uncompressed audio -LRB- from the Blu-Ray -RRB- . The song choice was fairly simple , and has been a PT approach for a few years now - just play the entire album for which you 're touring , then some b-sides , and then some back catalog material -LRB- and do n't forget `` Trains '' -RRB- . While I have mixed feelings about the whole-album approach , Fear of a Blank Planet is one fine PT album , so this works out.I knocked off a star because of the filmography . The fixed position/mounted cameras -LRB- on tripods , etc. -RRB- suffered from camera shake with each bass drum kick . While this is somewhat difficult to cushion in a live show in a small venue such as this one from Tilburg , it does stand out quite a bit -LRB- on the Blu-Ray -RRB- . Moreover , due to the low-light nature of PT shows , the film is a bit grainy at times . I 've got other concerts in Blu-Ray which are n't quite so grainy , which leads me to believe the choice in camera equipment might not have been the best . I must warn the reader , however , that these are MINOR gripes that only a perfectionist like me would notice . For the most part , PT fans -LRB- many of whom are audiophiles -RRB- will be deeply satisfied with this release.Highly recommended !
 I really loved this concert ! Very well filmed & mixed concert ! This is one of the best concerts I have seen in a long time ! If you are a drummer ... you for sure have to have this DVD !! Gavin has a great sound with some GREAT licks !
 Porcupine Tree are my current favorite band , and I was finally able to order this Blu-Ray and spin it . I was anxious to see it , especially after some HD clips were posted by the director on YouTube , namely the track `` Way Out Of Here . `` The performance is dark , dangerous , moody and extremely skillful . The unexpected star of the show -LRB- besides Mr. Wilson , of course -RRB- is Richard Barbieri and all of the rich textures he brings to the music on his keyboards and well-timed and - selected samples . Their previous live DVD -LRB- `` Arriving Somewhere '' -RRB- left his performance somewhat of a mystery -- you knew he was there by the sound , but the camera seldom showed what he was doing . On `` Anesthetize '' the director finally gives you a sense of his contribution to the band , especially live.Steven Wilson 's 5.1 mix is nearly perfection , and if you did n't really want to watch the show , you 'd be perfectly happy to close your eyes and enjoy the enveloping live sound . There were a few oddities in the mix , but only subjective . I felt that Wilson 's electronic piano was a little understated in the 17-minute title piece , but that was all I could find that bugged me about the mix.The picture did not quite live up to the potential of Blu-Ray , but I chalk that up to the filming environment . Low light levels have a tendency to add a lot of grain to even the best digital HD cameras , and harsh stage lighting through stage-smoke pretty much banishes normal black levels from the recorded experience entirely . However , this is more than made up for by the skillful direction and camerawork . I felt like I got a sense of what every performer was contributing to the live performance and that you were watching a band rather than a single star surrounded by secondary musicians . A real plus was the complete absence of the stylistic effects that director Lasse Hoile felt compelled to use on `` Arriving Somewhere '' -- the scratched-film overlays , sprockets , melted frames , forced monochrome and sepia , etc. . He chose just to let the raw stage performances shine instead of adding unnecessary visual augmentation.This is a fine concert film , which I highly recommend to PT fans , prog fans and music fans in general . You should add it to your Blu-Ray collection today !
 This might just be the ultimit porcupine tree album . It covers both FoaBP and NR , but stretches to their past albums . The highlights from these rare gems of the past are definitly ` Dark Matter ' and ` Sleep with no Dreaming ' . I felt these two songs should have been on ` Coma Devine ' and felt very disapointed when they wer n't on this album.I would definitly recomend this DVD to any music lover . Please I implore those of you who are lovers of music to at least to consider this album . No only for the music , but the atmosphere it creates . This is a true treat for all senses .
 This is an amazing concert video . Porcupine Tree is one of my favorite bands , and Fear of teh Black Planet one of my favorite P.T. albums , which they play in it 's entirety in this concert . I have had the video on DVD and since I got a Bluray player for Christmas , just had to have it on Bluray . Unfortunately , I have to say I can not tell any difference between the video quality of the DVD and the Bluray . The audio is probably improved , but hard to tell wihtout being able to do a side by side test -LRB- I do not have surround sound , just high end Musical Fidelity stereo equipment -RRB- . Back to the concert , it is great to see John Wesley given more lead vocals and lead guitar parts . He is an amazing artist and a really nice guy . In summary , unbelievable concert by an amazing band . Just do n't worry about spending the extra money on the Bluray version if you already have the DVD . The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the video has a bit too much production and camera angle changes , like almost all concert videos do in my opinion .
 Fantastic concert video . The video quality , performance , and sound are top-notch . I hope they will release The Incident on DVD !!
 This is an excellent concert film . The video/sound quality is good and the band is at top-notch form . Joining the group again , as he did on the `` Arriving Somewhere ... '' DVD is John Wesley on backing guitars/backing vocals . He 's become somewhat the `` 5th Beatle '' of the group and is a welcomed addition.If I recall correctly , there is only one track on this concert that 's also on `` Arriving Somewhere ... '' and that song is `` Halo '' . So if you plan on getting both concerts , you do n't have to worry about seeing a lot of repeated material.Thanks .
 The show is great , the sound is perfect , the videoclips were a brilliant idea . I will never ever get bored with this DVD . There should be a CD also , so that I could listen to the music in my car ...
 I 've been following Porcupine Tree since 2001 , I have seen them on every tour since then , and I have all their records . I have * never * seen them rip through a set like this . The camerawork is great , the sound is fantastic , but more than that , this is Porcupine Tree with a conviction and burn that I have never seen before . The best live concert DVD I own , hands down .
 The sound , the picture , the package , the BOOK -LRB- for us lucky 5000 early adopters -RRB- - all perfection , see everyone else 's reviews.After two weekends with the Blu Ray I think this is a better document of the band members ' individual contributions than Arriving Somewhere , and that is a good thing . Richard Barbieri did n't get enough attention in Arriving Somewhere , but here , it 's clear that his textures and solos are integral to the sound we recognize as Porcupine Tree . Even though i think I know this band very well , I was startled that some of what I thought was done on a guitar came from Barbieri . Even Florida 's John Wesley gets some stunning screen time . Colin seems to get the least , but let 's face it - he never changes expression , so is not as visually engaging . He seems a zen master.PS
 Just got it in the mail . Far better than the last DVD set . The sound is utterly amazing . The camera work and angles are perfect . I own just about every concert DVD worth owning from Dream Theater to Gov ' t Mule to Steve Vai . This one takes the cake . Porcupine Tree is an experience . Take it all in .
 This is a superb DVD and one of the best music DVDs in my ever-expanding collection . The audio and video is both absolutely superb . You feel like you 're sitting right there next to Gavin Harrison as he pounds the skins . PT is a mind blowing band , and having seen them live , I can attest to the fact that this release is nearly as good as actually being there . The setlist includes all of the Fear of a Blank Planet album , and most of the Nil Recurring EP , and is complemented by cuts taken from the In Absentia and Signify albums . I was very surprised -LRB- pleasantly -RRB- to see the latter in the set . They have n't played some of these songs in a long time . ` Dark Matter ' is almost worth the price of admission alone . Steven 's solo in that one gives me goosebumps.Excellent DVD from a superb band . It actually makes me angry that the Justin Beiber 's and Miley Cyrus 's of the world get recognised everywhere , and yet PT are still relatively unknown outside prog circles . They are an extraordinary talent , and in a just world , Rolling Stone would be featuring Steven Wilson on the cover , not hacks like Britney Spears . He is one of my favourite musicians of all time.Get it . I would use this to convert people to the band .
 The Blu Ray version of this DVD set is superb . PT once again proves they are the best band the mainstream ignores . So far I have 5 converts after watching this concert . The `` Fear Of a Blank Planet '' tour was one of the best shows going and they have captured the essence of the concert experience on this DVD . The video is second to none as Lasse Hoile outdoes himself once again.His placement of cameras overhead on the drums is pure genius . I sat in awe wathcing the master drummer at work . Gavin Harrison ranks as one of the top 5 drummers around . Colin Edward 's bass prvoides the bottom and lays the foundation for Wilson 's superb solos . John Wesley 's guitar work is more than adequate as he is a great player in his own right.likes
 Wow - This concert blows away the 5 star rating . I have a lot of concerts in my collection and this one just rose to the very top of my all time favorites ! The audio and video quality are just outstanding ! The concert itself is just amazing ! These guys play with military accuracy and timing . Some of their music is very technical but I do n't hear any slight mistakes . I suggest listening to it loudly using high quality headphones - it is incredible ! As for listening to it via your 5.1 sound system - you wo n't be disappointed ; most likely you 'll find it to be about the best you 've ever heard . Again I say
 I had the extreme pleasure of seeing PT in Pittsburgh this past May . This dvd took me right back to that show . The energy and the musicianship was evident then and it 's evident now on this dvd . Filmed brilliantly and recorded flawlessly it showcases PT firing on all creative outputs . This band has no equals and it 's pretty clear why . They play what they want . When they want . No compromises and no going through the motions . Cheers to them !
 To put it simply , this release is just remarkable . Filming , set list , editing , sound , it is all near perfect.What is incredible is the very beginning , during the Intro . It gives you the sense and anticipation of actually being at the show . For a minute of two of film , it does a great job of putting you there , not just in front of a television screen.The rise of Blu-ray has most certainly changed the atmosphere of watching a concert on television . You no longer feel as separated , instead you feel a lot more involved and the production of this disc does nothing to spoil that.The set list is great . The entire Fear of a Blank Planet suite performed together and then Nil Recurring with mostly Signify and In Abstenia songs mixed in . I remember seeing a concert with mostly this set list and Dark Matter itself was worth the price of admission . The only thing I missed was at my show , they did The Sky Moves Sideways , but truly , one ca n't expect everything . That was such a treat though.The sound is perfect and is nothing short of what Porcupine Tree fans expect to hear from a Steven Wilson project . Crystal clear and very dynamic . And of course , the band never misses a note.I purchased the Gray Special Edition through PT 's site and am glad to have the CD 's from this concert . If you like rock music , and have never heard of the band , this may not be a bad starting point to get the point across about how legendary this group is . The concert and Blu-ray production is nothing short of amazing and is a good representation as to the quality of this band .
 No mistakes ! Sound is awsome with 5.1 dts . Really , studio quality recording . And the footage is clear and sharp - no silly special effects . Every player is in top form . Best live set yet from these guys .
 I usually take awhile before I review items , however , I just finished the DVD ... . Ordered it Friday chose free shipping ; here it is Monday . Well done Amazon . Oh the DVD , it is incredible and worth every penny . Excellent sound , Fantastic ; Creative Camera Angles , Great Set ! WOW WOW WOW WOW !!!! These men are amongst the finest musicians of our time . Steven Wilson truly `` started something special , '' if you get my drift PT fans ... . Anyway Gavin is absolutely mind blowing , Colin Smiling as always , Richard Tickling Away , Steven Pouring Emotion Into His Words and Strings !
 The Best Experimental , Ambient , Melodic , Melanchoic & Creative Band On This Planet !!!!!!! This Live DVD Is A Must For Any PT Fan or If You Are Looking , Too See and Hear A Great Band ? This Is It !!!!!!! Please Buy This Live DVD and I Think You Will Never Regret That You Did !!!!!!! Great Visual and Sounding Live DVD , You Will Be Hard Pressed To Find Any Live DVD That Is Better Made , Than This One !!!!!!! The Key Is , Too Play It Loud and Sit Back and Really Really Listen and Watch , Your In For A Musical Journey Wanting More !!!!!!!
 I do n't no why I bought this , never heard of this band before , impulse buy , WOW , every song is excellent .
 Ladies and Gentleman , behold the heir apparent in Rock or Progressive Rock . Anesthetize has set the bar for concert films , no matter which ones you bring to the discussion . Sound , Musicianship , Photography , you name it , this will blow them away . I 'm a music junkie and have been a DJ in rock radio for over 25 years all told . I found this band in the later 90 's and have spread the word on PT to anyone that will listen . I 've seen many , MANY concerts and films of concerts , and there ARE NONE that compare with this . Lasse Hoile has been making films for many years , -LRB- mostly in Europe -RRB- and videos as well , but this may well be his masterwork . Filmed at 013 in Tilburg , Netherlands over 2 nights on the Fear Of A Blank Planet Tour , Hoile captures each player in their stride , and makes them look as good -LRB- GREAT -RRB- as they sound , which when it comes to Porcupine Tree is no mean feat . Each band member shines in his own way , but the two stand outs are -LRB- part time member -RRB- Guitarist/Vocalist John Wesley and Drum Master Gavin Harrison . If you are a fan of Rush 's Neil Peart then you simply must see Harrison in his element , which is playing live . Hoile 's all over filming of Harrison will make drummers jaws drop . -LRB- Neil is a fan of Porcupine Tree as evidenced by his inclusion of their music on pre-show mixed `` tapes ' he makes that play before Rush take the stage on recent tours . -RRB- Wesley , quite simply should be the fifth member of PT and this film shows why ... > THIS is the concert film you 'll rave about to your friends . < > THIS is the concert film you 'll use to set up and tweak your surround sound system to . < > THIS is the film you 'll bring with you when you are searching for a new entertainment system . < Anesthetize is mixed incomparably by PT leader Steven Wilson in Stereo & 5.1 Surround and it will work out EVERY channel your system has . I could seriously go on and on about this , but it would be a waste of my time and typing skills , because the proof is in the viewing . I would actually go so far as to say , IF I had the money , -LRB- which I do n't , so do n't even bother -RRB- that I would buy back your copy if you you were somehow not to throughly enjoy it . YES , it IS THAT good ... If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree and were on the fence about this purchase , go for it , you 'll love them EVEN MORE . If you 've been looking for something `` new '' -LRB- even though they 've been around for 20 + years -RRB- in the world of music and have had enough of corporate rock , this band will be your savior ... . You can thank me later ! PTGSIFE !
 ... and my expectations were pretty high after reading all the reviews . You never know until you see it for yourself , though . I received my copy yesterday and did n't waste much time putting it in and turning it up full blast . Amazing setlist , including a few songs from Signify that I was n't familiar with . The sound quality is unbelievable . This one really does blow `` Arriving Somewhere '' out of the water , even though I thoroughly enjoyed that DVD as well . Obviously I do n't have much to add that has n't already been said . Buy this Blu-Ray -LRB- or DVD -RRB- if you are a fan of any type of heavy rock music and you will love it .
 This is fraken amazingI nearly fillied my daiper when i heard the song = AnesthetizeAmazingly filmed and awesome sound.Best prog Rock DVD I have seencheersKev
 This DVD is everything you could ask for from Porcupine Tree ! The sound quality , the song selection , the editing ... spot on ! There is nothing pre-recorded when these guys hit the stage . The songs are long and they ebb from soft beginnings to heavy , pulsing guitar crescendos . Steven Wilson gets most of the recognition , deservedly so , but the musicians that surround him are incredible . Lots of electricity in this DVD !
 great performance !! awesome band !! i sure wish it had Lazarus on it , however , there are a few tunes on this one that i just playover and over and over ...
 This is just incredible . I do n't like live videos with effects covering up what is really happening . The sound quality and the execution of this music is the as good as it gets . Turn it up loud and witness pure genius.Corvus Stone
 This review is of the DVD/Blu-Ray combo.Set list
 The Best concert Blu-ray I 've ever bought . The sounds is so amazing , the picture is perfect . When it comes to perfection , The Porcupine is the answer . Very Recommended !!
 I became hooked on Porcupine Tree -LRB- and Steven Wilson -RRB- with the release ofIn Absentia . I quickly acquired all of Porcupine Tree 's albums , as well asBlackfield -LRB- Dig -RRB- two discs -LRB- andNYC-Live in New York City -RRB- , and thePorcupine Tree
 I received my DVD/Blu-ray copy of Anesthetize on July 3rd and had an early fireworks show ! I thought the first live installment was a great music/video accomplishment and turned many of my friends on to my NEWEST favorite prog band 2 years ago . This -LRB- and I have only seen and heard the Blu-ray copy -RRB- second effort is even more amazing than the first . If you have never heard of Porcupine Tree and liked any of the bands mentioned above or just like quality ROCK music , you can count on this live show to win you over and amaze yourself with , truly , top-notch musicianship and recording ! Steve Wilson is a mastermind at not only writing today 's BEST neo-progressive music , but also producing the best 5.1 mixes of anybody I have EVER heard . As others have stated , this is definably the best source to use as a sonic definition than almost anything out there , live or not ! This British band is meant to be heard LIVE ! They are all such learned and talented musicians that if you appreciate excellent rock music , especially progressive , this is a must buy ! I kid you not !
 Was turned on to this band via a work aqquaintence a few yrs ago , and ever since I have been sucking up all their cds and the amazing dvd `` Arriving Somewhere '' . Just saw them in Chicago , where they announced the filming of that show for `` The Inncident '' . I sure hope that comes to fruitation because this band live is an absolute orgasm for this 53yr old.Cant say enuff about this newly released dvd , it IS the best concert dvd I now own , and I own about 100 . Do not own a blu ray yet but this will be the 1st disc I buy.If you are reading this and dont know much about this band , ya got ta have it.The entire `` Fear of a Blank Planet `` is included , along with another good hr of great stuff.Steven Wilson is a great writer , producer -LRB- he was chosen to do King Crimsons 40th anniversery remixes -RRB- and frontman.Gavin Harrison is any drummers dream come true.The rest of the band is 1st rate.Audio and picture are unreal.Great vocal harmonies and NO excessive soloing-which mars alot of prog rock-hey yer good and fast we GET IT!My teenager went to the show with me and loves these guys so there IS hope for the future .
 For those who want a taste of this video , and have n't already done so , go to their My Space page where `` Way Out of Here '' from the Tilberg show is linked . I was a little disappointed with the Arriving Somewhere video , not because it 's poorly done , far from it , but some of the songs presented where not my favorite . I 've been a fan since Signify , and have their entire back catalog , and for me Fear of a Blank Planet is their best album to date , closely followed by The Incident . That said , this concert video contains many of their most powerful songs and I ca n't wait for my pre-order to arrive . If you 're not familiar with the power and majestic beauty that is Porcupine Tree , you ca n't go wrong starting here with this DVD/Blu-Ray .
 Product was great.With delivery this fast no need to drive to the store.I have the last live disc they put out.Can ' t wait till the incident comes out live.This one was better because it has the feel like you are there and not a production.The encore seemed real , they wore me out.I hope they keep up the good work.I saw them live at the electric factory in Phila.Pa.and this disc made me feel like I was there againi
 I 'll be short and just provide a few comments since many have been covered anyway.Like the fact they do the very heavy , instrumental part midway through Anesthetize . Did n't know whether to expect them do it or nor upon first viewing . May have preferred less lights flashing so I could see them playing it together better , but still cool.Love how they do `` My Ashes . '' John Wesley -LRB- did I get his name right ? -RRB- has excellent vocals on this song.Get it if you 're a fan of the band , if you do n't already have it !
 Sound quality -LRB- DTS Master Audio -RRB-
 I own many , many music DVD 's and this by far is the best in my collection . The music and the visuals in the disc are mesmerizing . The sound quality is superb and if you own a home theater ... all I can say is this DVD is the reason home theaters were made . The band sounds great and is very tight . I have never seen PT live , but after viewing this disc , I certainly will .
 Porcupine Tree is my favorite band for many reasons , and this DVD is a close second to their `` Arriving Somewhere '' live DVD . Pop this DVD into your system , and turn it up loud - you 'll feel like you 're there ! It 's so refreshing to hear a band with new ideas and the musicianship to pull them off ; do n't take my word for it , watch and listen for yourself !
 The band alone is great , but the audio quality is really something of an achievement . It is a live concert and it sounds like studio quality , definitely a must have for fans and music lovers alike .
 I 've been listening to Porcupine Tree for a few years now , and I have really gotten into this band . I saw them live a year ago on the Incident tour and they were great ; however , I really wish I went to this show instead . My friend and I hooked it up and watched it in 5.1 and it blew us both away . There 's no weakness on this DVD ; they sound absolutely great and the tracklist is excellent . Hell , Steven Wilson 's climactic solo at the end of the track Dark Matter is worth the price of admission alone .
 As a musician I generally find concert films frustrating , as they rarely capture the complete performance of any band . Porcupine Tree 's Anesthetize is a beautiful exception to that rule . Lasse Hoile clearly understands PT 's artistic vision , and respects the musical capability of all 5 band members , giving quality screen time to each . At no point did I feel that I missed a portion of the performance . Hoile has edited the concert footage in such a way that you almost feel as though you 're at the concert . Truly a spectacular showcase of an amazingly talented band . If you 're a progressive music fan , this Blu-ray is an absolute must own .
 The sound of this DVD and the performance are amazing ! Fear of a Blank Planet is an album that merits to be performed as a whole musical piece and the performance is unbelieveble . Porcupine Tree are definitely at a peak of their career and I hope that the current peak will last . Way Outta Here , Let 's Sleep Together , Anesthetize ... All songs on the setlist are actually great . They perform three out of for tracks from the great `` Nil recurring '' as well . A treat for the fans
 ** Edit ... this review is for the BLUERAY DVD version of this release ** Stunning live performance by one of the most talented creative forces in our lifetime . This should be the benchmark against which live DVDs are compared for sound , picture , performance , atmospheric content , and creative / powerful music.I caught the PT bus late -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- and since then have been delving into their deep and fine collection of music . This is an incredible band that writes and performs very powerful and moving music in which each band member -LRB- including guest guitarist / vocalist John Wesley -RRB- makes significant contributions to the overall uniqueness of the music . The audio on this release is stunning and the picture quality and directing is very , very good . These guys are all about QUALITY . Lots of cool closeups of the band at key parts of the tunes . Gavin Harrison -LRB- drummer extraordinaire -RRB- plays with great intensity , finesse , dynamics , and extreme musicality . The DVD captures much of his performance marvelously . Richard Barbieri -LRB- keys -RRB- creates so many cool atmospheric sounds and landscapes -- it all sounds great live . Colin Edwin -LRB- bass -RRB- is rock solid and seems to always be enjoying the music . And of course , the guitars and vocals , including some really nice harmonies , by Wesley and bandleader S. Wilson are terrific.Fear of a Blank Planet in its entirety is extraordinary and my fave part of the performance.I hope PT is around for a LONG , LONG time .
 With Porcupine Tree , it is totally about the music . As a result , they are certainly to be considered one of the foremost bands when it comes to those that are making complex , lyrical , atmospheric and profound music . Their stuff is genuinely good and it is genuinely made . Looking at the number of 5 star reviews of this live DVD performance -LRB- practically all the reviews -RRB- , it is obvious that their music is also becoming genuinely recognized and appreciated.What can I add in light of all the previous 5-star reviews ? Well . . this concert looks great , sounds great and really shows off the creativeness and the technical abilities of this band . At one level , Gavin Harrison -LRB- the drummer -RRB- really is the highlight of this performance . He is without question one of the very best at his craft . Even upon additional viewings , I continue to be amazed at his abilities . He is the component that puts this band over the top and into greatness -LRB- think of Neal Peart with Rush -RRB- . I was also impressed with John Wesley , a guitarist and sort-of part-time member of Porcupine Tree . He is another integral piece with his fluid guitar work and smooth vocals and is the perfect compliment to Steven Wilson , the lead singer and the creative force behind the band . In this performance , I also really noticed how the role of Richard Barbieri , the keyboard player , is primarily to add an atmospheric layer to the overall sound . He also , is a true craftsmen and its interesting to watch how he adds to the sound -LRB- in a much different way than say , Jordan Rudess of Dream Theater does -RRB- . Then there is the guy who I want to be , Colin Edwin , the bassist . What better job than to play music with this band , standing around with a constant smile on your face ?! That 's Edwin , but of course , he is also very good too . Back to Steven Wilson . He is the frontman , lead singer and creative force . Everything he does is as good as gold . You can tell that with him , it 's all about making great and interesting music . Overall , this is far more important than relying on the `` rock star '' image gimmick that most bands still seem to be in pursuit of these days.Lastly , I 'll mention that the set list is made up of some outstanding songs , including all the songs from the Fear of a Blank Planet CD . My personal favorites are Anesthetize , Way Out of Here , Dark Matter and Halo . No extras on this disc , but still entirely satisfying and worthy of repeated viewings . Enjoy !
 This the second DVD of PT of witch I hope of many to come.The Blu-ray presentation of this concert , along with the superb audio mix , was a performance I 'd wish I would have being able to seen in person.This is the second PT DVD , -LRB- Arriving Somewhere -RRB- the first , I was amaze to learn that these are the only two that they have made.I 'm a 54 year old from an era when music and performance went hand in hand when enjoying a night , witnessing a group of this caliber.So carry on PT if you can inspire a person my age , I wonder if this generation will marvel at the spectacular of who you are.Peace out , Sam in San Antonio.I highly recommend this DVD .
 This is a great band and this DVD gives you a good look into there inner workings on stage.Great quality all the way around.Be sure and add it to your collection.Enjoy !
 This is what I mean
 I am a longtime Porcupine Tree fan . I have enjoyed the Blu-Ray on a 42 inch plasma , and a 600 watt surround system with a 15 inch powered sub-woofer . There is simply no better reference disc than this . If you want to show off your system , this is the disc to own ! The musicianship is absolutely unmatched , the audio production quality is jaw dropping . I had a friend drop by whilst this was on , he had never heard of Porcupine Tree and his music tastes are grounded in classic blues rock . He was utterly transfixed , commenting that he had never seen any group create a `` sound sculpture '' quite like this . I have to say , that is a very accurate description of their sound . I have always felt that PT , wield their sound like it is a living , breathing creature , that they can tap into , and unleash it 's ferocious power , at any time . This release goes a long way to exemplify that theory . I love seeing them in concert and this release recreates the experience beautifully . Of course , the individual performances are astounding , with kudos to all , but especially to drummer Gavin Harrison , who has won the coveted best drummer award for 4 years running from Modern Drummer magazine . His performance here makes it evident as to why . This is an absolute must own for any serious music fan .
 All of the top notch musicianship of this concert performance is finally equaled buy the video and audio of this Blu-ray release shot and edited by long-time collaborator Lasse Hoile . Image quality is superb and this is one of Steven Wilson 's best 5.1 mixes to date -LRB- which says a lot for the man who earned a Grammy nod for his 5.1 mixes and was commissioned to remix the King Crimson catalog in hi-rez 5.1 . -RRB- Featuring `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' -LRB- the Quadrophenia of the new millennium -RRB- in it 's entirety , plus a 2nd set dating songs back to the `` Signify '' album , this is a wet dream for any Porcupine Tree fan . And as for the rest of the world , they have arrived folks ! Refusing to be pidgeon-holed into any one particular category of rock , the band easily segues from Prog Rock to ballads to metal without missing a beat . This release pays tribute to the best quintet of musicians -LRB- including long-time live accomplice John Wesley -RRB- currently touring . This is the `` thinking man 's '' rock band , one that obligates one to actually invest themselves in the music . Superb . Sublime . Beautifully compelling .
 Recived the limited edition DVD / BluRay Gray cover edition from PT web site . I am simply amazed by the quality of the video and sound . I have seen PT several times though not on thier most recent tour but this make me feel as if I was there . If you a PT fan this is well worth the investment and if not what a great introduction to PT . I intend to introduce PT through this DVD
 I just received my special edition of the LIVE Anesthetize edition yesterday , and of course I immediately slipped it into my DVD player . This is an awesome production . The taping , editing and of course the sound quality . These four -LRB- now five with John Wesley -RRB- are some of the best musicians I have ever listened too . The drums are simply amazing ... and Richard 's keyboard work mesmerizing . I saw Porcupine Tree in LA during the Incident tour last year and it was one of the best shows I have seen ; oh how wish I had seen them during the FOABP tour . They cover a wide range of songs adding to the versatility . All Porcupine Tree Fans must get this DVD ... plug it in ... . put on some headphones ... turn out the lights ... and get ready for the best two hours of their life ... enjoy .
 This is the best concert video I 've ever seen . The sound is spectacular and filming as made from many different angles . I watched it start to finish the day I got it and it 's long ... 130 minutes . Others here have outlined the songs so I 'll just say if you love PT ... get this ! You wo n't be disappointed . There are great closeups of everyone . Sometimes in the concerts it 's hard to make them out but not here . You really see everything .
 I just got finished with the DVD portion of this release , -LRB- I do not have the blue ray as yet ... -RRB- The Fear of a Blank Planet and Nil Recurring materials play exceptionally well live ... the video is mixed even better than that of Arriving Somewhere . The 5.1 sound adds a depth which is too largely missing in the materials available from most bands ... Their musicianship including the vocals , -LRB- live as well as recorded -RRB- continues to be stellar ... They managed to pull me in with `` Sleep Together '' ... a song that I 've not been fond of to date , that is until I saw them perform it live via this DVD!The venue in Tilburg played well for this DVD , and the fans were amazing there . If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree , `` Anesthetize '' is a MUST for the library !
 Yes , this is not out yet so , of course , I ca n't review the actual product . So this is just an FYI as to what is on the thing for those who , like me , are curious as to exactly what the contents are and are too lazy to go look elsewhere . After I 've had it a week or so I 'll edit the below.BUT ... I feel that I can justify a 5 star rating , sight unseen , for 4 reasons :1 -RRB- In my book ANYTHING PT does is 4 or 5 stars2 -RRB- The setlist looks magnificent !!! 3 -RRB- I saw this tour in Atlanta in 2007 and it was GREAT !!! 4 -RRB- If Arriving Somewhere is any indication ... how can this NOT be 5 star worthy ?!?! : -RRB- Anyway - FYI : DVD/Blu-Ray DiscIntro `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` My Ashes '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Anesthetize '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Sentimental '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Way Out of Here '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Sleep Together '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` What Happens Now ? '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Normal '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Dark Matter '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Drown With Me '' -LRB- b-side from In Absentia -RRB- `` Cheating the Polygraph '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Half-Light '' -LRB- b-side from Deadwing -RRB- `` Sever '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Wedding Nails '' -LRB- from In Absentia -RRB- `` Strip the Soul '' / '' .3 '' -LRB- from In Absentia -RRB- `` The Sleep of No Dreaming '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Halo '' -LRB- from Deadwing -RRB- OutroExtras -LRB- Blu-Ray Disc only -RRB- `` Way Out of Here '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` My Ashes '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Wedding Nails '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Strip the Soul '' / '' .3 '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Nil Recurring '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- CD Track listing -LRB- deluxe edition only -RRB- Disc 11 . `` Intro '' 2:072 . `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' 7:343 . `` My Ashes '' 4:464 . `` Anesthetize '' 17:205 . `` Sentimental '' 5:186 . `` Way Out of Here '' 7:477 . `` Sleep Together '' 7:548 . `` Prodigal -LSB- Bonus Track -RSB- '' 6:03 Disc 21 . `` What Happens Now ? '' 8:092 . `` Normal '' 7:133 . `` Dark Matter '' 8:574 . `` Drown With Me '' 5:215 . `` Cheating the Polygraph '' 8:116 . `` Half-Light '' 5:287 . `` Sever '' 5:378 . `` Wedding Nails '' 5:439 . `` Strip the Soul / .3 '' 8:1710 . `` The Sleep of No Dreaming '' 5:3111 . `` Halo ''
 Wow ! I thought seeing them live was great ... This is just another fine example of musical perfection from Maestro Wilson and the Boys . An all-star cast of musicians at the top of their game plus brilliant lighting , directing , and editing from Lasse Hoile make this a remarkable concert DVD . The set list is all FOABP and Nil Recurring for the first half of the show . The second half is old favorites , plus some not heard live before , really rounds the night out . The transfer is from all HD cameras and pops with color and life . No visible noise to these eyes . The DTS master audio sound will just blow you away ! This , along with the phenomenal mix by genius SW , has me aching to throw away another 2 + hours of my life . I did only plop down $ 12 for the DVD version , but now I will go full bore and order the Blu-ray version -LRB- with all the bonus material -RRB- as well . The wait for this one -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- was long , but WELL worth it ! * This review is from the DVD I purchased thru the pre-order from the PT website . Made in the UK ! *
 First of all , I will not try to soliloquize the marvelous sculptures of sound that are so expertly recreated in as great a job of mixing as this epic . This is a great DVD to put on when you feel like really getting the most out of whatever system you have . I have many music DVD 's and only a handful come close to the incredible sound that is generated by this great band . Steven Wilson has a soul for music and his soul and mine dig the same sounds . Only difference is , he can write them , and I can only listen in awe .
 Absolutely , mind-blowingly awesome ! Steven Wilson is the master of multi-channel sound production . Only HE could put together a disc that can -LRB- almost -RRB- capture the experience of a Porcupine Tree concert . Not to be missed !
 Porcupine Tree is one of the best live bands at the moment and this Blu Ray is a testament of that workmanship . The sound is second to none and visually they have come a long way . This is a reference disc and is the perfect disc for audiophiles to show off their system as well as a great picture in 1080p . Cheers .
 If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree , then you wo n't be disappointed , if you 've seen any of their shows , relive it from the stage , if you are n't familiar with their music , then you are in for a treat ! Do n't think about it , just buy it , it 'll be a great addition to your concert collection , and you 'll thank me for not wasting your time with a long review !
 re live your concert experience , or if you did not go , see what you missed.The audio version of Dark Matter from Signify is fabulous.A must have for any Progressive aficionados .
 Porcupine Tree does it again with this DVD of their Fear of a Blank Planet tour . I saw them on this tour in NYC and this DVD really captures this fantastic band at their finest and tightest.Loved the shots of their `` DrummerMonster '' - Gavin Harrison - from lots of cool angles , even a shot from below the drum kit . This band is so tight , and they are having tons of fun , which is very evident here .
 Stumbled across this band on Internet Radio a few years back , and now can not get enough.I am no good at reviews , but after having watched this show for the 5th or 6th time , I have to add yet another 5-star rating . These fellows take the old ` Light & Shade ' bit to a whole new level ... usually within the framework of each , and almost every song . Between the soaring melodies , dark passages , and downright blistering rock - this set is an absolute must-have for any fan . Obviously they are immersed in their music , and truly enjoy what they 're putting out - what a performance ... and what a ride it 's been getting to know them better . Soon we 'll own everything they have released -LRB- because we MUST -RRB- , but hard to believe this disc wo n't be the most worn-out in the collection . At least until the next one . Only one song repeated from the ` almost as good ' `` Arriving ... '' DVD - a smoking run through of `` Halo '' , and it 's become one of our favorite PT cuts . It seems as if every tune this band plays could be a masterpiece in it 's own right . What intensity - thoroughly moving . Go and see them live at any cost ... but watch this until you can !
 If I had n't already seen them live a couple of years ago , I would swear this was studio magic . But it 's not , just one of the greatest bands ever , and the best live band I have ever heard ! Buy this , you will not be disappointed . I bought it for the Blu Ray , and it is stunning . Video and Audio is breath taking . Enjoy !
 This video is absolutely stunning in every respect . Musically , engineering , production , you name it . PT has never been better and they absolutely nailed this . All others should take notice . This is the new standard that should be held in the highest regard . If you like these guys ... stop reading now and buy this . If you have a decent home theater system both video and sound ... you will be blown away.I 've always taken notice of new music and video music by the `` goose bump '' effect . That tingly feeling one gets the first time out . Kind of like when they walk out on stage live . This thing blows the `` goose bump '' factor off the scale.IMO some of the best concert DVD 's in the last several years are Rush 's S&A ; 's live , Dream Theaters Live at Budokan , and Peter Gabriel 's Growing Up Live . These have been at the top of my list for a while . Anesthetize is better.First class ! 6 stars !
 The band performance , content , sound production values are as you would expect from Steven Wilson and company ... Off the charts ! This Blu Ray production really struck me in the way it was presented.Some of the work from Lasse Hoile , I will admit , I have not always appreciated , but I sure understand now , why Steven continues the affiliation . I have hundreds of dvd and blu ray concerts in my collection , yet I felt I was witnessing something new.High art , but viewer friendly , without being distracting to the stars of the show . Intelligent non MTV editing and great direction , immersing the viewer into the onstage performance . A stunning achievement with a notable performance from the unofficial fifth member of the band John Wesley . Stellar guitar work and vocals , especially in the lead department , covering all of the highs and adding new dimension to the songs ... Sublime .
 I am in complete agreement with all of the other reviews
 Porcupine Tree is amazing ! Essential for anyone who likes rock and roll.Anesthetize -LRB- DVD + Blu-ray -RRB-
 This GREAT concert is such a success , is appears Amazon is out of stock.Please contact me when new stock arrives . Abosolutly Fantastic Show . Do n'tmiss it !!!
 I know this has not been released yet but after having just seen them perform live in Miami Beach I know this DVD is going to be excellent . If you ever get a chance to see Porcupine Tree live you need to do it as they are amazing . It 's unfortunate that more people are not aware of them but it also makes their concerts a very special event as you can experience them up close . Their first concert DVD -LRB- Arriving Somewhere But Not Here -RRB- is amazing -LRB- except for some of the special effects -RRB- and I expect this new release to be even better as it will be available on Blu Ray . Give them a try - you will be hooked like I am .
 Excellent Customer Service . Product quality perfect . Ultra-Fast shipping . Highly recommended ! Would most certainly buy from again ! A + + +
 It is absolutely unfortunate that such a performance has not been captured on video the way it should have . Lasse Hoile must have been sleeping when he was directing/editing this magnificent event . Every time someone should have been the focal point , he is showing someone else . Aside from that , this is nothing less than what one should expect from PT .
 Leaves no doubt that no matter how much you practice , your band will never be as good as these guys are right now , no matter who you are . I think the earlier Arriving Somewhere DVD is even better , since it contains more tracks from the wonderfully gloomy Deadwing album , instead of the horribly gloomy FOBP album.I especially like the older tracks here where you get to contrast Gavin Harrison 's interpretation against the studio versions.If you want to be incredibly picky -LRB- eg . 4.999 stars vs 5.0 -RRB- ... If you 're a drummer , you 'll be annoyed that they just manage to miss capturing some of Gavin 's more intense riffing . There 's a strobe light over one monstrous double bass pattern that gives no illumination -LRB- pun intended -RRB- into what is going on . Also , there 's some places where he 's playing a multiple rebound technique with the left hand that they never really document . Strangely , he looks less fluid than on Arriving Somewhere with larger strokes -LRB- pounding -RRB- and some odd head bobbing.Wilson 's voice is not as smooth as in the studio . But its live . Whatever.Colin 's bass playing is flawless . Every single note , so far as I can tell . But he does n't get much screen time .
 Few movies truly hold up after a few years of changing styles , morays and the passing of phases of civilization , but this one certainly does . The movie follows the book extremely well , and the casting is excellent.One niggling point , though - and this applies to the book as well . Rosemary 's sinister neighbors are SATANISTS , not WITCHES . Anyone familiar with history , religion and philosophy will understand the critical difference . And , no - I am neither - just a student of the supernatural ...
 I realize that `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is short on bland pretty movie stars , gratuitous sex and bloody violence , and awesome explosions and car chases . What this movie does have is a unique , appropriate , and realistic pensive atmosphere . The best way I can explain how the plot develops is to say it ferments . And I figure that a movie that I want to visit over and over again -- even after thirty-five years -- is an excellent movie to me .
 Young Rosemary and her husband Guy are young N.Y.C. lovers . Guy is an actor struggling to make ends meat , and really wants to become popular someday . Their also expecting their first new born baby boy , but just on the other side of there bedroom wall in their apartment there lives two old , married , satan worshiping witches who really want there new kid for the there satanic rituals . They really want him after satan himself plants his demonic seed in rosemary witch really is how she gets preganat in the first place.All the perfomances in the movie are fantastic . Ruth Gordon won an oscor for her role as one of the sinster witches next door . The most radiant one . You kind of like her until the films disturbing final -LRB- witch is also a hair rasing highlight -RRB- in the babysroom.The only thing that holds Rosemary 's baby back from five stars is that is slow to get going . Fans of fast paced and gore horror films might be really disapointed with this . I like all kinds of Horror movies.For the most part though , I recomend Rosemarys Baby to anyone , because it 's ahead of its time .
 Polanski is one of my favorite directors , so it 's no surprise he 's responsible for 3 of my favorite movies of all time . - This one , and `` The Tenant '' -LRB- - where 's that DVD , Paramount ? -RRB- , and my favorite of ALL movies ever made ; `` The Fearless Vampire Killers '' -LRB- - where 's that DVD , MGM ? . -RRB- `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is loaded with memorable scenes , and wonderful actors acting wonderfully in them . The picture quality is very good , and the only minus I can think of is the fact that the letterboxing only adds a tiny bit to the sides , while it unfortunately cuts off quite a bit from the top and bottom in comparison to the old fullscreen version . - This somewhat cramped look is bound to irritate some people , and they might even prefer their old tape . The bonus stuff -LRB- two documentaries -RRB- on the DVD is okay , but oddly enough there 's no trailer . The making-of featurette has many interesting scenes from the shooting of the movie , but the newly produced documentary is not all that well made . - It 's rather hectic and way too short -LRB- 17 min . -RRB- , but it 's better than nothing of course . A true classic like `` Rosemary 's Baby '' deserves something AT LEAST an hour long . Still , it 's a must-buy for all Horrorheads , and I highly recommend you get this DVD .
 ROSEMARY 'S BABY IS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE ! I LIKE THAT THEIR WAS NO SERIAL KILLER OR BLOOD AND GUTS , BUT I LIKED THAT THE MOVIE DEALED WITH WITCHCRAFT . THAT 'S COOL ! GREAT ACTING , GREAT STORY , BUT IT IS N'T REALLY SCARY . BUT STILL IT 'S A VERY GOOD MOVIE !
 I originally saw this movie in 1966 while pregnant with my first child . Not a recommended thing to do . Scared me to death and made me realize what evil is out there . Still just as scary today .
 Hollywood has often attempted to capture the angst of mothers and parents alike , when recreating plots of devil possession and similar storylines . Down to the drips of water , the chocolate mouse scene , the way the meat is flipped in the pan , this movie is a true classic . I first watched this with my mom , who was a huge horror fanatic . I must say , that although I am not a fan of gory horror , the music , subtlety and visuals of this earlier entry in suspense/supernatural thrillers sets the pace for the industry . Many movies have attempted to replicate its atmopheric power , but this one remains realistic and terrifying-even today . I wish they 'd restore it and put it on Blu-Ray with plenty of extras !
 This a great horror film and the way a horror film should be made without all of the blood and gore in horror films today . It is a film that allows you to use your imagination without trying to gross you out right to the very end , the scene where Rosemary is forced to have sex with Satan is creepy enough and can give you nightmares .
 This movie was practically perfectly adapted from the novel and has since became a horror classic . Now , is it scary ??? Not really , but what made this movie so great is that the atmosphere makes it almost believable . The story is based around a young wife and her husband who move into a New York apartment building and find themselves living amongst a group of Satan worshippers . Unknown to her , they have plans for horrifying plans for her and succeed with them due to help from her husband . Mia Farrow was perfect in the role and played Rosemary Woodhouse magnificently . The rest of the cast was also very enjoyable . Do n't pass this film up .
 This is , by far , the scariest movie of all time . There 's no blood or gore , it 's purely psychological . It will scare ... you . See it .
 There 's always something new to see or hear when you revisit this calculating study of satanism . It 's cool , elegant , sleek and so subtle , maybe Ruth Gordon 's eyes meet you again , or is it THAT painting ? Possibly new images emerge from the dream/rape sequence ? This movie does have its own life - continuously sneaking new things `` in '' . An odd piece of work - with that little old warning , about `` wishing for stuff that you really do n't need '' . Beautifully realized by Roman Polanski from the Novel by Ira Levin -LSB- `` Stepford Wives '' -RSB- , this is the tale of naive Rosemary and her ambitious actor husband , the gothic apartment , the ancient neighbors , a conception ... . followed with the rest . It 's all very real , all too familiar , quite possible.The DVD version is fine , sound could be enhanced , and we could really dispense with Mia Farrow 's dated `` flower-child '' interview . -LSB- There is a glimpse of the sadly missed Sharon Tate -RSB- . Mr. Polanski has never disappointed , and truly `` no one does it like '' Mr. Polanski . See `` The Tenant '' for the Transatlantic view of this matter!Sequels ? Do n't bother , maybe Mr. Polanski will revisit The Branford .
 In this age of lowered attention spans and Scream-style self-referential horror it does not surprise me to find many people disagreeing that this is indeed a `` horror '' film . People , let me say this once
 Sometimes a film comes along that redeems the art form that is cinema , most definitely , Rosemary 's Baby is one of those films.In the film version of Ira Levin 's impressive modern gothic , the cinematic content already apparent in the novel is the priority , the auteur understands what is important is not the story as it is seen on paper , but the story as it is told visually . Polanski proves in this film that when he is on top there is none greater.Polanski takes a sunny Manhattan apartment and in it he creates a sense of claustrophobic atmosphere , and understands both cinematography and the audience so well that he uses a barrage of imagery to play the audience like a violin creating a response of pure terror . However , the amazing thing about this film is that it does even the little things so well.For example , this film contains the best dream sequences I 've ever seen . True , Hitchcock created some of the most fascinating and artisitc dream sequences visually , but none of them came nearly as close to creating what the dream state is truly like . -- And Hitch was really impressed when he saw this one!Many directors lack a sense of daring , they are so worried about appeasing the audience that they cease to challenge them . Polanski challenges the audience ten times a frame , he creates outrage by allowing chaos to reign , and displays complete disregard for structure/order as the primary priority.Polanski has always struck me as a balance between a director of the French New Wave style and a student of Hitchcock which supplies him with an amazing combination of freedom and precision . The performances in this film are outstanding all around . Polanski to me is one of the few directors who is completely fearless when it comes to taking risks.I do n't believe I 've ever seen another director who possesses and expresses such dual qualities so effortlessly , and what to say of the cast ? He ellicits a wonderful , memorable performance by Mia Farrow , who was then practically -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- a virgin of films , and jumped straight into history.Polanski feels no obligation to tradition , but simultaneously has an enormous amount of respect for the masters who came before him . There is also a great balance between the fantastic and the realistic in this film , drawing a very thin line between both , and forcing the audience to question the fantastic realities and the realistic fantasies.They say that the great artists know the rules , but can get away with breaking them because they realize that it is something far beyond rules that makes their medium what it is , and I can think of few filmmaker 's who exemplify this to same extent as Roman Polanski .
 This is how horror should be . Horror should be horrific . And this movie succeeds in the best way ... it creates suspense so intense it 's discomforting . Polanski uses a great offbeat style in telling this demented tale of ... I wo n't say ... Farrow is terrific , Cassavetes is alright , and Gordon is great as the hilarious and annoying neighbour . This rivals Hitchcock in building suspense . I 'm just rambling ... I love this movie so much . Just watch it . Note
 Anyone that enjoys a good chiller movie , should not miss `` Rosemary 's Baby '' . The direction by Roman Polanski is awesome and truly creepy . Mia Farrow is perfect as Rosemary , the innocent woman betrayed by her vain actor husband . John Cassavetes is captivating as Rosemary 's husband , his original brand of Brandoish-Kazan acting in this film makes one wonder why he did n't recieve an oscar for this performance . The oscar winner for this film -LRB- best supporting actress -RRB- is the fine talent Ruth Gordon , do n't miss her in this one . Gordon really camps up her role as the old witch next door , making her comical , yet still very scary . Get this one , you wo n't reget it !
 Though not a film that fans of gory slasher films will love , definitely one of the smartest horror films ever , and by far the best . The sense of paranoia that Rosemary feels is conveyed very well , to the point where you almost feel as she does .
 there must be someone who knows the answer to this
 THE STORYA couple , Rosemary and Guy , have just married and moved into a newblock of flats.Next to their flat lives a couple of two elders.They bring Guy to their satanism team , and while Rosemary is pregnant , Guy does a pact with Satan.Satan promises him a sucsesful career-he 's an infamous actor.But with this pact , Rosemary will give birth to Satan 's child.Finally , Rosemarywill understand and she will try to avoid them.BEST SCENES * In the end , when Rosemary arrives in the room with the baby -LRB- it has born -RRB- . There are sitting many people and they are waiting for her.She goes to the baby 's cradle and ... looks into.And she gets scared.She says < < What did you do to its eyes ? >> A person says < < Nothing.It has got its father 's eyes . >> < > < < Guy is n't his father.Satan is his father . >> * When she reads Hat 's book about witches , magicians , and with herScrable she does anagrammatism and she sees the truth.She sees what kind of people are the neighbors.OVERALL REVIEWI could n't see the whole movie because there were some '' unsuitable '' scenes -LRB- in the begging almost -RRB- and this was the worst thing in the movie.This and her vulgar dream.You have to close your eyes.There are many vulgar scenes and this disturbed me a lot : this is why I rated 4 instead of 5 . For all the horror fans , it 's great.OTHER GOOD HORROR MOVIESThe ShiningThe ExorcistItThe OthersThe Sixth Sense ... and many more !!!
 This is definately on of the scariest movies ever made ! 4.5 out 5 stars ! It 's a little slow in the middle . This film is n't for everybody though , this one gives you authentic scares ! This is n't for everyone . You have to use your imagination and put yourself in the characters shoes . Works in every movie . But if you are one of those who just do n't care about story , or just to lazy to think , and just want thrills , Then rent Halloween , Nightmare on Elm Street , Friday the 13th , or The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.This has the perfect ending ! This is n't as scary as The Omen or The Exorcist , but it 's right up there with them ! Definately worth checking out !
 By today 's standards Rosemary 's Baby is a little drawn-out . It 's really not that scary either . However the plot is pretty good . The disturbing part is how innocent Rosemary can be basically sold off to the Devil by her husband in exchange for his fame and fortune , without her willingness or consent .
 Rosemary 's Baby was shot during a turbulent period of American history . The baby boom generation was against all established values and norms . This movie , if for no other reason , should be viewed by all as a commentary on the attitudes , mores , and - yes - some pretty awful performances ! Well , remember , Mia Farrow WAS the wife of Frank Sinatra at the time , but he soon changed her status ... anyway - buy it - watch it - ca n't be beat !
 The horror genre used to be an art . Nowadays , horror films are formulaic and blood-and-guts violence-glorifying mania showcases . There iare always some teenagers vulnerable to death at the hands of zombies or some other monstrous beings or psychopaths . Horror films of classic category -LRB- from the 30 's to the 70 's -RRB- relied mostly on the psychological effects on the audience . Such horror films as Psycho , Night Of The Living Dead , The Omen series , The Shining and The Exorcist were not onlly visually frightening to look at but deeply disturbing on a mental level as well . Suspense and subtlety , combined with haunting moods in the score composed the meat of these classic horror films.By 1968 , Roman Polanski 's `` Rosemary 's Baby '' based on the horror novel by Ira Levin , was treading some new ground in horror cinema . It was considered modern during its time . It 's not suited to everyone 's tastes . Conservative Christians will be greatly disgusted and opposed to the dominant theme in the movie - the Devil impregnates a mortal woman in order to win over God nor will it please some to hear the blasphemous idea of God being dead , as the scene in which Mia Farrow 's character Rosemary Woodhouse glances at the headline of a Time magazine . The witches coven is as diabolical as it can get . A group of ordinary looking New York City residents living in an apartment hide a vicious secret beneath their friendly facade and genteel manners . At first , you do n't know where the film is going . Ruth Gordon 's character Minnie , who is in fact a witch , is overly concerned and caring for Rosemary during her pregnancy , which she and her husband 's coven had arranged by drugging Rosemary . Moreover , by far the most wicked of the characters has to be Rosemarys own husband -LRB- played by Jon Cavazet -RRB- , an ambitious actor who makes a pact with the witches to use his wife as a tool for the Devil to impregnate with his child , In return , he receives success , fame and fortune in his film career . It seems as if underneath the chilling horror , Roman Polanski is providing a social criticism . Money and fame , even if it 's Hollywood-based , can be dehumanizing and corrupting . It is true for Rosemary 's husband , who was apparently so self-centered he did not care he had used his wife for the greatest evil - the birth of the Anti-Christ or Devils son . For Polanski , whose films always have a tragic and dark cynicism , life was not too happy as proven through his off-career life . His wife Sharon Tate the actress was brutallly murdered by the crazed Marilyn Manson cult . He would express some of his emotion upon this matter in the 1971 film Macbeth from Shakespeare 's play .
 Despite being made in the 1970s , this is a very watchable film . The set and costume designs are excellent . The editing is so different from American style filmmaking . Mia Farrow does an amazing job conveying a non-fool surrounded by incredible stinkers including her selfish husband . This could be a cautionary tale about dealing with other people in life and not be about the supernatural at all . It 's more sinister and digestible to blame Satanism , but Michael Clayton is about similarly awful human beings .
 Satan shags a sweet pixie you just want to hold . You know how a woman will say , `` I just want to be held ? '' , and you sigh because you know from experience that she 's an insatiable wildebeest ? Mia Farrow is not like that , she 's cute as a button . An earth angel . So Satan starts to shag her , and she ca n't fight back because she 's been drugged by her husband and kooky neighbors . -LRB- The neighbors are similar to Fred and Ethel Mertz -- except they worship Satan ! -RRB- Too bad Mia was n't sober and packing heat , so she could teach Satan some manners vigilante style ! You got ta nip Satan 's shenanigans in the bud as soon as he starts getting frisky . That 's the only way to go with jerks like him . I mean , could you imagine Mia going to trial , with a Marcia Clark-type prosecutor pleading her rape case against Satan 's team of lawyers ? Give me a break ! I would have loved to see a sober Mia mouth a catchphrase then play judge , jury , and executioner by kicking Satan in the pills and emptying a clip into his dome .
 not a huge fan of Mia Farrow but she was EXCELLENT in this ! this film centers around her and her husband who live in an old apartment building in NYC and theyre trying to have a baby . They have a few problems with a nosy old couple who turn out to be witches after their baby , and it turns out the husband was in it all along . no one believes her when she suspects these people , so they are all against her . i dont want to tell you the end , that would spoil it , LOL i know its fiction but the only thing i have a problem with the film is the fact that witches are always being portrayed as evil , and they are not ... i guess alot of films would not have been made if they didnt believe that .
 The movie was good right down to that ending . If it were me I would just kill the people and kill the baby . The baby was n`t even a normal baby . I just think that it was a great movie but should have made the ending better , but that ` s not the director ` s fault it ` s the author ` s.
 Ira Levin 's classic tale of gothic horror in 1960 's Manhattan is wonderfully brought to life by Roman Polanski in the film version . The movie has much more depth and strength of characterization than the book , and the biggest surprise , when the movie first opened , was Mia Farrow 's absolutely great performance as Rosemary.The movie stays very close to the book throughout , and the actors are terrific . John Cassavetes is excellent as Rosemary 's low-life actor husband who sacrifices her to his ambition without a second thought ; Ruth Gordon won a well-deserved Oscar for best supporting actress as the delightfully wacky witch next door ; Sidney Blackmer gives a chilling performance as her sinister husband whose name is an anagram that sends Rosemary hurtling down a spiral chute of terror and panic , and Ralph Bellamy is total perfection as the evil Dr. Sapirstein.The two best scenes in the movie are the scene in which Rosemary , who wants a baby more than anything else in the world , finds herself being impregnated by God-knows-what , and the scene toward the movie 's end when she realizes just what she was impregnated with . The movie was shot mostly in and around the Dakota , the grand old Upper West Side co-op that lends itself remarkably well to the creepy projection of a haunted house , the cinematography and film editing are excellent , and Polanski 's direction proves that a great horror movie does n't have to be a slasher film to effectively scare the bejesus out of you . There 's no blood , no gore , no violence ; just a great psychological horror ride , and it works .
 The film is not in your face . In fact , Roman Polanski 's visionary work is more subdued than many films at this time . But it is that tameness , and peace that makes the mood of this movie so uncomfortable . Everything is fine , only the opposite . The film starts slow enough , a young couple moving in together , trying to have a baby . While they come at the mercy of strange happenings . Whether it be Rosemary 's friend ` jumping ' to her death . Or it be her somewhat too nice neighbors . You begin to see the world through the eyes of Rosemary , and you grow terrified along with her . While the sheer horror really comes at the end , when we realize how easy evil can seduce us , the movie stays chilling until the last frame . While movies like Nightmare on Elm Street and The Thing try to capture a horrible beast in his most frightening stage , this movie teaches us that the scariest things in life may be the people we trust the most . This truly is Polanski 's best work , and it has survived the test of time .
 I used to play the theme song on the piano when I was a kid ... it was haunting , just like the film.I always loved this film . It was almost perfect in every way . My Grandma used to remind me of Ruth Gordon , so I just adored Ruth Gordon . Here she was her New York yenta-ish self , but a Satanist , too . This is exactly why the film works so well . We all get scared of monsters and psychopaths running around with knives . In this movie , though , the villians are are New York yenta and her intellectual husband.This does follow Ira Levin 's excellent novel . Mia Farrow is perfect as gentle , almost timid Rosemary . The entire cast is wonderful.I remember watching this movie as a child , and I 'm almost certain that the ending here is changed . When Rosemary enters the neighbor 's apartment with her knife , and goes over to the bassinet , then gasps in horror , there used to be a superimposed image of cat-like eyes while Rosemary screams , `` What have you done to his eyes ? '' That really worked well , but it 's gone here , or at least on the dvd I watched recently.All in all , an excellent movie.By the way , several years ago I was in the bookstore and came upon Ira Levin 's sequel to this , `` The Son of Rosemary '' . UGH ! This is the most horrible novel EVER . Well , probably not ever , but definitely up there . What a disappointment that was !
 This is the greatest horror film , and one of the greatest films ever , period.Everything in it works . From that terrific tag line to the creepy poster art , to that off kilter lullaby Mia Farrow croons , to every single performance , line of dialogue and scene . The cast is perfection . The terror is palpable . The extras set the movie in its time , but the movie has surpased its time and become , like all true classics , for the ages . The Bramley will never be razed for a parking lot . Ira Levin 's superb novel was blessed by Roman Polanski 's film . Both are landmarks touched with more than a little genius.The movie is wickedly funny , deliciously entrancing , groundbreakingly `` real '' because it 's horror is set in present day New York ; also , the elderly couple next door , who are the coven leaders , are played to the hilt by nosey Ruth Gordon and the intriguing Sidney Blackmer ; therefore , it 's easy to come under their spell . Blackmer especially gives an almost noble performance that is rich and wise . The entire cast is at the top of their game.Maurice Evan 's Hutch is the hope and comfort of the film , the logical reality against what is inexorably happening , while Ralph Bellamy 's Dr. Saperstein -LRB- he was on `` Open End , '' you know -RRB- is that soft spoken easygoing evil that you just know hides a little below the surface of most of his ilk . It 's also fun seeing Hope Summers -LRB- Clara Edwards of `` The Andy Griffith Show '' -RRB- as a Satanist . Not out of character here , really . Did Aunt Bea ever find out?It 's ironic that the movie probably could not be made today . The current crop of puritans would rail against it ; odd , since the bare bones of the plot hew to what they say they believe . But while those lame Left Behind movies and the others artlessly propound beating foolish stuff into its audiences heads , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' plays knowingly with fiction , with what ifs , with the paranoia come true , all in a twisty gripping eerie exciting film , produced by the great William Castle , who has just the right cameo that comes with the chill first , then the laughter.Mia Farrow 's heart wrenching Rosemary Woodhouse leads us into her terror and pain , then into her first goosebumpy nightmare come true reaction to her son , propelling into that final reaction , maybe even scarier , as the camera wisely pans to the window and the outside of the Bramley . There are some fine character actors as well , always dependable Elisha Cook , Jr. . Philip Leeds and Patsy Kelly.John Cassavetes , as Guy Woodhouse , also creeps us out as he sells himself and Rosemary , and I guess , their baby , and the world , to Satan , to further his acting career . Being in bit parts in `` Luther '' and `` Nobody Loves an Albatross '' can only take an actor just so far . Priorities , after all . So settle down with some `` plain old Lipton Tea , '' a bowl of `` chocolate mouse '' and a Vodkda Blush , and watch a classic again or for the first time . Watch out for mouse bites , though .
 So much has been said about Rosemary 's Baby . For me this is a film with so much style and substance , I always enjoy viewing it . I just want to mention a few standout elements that I am bewitched by.Ruth Gordon . I ca n't praise this performance enough . The Oscar was well deserved . She is a brash little gargoyle as Minnie Castevet . She steals scenes with such ease . Watch her eating a slice of cake when Guy and Rosemary are over for dinner . It is absolutely revolting and hilarious at once . Amazing.The score is so unusual , and it works . And Polanski knew when not to use it . Sometimes silence just adds so much to the creepiness factor.The cinematography and direction are fun and witty . You will find yourself craning your neck to see a character who has been carefully placed just out of the shot . There are many ingenius touches peppered throught this movie . I wo n't bother listing them all . Suffice to say that this is a fun , fascinating film that happens to deal with the occult . Back then they knew that the less you reveal , the more you leave to the audience 's imagination .
 The truly frightening thing about `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is that the satanic cultists are just the normal folks living next door . The very ordinariness of their evil is much more terrifying than `` The Exorcist '' . This film is packed with excellent performances from Mia Farrow , as the manipulated anti-madonna , to John Cassavetes as the ambitious husband who sees nothing wrong with trading the use of his wife 's womb for success . Check out Ruth Gordan , Sidney Blackmer , Ralph Bellamy , Maurice Evans and Charles Grodin . They just do n't make films like this any more . This is the best of Roman Polanski and author Ira Levin . And , watch for a cute cameo appearance by producer/horrormeister William Castle . Highly Recommended !
 This Polanski gem is quite easily one of the finest horror movies in the history of cinema and I can not recommend it highly enough!While not a particularly bloody movie as others in the Horror genre , its devilishly clever writing and screenplay make sure that it maintains an eerily sinister atmosphere throughout . The nightmare sequences will lurk in your memory for a while.Acting is first-rate all round , but the picture simply would n't work without the passionate conviction that Mia Farrow brings to her portrayal . She exudes vulnerability , but also brings so many other subtle but passionate shadings to her characterization that we can never simply pity Rosemary.Very few movies have been able to mix intense psychological horror , raw emotion and a delicious air of ambiguity with such flair . You 're all at once bewildered , scared to death and on the verge of tears.Grab it if you get a chance , this is a cinematic marvel .
 I am amazed that I have just watched ROSEMARY 'S BABY for the first time.When this film came out when I was in 7th grade I remember that it carried the ominous rating 'M ' -LRB- Mature -RRB- , which in those days was verboten for anyone under 21 . I remember hearing all of the scandalous talk about it ; Satanism,anti-Christianity , nudity , talk of marijuana etc.That was groundbreaking stuff in those days!What though may seem `` quaint '' to some still carries with it a powerful punch for those who see this film through the eyes of the time in which it was made.This film threatened the very `` sacred cows '' of American Traditional values . As seen in the film , TIME MAGAZINE did print a front page edition entitled `` IS GOD DEAD ? '' That alone was considered blasphemous.Viewing the movie through THAT lens will make it all the more interesting!Well , now in 2007 I have seen it , and it is so easy to see WHY this film was so shocking.It still shocked me ; not so much for the content as much as for the brilliant direction of Roman Polanski who knows how to create real and palpable tension.You jump when he says jump.You feel the foreboding and the secrecy.You feel the terror.He moves the camera down spooky corridors . The music is appropriately creepy and adds to the further mix of desperation and high strung feeling.This is what makes this movie a classic ! Polanski -LRB- CHINATOWN , THE PIANIST , OLIVER TWIST -RRB- knows how much fishing line to let out , hook you , and then reel you slowly in , only to let you think you are going to be released , quickly then snatching you up unexpectedly!Polanski follows in the steps of others great suspense directors , but seldom has anyone achieved such height and depth of terror that is done so craftily and subtly.The film may seem dated , but when looked at as a period piece ROSEMARY 'S BABY becomes all the more fascinating ; dial up phones , answering services , black elevator operators , earth - tone furniture , Vidal Sassoon haircuts , smoking and drinking in front of pregnant women , and parts of New York City that no longer exist.The film is a veritable chronicle of 1960 's life ! Put a first class screenplay with excellent direction and it is easy to see how subsequent directors tried to make films of this genre , but fell short -LRB- not all , but many ! -RRB- . Mia Farrow was fresh from her debut triumph as Allison Mackenzie in the the scandalous evening T.V. Soap , PEYTON PLACE!She was the `` IT '' girl of the moment . John Cassavetes went on to be a great and famous director . Ruth Gordon , who won the Oscar for her portrayal as Minnie was still wowing them into the late 1980 's . This film featured all of the `` now '' actors.ROSEMARY 'S BABY is a nail-biter ! Yes , the `` spawn of Satan '' flicks continue to be made , but ROSEMARY 'S BABY set the whole hellish ball into high spinning motion.THE EXORCIST , THE OMEN all followed in subsequent years.TOP 5 HORROR FILMS OF ALL TIME IN MY BOOK!I now know why people considered this film so overwhelming for it 's time.It still has staying power that are hallmarks of great films !
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is a the film version of the scary book from author Ira Levin . This movie not only exceeds the novel 's level of suspense ; it crosses it by leaps & bounds . The film finds young , happy couple Rosemary & Guy Woodhouse moving into a big , fancy NY city apartment known as the Bramford . They quickly make friends with the seemingly friendly elderly next door couple , & settle in . But all is not as it seems . Rosemary begins to suspect things are off during her pregnancy , in which she loses an extreme amount of weight & her friend seems to be trying to warn her about something ... unfortunatly , a coma stops him . Little does Rosemary know about the satanic plot which surrounds her & the secret of her unborn babys identity ... Rosemary 's baby is considered oonbe of the best & most ground breaking horror films , & rightly so ; it 's genuinly scary . Not in the way where things jump out at you , no , no ; what `` Rosemary '' achieves is a growing sense of dread & suspense.The film benefits greatly from the stylish direction of Roman Polanski & from the phenomenal performance by Mia Farrow as Rosemary . Rosemary is young and innocent & frail & all of this is captured wonderfully by Farrow 's sensitive portrayal of a woman who has basically everyone against her . In the end , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' may be considered `` Slow '' by some of today 's standards , but when it comes down to it , `` Rosemary '' really delivers the gooseflesh goods ... - Alex Barone
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is one of Roman Polanski 's best films and a first-rate , faithful adaptation of the Ira Levin novel which tells the story of witchcraft on Manhattan 's Upper West Side . It 's basically a spin on the Doctor Faustus tale , but with a decidedly 1960 's sensibility.Rosemary -LRB- a superb Mia Farrow -RRB- and Guy Woodhouse -LRB- equally well cast John Castavettes -RRB- move into an atmospheric and beautifully detailed , four-room apartment in the elephantine Branford Apartment house on Manhattan 's Upper West Side -LRB- actually it is the Dakota that is used for the exteriors -RRB- , but shortly learn that it has a dark history of suicide , black happenings and witchcraft . When a young neighbor -LRB- gorgeous Victoria Vetri -RRB- commits suicide shortly afterward by jumping from the window of her apartment , the Woodhouses encounter their nosy neighbors , an elderly couple Minnie -LRB- Ruth Gordon -RRB- and Roman Castevet -LRB- Sidney Blackmer -RRB- whose nasal brayings they have previously only heard through the wall . Soon Minnie and Roman have imposed themselves on the young couple 's life and although Rosemary finds it distasteful , Guy seems to take a peculiar liking to them , seeing them -LRB- as Rosemary believes -RRB- as parental figures . But the truth is more sinister . The elderly couple and their cronies are actually a coven of witches and Guy agrees to allow the Devil to father Rosemary 's baby in exchange for success in his career . He does this by deceiving Rosemary and allowing her to be used in a ritual while drugged.Oh , what fun this movie is ! One of my favorite movies of all times ! Mia Farrow as Rosemary has the proper gamine look and a fragility , yet interestingly , she is also strong and feisty , taking things into her own hand and becoming a heroine of sorts . Castavettes is wonderfully cast as the husband -- brooding , handsome , sexy and at times almost sinister with his eyes staring out from beneath wild brows -- almost diabolical . Ruth Gordon is delicious as Minnie and won an Academy Award , if I 'm not mistaken -- her toreador pants , the bracelets jangling on her wrists , her ingratiating yet obnoxious manner are all perfect . Even the bit parts are cast with wonderful old character actors like Patsy Kelly and Maurice Evans . The casting is fortuitous all the way round.Add to that a wonderful script , sticking closely to the novel ; great off-kilter camera angles ; dream sequences ; incredible sets -LRB- that apartment is to die for ! -RRB- ; and then the whole 60 's thread , even incorporating in a Time Magazine cover that proclaimed `` Is God Dead '' ; and you have a top-notch film . It 's very understated , not a blood-and-cheap-thrills horror flick . The only thing that truly annoys me is that tendency of the 60 's to make the `` older generation '' the bad guys and youth the heroes , as they sort of do here , since all the witches and warlocks are actually quite old . But there 's such wit about all of it , I do n't quibble . It 's a wonderful touch to have the respected doctor , the Japanese shutterbug , the benign-looking gossipy little old ladies and an aging warlock , a mousy dentist -- all members of this sinister cult and retaining their colorful New York personalities . The characters are richly detailed , believable and alive , and their immersion in everyday stuff as the horror enfolds around them is wonderful.Great stuff ! Highly recommended !
 Yesterday I took home two of this month 's DVD offerings - American Beauty and the film I review here . I still like the 5-time Oscar winner immensely , but the self-congratulatory cover of the `` Awards Edition '' is dripping with hype - I plan to store the disc in a plain envelope instead.So Rosemary 's Baby comes as this month 's winner . Evidently , the best and the most chilling horror films end with The Evil ` s triumph , they do not feature the gnarling monsters covered in slime - and somehow the effect is much more profound . Roman Polanski was at his peak that time - see how the film unravels , all the incidents can be explained rationally - as the pregnant girl fantasies - right till the last minutes . All the film you can expect the people around Rosemary prove they are what they seem - the nincompoop actor , the doting and endearingly eccentric old couple , the fatherly doctor - the reassuringly commanding figure . And the most thrilling aspect of the movie is the menace that lies beneath the happenings that look 97 % normal.That feeling is very acute in the scene Roman Polanski likes the most -LRB- see his DVD interview -RRB- - the doctor and the husband lead their helpless victim to the waiting car , chauffeured by one of the coven , and the camera shows not only their progress - we see a big chunk of late afternoon New York with people strolling , relaxed , and the traffic rolls by leisurely , no one is aware of the drama that is happening just a few steps away . And there is no going back for Rosemary , the normal life ends , she is frantic but ultimately helpless.Another moment that the director calls his favorite is when Dr.Sapirstein sees the pills Ro has taken out of her handbag , takes them and shoves in his pocket . He is not angry - just disgrunted . Silly girl , a poor little thing trying to fight her glorious destiny.The casting is very good . Mia Farrow was famous only as an actress in the Peyton Place TV-series and the lack of Shakespearean background comes very handy in portraying an All-American newlywed moving into the nice appartment with the model husband to live her predictable and sweet mail-order style life . The coven is very Old World , the names are mostly weird-sounding , the film 's undercurrent is the plot of senile and over-sophisticated Europe against youthful and happy America.We are lucky the initial candidates for the husband 's part had declined or we would see Rosemary 's Baby today as a Robert Redford movie or Jack Nicholson movie - the icons were not THAT famous back in 1968 , not nearly , but today seeing one of them play the non-character would have been absurd.The pace is not forced , the director has a rather flattering view of our attention spans so the movie unfolds without the fear of becoming boring . Rosemary 's Baby deserves at least two viewings - the first one in total ignorance of the plot 's conclusion -LRB- though I do not think this can happen now -RRB- and the second with the full knowledge of the things to come , looking for hints and details.And the DVD is superb - it 's mostly crisp image is a very welcome change from the vagueness of the tired VHS I own for the last decade .
 Very few directors come along that match the genius of Roman Polanski . I have n't much to say regarding this film , the plot is simple and does more than justice to Ira Levin 's novella . John Cassavates and Mia Farrow are superb in this soul wrenching film that , unlike many horror movies , doens ' t scare you from it 's bloody murder , but rather , it 's psychogical trickery . Pay attention and listen carefully when watching this film for subtle hints and clues to the truth , they are easy to miss . A wholesome , psychological , subtle , mind boggling , horrificly frightening movie that was decades ahead of its time . FLAWLESS acting , stylistic subtle camera usage and score . Rosemary 's Baby is BY FAR , unrivaled as the Horror Movie of ALL Horror Movies . Enjoy this one .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a story of Evil in a secular world . The characters in the film are vulnerable precisely because they are losing their grip on faith in God . At moments , Polanski is a bit ham-handed about this , allowing the camera to linger on Time 's famous `` god is dead '' cover as the film reaches its climax . Other times , he is effectively subtle , with snippets of very `` modern '' conversations about the humor in organized religion and Catholicism in particular . We 'd have even less of a chance today against Polanski 's forces of Evil ... the only concern the characters would likely have is whether a Spawn of Satan would have an advantage in getting into an Ivy League college.Getting back to the film , Rosemary 's Baby has inventive story line and unexpectedly dark ending after nicely paced twists and turns . Apart from Mia Farrow and her old friend Hutch , the main characters that populate the film represent a palate of narcissism , arrogance , egotism , and vanity . Occasionally , and very effectively , well-meaning , ordinary , and `` decent people '' show their faces , but are powerless to interfere in a conspiracy of the rich and powerful -LRB- and highly intelligent -RRB- . Of course , we know the secret of their success.Mia Farrow 's character is genuine , but at times maddening in her inability to sort through what 's happening to her and to stand up to her vain and domineering husband . She is a woman floating between modern assertiveness and traditional fealty to her man . Yet , she manages to pull this off and , by the time she gets wise , the race is on .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' has long been considered a great horror movie , and I have often wondered why it has been considered as such . Now that I 've seen it several times now , I do understand where some people are coming from with this movie , but I respectfully disagree with their opinion . That being said , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is , at times , atmospheric , creepy , eerie and is definitely a movie that gets under your skin with its nightamrish quality . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is also a movie that you may never forget after your watch it because it is unique in a sense , but it is not the pure and unadulterated horror movie that some people make it out to be ... that would be unfair to the movie and to the horror genre . The horror in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is extremely reliant on Rosemary 's paranoia and the ending of the movie itself , which works to bring all of Rosemary 's horror home to the audience in a shocking conclusion . However , Rosemary 's paranoia about what is going to become of her and her baby is what really drives the movie , and it is this suspense which is created by Rosemary 's paranoia that makes `` Rosemary 's Baby '' a good movie . Hence , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is in large part a mystery movie with a lot of suspense and tension.There are no scares or fright scenes that make you jump in this `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , but that 's not such a bad thing . The horror in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' exists in the audience identifying with Rosemary 's likable and innocent character , and the audience sympathizes with her and goes through this nightmare with her with each scene of the movie , from the nightmarish rape scene all the way until Rosemary 's horrifying realization at movie 's end.Another great thing about `` Rosemary 's Baby '' that I like and I find effective at creating some horror is the story itself including the real-life look at the horror of satanism . Some movies -LRB- `` Race with the Devil '' and `` Spellbinder '' to name a couple -RRB- have attempted to follow up on the horrifying idea used in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' that anyone can be a satanist , even a sweet old couple who are your next door neighbors for that matter ... this idea is indeed scary for the viewer.The acting in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is absolutely terrific , especially Ruth Gordon and Mia Farrow ; and the directing is likewise good as Roman Polanski is able to paint a horrifying nightmare for the viewer through the eyes of Rosemary Woodhouse.That being said , the action in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' leaves a lot to be desired and the movie tends to drag on and on at times with what seems to be almost painfully repetitive scenes and this is a very significant criticism , but this is part of Polanski leading the viewer down a path of suspense and building up to the movie 's horrifying conclusion . One is left to wonder if the movie would work any other way . However , if the viewer does not stay with the movie very closely , the viewer will come away with a cheated feeling after seeing this movie and not like it.By way of humble criticism , I would have liked to have seen the movie develop the satanism theme more than it did and show the viewer what goes on behind the closed doors with these psychotic people including more of a look at their ceremonies and the horror of their practices . I think this would have made the movie scarier and better as a horror movie . Also , it should be noted that there is zero violence in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' so the viewer is unable to experience the horror of the satanic sacrifices and satanic rituals , although there is one scene involving the girl that `` falls '' from the window of the satanist 's New York high-rise apartment . Still , that is not really enough to even wet the apetite of today 's horror movie lover . Indeed , it is Rosemary 's situation that the audience sympathizes with and , in turn , experiences her fear and her horror during the movie , but is that enough to make a great horror movie ? The short answer is clearly no.While difficult to rate and review especially in this day and age , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is , in all actuality , an eerie and nightmarish type of mystery movie with some elements of horror and a good bit of suspense , a movie that does get under the viewer 's skin , but is perhaps a little too long and not much in the way of action . Undoubtedly , there are some clear elements of cinematic horror in this movie associated with the story itself , the situational horror -LRB- especially that of Rosemary 's paranoia and terrifying realization at the end of the movie -RRB- , but that is just about it.In conclusion , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' really is more of a mystery/suspense-horror hybrid rather than a pure horror movie , and this is not necessarily a bad thing -LRB- if that 's what you 're looking for -RRB- because `` Rosemary 's Baby '' works fairly well like this , notwithstanding the movie 's shortcomings as far as its merits as a horror movie are concerned . However , the viewer should know what he/she is getting into with this movie because if you 're not in the mood for a movie like this , you may come away disappointed . Realizing `` Rosemary 's Baby '' for what it is and what it is not , I found `` Rosemary 's Baby '' to be quite good and entertaining , but not a great `` horror movie '' by any stretch of the imagination .
 A very good taste classic 60s horror film that does n't rely on gore . Instead , it 's the paranoia that is no longer scary . After watching it 20 times , the plot becomes predictable and the only remotely scary thing is the coven scene and at the end with a flash of the devil . Rosemary Woodhouse -LRB- a name ripped off by a long standing wannabe famous Church of Satan member -RRB- moves into an apartment with her husband . Her neighbors , played by Ruth Gordon who won an Oscar for this performance and her husband is Roman Castavet , a generational Satanist born in the 1800s . Rosemary gets pregnant and her husband joins the Satanist next door coven in exchange for fame on Broadway . This hardly raises an eybrow today , and the paranoia is no longer there . But it 's still a classic horror film , only times have changed since 1968 to rely on gore and shocking visuals , not a plot . I even want to make an argument that movies are an obselete mode of thinking . At maybe 2 hours and 20 minutes long , it just is n't time consuming enough for the paranoid devil worship plot to get to the teen dabbler turned quasi born again Christian . Try some gory images of Satan eating the baby and killing people brutally , because the movie psychology just is n't there any more .
 Today , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is considered a classic and with good reason . All aspects of this film are top-notch , from the screenplay , to the directing , acting , score , cinematography , and so on . Roman Polanski weaves a highly suspenseful tale of a young pregnant woman who slowly comes to the realization that those around her are plotting against her for the possesion of her unborn child.Although usually classified as a horror film , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is much more of a psychological thriller than a true horror film . Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse -LRB- perfectly played by Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes -RRB- move into their new apartment and soon discover that they are about to become parents . Things quickly begin to unravel for Rosemary as she begins to suspect that her overly nosey neighbors -LRB- Sidney Blackmer and Oscar winner Ruth Gordon -RRB- are showing far to much of an interest in her health and the health of her unborn child . As the months pass and Rosemary comes closer to giving birth , her fears are heightened and she becomes suspicious of everyone , including her husband . Is she losing her mind or is everyone involved in a conspiracy against her and her baby?Polanski brilliantly sets up a sense of building paranoia and fear in Rosemary , creating an almost claustrophobic environment around her in which she is powerless to escape from . Polanski creates a wonderfully foreboding mood throughout the film , always keeping the audience from being able to tell the good guys from the bad . The decision not to actually show the baby and leave it 's appearance up to the audience 's imagination is pure genius.The acting is exceptional with Mia Farrow giving one of her best perfomances ever and Ruth Gordon winning an Oscar for her spot-on portrayal of an overly annoying neighbor hiding a terrifying secret.The film also contains one of the most haunting themes ever put on celluloid . Ms. Farrow 's lilting lullabye over the film 's opening credits is simplicity itself , yet manages to create a wonderful sense of dread and trepidation and sets the perfect tone for the movie to come.The DVD version is quite good , with great audio and visual clarity . In addition to the usual DVD features -LRB- widescreen , subtitles , interactive menus -RRB- it contains a `` making of '' featurette and retropsective interviews with Polanski , Robert Evans -LRB- Executive Producer -RRB- , and Richard Sylbert -LRB- Production Designer -RRB- This DVD is definitely for anyone who prefers their horror films to be suspenseful rather than bloody .
 I have been watching a lot of Roman Polanski films lately . So far I have watched Chinatown , Rosemary 's Baby , Repulsion , The Fearless Vampire Killers , and The Pianist . I have got to say that the stand out film of those five for me was most definitely Rosemary 's Baby . Yes , they are all amazing films -LRB- Yes , I think that The Fearless Vampire Killers was great because of the fantastic camera work and the beautiful sets -RRB- but I have my reasons for favoring Rosemary 's Baby.I will start with the acting . Mia Farrow is stellar in her portrayal of a girl whose trust in everyone around her slowly deteriates . John Cassavettes as her hubby who favores his acting career over his wife is also chilling . His character is set up at the beginning to be this funny easy-to-like fella but the viewer along with Rosemary start to get the feeling that there is something more sinister underneath his nice-guy facade as some clues start to arise . They work together perfectly as a young playful couple and they both do a fantastic job of playing there respective parts later on in the film.I believe that Roman Polanski was at the top of his form during the making of this film . He had used long takes to his advantage in the two films I 've seen by him made before RB -LRB- Repulsion and Vampire Killers -RRB- and I think his use of the long takes in this film are particularly effective . Sometimes , I feel like the constant cutting between two different faces talking to each other can be distracting whereas in a long take where all characters are in the frame , It just seems more like you are watching a scene . I love near the end when the camera continiously follows a frazzled Rosemary through the halls of the apartment building . The camera work plus the jumpy music in that scene really put you in her shoes . Another favorite scene , right after her running through the halls of her apartment building I think , is when she is in her apartment with a knife and she hears Guy enter . She quickly runs into a closet , bumping her unborn childs creeky rockabye crib on her way . You see Guy searching through the fridge and then you see Rosemary 's petite hand creep out of the closet with a massive knife and pokes the crib so it will stop rocking . Genius!I think the main thing I appreciate about this film though is it 's spot-on pacing . This is long compared to most other horror films -LRB- a bit over two hours -RRB- but it 's pacing and suspense is what makes this film perfect . This along with Stanley Kubrick 's The Shining both have the perfect pacing that shows someone on the screen slowly delve in to madness , the viewer going with them.I actually do n't know if I would consider this a horror film . It 's more of a thriller or a suspense film . Horror is usually associated with blood and guts and murder , all of which this film does not possess . It does however possess some things that most horror films do not . A great director , great script , and great actors.I highly recommend this for someone not looking for a scare-a-minute horror film , but a masterfully done slower thriller.Thanks for reading .
 Executive Producer Bob Evans ' brought ROSEMARY 'S BABY to PARAMOUNT at exactly the right moment . This box office smash rescued the nearly bankrupt company from oblivion . With Evans now at the helm , PARAMOUNT led what in retrospect has been called `` Hollywood 's second Golden Age . `` As directed by Roman Polanski , this remains one of the finest motion pictures of its kind.SYNOPSIS -- Rosemary Woodhouse is betrayed by a desperate-for-success husband , impregnated by Old Nick himself -LRB- although she believes it 's a dream -RRB- and watched over carefully during gestation by an eccentric witch who sickens her with disgusting herb potions . Once Rosemary understands what 's happening , she ca n't get any outside help . It 's the most frightening story without blood , gore and special effects that you 'll ever see . Highest recommendation!Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 8.1 -RRB- Rosemary 's Baby -LRB- 1968 -RRB- - Mia Farrow/John Cassavettes/Ruth Gordon/Sidney Blackmer/Maurice Evans/Ralph Bellamy/Patsy Kelly/Elisha Cook Jr. / Charles Grodin/Phil Leeds/Hope SummersMISCELLENIA -- Mia Farrow 's husband , Frank Sinatra delivered divorce papers to her while she was shooting this movie . Mia sings the opening theme , and yes , that 's her actually eating raw chicken liver!The woman seen briefly who looks like the widow of John Kennedy is Patricia Ann Conway , a Jackie lookalike.Sharon Tate -LRB- wife of Roman Polanski -RRB- is a guest at Rosemary 's `` no one under 60 '' party . One year after this film 's release , a pregnant Sharon and four others were murdered by members of the Manson family.When Rosemary starts questioning events , she phones the actor who had mysteriously gone blind , a sudden tragedy that gave her husband his big career break . The voice on the line is that of Mia Farrow 's friend , Tony Curtis . She did n't know who it was and you can see in her eyes an `` I know that voice '' look.While Rosemary calls Dr. Hill from a phone booth , a man lurks ominously nearby with his back to the camera . He turns , smiles at the girl and she feels safe enough to exit the booth . That bit player was the movie 's producer , William Castle.Charles Grodin -LRB- Dr. Hill -RRB- debuted here . His next role was Capt. Aarfy Aardvark inCATCH-22 -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , then Grodin starred in Neil Simon ` sHEARTBREAK KID -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . Sidney Blackmer -LRB- Roman Castevet -RRB- was a radio singer in the 1920s . He also won a Tony for his portrayal of Teddy Roosevelt and had minor roles in two Shirley Temple films , THE LITTLE COLONEL -LRB- 1935 -RRB- andHEIDI -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . Ruth Gordon 's -LRB- Minnie Castevet -RRB- first credited role was Mary Todd inABE LINCOLN IN ILLINOIS -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . She had a stop-and-start Hollywood career and is best known for co-starring inHAROLD AND MAUDE -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Patsy Kelly -LRB- Laura-Louise -RRB- bravely came out of the closet in the early 1940s , which sabotaged her career until the television era.Hope Summers -LRB- Mrs. Gilmore -RRB- was the original Mrs. Butterworth , the talking maple syrup bottle.Phil Leeds -LRB- Dr. Shand -RRB- was a ballpark peanut vendor as a youth and a Borscht Belt comic . He got blacklisted as Communist during the early 1950s . George Savalas -LRB- brother of Telly -RRB- is one of the workmen renovating the Woodhouse 's apartment.Exteriors were shot at The Dakota . Famous tenants of this 1890s apartment complex include Boris Karloff , Judy Garland , Leonard Bernstein , Jason Robards , Zero Mostel , Jos&eacute; Ferrer , Lauren Bacall , Jack Palance and John Lennon and Yoko One . John was murdered in December 1980 right outside one of this building 's entrances .
 I caught glimpses of this on cable as a kid , and those parts interspersed with ominous warnings from adults about this movie , have driven it to legendary status within my brain.I imagine scenes in my head now that are n't actually in the movie because Polanski is so masterful at suggesting more than is actually on the screen . This movie , along with Chinatown , shows Polanski is at his most suggestive and subtle.He absolutely reaches the ideal that Hemingway talked about with `` 90 % of the story submerged beneath the surface '' -- only Polanski does it on film in a way that no one else has done before or since.Hail Satan!Err . . Hail Polanski !
 Rosemary 's Baby is one of my favorite films . I think the initial attraction to the film was the near angelic appeal of Mia Farrow and the miracle of conception juxtaposed within the context of paranoid , satanic ritual . This play of opposites really makes the film intriguing.Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse attempt to start a prosperous life in a new apartment -LRB- hopefully to be filled quickly by children -RRB- . But after a tragic accident , the Woodhouses begin to experience stranger and stranger happenings as they also become closer to their neighbors . While Rosemary does become pregnant , her happiness quickly devolves into suspicion.A few graphic scenes may shock the viewer , but overall the film plays on the more subtle suspicions of Rosemary . Is she dreaming , hallucinating , crazy , or following her instincts ? Who is helping her and who is lying to her ? These questions entice the viewer to stay on the edge of their seats to find out.Highly recommended !
 100 years from now , actress Mia Farrow will be remembered in her role in this classic `` horror '' movie , much more than her current role as an activist with the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- . This aged `` horror '' movie may be a drag , but shows the supreme acting finesse of Mia Farrow . She plays a naive woman whose husband got too friendly with their Satanist neighbours . She ends up being used , conned and abused . It teaches you not to be too trusting with people with strange practices and behaviours.If you 're looking for scary scenes based on 21st century digital standards , there are none . But , back in the late 1960s and early 1970s , this movie was still talked about , at least till `` The Exorcist '' came around and trumped all horror cards as the best remembered classic horror movie of all time.Recommended viewing : The Exorcist
 I 'm a big fan of RB but on recent viewing had some insights . I think what took a me a long long time to get isa -RRB- Rosemary is an idiot , a clueless sheep who would chew a brick if you told her to . A lot of her dialogue is verbatim something that had been said to her , she repeats `` he was in Luther and nobody loves an albatross ... '' the same firggin sentence . 3x . She is lost and does whatever daddy -LRB- first Hutch , then Guy , then Dr Abe , then Dr Hill -RRB- tells her . I see her decades later a spurned broken bird with a thousand kids bitter about all men ... uh , you know.B -RRB- Guy is a low life . He sells his wife out in a heartbeat to lunatics . His controlling , angry , `` those bitches '' demeanor yech.What is seductive about this movie is we expect our heros and leads to be likable and smart and on top of things . In this case they are presented without judgement and seem likable , but on close examination they are this dumb chick and her scummy `` good lookin ' '' hubby.It is quite dated , it 's hard to imagine that at that time a `` housewife '' with no kids pretty much sat around all day , that Rosemary is expected to make guy breakfast while sick , the casual sexism . Like another world.The movie is just beautfiful to look at . The colors , crisp sharp image , that first shot of Minnie and Roman decked out in lime green and pink seersucker against the pitch black city , just awesome.SPOILERIf the coven had such power , why did they need to slip Rosemary the mickey in the mousse ? Why the complex plot , if they could blind and kill why not other stuff ?
 Mia Farrow completely captured the naive unsuspecting wife and her reaction to the realization of her husband 's betrayal was exactly how I felt . Excellent acting and clever elements of surprise . I wonder if it could be successfully remade ; but then again why mess with a good thing ?!
 Rosemary 's Baby follows Rosemary as she moves into a new apartment with her husband , Guy . Her new neighbors are odd and often intrusive . Eventually , Rosemary becomes pregnant , and due to an extreme vision/nightmare and unusual events in life , Rosemary believes Guy signed off her baby to a cult in order to accelerate his acting career . Rosemary 's Baby is a chilling and haunting psychological horror/drama . The story is twisted and creepy ; this is a horror film that does n't rely on gore or jump-scares . It does , however , creepily use some surreal imagery during an unforgettable scene . It uses drama elements wisely to create a more effective and immersive horror film . It moves at a decent pace , although it is a bit slow at times . I really enjoyed the ending of the film , where it amps up and becomes more suspenseful and shocking . The acting was also great . I also enjoyed the music ; something as simple as `` la-la-la '' on repeat starts off as enchanting and nice , and that same tune becomes haunting by the end of the film.Overall , I really enjoyed Rosemary 's Baby , it creates an impactful horror film by placing character first and masterfully executing a creepy concept . As of 1/6/13 , this film is available on Netflix Streaming , and I highly recommend a purchase.Rosemary 's Baby has some violence and blood , and nudity and sex .
 It is the every day situations and dialogue that set you up for the shock of Rosemary 's Baby . This movie is based on the book by Ira Levin , who told his story is straightforward , unadorned prose , which greatly contributes to one 's acceptance of the chain of events . Is Rosemary really being threatened by unimaginable evil , or is it all in her head ? Roman Polanski 's film is a perfect adaptation of the book . You are drawn inexorably into Rosemary 's point of view . Polanski 's direction is compelling , as the ordinary becomes the monstrous , and we learn the truth about Rosemary 's baby . After the shock , there is an aftershock , and you may never again feel you can trust in appearances .
 This film has been around for ever , but I 'd never watched it . As old as it is , it was still suspenseful and thought provoking . Not really scary , but an excellent film nonetheless .
 I sure this will be great becuase the move is great but I have ` nt seen this one yet . thanks for sending it it time .
 This is one of my absolute favorite horror movies of all time ... no gore , no heavy , cheesy special effects , just plot and suspense-building to the end .
 i have been a fan of this movie since it was releasedi have seen it about 75 times and it still scares megreat movie
 This is without question the greatest horror film ever made and I was not even born until eleven years after this film was made as someone who seen scream and I know what you did last summer this is a cut above those eventhough I DO love those the chilling part of this film is you never know what your neighbours are like plus the people who are satantic worshippers are more like your grandparents and would hardly seem like the type of people who would be into that kind of stuff . Roman Polanski is a genius and shows why european filmmakers are so much better than american filmmakers so inclosing if you want to be terrified and have many sleepless nights this is the dvd for but you have been warned this not for the weak of heart .
 This one can be seen again and again as we journey with its star , the sweet , innocent Rosemary , through her conception and pregnancy . The thing that makes this so good is that it seems so plausible . Everyone in the movie could be the neighbor next door . Farrow should 've won an Oscar for her nuanced performance . She is gut wrenchingly convincing in this . Her final scene where she makes her decision about what she will do gets you every time . Cassevetes is fabulous as her self-absorbed , heel of a husband and Ruth Gordon is just a delight . Roman & Dr. Saperstein are all wonderful as is Charles Grodin . My two favorite scenes are when Rosemary gets the book her now deceased friend Hutch leaves her a clue to figure out what 's going on , and the realization hits as she unscrambles that clue . Finally , the last scene which is injected with a lot of black humor -LRB- the Asian guy shooting pictures and Ruth Gordon pressing in the knife mark in the floor -RRB- to its tragic yet touching final scene . You do n't need blood , guts & brains to make people not sleep at night . Polanski is a genius .
 First off-I love this movie . It 's probably as close to the book as a movie can be expected to be . However , if you already own this movie and think the special features of the DVD are worth purchasing be wary -- in my opinion , it 's just a bunch of filler ! If you do n't own this movie -- or if you 've never seen it -- then I strongly recommend it -- but if you 're looking for great `` extras '' - I think you 'll be disappointed -- I was ! Mia Farrow is excellent as Rosemary but Ruth Gordon steals the movie . Easily the best movie Roman Polanski ever made .
 I 'll get right to the point
 The very elements that made `` Rosemary 's Baby '' such an epic of understated suspense , escalating terror and subtle intrigue are the qualities that substantially undermine the DVD -LRB- unless you have n't seen the movie previously -RRB- . I first saw this film many , many years ago and was nearly catatonic with fear at Polanski 's masterful tale . It was certainly the director 's finest hour as a filmmaker . However , I found my second viewing -LRB- via the newly-released DVD -RRB- somewhat of a letdown . I already knew the storyline , so the effects of Polanski 's singular talents were significantly muted this time around . What DOES make this DVD worth the price of admission , though , are the extra features
 A genuinely horrifying thriller , mixed with some quirky performances -LRB- Ruth Gordon is just too wry to be genuinely scared of , and I for one was absolutely rolling when I saw Hope Summers , famous for playing goody-two-shoes Aunt Clara on the old `` Andy Griffith Show '' , saying `` Hail , Satan ! '' -RRB- . You 'd be pretty hard pressed not to also be slightly amused at Rosemary 's ignorance which prevails throughout the film until almost the very end -LRB- people dropping like flies around her and she still ca n't quite put two and two together . . -RRB- A lot of fun for a Saturday night - my only complaint is that it 's a bit too long .
 Depicting Ira Levin 's moder-day thriller novel almost word-for-word , Roman Polanski utilizes shocks and suspense in over-abundence . As an avid fan of horror movies , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is the one that scared me the most ! It 's genuinely creepy , not-so-much `` horror , '' per se , but a suspenseful shocker that will leave you disturbed for days . Featuring classic performances -LRB- it 'll be hard to look at Mia Farrow any other way after watching this -RRB- , fine direction and legitimate scares , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is a gothic masterpiece not to be missed !
 This is an example of absolute perfect filmaking . If you read the book , you will know what I mean . It is probably the most true-to-the-original screenplay ever written.Slowly building on on how the everyday things we hear and see can turn into our worst fears , this film spells horror in it 's most realistic form ... plain old paranoia . Or is it ? `` This is no dream ; this is really happening ! `` Watch it over and over again for the view of NYC mid-sixties ... the bright cheerful whites and yellows everywhere ... Christmas in the city ... and wow , can they be creepy!Amazing .
 I saw this movie for the first time more than 20 years ago and was terrified then -LRB- Ruth Gordon was especially evil in the movie and deserved the acclaim she got -RRB- . This movie is one that never gets old . Once frightening , always frightening . The thought of the Devil making a baby with someone is especially horrifying . Definitely see this with someone . Do n't see it alone .
 After having filmed two extremely challenging movies as Knife in the water and Repulsion , Rosemary 's baby was the right movie for the right director by then.Roman Polanski directed with firm hand , this demanding film about the practice of witchcraft in New York City , where a very young and happily wife , is wishful for the success of his husband as a promising actor.But on the roads , he will not hesitate to emulate the fatidic traces of Faust and will deal his success for a very committing pact with Satan.But the film goes far beyond the horrid anecdote , it explores with sarcastic gaze , the fugacious and trivial atmosphere of the mid-class in those times of febrile agitation . And of course , it was the seminal seed for `` The exorcist '' years later.A dark , somber and intense film that - despite the elapsed years - still holds its shocking dramatic structure .
 This is a horror masterpiece . I return to this movie every October . I watch it from my dark , cold , New England bedroom . On repeated viewings it 's just as scary as the first time I saw it ... over 20 years ago . Read the book as well ; it 's just as good .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a classic horror film that is a far cry from the gorefests of today . Not that I do n't love the gore , but Rosemary 's Baby scares on a psychological level . The creeps will stay with you long after the movie is over . A must see for any horror fan .
 Three years after Roman Polanski 's first English language film `` Repulsion '' delved into the dark side of apartment living in London , the director brought `` Rosemary 's Baby '' to the screen , adapted from Ira Levin 's novel of nosy neighbors and occult horror in a New York apartment house . Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse are excited about their new , spacious apartment in The Branford and unperturbed by the building 's strange history of `` unpleasant happenings '' . Rosemary -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- eagerly goes about setting up house , while Guy -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- pursues his acting career at one audition after another . The eccentric older couple in the apartment next door are a little too friendly for comfort , but , when she gets pregnant , Rosemary is grateful for their attention ... until she suspects something sinister behind it . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is so effective because the idea of an ingenuous young housewife manipulated by her imposing , worldly neighbors and selfish , insecure husband is thoroughly plausible . The film 's supernatural elements aside , Rosemary is a nice woman , looking forward to her first child , who does n't realize the danger she is in . Roman Polanski shows his skill in keeping the audience aware of the danger while making it credible that Rosemary usually is not . Ruth Gordon won an Academy Award for her role as Minnie Castevet , busybody and servant to Satan alongside husband Roman -LRB- Sidney Blackmer -RRB- . Apartment living again seems dangerous and claustrophobic as we witness the disturbing interaction of these four people on the 7th floor of The Branford , away from the hustle , bustle and light of the city streets.The DVD -LRB- Paramount 2000 -RRB-
 This is a fantastic movie . They do n't make them like this anymore.I would recommend this one for a must see !!
 Mia F.-great performance . John C.-he was ment for this role . Ruth Gordon-her performance speaks for itself . But the person who really creaped me out was Sidney Blackmer-Hi had the creepiest look with that hairline and those eyes . This guy is pretty scary and a great actor.Easily the greatest horror film ever made . IMO .
 What can I say about this movie ? No monsters , no special effects , no ghosts coming out of the walls just a plain old Biblical Nightmare!Mia Farrow is absolutely beautiful and perfect in this movie.She is deeply moving as this young wife who thinks her too `` friendly '' neighboors want her baby for sacrfice.Ruth Gordon surely deserved her Oscar after playing Minnie
 This quintessentially 1960s film should be considered director Roman Polanski 's masterwork.Rosemary -LRB- Mia Farrow in her ingenue phase -RRB- is a young wife , married to the controlling and unpleasant Guy -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- a struggling Broadway actor who , for the sake of success , gives not his soul but his wife 's body to the Devil . What Rosemary does n't know is that her neighbors are all members of a witch coven dedicated to seeing Satan 's spawn brought healthfully and happily into the world.Polanski 's genius here is that he is able to take the utterly ordinary and add to it bit by bit until the viewer is ready to shriek along with Rosemary as she discovers the true nature of her child.Even the physical setting of the film adds to the tension . Polanski filmed ROSEMARY 'S BABY in The Dakota , a fearfully gothic-style residential building on Central Park West and 72nd Street -LRB- later , sadly the site of John Lennon 's murder -RRB- . When this film was released in 1968 it was considered terrifying . Not until 1973 's THE EXORCIST was a supernatural film to have such a memorable impact on the American psyche.Ruth Gordon won an Academy Award for her portrayal of Rosemary 's busybody neighbor , who ensures that the little devil growing within her has the proper nutrients.The film is a time capsule classic of late '60s mores as well . Some of it is laughable now . People mock Rosemary 's Vidal Sassoon hairdo throughout the film ; one afternoon , Guy surprises his pregnant wife with a carton of unfiltered Pall Mall cigarettes as a gift ; he ensures that they drink fairly copious amounts of alcohol daily ; people smoke pipes and cigars around her with abandon ; and Guy shouts at Rosemary and bosses her in a way that seems absolutely insulting today , especially considering the fact that Rosemary initially has a difficult pregnancy and feels like complete hell.Enjoyable and still oddly disturbing , anyone interested in classic horror films needs to see ROSEMARY 'S BABY .
 These days , most scary movies have lots of `` surprise '' scenes in which ghouls or killers suddenly appear with some sort of weapon as shrieking music and the victim 's shrieks collide on our ears . Blood . Corpses . Mutilation . Wide-eyed girls soundlessly screaming as the killer closes in.See Rosemary 's Baby for something completely different . The way this movie was directed and filmed is masterful . The scenes look `` normal '' as another reviewer put it , but there is something slightly off about them . There is something wrong but the viewer ca n't put his/her finger on what it is . The Castevets are quite friendly , but do n't they seem a little too friendly and eager ? Maybe they 're just lonely and outgoing . You just do n't know . Is n't the doctor a little too paternal and avuncular , or is he just a really good and wise doctor ? You do n't know . Nothing is spelled out for the viewer.There is a sense of unease , a chilling sense that things are not quite right , but you ca n't figure out what . The people around Rosemary all seem warm and genuine but at the same time seem false and threatening . This is the magic of the film . Polanski sets up scene after scene where this slowly mounting unease disturbs and unsettles the viewer . This type of movie is infinitely harder to make than a slasher film where a madman bursts out of a hedge wielding a screaming chainsaw.Rosemary 's Baby is a classic , largely due to amazing direction and screenplay . No , you may not jump and scream like you do in a modern slasher flick , but I 'll bet for days after you see it you 'll still be thinking about it , creeped out , and sleeping with a light on . Great movie for an intelligent person who appreciates great directing and storytelling .
 Roman Polanski hit the mark with this classic horror movie that will keep you scare after the last scene . The camera angles adds to the suspense of what is to come and what is to follow . This is no childish scare thriller like SCREAM , this is real horror as it was meant to be . Mia playing Rosemany is superb and deserve mentioning here . This movie will make you think who your neighbors might be . Now ` exorcist ' is a scarier movie by far , but for pure ` edge on ur seat ' horror that involves the demonic , this will grab you neverheless and will warn you what can be out there in the world we live in , just like the ` exorcist ' . Beware
 Director Roman Polanski did an outstanding job of sticking to Ira Levin 's book , verbatim . You can read Levin 's book and watch the movie and get the same thing out of it , where , normally , the movie and the book greatly differ . On the Special Features part of the Commemorative Edition , Polanski explains that he wanted the ending of the movie to be ambiguous , he wanted the viewer to question whether Rosemary was the victim of post-partum depression or if she really was raped by the devil . Levin came to a clear ending in his book but you 'll have to read it to find out . Production designer , the late Richard Sylbert , said it best
 I received the DVD very quick and the DVD is in very good shape and plays well . I was very happy with the transaction .
 It was long and took a while to get to the point of the movie , but it was Very GOOD . I wish someone in 2004 would redoit though . With the special effects now it would be even better . They really could of did more w / the ending showed the whole `` baby '' .
 If you are under the age of 44 years , this movie is not for you . Rosemary 's Baby is a classic movie , no blood , no gore . It is just what horror is suppose to be , left to imagine . That 's the problem with today 's movies , there is no imagination in them . They tell you everything , without wondering what 's happening . In this movie you see Rosemary going from place to place trying to get help , because she knows that something is wrong , but does n't know what . Ruth Gordon is superb in this movie , because she acts like she cares about Rosemary 's well being , when all she really wants is to make sure that the next prince of darkness -LRB- the son of the devil -RRB- comes into this world healthy . It 's all about `` Devil Worshipers '' , taking over a young woman 's baby without her even knowing it . Just let your mind wonder and you will get it . Horrors from the 60 's are just what they are ment for the imagination , because when we were young , we did n't actually see all the killing in some movies , but we knew that somebody got killed , but did n't know how.Lolita M. Barber16 with 32 years experience
 This is about the best made horrorfilm that really must be part of aserious movie viewers collection.Each time you watch the movie , youappreciate another aspect of the moviemaking process .
 The acting is fantastic . Direction outstanding . Chilling in every sense of the word . I love this movie ! One of my top ten .
 A classic movie , still spooky after all these years . You can see the difference between good and evil through-out this film .
 I really enjoy the stly of this movie tho you never see a ghost or blood every where its still very creepy when i was a kid this movie use to creep me out :--RRB- the acting is very good one of the classic horror movies from the 70s
 Believe it or not ! I am old enough to have seen this at the theatre . I have an Ira Levin first edition of the story , too . It 's a great story , but the horror is more intense in the movie , and Rosemary is more vulnerable-less of a yuppie . And whoever thought the `` la-la-la '' score would be spooky was a smarty . And ! in the Dvd , you get to see the baby ! At the theatre , it was only a brief quicky -- you were n't sure what you saw ! Also curious , after Mia Farrow cut her hair -LCB- for role or not ? -RCB- , she was hassled by Sinatra to whom she was married . She was perfect for role , as Polanski found . I wonder if he could have done much more if he had not been hassled so much ... what did we lose ? This is one of the best horror films ever made
 Rosemary 's Baby is sheer perfection from casting to wardrobe , direction to cinematography . Plus who does n't lurve Ruth Gordon ?! This is the perfect horror film .
 Very good movie , I had not seen it sense it was released and I think it holds upvery well today ! I would recomend it .
 Actually , the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of five was that it perpetuates the myth that witches are Satan worshipers . There are Satanic witches , but they are a pretty small sub-set of all witches , and from what I can tell , do n't have a great deal of authenticity.But if you can take the story as is , the same way you did with The Exorcist , it 's a fascinating drama . You may well wonder how skinny little rosemary Woodhouse -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- could even support the weight of a child , but I 'm told such scrawny things tend to be stronger than the matchsticks they look like . -LRB- Is my fat lady bias showing ? -RRB- Anyway , Rosemary and her husband move into an old apartment building in New York City , apparently one of those that has as much history as the Dakota , which I think is where it was filmed , and where John and Yoko Lennon used to live . Their apartment was divided from what was originally one very large one , and the neighbors who live in the other half -LRB- played by Sidney Blackmer and Ruth Gordon -RRB- are gregarious and , as Rosemary puts it , nosy . They love doing things for the young couple , including some things that make Rosemary rather suspicious.Just in case there are one or two people in the world who have never seen this story before , I wo n't spoil it for you . I 've already mentioned that there are witches involved , and that 's as much as I 'm going to say . Let 's just say that my suspicions were first aroused -LRB- when I saw it in the theater all those years ago -RRB- at the New Year 's Party given by the elderly neighbors , where the toast was to `` The Year One . '' -LRB- The rest of us called it 1966 . -RRB-
 A great horror film which makes you think twice about having a baby ! . Also a great cast of actors . John Cassavetes , Mia Farrow , and Ruth Gordon who won the 1969 Best Supporting Actress Award for her part in this film . This film was made in the same apartment complex in New York where John Lennon was living at the time . Sadly , eleven years later , he was murdered in the same driveway you see in the film . A satanic film which began a string of satanism which continued into the 1970 's . Rosemary 's baby is a must for horror fans of this era.Remember , use birth control when necessary !!! .
 Roman Polanski would n't win an Oscar until over 30 years later -LRB- Best Director , ` The Pianist ' -RRB- , it was this film that skyrocketed him . That 's not to say it 's his best film or even his most popular , but it 's the film where people really started to take notice of him . Polanski directs and writes the screenplay for the horror film which stars Mia Farrow -LRB- ` The Purple Rose of Cairo ' -RRB- , John Cassavetes , and Ruth Gordon -LRB- in an Oscar winning role -RRB- among others.Farrow plays Rosemary Woodhouse , typically called Ro . Ro and her husband Guy -LRB- Cassavetes -RRB- are moving into a nice apartment in New York where Guy lives as a struggling actor . As Guy struggles to get movie roles , Rosemary befriends a young woman in the laundry room of the apartment building . The woman , a rehabilitated drug addict , says she lives with an old couple named Minnie and Roman Castevet -LRB- Gordon and Sidney Blackmer -RRB- ; A few days later , the woman has jumped from the Castevet 's window . After the tragedy , Rosemary gets to know the Castevets . While , Ro finds Minnie nosy ... Guy is smitten with them and strikes up a peculiar friendship with them . Suddenly , Guy 's rival actors are going blind leading him to get main roles and Rosemary is pregnant . I wo n't go much further than that . Polanski adapted this from the Ira Levin novel -LRB- Novel also , famously , penned `` The Stepford Wives '' -RRB- ; I 've never read the novel but based solely on this material , I realize that there were many things Polanski could 've done with the material.He could 've made it a puzzle and kept you guessing , he could 've gone for disturbing-scary by showing monsters -LRB- I do n't know if this will SPOIL anything for anybody ... It should n't affect your view of the film , but you never see the baby -RRB- . Polanski took a different route . You know what 's going on immediately and you will know what 's happening up to the final scene . Rosemary 's decision is n't the most surprising thing in the world , but it 's quite shocking ... It was probably especially shocking in 1968 . The movie has it 's flaws , it 's certainly not `` possibly the best horror film ever made '' like it 's cover boasts . But it 's got some great acting -LRB- Farrow and Gordon are priceless -RRB- , some creepy moments , and great cinematography . You can really see some innovative camera-work here too ; One scene in particular is when Minnie uses the phone , her face concealed by a door which urges you to lean to the side and get a look . Bottom line ... A mature , smart , and creepy horror film.GRADE
 This is a timeless movie that is still very effective so many years later . Just make sure you do n't watch it while you 're pregnant ! Great performances , amazing architecture and sets , just the right amount of creepy , bizarre and disturbing behavior . A classic to own .
 This `` horror flick '' is perhaps unique among the genre , because there really is no horror contained in the film . But not to worry , this is an engaging and scary movie that the whole family can enjoy . My 12 year old daughter was initially skeptical that she would like the movie , but in fact was enthralled . This is an intellectual horror film with a fascinating premise and fast-paced storyline that never loses the viewer 's interest.Cassavetes turns in a very good performance as Guy , Rosemary 's -LRB- Mia Farrow 's -RRB- husband , who cuts a Faustian deal with the devil at the expense of his wife . This is an interesting psychological thriller-chiller film that leaves a lasting impression on the viewer . Rather than grasping the viewer 's throat like most horror films , this one plays with your mind , and it is great fun.This film is a very faithful adaptation of Ira Levin 's novel of the same name , and it is good to see a film which essentially takes no liberties with a good novel . More films should take this approach.The DVD is a good crisp reproduction and is a thorougly enjoyable viewing experience . Recommended .
 This is an example of absolute perfect filmaking . If you read the book , you will know what I mean . It is probably the most true-to-the-original screenplay ever written.Slowly building on on how the everyday things we hear and see can turn into our worst fears , this film spells horror in it 's most realistic form ... plain old paranoia . Or is it ? `` This is no dream ; this is really happening ! `` Watch it over and over again for the view of NYC mid-sixties ... the bright cheerful whites and yellows everywhere ... Christmas in the city ... and wow , can they be creepy!Amazing .
 If only young hotshot directors would study this classic before undertaking their next studio-financed `` shocker , '' our culture might be richer for it . Polanski 's first film shot in America -LRB- on stages in LA and locales in NYC -RRB- continues to amuse and upset the bejesus out of me 30 years later . I watch it at least twice a year and always find a new dark chortle somewhere , usually in Ruth Gordon 's Academy Award winning performane as the next door neighbor from Hell ... literally . Yeah , drink yah tanis root , Rosemary.Ira Levin 's little gothic pop novel was good enough source material , but Polanksi brought more layers with his own phenomenological study of dreams/reality , and his knack for absurdism -LRB- no doubt cultivated from surviving his awful , murderous childhood -RRB- , along with his panache for choosing a great production designer to drape everything in cheerful yellows against browns and blacks -LRB- a psychotic color combo if there ever was one -RRB- . His pal and jazzman Kszytof Komeda weaves a beguiling score in and out of the spooky , goofy proceedings with a recurring lullaby and some 60s avant-garde jazz riffs . All of this is served up with great performances from Ruth Gordon , Cassavettes -LRB- in a spoof of the worst kind of Hollywood backstabber imaginable
 I could n't sleep last night and got up at 4 am and watched `` Rosemary 's Baby '' by myself while my boyfriend slept . I am in my early 40s and had never seen it . It truly scared the holy heck out of me . This is a story of a woman who slowly learns that something horrible has happened to her and and slowly learns that she can trust absolutely no one , and it 's done very effectively - you are constantly sliding back and forth with hope and despair for her . She can not escape , although she desperately tries . And you are right there with her , hoping it is n't true , hoping she can find a way out . It is not a bloody gorefest , and I did n't notice any special effects . It relies on good acting and EVERYONE in it is superb , especially Ms. Farrow . Her every look and movement is perfect . Ruth Gordon as the intrusive neighbor is also very good ; she is a strange mix of comedy and evil . I stopped the movie near the end at one point , where I really felt all hope was lost . My heart was pounding . I almost wanted to ask my boyfriend to not go to work and leave me by myself . Then after he left I just could n't stand not knowing how it ended , so I watched the rest of it . If I say anymore I will ruin it . Let 's just say that it is a very unforgettable movie .
 While many view the Exorcist to get chills , I turn to this film . Why ? Because when watching this movie , it almost seems possible for it to happen in real life . Crazy ? Yes , but that 's what makes Roman Polanski 's film such a masterpeice . Mia Farrow is loveable , and truely chilling in the last minutes of the film , I get chills in the last scenes every time . Halloween is a great time to enjoy this timeless thriller classic , and to have an option when every copy of Halloween and The Exorcist has been rented from every video store in town . Rosemary 's Baby remains an ice cold thriller , after more than thirty years , and that is what is truely amazing .
 In 1969 , Roman Polanski unleashed upon us one of the greatest horror films of all time . This movie is such an untouchable masterpiece that it 's hard to even wrap your brain around it . The slow-paced building of suspense makes it obvious that Polanski was inspired by Hitchcock . A very creepy experience with eerie and realistic dream sequences . A definite must-own for all horror fans and a must-see for anyone interested in film in general .
 This film gets creepier and creepier every time i watch it . The story is based around Farrow and Cassavetes characters . They 're newlyweds in search of an apartment and find one in a dream complex . From the start something about Cassavetes is off settling maybe it 's those eyes or his lips but the man aint right ! Farrow is so precious with her pixe cut and fawn like face that what happens toher is just so much more vile and disgusting . The lengths that Cassavettes character -LRB- an aspiring actor -RRB- goes to reach fame is appauling !! But in the end the music with it 's tension heightening strings at the calm moments of the film keep you at an uneasy edge of your seat weariness . When Farrow becomes pregnant in the film that scene alone will leave your eyes wide open for the rest of the film talk about a nightmare ! polanski gives the film a claustrophobic feel with an uneasy openness due to the characters playing up to Farrow 's innocent nature and keeping her at ease through out her pregnancy . But the main horror effect is the fact that nobody believes Farrow 's sitaution and as the due date grows closer the film goes into overdrive in the search for Farrow to find a believer . The final scene is one of the most terrifiying images in film history ! What you do n't see will leave your couch stained with sweat and your mind burned with a permanent image of hell !
 This movie is really freaked out . From the opening schrill notes of music to the stunning last scene , what a film ! Roman Polanski does his career masterwork with Rosemary 's Baby . Mia Farrow and John Cassavettes also turn in spectacular work . The plot is extremely creative and interesting . Farrow suspects that her husband , a struggling actor , has made a pact with the devil and joined a coven of witches led by their next door neighbors . There is very little physical violence in Rosemary 's Baby most of it is emotional , which is even crueler . As the film progresses and it becomes clear that Rosemary 's pregnancy is anything but normal , Rosemary 's sanity becomes the focus of the film . Is she going mad or is there a very real plot against her ? The answer will shock you . This is a very disturbing film that is built up beautifully in terms of plot , as the film clocks in at over 2 hours . The final scene in the film is so understated that it takes one a few moments to understand what has occurred and why . Overall , this is superbly acted and directed fare that has become a classic of the horror genre .
 This is an example of absolute perfect filmaking . If you read the book , you will know what I mean . It is probably the most true-to-the-original screenplay ever written.Slowly building on on how the everyday things we hear and see can turn into our worst fears , this film spells horror in it 's most realistic form ... plain old paranoia . Or is it ? `` This is no dream ; this is really happening ! `` Watch it over and over again for the view of NYC mid-sixties ... the bright cheerful whites and yellows everywhere ... Christmas in the city ... and wow , can they be creepy!Amazing .
 Who could not like Polanski ? I actually saw this for the first time when I was younger , 14 or 15 I guess , at my grandmother 's house , and it really scard the hell out of me.Since then , I 've become more of a cinefile - and a Polanksi fan -LRB- check out WHAT ? if you have n't seen it yet -RRB- - so re-viewing this after so many years was fun.It 's funny , everyone yaks and yaks about what a great director Polanski is - me included - but watching his moives you realize he 's all about simplicity and minimalism . Long takes , good framing . He 's not flashy or obvious like Scorsese or other more `` visual '' directors , but he 's great.For instance , the dream sequence in this movie has got to be one of the most accurate dream sequences ever shot . It 's so random and stream of conciousness and so LIKE a dream , it 's great.The movie does drag a little I think , but it 's not so bad . And man , Mia Farrow used to be ... HOT . Whew ! She was stunning . Made me want to go back in time ... And who ca n't love the ending to this movie . It may be one of the best uses of music in a movie too . Just great . And some of the dialogue must 've been shocking for the time.So yeah , check it out , enjoy.B , B +
 i am still haunted by this film and i swear i will never watch another horror film as long as i 'm alive in the dark . THIS early roman polanski chiller proved to be everything i had been told through the years and i should 've known to first watch this in broad daylight . now as i go to sleep , i almost afraid to shut out the lights . there is still a bathroom light on in the hallway as i 'm writing this . what gave this film the ultimate thrill was it 's complete exercise in paranoia which many women could relate to while they are expecting . the film also taps into mortal fears of the unknown or the things which we have no control over . some of the other elements which one might find entertaining here are the costumes and styles of the mid-sixties and this film could serve as a great milestone for what we remember so well in this time period . in addition to all these goodies , we have memorable performances by all which could n't easily be forgotten . the film weaves a suspenseful tale which may be in fact a variation of faust and will haunt us long after the credits have rolled off the screen . after awhile , you too may have to stop and ask yourself what happened to rosemary and her baby after all this . i wo n't tell . unpleasant dreams , my faithful viewers .
 It 's one of those movies which is scary , but not really scary . It 's more like ... creepy . You start to feel like the main character because you know a little more than her when it comes to what 's going on . There are clues here and there , certain looks characters give each other , and it just unravels slowly . If I had to be critical about anything , i guess it would have to be the end , because I wish there was more , but maybe i just wanted it to go on and on . I also recommend the book by Ira Levin , which is very similar to the movie ... so if you are more into reading , or you do n't like scary movies . . try the book !
 There 's nothing more I can say about this movie . I fell in love with it the first time I saw it when I was about 15 or so . There 's nothing better in my mind than a cult movie . For Polanski to have wrote this is sheer genius in my opinion . To bring the hidden side of life out and to expose it for what everyone thinks it is is one thing but to bring it out in such a way to make you think about it is another .
 you 've all said everything , so i 'll just add a few nerdy things about a movie that is that rarest cinematic thing
 Rosemary 's baby is a classic . Scary movies dont get much better than this . There isnt any gore or blood that make it scary its just scary watching rosemary 's psychological torture being pregnant and not knowing who to trust . Watch this movie you wont regret it !!!
 It is impossible to sum up everything that is wonderful about Rosemary 's Baby in a simple review . One could study this film for several lifetimes and still not have covered even half of it.This is one of those films that one can view again and again , without it ever becoming boring . Something new is noticed with each viewing - a piece of symbolism in one of the haunting dream sequences perhaps , or a vocal intonation from one of the characters , the list goes on and on.To finally own this movie on DVD is what many film lovers have been waiting for . It would have been nice had Roman Polanski actually recorded the proposed commentary track , and it would have been wonderful had Paramount been bothered to find the trailer , but I wo n't complain
 Seen it 40 times . This movie is perfect . It is astonishing that it was made so long ago.The entire movie is a buildup to the final sequence where she accepts the child . Though shocking , we realize it 's not the least bit of a surprise - given her devotion to what she carried for so many months.Best line
 All things considered , Satan may be Polanski 's finest character . Even though his appearance here is brief , it is very memorable . I ca n't wait for `` The Ninth Gate '' . Oh , by the way , this is a very good film . It makes me happy that movies exist . In the wake of so many lousy horror films it is nice to see one that works on every level .
 This is a horror classic . It 's worth all the hype and still stands the test of time . This is a thinking-person 's horror movie . It 's very frighening in an intellectual way but it 's still a good all-around scare . I like the occassional in-your-face horror flick but this is not one of those . Still , if you watch closely , it 's horribly frightening and some scenes stay with you for days . Slasher-flick fans be both warned and informed - this is not that kind of horror film but it 's still well worth your time to check out.One of the great things about this film is the acting and the hidden , silent horrors . It was pure genius to start this film out like a sweet little love story between an ideal couple starting out in life together and then ending it gradually into total terror , with a supporting cast that goes from funny , to quirky , and then just plain evil .
 hailed by most critics as one of the best horror movies ever made , rosemary 's baby brings a blend of great acting and super scary scenes that i would have to agree with the critics . the story tells of rosemary and her husband who have just moved into a new apartment . both are ready to start a family and have a wonderful life . they then meet there next door neighboors , the castevets -LRB- ruth gordon in her oscar winning role -RRB- it is then reveiled there neighboors are satanic worhipers and that the husband has made a deal with the devil that in exchange for a successful career , has his wife impreginated with the son of the devil . the film has this real clastrophobic mode were you just cant trust anyone and no matter who rosemary turns to she finds out there one of them . the scariest scene in the film is when rosemary is raped by the devil and its all done in shadow and you dont really know whats happening until its to late . the film also manages to turn one of the happiest things a couple could have into a horrible nightmare also the music is so unsettling . a true horror film , a must for your collection .
 Rosemary 's Baby is the type of movie that I knew I was going to love before I watched it . The story idea was refreshing ... at least it was back in the late 1960 's before the copy cats had started . The book was fantastic . Though I knew what was ultimately going to `` happen '' at the end of the movie -LRB- more or less -RRB- it was still an exciting trip the movie takes us on while getting there.In many ways the characters are people we can relate to . That is most of us can find at least one character in the movie that we can empathize with and we know people in our lives that remind us of the other characters . It is a long movie , but none of the time is wasted . It is a movie which if you watch it several times you will pick up something new from it each time.I wo n't go over the plot details since so many people do that so well . I will just point out that the imagery during parts of the movie -LRB- especially the conception of the child -RRB- is masterfully done . The writing , acting , and directing are all excellent.One great thing about the movie is that it separates itself from many modern horror films in that it does n't use gore or explosions to make its points . So teenagers -LRB- or adults with the attention span of teenagers -RRB- will probably be bored with this movie . But for refined movie viewers there will be few dissapointments in this movie . It is definately worth buying .
 I really love this movie . In my opinion , it 's the second best horror film ever made -LRB- closely following Stanley Kubrick 's brilliant ` The Shining ' -RRB- , but there is one thing I simply can not understand.Not only do several of the customer reviews give away the ending of this film , but the official Amazon.com review does as well . I 'm not going to say what these reviews give away , because I do n't want to add to the problem , but trust me , much more is revealed than should be . Some famous person once said that you should go into this story -LRB- and any Ira Levin story -RRB- knowing as little as possible about it . I can attest to this . When I first saw this movie , all I knew about it was that it was a horror film by Roman Polanski , and I 'm glad of it . By the end , I was as freaked out and paranoied as the heroine , much more than I would have been had I known the the plot twist that occurs , literally , in the last scene of the film , but which the Amazon official people seem to think necessary information prior to viewing . Anyway , my advice is this
 Devil-possesion and Devil-offspring movies where popular in the 70 's with the Omen and the Exorcist , but this one beat them to the punch years before . Rosemary 's Baby tells the story of a young couple enveloped in a web of dark occultism , betrayal and secret agendas . Its one of the best films to use an extreme sense of paranoia and the horrible feeling that there is no one you can turn to for help.Probably more frightening than the Devil 's supernatural evil in this film are the people who are willing to do anything in the service of supernatural evil . It becomes more apparent as time goes on that Rosemary 's husband is nothing more than an arrogant selfish slimeball who is willing to do anything-including getting his wife knocked up by the man downstairs-to further his career . The fact that he is the person such an innocent sweet girl like Rosemary should trust the most , but ca n't , is very disturbing . The Casavets and members of their Coven are also unsettling . These are not cadaverous cultists walking around in black robes . Rather , they are jubulant and sweet elderly scholars and silly cookie-baking old ladies with Brooklyn accents . But in reality , they are despicable evil wretches who are willing to do anything from murder to the use of babies in bloodrights to appease their dark master . While watching the film I was hoping for a character to ask Roman and the others why such cultured gentlemen and women would want to worship the most terrible of evil forces and help sire the end of humanity.Do yourself a favor and check out this horror classic from the amazing Roman Polanski .
 Rosemary 's Baby is the ultimate tale of gothic horror , of psychological terror of the highest order , and of a young woman who is exploited and sacrificed to the ambition of a husband who literally makes a deal with the devil.Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse are a young , newly-married couple who rent an apartment in a sprawling gothic complex in New York City known as the Bramford . Despite warnings from their friend Hutch that the Bramford has a reputation as being a gathering spot for witches and Satan worshippers , the Woodhouses enthusiastically take up residence in the building . They are both optimistic over the move , especially Guy , a struggling actor who likes the idea of living at the Bramford because of its close proximity to the theaters . Soon after they move in , they are befriended by their neighbors , an eccentric elderly couple named Roman and Minnie Castavet , who suddenly become overly solicitous towards Rosemary and Guy and before long entrench themselves in the young couple 's lives.Other things happen , too
 This film does n't really seem to fit in one genre . Some call it a suspense film , others say it 's horror . No doubt , this film is in a class of it 's own , as is the film 's director.In this movie , a young couple by the name of Rosemary and Guy move into an apartment in New York . Rosemary is a housewife , Guy is an aspiring actor . The apartment they move into was owned by a woman who died in mysterious circumstances , the next door neighbours are an elderly couple named Roman and Minnie.When the young woman living with them dies from an apparent suicide , Rosemary reaches out to them , and they accpet her friendship with a lot more than just open arms.Rosemary falls pregnant , but instead of being a joyous occasion , bizarre and deadly events begin to happen all around Rosemary . And it all seems to revolve around her unborn child , she soon becomes convinced that the couple next door belong to a coven and that they want her baby for their own evil purposes . But with no friends , and nobody to believe her Rosemary begins to fight against the conspiracy , believing that her own husband is involved too.This has all of the trademark Polanski things
 It 's true that some people do not get this movie . Those who were raised on the `` Jason '' movies , and other such movies , are going to be inclined to find this movie utterly uninteresting . The reason is that while most modern horror films such as the `` Jason '' flicks rely on gore and people popping out of closets , Roman Polanski 's classic movie , `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' relys , in essence , on innate maternal paranoia.Polanski slowly -LRB- but masterfully , I assure you -RRB- builds a sinister , haunting , but not obvious tone . What I mean by that is this . The movie feels real . It was made in the late '60s , sure , so us younger folk wo n't be able to relate quite as much , but the movie is authentic . The characters do n't feel like they 're reciting a book of poetry they read earlier in the evening . Rosemary -LRB- played awesomely by Mia Farrow -RRB- and Guy Woodhouse seem just like an ordinary couple in the early stages of their relationship . The two love-birds happen to be planning to have a baby . And that kid is , essentially , what stirs up so much darned creepiness . From the sympathy we all want to feel for Rosemary -LRB- and as an extension , of course , her kid -RRB- to those primal , eternally disturbing words at the end of the movie by Rosemary relating to the child 's eyes . At first we want to find out that we have simply been led on , and there is absolutely nothing wrong . And then we want to think that Rosemary has simply gone insane . That 's what we want . That 's what we hope . But -LRB- and perhaps not -RRB- it seems we do n't get what we hope for . The dreaded happens , and we will never forget it.This movie is horrific in the best sense . If you 're a fan of horror flicks -LRB- or film in general -RRB- watch this movie , please . This is , in my opinion , the best horror film ever . It 's better , dare I say it , than a certain other classic horror movie . -LRB- You know which one I 'm talking about . -RRB- And that 's saying quite a bit . Hail , Polanski !
 My official list of the greatest top 10 horror movies of all time would have to include `` Rosemary 's Baby '' . Mia Farrow makes an adorable Rosemary ; so sweet , innocent , vulnerable and waiflike that we develop a true fondness for her.Nothing bad should happen to someone so nice . She become pregnant after a strange dream of being rapted by something inhuman . Then her husband becomes distant , her neighbors become increasingly sinister , and she developes this strange pain in her stomach . To tell you anymore would be an injustice . Watch it and find out for yourself . However , do n't be looking for things to jump out at you or lots of gore . This is a horror film that relies on the lack of such things for effect . The horror creeps up on us and poor Rosemary while the rooms are bright and New York city bustles around outside the window of her apartment . It 's hard to believe something so unspeakable is happening in such a seemingly normal world . It 's that `` oh my god I ca n't believe this is really happening to me and there is no one who can help me '' type of horror movie . I 'm not saying any more becuase I do n't want to spoil anything for the first time viewer . For those of you who know the story and look at it again , there are plenty of details that make it more interesting . For example , notice the month and year the baby is born .
 The Evil in Roman Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby is camouflaged . We never actually see it , we just come to realize it lurks beneath the surfaces . It 's in the shadows , it hides in the dark , it 's behind innocent gestures , smiles , handshakes and neighborly acts of supposed kindness.It 's called the horror film without any horror . Because the horror is within - it 's paranoia.The way the film once worked , was in how the suspicions and paranoia grow as we meet the various characters . We wonder what some of the characters are up to , and then when Rosemary begins to decide that everyone around her is a member of a satanic cult , we believe Rosemary may going insane.The film is too famous and too well known for it to work as it once did . You have to pretend you do n't know where it will end up . You have to forget about films like The Exorcist , or The Omen . In a horror film arena where some of the subtle techniques established by Polanski , Hitchcock , and -LRB- Michael -RRB- Powell have been reinvented by Argento , Carpenter , Craven , Cronenburg , and then over exaggerated and turned into a Grand Guignoll circus by special effects wizards like Tom Savinni and lately by computer generated shock effects , it 's not easy for a fairly subtle , slowly paced film , to even get the chance of getting under-neath a younger film watcher 's skin.Rosemary is a very adult film . It wo n't play at all to a younger audience who craves gore from a horror film , as much as it craves bigger and bigger explosions from action films . A couple of no effect fist fights will hardly do in an action film , and unfortunately some growing psychological and psycho-sexual horror will hardly do for a horror film unless it leads to a spectacular climax . There is nothing over-the top in Rosemary 's Baby.The use of music and sound , of light , of camera lenses , of framing and of angles is Polanski at his best . He makes the normal ominous , not by trickery , but by knowing we have expectations , and turning those expectations upside down and inside out . He 's not doing this with musical cues or elaborate tracking shots , or use of lots of dry ice . He does it with a minimum of trickery . Well actually with very very subtle trickery . The right camera lense adds just the right amount of distortion , or focus to a frame to accomplish what Polanski is after . Paranoia.We are set up from the very beginning of this quietly manipulative film . The pink credits , the quite lullabye where they lyrics consists of a breathy la la la la , as we get an elaborately conceived series of shots establishing the gothic apartment building most of the film will take place in . It 's called the Bramford in the film . It 's the Dakota in real life . John Lennon was shot and killed here in 1980 . Into the courtyard of this surprisingly large labrynthian structure walks a young couple , Rosemary -LRB- Mia Farrow - who was well known only from t.v. 's Peyton Place and from her controversial marriage to a much older Frank Sinatra -RRB- and John Cassevettes -LRB- - an up and coming STUDIO New York Actor and independent film-maker
 The terrifying part of this movie for me was my expectations of being shocked . There was little if any gratuitous horror , making the suspense delicious and demanding my attention for the entire film . Surreal colors , and Mia Farrow was superb not only in her acting but the make-up and her appearance subtly and believeably changed.I love movies set in cities where I live , almost as much as seeing actors in early roles . Charles Grodin as the Doctor , along with the guy that played Dr. Zaius in the original Planet of the Apes and the other Duke brother from Trading Places . Great Film .
 Roman Polanski 's 1968 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' was his first American film debut . He had already directed a film based on another book by Ira Levin that starred French actress Catherine Deneuve . Ira Levin 's novel was a best selling work of horror in the late sixties . The film , for the most part , is true to the book and it 's very likely fans of Ira Levin 's novel were satisfied with the film adaptation . Roman Polanski , Polish-born , was the right director for the film . His life story is tinged with loss and sorrow that could easily translate into cinema with biting cynicism and horror . A young Mia Farrow who might have been appearing in her film debut , plays the title heroine Rosemary Woodhouse and John Cassavetes plays her husband Guy Woodhouse . On DVD , this film , which may appear dated and even old fashioned to many modern horror fans , appears appropriately chilling and eerie , especially for its use of subtlety which is lost in the wake of today 's horror . The musical score is jazz-like but dramatic and scary . The New York City atmosphere , the 60 's milieu and the credible and convincing performances by all the actors makes this novel extremely haunting and intense , even if there is no blood or gore . The real meat of this film is that the horror is invisible , it 's simply there , acting as normally as the normal-behaving people . The most profound fears of human imagination , the Devil , is a danger and horror not outside but inside - as close to home as possible - inside Rosemary 's womb . The ending seems to be also the climax . Rosemary finally realizes that the baby she gave birth to is the son of Satan , the Anti-Christ and though she is horrified , her mother 's love and the experience of having carried him through pregnancy , in short , her maternal instincts , is to care for the child after all . She rocks the black cradle over which an upside crucifix hangs and decides to `` mother '' the monster.Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse move into an old apartment complex in New York City -LRB- the location was shot in the same area where John Lennon was shot and killed . The owners of the apartment are an elderly couple who give off eccentric vibes . A young woman who was living in the apartment commits suicide by throwing herself out the window -LRB- she had been the first woman the Satanic couple wanted to give birth to the Devi 's baby -RRB- . The old apartment has been the sight of many frightening going-ons , including murders and satanic rituals . The old couple decide they want Rosemary to have the Devil 's child . They make a deal with Guy , who aspires to be a famous and wealthy actor . Guy will have his fame and fortune but in return his wife Rosemary must have the Devil 's child . After being drugged by a dessert , Rosemary falls into a comma-like sleep in which she dreams she is on a boat with leisurely passangers , including John F. Kennedy and Jackie Kennedy , the Presidential couple . With her being numb , she is unaware that the evil couple have conjured up Satan to impregnate her . Later , when she is pregnant , she is given strange concoctions to make sure the baby will be born healthily and she is taken to a doctor who also happens to be in on the cult . Rosemary is pale and anorexic-looking and realizes something is wrong.The pregnancy is the slow build up to the dark finale . Rosemary has not quite grasped the true situation . Also , through the dialogue and the behavior of the people around her , the film seems to want to trick you into thinking that Rosemary is merely hysterical and imagining things as a result of a complicated pregnancy . But we know well that she is not . Finally , she does become aware that the neighboors are witches and devil worshippers and that she and her baby are in danger , thanks mostly in part by a book and anagram puzzle that a friend provided after his death . Although she tries to escape , she is trapped in the apartment and gives birth to the baby with the assistance of the witches . She is frightened in the finale to realize that she has indeed delivered the Anti-Christ into the world.For Roman Polanski , this 1968 film proved to be ironically true . About a year later , his wife Sharon Tate was brutally killed . Sharon Tate was pregnant with Polanki 's baby at the time . The Marilyn Manson cult seem to parallel the coven in the movie . Roman Polanski 's parents had also died in Nazi concentration camps . This film seemed suited for him to direct because of it 's dark message - that evil is triumphant and that God is dead , the very essence of fear . It is a film that tame as it is , can really scare you and get under you 're skin . This haunting film inspired other cinematic horror legends which would become famous in the next decade of the 70 's - The Exorcist and the Omen Series . The film won best screenplay adaptation from a novel and Ruth Gordon as Best Supporting Actress .
 With all-star-performances from Mia , Ruth Gordon , Sidney Blackmer and John Cassavetes , Polish-director Roman Polanski offers his BEST film ... . The seduction-scenes with the Devil - and Rosemary ` s nightmares were based on LSD-trips and discussions between Roman and his wife , Sharon Tate . Sharon can be seen briefly in the `` making of '' and supposedly as an extra when Rosemary is having a party . The film is still disturbing and watchable . Rosemary ` s humming is indeed by Mia Farrow .
 The cast of Rosemary 's Baby really help bring the wonderful characters of the novel to life . Mia Farrow is perfectly cast as Rosemary , as is John Cassevetes as her husband Guy . I could not imagine anyone other than Ruth Gordon playing Minnie Castevet , the annoying neighbor with a dark secret . Sidney Blackmer as her husband is truly memorable . The supporting cast is equally terrific and the story is suspenseful and chilling , brilliantly written for the screen by Roman Polanski . I have not seen a more faithful adaptation of a novel yet , and it works wonderfully , conveying Rosemary 's turmoil and madness effectively . Mia Farrow plays her to perfection , vulnerable yet brave . The ending is truly memorable and creepy . I just wish the tone of the film was darker , but perhaps the subject matter was controversial enough in 1968 . Perhaps a darker remake is in order ? That would be great !
 Not the scariest horror movie , -LRB- that title goes to The Exorcist -RRB- but the best horror movie . It 's so well made , it 's incredible !!! I wish that it could have been the scariest as well , but sadly it was n't , but it is still a very scary movie . The Exorcist and The Omen are better though . This is n't for people who are easily scared -LRB- a.k.a. Scream Fans -RRB- This is for thinking people that really get into movies . I 'm not easily scared , but this movie really scared me alot ! If you liked this , I suggest also renting or buying The Omen and The Exorcist . They are scarier , but this one is right up there with them .
 I first saw Rosemary 's baby in 1995 , and I was not dissapointed . Those who like the modern `` Jason '' movies will not be impressed . To state it more generally , it is a deep movie for intelligent deep thinkers.The plot builds as does the suspense . If you know the ending , but have not seen the movie , it is still worth the time . I enjoy watching it over and over again . It is a true classic .
 Well close to it , this is what DVD should be about . Good and interesting extras -LRB- not just the movie , you can get that on VHS -RRB- . On this one you actually get to see the beautiful Sharon Tate , she also had a very , very small cameo in the movie -LRB- do n't blink -RRB- . Since Paramount released this with the necessary extras to a successful DVD why did n't they do it with Ordinary People . I will not buy it and nor will anyone I know until justice is done .
 but the one thing that i didnt exepted is the end of the movie i didnt exept it like that , it wasnt on my mind i was thinking that something terrible will happening when i saw the movie at the first but i cant tell it ` s a bad ! it ` s not couse it is an old movie you exept any thing couse its old but at the end it is a classic movie i cant say it ` s horror half by half
 Ok , this movie scared my older brother ... that NEVER happens !!! I 'm an easier scare but I did n't think it was as scary as Exorcist -LRB- my brother did though ... shows you how people can be scared by different stuff ... maybe he 's worried that he might actually be a girl like I always tell him and that he might actually run across this problem ... HA HA !! -RRB- Well , the movie is scary but the story is weirder than I 'm used to.Being a guy , I do n't know how another guy could ever sacrifice a girl he loves for career advancement ... unless she 's a big punk ... HA ... -LRB- joke , I would n't ever go near this guy 's choice no matter how hard up I was -RRB- . The blonde girl in it is pretty hot and she loses her clothes on a ship so that 's pretty cool -LRB- ok , I know I 'm going to get a lot of unhelpful review clicks for that one ... I 'M A GUY , WHAT DO YOU EXPECT ??? How many guys do you know that would n't be happily surprised with that part ... although Satan messed that scene up pretty quick , the punk ... -RRB- This movie is way too messed up for someone my age , our parents accidentally left it out , not their fault . We found it and liked the cover . I suggest fast forwarding the movie till the naked scene , watch it , then stop it when you see Satan . Unless you actually want to get scared , then watch the whole thing .
 Mr Evans hit the jackpot when he asked Mr Polanski if he would direct Mr Levin 's novel . A 20th century master , Mr Polanski brings his touch to every aspect of the film so that the look of the elevator attendant -LRB- who turns out to be her helmsman in the dream sequence on the river Styx in hades perhaps ? -RRB- or the tradesman , when the Woodhouses are inspecting their new apartment , or the unfinished note of the former 89 year old tenant which reads `` I can no longer associate myself ... '' help to unsettle the viewer . Equally helpful is the striking physical vulnerability of Ms Farrow . Sound too is incredibly powerful - Mr Kosteda 's music from the mysterious lullaby which opens and closes the film to the shattering discordant atonal trumpet which accompanies Ms Farrow 's ascent in the elevator fleeing the Satanists is strikingly effective . Mr Polanski 's ability to transform the loving older actor Ms Ruth Gordon into a character one is fearful of shows his skills most tellingly - such as her striking costumes , including a monstrous blue and white head scarf which in its ballooning size dominates the screen at one point . Where you see lots of colour and jolly talk in this film , be afraid . An unquestionable masterpiece with interesting interviews with Mr Polanski and set designer and producer in the support material .
 The film adaptation is quite good but not as good as the original novel . Polanski is in his usual spooky form with his direction and Ruth Gordon shines in her role . And what can be said about Mia Farrow that has n't already been said . Mia Farrow , narrow as an arrow ! Flat as a pancake is a bit better
 I remember I was 11 years old and Mom and I were spending the summer vacation in Canada with my aunt and uncle . They were playing a riviting game of dominos one night , and I said it was getting boring . So Mom told me to go down to the basement and watch the T.v. I was just heading down the stairs when she called behind me , `` But do n't watch Rosemary 's Baby , because that 's scary ! `` I , being 11 , went and watched it . I mean let 's face it what kid would n't watch it if their mother said not to?Rosemary 's Baby was and still is a great and scary movie . When most people hear the words ` scary movie ' they probably think of a psycho killer cutting up teenagers . But is that really what make a film scary ? No . I think what 's scary is a movie that can get under your skin , send chills up your spine and really makes you think.And that coming from me is really something , because I am the sort of person who stays up really late watching the low budget gore movies and the teen slashers . I love gore , but it does n't make a movie scary , because disgusting and scary are not the same thing . The terrifying subtleties laced throughout Rosemary 's Baby are very affective . It 's a psychilogical journey of one woman as she learns that everyone she though she knew is plotting against her ... The direction has that ability to pull the audience into Rosemary 's world , and make them experience her terror . With less talented actors that would n't have worked.I still remember it even years after I saw it , because I have n't seen it sence . And I remember being scared . Although I think because this movie has adult themes that it will be more affective on a grown-up audience.I 'm going to get this , and if you 're thinking about it I can not recomend it enough . Because anyone who really likes horror movies should be able to reconise this as a classic that can still frighten us even in this modern society . Five stars .
 Young couple becomes pregnant with the child of the devil and the mother 's friends and neighbors try to cover it up . While some might say this is boring , it 's really interesting and spellbinding . Got ta love that ending . Popcorn , Pepsi and Pizza .
 I saw this movie over a dozen times & enjoy it everytime . Some viewers confuse this movie as a HORROR movie , & they expect to see blood & massacre on screen . But this is certainly not Polanski style . This one keeps you in suspense until the end of the movie . If you have read the book , you appreciate how Polanski directed the movie true to the essence of the novel . The dream sequence is exactly how IRA LEVIN wrote in his book & Polanski did a good job . There are too many young audiences nowadays only look for ` blood & terror ' in movies & do n't appreciate such a fine film . They better off just watch the cheap flicks ...
 but what kind would that exactly be ? Horror , obviously , but amazing that no one has mentioned how well Roman Polanski mixes his urban horror with such brilliant ironic humor . A gleeful sadist , he seems to relish identifying true evil and still defy it , mock it , revel in it . This is far from a `` straight '' horror movie . If you watch it expecting to be scared out of your wits , you 'll be disappointed -LRB- though there are some rather creepy parts -RRB- . The pacing is excellent -- it lets you get to know the characters , the dialogue is clever , the characterizations of all the leads is pitch-perfect ... The best part -LRB- and the necessity of the length of the movie -RRB- , is that Rosemary only gradually over time realizes what is happening to her
 The perfect horror film for late night addicts ! Really suspenseful and scary . I love Mia Farrow . If only she had n't cut her hair !!! A must see !
 This is one of the greatest horror films EVER . This one makes nearly every list when one is done but obviously would not appeal to certain people who need a slasher type story and action to be able to keep seated . Over 30 years later and this is awesome . One problem . As with other classic films the video does a great disservice , with dull and dark picture and obvious screen being chopped at the sides . Note to Paramount . Please do a DVD with cleaned up picture and with some of the very notable facts about this film included as one of the DVD features . Although a great film I will wait till I buy it until DVD !!!
 This is the best thriller film I had watched . Amazing history , fantastic cast . Polanski is a genius and proved it . Dakota Building is a great scenario . The Rosemary 's Baby just is the best ...
 Although many would include this movie in the horror category , I would say it is more like a thriller sprinkled by actual and everyday events that could be a real story . I have seen it at least 70 times and up to this day I am still surprised by its great plot and so much talent delivered by the cast.Two thumbs up for Ruth Gordon !
 ... that the movie viewer 's imagination is much more effective and frightening than any multi-million dollar computer-generated special effect .
 After I finished watching this movie , I rewound it and watched it again . The movie , all though long -LRB- 134 mins . -RRB- , kept my attention the entire time . The casting is perfect . Mia Farrow was excellent as the naive Rosemary . For anyone who loves horror movies , but does n't need to see people being hacked up in every scene , this movie is for you . This classic immediately became my favorite movie of all time . I liked it so much I bought my own copy ! I 've seen it , and I 'm not kidding , at least 50 times !
 This is one of my favorite films . Aside from its success as a film , how can you beat all the awesome '60s style -LRB- pulled off beautifully by Mia Farrow -RRB- ? Just a superb combination of visuals and music . Utterly convincing . For anyone who liked this , I recommend `` Jacob 's Ladder '' and `` Silence of the Lambs '' . And for Ruth Gordon fans , `` Harold and Maude '' -- the best love story !
 When I finished watching the DVD , I knew . I knew this was the greatest horror film out there - I have seen many - and I knew it would probably be the best horror film ever made . That 's right - ever.Polanski 's visionary work will have you in suspense from the beginning of the film . Its tremendous reputation aside , the cinematography , timing , acting , and music come together in a terrifying way . The film conveys the magical realism and suspension of disbelief in Ira Levin 's book
 I absolutely love this movie . From beginning to end you ca n't look away . It starts off sweet and as it moves along it gets creepier and scarier . Poor Rosemary . Definetely a must see for horror movie fans .
 Where do I start ? Maybe I 'll just keep it short and sweet . If you like classic horror , you will not be disappointed . This film delivers , in spades . It posesses the very essence of subtle -- yet extremely effective -- psychological suspense , building slowly to a horrifying climax that is terrifying precisely because of what you DO N'T see on the screen . The acting is superb , the script is tight , and Polanski 's direction is flawless.If you are used to seeing horror films with gore , nudity , explosions , a stupid-looking monster , and high body counts , then you will probably think this movie is boring . That makes you an imbecile . Why are you even reading this review ? You should be picking your zits and renting some cheesy teen `` horror '' crap starring Jennifer Love Hewitt . But if you are trying to turn over a new leaf and experience terror in a whole new way , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' will knock your socks off .
 roman polanski firmly established himself among american audiences when he took ira levins fine potboiler into a different stratum . of course the movie has taken on an eerily prescient nature what with the events of polanskis life shortly afterwards -LRB- and id love to see it with its bookmark , the 1971 `` macbeth '' -- sadly not on dvd -RRB- . but this was the best -LRB- maybe the ONLY good -RRB- performance mia farrow ever gave , and theres a ton of great supporting work , most notably by ruth gordon who turned this oscar winning role into a late career surge . thankfully censorious rules restrained what a few years later might well have given way to excesses . this movie captures 1968 new york city in a manner few others do .
 It 's hard to believe Rosemary 's Baby was filmed almost 40 years ago . I 've seen it more times than I can count , and each time I watch it I see something new . Roman Polanski put his heart and soul into every frame of this movie , and all his hard work shows.I love the look of the movie -- the elegant but delapidated Bramford/Dakota with its gothic gargoyles , the Woodhouse apartment with its midcentury modern furniture and sunny yellow color scheme , Mia Farrow 's preppie wardrobe of shifts and miniskirts , the outdoor shots of 60 's New York.The casting was great . Mia Farrow was a sweet , vulnerable and increasingly disturbed Rosemary . Ruth Gordon and Sidney Blackmer were perfectly cast as the mismatched Castavets -- she coarse , nosey , and over the top ; he distinguished and in control . Even the most minor characters Hope Summers -LRB- Clara on Andy Griffith -RRB- , Andrea Dorian -LRB- a former Playmate of the Year -RRB- , Tony Curtis -LRB- playing the voice of Donald Baumgart -RRB- were absolutely right.However , I wish Guy Woodhouse had been played by a different actor . Jack Nicholson and Robert Redford were both considered for the part . I 'm not sure they 'd be the best choice , but John Casavettes was n't either .
 The first thing that struck me about this movie was its level of class
 This movie is a classic . Well done and way better than its new version 12/12/12 which is really a bad movie .
 I used this film for my final in Film last semester and loved it . The movie is good . The terms that I was studying fit well with this film . Its a good watch .
 One of my favorite horror films , this one had my skin crawling . Beautifully real and subtly terrifying . Watch it and love it .
 Have n't seen this movie since it was first released in the 60 's -LRB- I think -RRB- and it still scared me . Do n't think I will watch it again anytime soon !
 This movie is a masterpiece of terror & suspence & Beautifully filmed & acted.Comparisons to reality are not `` allowed '' when reviewing films of this caliber . Your reaction -LRB- though it MAY be sarcastic -RRB- is EXACT proof of it 's genius ! Watch it again ... and this time ... bask in all it 's glory !
 This movie is by far the best movie ever made . I have seen it endless times ; all the acting is superb ; the storyline is great ; Ruth Gordon was the most amazing actress that ever lived ! Just one of the movies that creeps up on you and really those movies where everything seems pretty okay and then gets stranger and creepier are by far scarier than just a stupid slasher film . This is true horror with intelligence . And when you watch this movie you can be sure you will forget it is n't really happening !
 Rosemary 's Baby has always been one of my favorite movies . Roman Polanski directs this film fabulously and Mia Farrow is utterly believable in this tale of horror . It 's enjoyable because it 's not gory yet the concept of unknowingly carrying Satan 's child is frightful . I do n't want to give away any spoilers ; you have to watch it for yourself ! Great movie for Halloween or any rainy day .
 So my best Ammy buddy MKIA just posted a review for this very film -LRB- and he only gave it three stars AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH -RRB- and so it got me thinking about the controversial nature of film and the fact that , as I 've mentioned in previous reviews , the media does seem to paint a picture of greatness behind certain films deemed classics , which can serve as a disservice in the end . Yes , when a film becomes so widely lauded that the individual sitting down for the first time is already guarantied he 's going to love it , you can only walk away with an unsatisfied taste in your mouth.I just think about my personal feelings towards films like ` GoodFellas ' , ` 2001
 Executive Producer Bob Evans ' brought ROSEMARY 'S BABY to PARAMOUNT at exactly the right moment . This box office smash rescued the nearly bankrupt company from oblivion . With Evans now at the helm , PARAMOUNT led what in retrospect has been called `` Hollywood 's second Golden Age . `` As directed by Roman Polanski , this remains one of the finest motion pictures of its kind.SYNOPSIS -- Rosemary Woodhouse is betrayed by a desperate-for-success husband , impregnated by Old Nick himself -LRB- although she believes it 's a dream -RRB- and watched over carefully during gestation by an eccentric witch who sickens her with disgusting herb potions . Once Rosemary understands what 's happening , she ca n't get any outside help . It 's the most frightening story without blood , gore and special effects that you 'll ever see . Highest recommendation!Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 8.1 -RRB- Rosemary 's Baby -LRB- 1968 -RRB- - Mia Farrow/John Cassavettes/Ruth Gordon/Sidney Blackmer/Maurice Evans/Ralph Bellamy/Patsy Kelly/Elisha Cook Jr. / Charles Grodin/Phil Leeds/Hope SummersMISCELLENIA -- Mia Farrow 's husband , Frank Sinatra delivered divorce papers to her while she was shooting this movie . Mia sings the opening theme , and yes , that 's her actually eating raw chicken liver!The woman seen briefly who looks like the widow of John Kennedy is Patricia Ann Conway , a Jackie lookalike.Sharon Tate -LRB- wife of Roman Polanski -RRB- is a guest at Rosemary 's `` no one under 60 '' party . One year after this film 's release , a pregnant Sharon and four others were murdered by members of the Manson family.When Rosemary starts questioning events , she phones the actor who had mysteriously gone blind , a sudden tragedy that gave her husband his big career break . The voice on the line is that of Mia Farrow 's friend , Tony Curtis . She did n't know who it was and you can see in her eyes an `` I know that voice '' look.While Rosemary calls Dr. Hill from a phone booth , a man lurks ominously nearby with his back to the camera . He turns , smiles at the girl and she feels safe enough to exit the booth . That bit player was the movie 's producer , William Castle.Charles Grodin -LRB- Dr. Hill -RRB- debuted here . His next role was Capt. Aarfy Aardvark inCATCH-22 -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , then Grodin starred in Neil Simon ` sHEARTBREAK KID -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . Sidney Blackmer -LRB- Roman Castevet -RRB- was a radio singer in the 1920s . He also won a Tony for his portrayal of Teddy Roosevelt and had minor roles in two Shirley Temple films , THE LITTLE COLONEL -LRB- 1935 -RRB- andHEIDI -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . Ruth Gordon 's -LRB- Minnie Castevet -RRB- first credited role was Mary Todd inABE LINCOLN IN ILLINOIS -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . She had a stop-and-start Hollywood career and is best known for co-starring inHAROLD AND MAUDE -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Patsy Kelly -LRB- Laura-Louise -RRB- bravely came out of the closet in the early 1940s , which sabotaged her career until the television era.Hope Summers -LRB- Mrs. Gilmore -RRB- was the original Mrs. Butterworth , the talking maple syrup bottle.Phil Leeds -LRB- Dr. Shand -RRB- was a ballpark peanut vendor as a youth and a Borscht Belt comic . He got blacklisted as Communist during the early 1950s . George Savalas -LRB- brother of Telly -RRB- is one of the workmen renovating the Woodhouse 's apartment.Exteriors were shot at The Dakota . Famous tenants of this 1890s apartment complex include Boris Karloff , Judy Garland , Leonard Bernstein , Jason Robards , Zero Mostel , Jos&eacute; Ferrer , Lauren Bacall , Jack Palance and John Lennon and Yoko One . John was murdered in December 1980 right outside one of this building 's entrances .
 Rosemary 's Baby is about the real horror of the irruption of the world of dreams into waking consciousness : '' This is no dream.This is really happening ! `` Polanski is great at dramatising the paranoid sense of neighbours -LRB- cf.The Tenant -RRB- as a malign audience , voyeuristically watching , judging disgustedly and wishing one no good.The film depicts the relentlessly sinister fusion of pregnancy , religion and psychological manipulation by elderly male authority figures.This set the template for horror films along with Psycho and Night of the Living Dead for 2 decades.Mia Farrow is brilliant as Rosemary , her impulsive decision to crop her hair making her more child-like at the most vulnerable time of her life.Taking over a gloomy flat in the gothic Bramford Building , she transforms its oppressive interior into a bright yellow-and-cream cocoon , its d&eacute;cor so pale that when Guy her husband -LRB- Cassevettes -RRB- buys a bouquet of red roses , she finds the abrupt redness as overbearing as her inexplicably sinister neighbours ' constant , deeply unwanted attention.The film is filled with similarly unsettling details : the lift that does n't quite become level with the outer floor , the head-shot of an empty door-frame as something petrifying.This stands up remarkably well .
 What can I say ? Rosemary 's Baby is everything a horror movie should be , and then some . The actors are all tremendous in their performances , none of which feel alike in any sense , especially Mia Farrow and Ruth Gordon , who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film . Roman Polanski 's direction is unrivaled as he shows us The Dakota at its most haunting . The exterior may have only been used , but still , the tunneling hallways and cavernous rooms . Even if it 's bright and sunny , the apartment Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse -LRB- played by great director John Cassavetes -RRB- still gives off an eerie aura . I highly recommend this to horror auteurs who have yet to venture down this venue of atmospheric horror and those who just want to enjoy a great film . A + .
 Nothing like a good scare . I 'm waiting for the sequel -LRB- `` Look What Happened to Rosemary 's Baby '' and `` Rosemary 's Baby II '' -RRB- . These movies had me terrified when I first saw it -LRB- in the 70 's -RRB- . I still get scared today ! It is real . If anyone knows a little about spirit beings -LRB- dwelled inside `` some chosen '' people -RRB- . I saw firsthand what that is like . Heck , today , we read it in the newspapers and see it everyday and just do n't realize that it is the powers of darkness which causes a lot of today 's evil . Then there are the people who worship such events ... those people are even more scarier.Check out the sequels where Adrian grows up to become a rock singer in a bar and he was just diabolically deranged!I look forward to its release on DVD .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is a classic horror story , well-acted by a team of top-flight actors and well-directed by Roman Polanski . A young Manhattan couple seem completely unlikely for what befalls them , but the husband -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- is an ambitious actor who may be willing to deal with the devil and evil forces to get ahead in the theater . His wife -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- , wan and chalky-looking , is the innocent foil who becomes a vessel through which he can achieve success . The couple goes apartment hunting in the famous Dakota apartment building . The Gothic rooftops of the famous building help to build up a sense of dread , gloom and doom.Three great character actors -- Ralph Bellamy , Sidney Blackmer , and Maurice Evans do yeoman work in the movie . Blackmer and the incomparable Ruth Gordon are the old couple next door , garishly dressed , wacky , crass . Who could ever believe that such a batty couple could be running a witches ' coven in the next door apartment?The story sneaks up , creeps up on you subtly and with teasing deliberateness . It seems so ordinary and commonplace at first . What will Rosemary 's actor husband do to get a juicy part -- sell his soul and her body to get a juicy part?A suicide early in the movie makes Rosemary suspicious of her flamboyant and eccentric neighbors . They and their friends seem so removed from anything dangerous.This is a great , masterful movie that spawned a number of sequels . It has often been twinned with `` The Exorcist . ''
 I had read the book Rosemary 's Baby many years before actually seeing this movie . As in most cases , the book is far superior because it 's a different experience than seeing a movie version . Had this movie been made today it would have been far more gorey and graphic , but this has very much an old school horror mentality of suspense . Sometimes the best horror situation is knowing that there is something wrong , just beyond your reach , just past your field of vision , and it 's coming for you . The growing sense of paranoia and mounting fear can make anyone cring.In her most famous role , Mia Farrow plays Rosemary , a sweet , somewhat neive housewife who has just moved into a new apartment with her husband , Guy -LRB- John Castavettes -RRB- . While they are adjusting to their new surroundings , they are befriended by an elderly couple and their friends in the building . They seem very interested in Rosemary and their impending plans on starting a family . Unknown to Rosemary , Guy discovers that these seemingly harmless old people are a coven of Satanists and he makes a pact with them for his own success . When Rosemary discovers that she is pregnant , she is carrying the devil 's child.Suspense begins to build as her neighbors seem overly excited and eager to help her along . They even go so far as to hire a top notch OBGYN , Dr. Sapperstein , and Minnie makes and feeds her a special herbal drink everyday . Rosemary accepts their generosity as being overly friendly and somewhat lonely , but begins to suspect something 's not right . Her concerns about her pain are dismissed , her husband is oddly cold and detached from the whole situation , and it all seems a little too weird . Rosemary is going to unknowingly have the devil 's child which they will be caring for after they do away with her.Mia Farrow seems to play her part a bit too well in her relationships with other men in this movie , as in real life she played the hippiesque , neo-Lolita to a lot of older men -LRB- Frank Sinatra , Woody Allen , Andre Previn , etc. -RRB- like she did with Hutch , Dr. Sapperstein , Roman , and even her husband in some reguards . In those days it was more acceptable if not uncommon for a woman to be somewhat childlike and dependent , but had this movie been made now she would have more resourceful and aggressive with others . Her sense of paranoia is very believable , as she realizes everyone really REALLY is out to get her and she has no where to turn to . Even her one friend who really got it , Hutch , is victim to their evil but tries to warn her by leaving her the books on witches.This is a Roman Polanski movie , who always seemed to have the hook for an impending sense of doom . When we reach the much anticipated finale , we never see the child with his father 's eyes . We only hear a baby cry , knowing that this is the beast in that craddle . That 's the real horror , not seeing the devil 's child when you are so so close . * Shudder *
 The best way to describe `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is to describe what it is n't
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is truly the horror masterpiece of the 20th Century . Its stars are
 Rosemary 's Baby is satanic good fun . This is one of the most impressive horror film 's I 've ever seen in my life and may be my favorite horror movie of all time . Roman Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby is extremely ahead of it 's time with the use of strange dream sequences , experimental cinematography and truely disturbing subject matter . Mia Farrow 's performance is amazing to say the least and she has cemented her role as one of my favorite actesses of all time . Not much blood or gore in this movie but focuses on it 's acting and satanic vibe to scare viewers ... and it does ! This is an amazing movie I recommend to anyone who has not seen it , GO BUY IT NOW !
 Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes are perfect as Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse in this dark and riveting horror story . I love that the movie portrays the horror of Rosemary 's situation , without ever going graphically over-the-top like so many of today 's horror stories do . We never even SEE Rosemary 's Baby !! Also love the neighbors , Roman and Minnie -LRB- Ruth Gordon is amazing ! -RRB- , and the setting is just outstanding . I ca n't say enough good things about this movie . ** One little note ... did you all know that the original choice for Rosemary 's husband was Robert Redford , but he was committed to another project at the time ? Imagine the direction his career might have taken if he had portrayed the duplicitous Guy Woodhouse ... would he still have attained his sex symbol status ?
 Roman Polanski concocted a devilish , stylish witches ' brew of paranoia and real terror with this movie -- the movie is literally soaked with detail and imagination . Yet the terrors are mostly psychological , pulled off in the most amazing way , filling you , along with Rosemary , with absolute dread . Ira Levin 's story , which reads significantly more outlandish in its terrors , is given a 60 's pop art/New York look , what with its fabulous use of the Dakota as the ominous Bram , and Mia 's delightful costumes . The dream sequences actually further the plot , and are spectacular visualizations of the narrative , providing insight into her strictly circa-late 60s Catholic upbringing . Mia Farrow is sensational as Rosemary , with her big eyes and winning sweetness ; her transformation is riveting . Ruth Gordon provides more than enough creepiness all on her own , and John Cassavettes is absolutely perfect as Rosemary 's ambitious , cunning husband . The wildly provocative premise places the son of the devil in Manhattan -- and as the movie cast its spell , you descend into madness with Rosemary , who , after all , simply wants the dream of motherhood in her pretty apartment . The bookend lullaby will continue to haunt you for days .
 I have watched Rosemary 's Baby a couple of times over the years , yet it still retains its elements of creepiness , horror , and never fails to send chills down my spine . This is one of the rare instances where the book -LSB- of the same name by Ira Levin -RSB- is faithfully adapted for the big screen -LSB- thanks to director Roman Polanski -RSB- . The story itself is about a young couple , Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse who lease an apartment in an old complex . Rosemary -LSB- played by a very young and sweet Mia Farrow -RSB- finds she is pregnant but fears for herself and her unborn baby , convinced that sinister forces are intent upon taking away her baby.Her character 's naivete is altogether credible and elicits our sympathy . Her husband Guy -LSB- John Cassavetes -RSB- is an aspiring actor who unbeknownst to Rosemary is actually part of the evil conspiracy . The supporting characters shine too ... Ruth Gordon plays the role of the sinister Minnie Castevet with a mixture of grandmotherly concern and evil manipulations that come off convincingly . This movie was made in an age where CGI effects were unheard of , and yet the horror is palpable , we all feel the menace and evil lurking in the shadows of Rosemary 's apartment . Atmosphere is used to good effect here , and coupled with great acting , this is one of the all-time horror classics .
 After the Exorcist , this is probably the best horror film of all time . It is well directed , written and acted , and has a nightmarish and haunting quality . I once tried watching this film with the lights off , and lasted about 1 minute before running to turn them on again . It is quite a restrained film -LRB- which is why it 's so powerful -RRB- , with a seemingly innocent plot concerning a young , upwardly mobile couple renting a new apartment , getting a new job , trying for a baby etc. . However , it 's not at all innocent ; quite the opposite ; and the story unfolds to a terrifying climax and a very weird conclusion .
 When I first encountered `` Rosemary 's Baby '' at age 11 , I do n't remember much of it because I turned it off due to its scariness . Years later , when I got into film , I viewed it again looking for the scary parts . I remember weird images and even weirder music accompanying those images , so it HAD to be scary , right ? Wrong . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is a movie I would call `` Creepy '' . You have a sense throughout the film that somethin' just ai n't right . Roman Polanski is a genius at setting this kind of tone -LRB- he does it again in `` Chintatown '' -RRB- but what really rings home is that he solicits this creepiness from the classic `` Elderly Couple Next Door '' . Who could ever suspect Ruth Gordon as a witch ? The film has an excellent pace that does n't go too fast until the end , when Rosemary is trying to escape her captors . This is by far a superior horror film the , kind that they just do n't make anymore . The look on Rosemary 's face as she embraces her `` baby '' at the end of the film is classic .
 This is one of my favorite horror films of all time . In my opinion , it 's more disturbing than most of the gory flicks that are made today . It shows little in the way of monsters , ghouls , etc. , and that is what makes it so effective . It 's unsettling to sit waiting in anticipation for the face of the creature to be revealed , only to be left largely in the dark.There are some other things about the film that perplex me . It strikes me as having a very Gothic tone , although I ca n't place my finger on the reason . There also seems to be commentary on the state of religious belief at the time , but it 's difficult for me to place the theme within a specific framework , which is frustrating.Anyway , I would like to state that I recommend this movie to every fan of classic film . I would also recommend it to all horror film fans , except for the fact that I know they might find it slow and tedious , and , of course , not scary enough , bloody enough , etc. . However , if you like suspenseful , thought-provoking filmmaking with a decidedly disturbing bent , I would definitely recommend Rosemary 's Baby .
 I am a 60 's pop culture fanantic and I am getting the DVD of `` Rosemary 's Baby '' tomorrow for two reasons
 This one is definately one of the Top Ten best horror films of all times . I 've found that horror flicks shot in the 60s and 70s tend to be dull and lackluster , absent of any real scares . Of course , many have good plots , which is why Hollywood ressurects them from time to time with new casts , etc. . But , Rosemary 's Baby really stands the test of time . There are some genuinely suspenseful and `` spooky '' moments - and it 's a clever movie as well . I 'd definately recommend it , and I 'm a pretty tough critic.Just by way of background , and while other reviewers seems to prefer to reveal much of the story and plot , I think that sort of ruins the film in many cases . So , you 'll want to look for other reviews and reviewers if that is what you are looking for ...
 Rosemary is a normal housewife living with her struggling actor husband in the 60 's . Like most , she wants a baby more than anything in the world . So when she and her husband move to a peaceful , seemingly innocent co-op in New York City , they hope to make her dreams come true.That 's when things start to go ary.One night , Rosemary is impregnated . It is not until the end we figure out by who , or should I say `` what . '' This Roman Polanski psychological thriller of paranioa , supernatural events , and the shattered dreams of two newlyweds , ranks at the top of any thriller-loving person 's list . Polanski throws you into Rosemary 's shoes . She , along with the viewer , get the strong feeling that something is wrong , and everybody else is in on it . Except for you . 5 stars for achieving the perfect level of paranoia and suspense .
 A subtly demonic tale that builds to a shocking climax . Mia Farrow embodies vulnerability as Rosemary , and John Cassavetes is interesting to watch in a rare mainstream role as her soothing husband . Look for a young Charles Grodin playing a doctor in a pivotal scene .
 I think this is one of those movies that never ages and that all directors dream about . I doubt if any one who has seen it even notices the clothes or furniture in the movie , because the story is so engrossing . No blood , guts or entrails this movie shows that horror movies can be made with an actual story and good actors . Ruth Gordon is fab as the nosey `` witch '' neighbor . I think she won an Academy Award for her part in this movie . She deserved it . All the cast were perfect for their parts . I saw this when it came out in the late sixtey 's and I bought the VHS of it and watch it every once in a while . It 's still a thrill for me .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a classic film of Sixties paranoia . Poor Rosemary knows that something is wrong , but everyone around her tells her that she is crazy . Is she ? Or is she the center of a vast , demonic conspiracy ? I guess it is typical of the times that all the old people are `` evil '' - in a very literal sense.It is very telling to watch this horror movie from the Sixties to see how the genre has changed . For one thing , this movie is not about scares - there are almost no scenes of violence . Rather , it is about a gradual buildup of dread . Everything is played subtly . There are some brief `` creature effects '' - Satanic arms and eyes - but not much . The film is a pretty literal interpretation of Ira Levin 's novel - Stephen King says it is the only time he 's ever felt it is not necessary to read the book if you 've seen the movie . Polanski is wise to keep most of the supernatural stuff off-camera . It would be too unbelievable otherwise . Even as it is , one wonders what kind of a sales-pitch the witches made to Rosemary 's husband . Or maybe actors will do ANYTHING for a part.The DVD is pretty bare - there are modern interviews with Polanski and Robert Evans , an old featurette , and that 's it .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is and will allways be one of the great horror classics . the movie uses the unknown to freak you out . it is a story of a woman you gives birth to a child , but the child is not what she expected .
 All I can say is the classics never go out of style ; the movie pulls you in from the very beginning and it and keeps on . This movie is a great old thriller . Mia did some great acting in this movie , she is simply elegant . I would tell anyone who wishes to purchase this movie to go ahead ; you can not go wrong with a classic .
 this is where it all started in my opinion . Everything was done to perfection . The big bonus for me was the music . It never fails , the horror scoring in the 60 's , and 70 's when done correctly -LSB- mind you -RSB- sends shivers done my spine . I can only image what the presentation would be like in drive inn 's . If you are politically correct about horror elements , you just might like this movie . I adore it , and believe it would be a timeless classic to all horror fans .
 This is one of those movies that everyone had told me was really good but I 'd never really gotten around to watching . Another was The Godfather Trilogy , and after I 'd seen those , I wondered how I could have gone so long without watching 'em . I did n't expect Rosemary 's Baby to be as brilliant as The Godfather Trilogy , but figured I 'd enjoy -LRB- and had $ 2.00 left on my video store card -RRB- so I rented it . After I had finished watching it , I was breathless . EVERYTHING about this movie is brilliant ! From the very first shot , which makes New York City look so evil and chilling , to the very last , the zoomout from Rosemary 's apartment , leaving us to speculate ourselves what will become of our heroine , this movie had me on the edge of my couch in suspense , never knowing what would come next . All the acting was so great . Mia Farrow is so sweet and innocent as Rosemary , but when she gets determined , she can kick butt . John Cassavettes was also great , especially illustrating the way he goes from loveable , silly husband to aloof and careless . Ruth Gordon deserved her academy award . She 's so likable and normal seeming , but there 's an `` undertaste '' about her that makes one constantly uncomfortable . Sidney Blackmer is also fantastic as her husband . Charles Grodin is only in the movie for a minute , and I did n't even know it was him , since he looks so different now ! Finally , Ralph Bellamy is fabulous as Dr. Saperstein , who seems so trustworthy , but hides dark secrets . Brrr . I had this movie for five days , and every day I 'd think to myself , `` That 's one less day I have it . I 'd better watch it again . '' Finally , only two days after I returned it to the video store -LRB- meaning today -RRB- , I decided I MUST own this movie , so I 'm buying it tomorrow . Every day I wake up thinking of this movie , particularly the amazing music . It is NOT a happy movie . It is very disturbing and creepy and touches on everyday fears , from pregnancy to your next door neighbors to your doctors to the man standing outside the phonebooth smoking a cigar -LRB- I got so freaked out at that part -RRB- . So , in conclusion , if you wan na see a frightening masterpiece , nothing 's better than Rosemary 's Baby!PS The scaries scene for my was the entire rape scene , especially the part with the guy yelling `` Tyfoon ! '' Too freaky!PPS I ca n't believe Woody Allan chose Soon-Yi over Mia Farrow . Mia Farrow !!!
 Rosemary 's Baby is a hands down good film . I loved the almost psychedelic scenes where she 's drugged into a kind of half-sleep whereupon she 's prepared and then served up to the devil . Great cinematography here if you can pull yourself out of the content enough to notice the shots . Rosemary 's Baby has a great feel - it just keeps wratcheting up the tension , and meanwhile you get to check out the 60s fashions and little touches -LRB- her craving for meat - her reflection in the toaster as she munches a chicken heart -RRB- . The music was good too . The sound track almost makes you nausious as she staggers around in the elevator as she tries to escape those she feels threaten her baby.But what made this film effective for me was her paranoia . As the movie continues , as do her suspicions , you know she sounds crazy - and yet she 's right ! You know she 's right -LRB- cause you can just tell those guys are up to no good -RRB- , and yet by any sane person 's standards , her story sounds like that of a paranoid schizophrenic!Of course the plot is somewhat preposterous , and for a moment near the end there , it almost went over the top . But then it pulls itself back together and leaves you with a realistic dilemma -LRB- realistic for this movie -RRB- - what do you do if you 've just given birth to the son of Satan ? Even the devil 's son needs a mother , and Rosemary , sensitive soul that she is ... can her knowledge of who , what , she 's given birth to overcome the strength of her maternal instinct?Incidentally , the retrospective interviews and ` making of rosemary 's baby ' featurette are fantastic ! you get a really in-depth look at Roman and Mia around the time of the film . you can really feel that 67 summer of love vibe in the background . mia farrow comes off as quite the hippie - but an intelligent and talented one at that - an interesting contrast to the movie you 've just seen .
 One of the most realistic and horrifying movies ever . Its not the typical scary movie that will make you scream loud , but one of those horror movies that will scare you within . Mia Farrow was perfect in the role of ` Rosemary ' and so was Ruth Gordon and the rest others did very well too . The concluding scene is the scariest and it did really scare me . Its very rare to come across such films and those films which are very rare to hear or see , are always the best ones . A true classic .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' was a love-hate experience for me when it first came out . The Satanic aspect of the film still creeps me out . When all the geezers at the end of the film start shouting `` Hail Sa * an ! , '' it makes my skin crawl . As a suspense builder , the film works extremely well . Director Roman Polanski received an Oscar nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay . He says in the DVD extras that it was his first adaptation . Polanski also states that he wanted to cast Tuesday Weld in the title role , which made me contemplate how different a film it might have been . However , it was Mia Farrow who was cast and did an outstanding job in the film . She was nominated for a Golden Globe as Best Actress for her performance , although she 's never been nominated for an Oscar in her entire career . Polanski also says that Robert Redford was considered for Guy Woodhouse . What a different film it would have been with Redford & Weld ! John Cassavetes had an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor the year before for `` The Dirty Dozen . '' He also received Oscar nominations for Best Original Screenplay for `` Faces '' in 1968 and as Best Director for `` A Woman Under the Influence '' in 1974 . I found him to be self-absorbed as Woodhouse , just the sort of distance from his wife that would allow him to make a deal with the devil on her behalf . When Rosemary spits in Guy 's face at the end , it is the perfect moment . Sidney Blackmer was born in Salisbury , North Carolina . I 'm less familiar with his work as an actor , although his credits are extensive . As Roman Castevet , he seems like a brainy , likeable old guy . Ruth Gordan won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress over her competition of Estelle Parsons -LRB- Rachel Rachel -RRB- , Kay Medford -LRB- Funny Girl -RRB- , Lynn Carlin -LRB- Faces -RRB- , Sondra Locke -LRB- The Heart is a Lonely Hunter -RRB- . She had been nominated in the same category the year before for `` Inside Daisy Clover . '' She also had three nominations as a screenwriter for `` A Double Life '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , `` Adam 's Rib '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , & `` Pat & Mike '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- . Because ofHarold and Maudewhich remains probably my all-time favorite film , Ruth Gordon was a delightful original . I saw her onstage once in Chicago . Her performance as the nosy neighbor Minnie is hilarious comic relief , all the more ominous as a result . Maurice Evans , who would later play a warlock as Samantha 's father on TV 's `` Bewitched '' series , plays Rosemary 's friend Hutch who knows the history of the Bradford and later becomes suspicious about the foul-smelling herb Rosemary is given to wear for good luck . The Bradford was filmed at the Dakota , the building where John Lennon was shot . Rosemary goes to Dr. Sapirstein who is played by Ralph Bellamy . Bellamy was nominated for Best Supporting Actor for `` The Awful Truth '' in 1937 and given an honorary Oscar in 1986 . He seems superficially friendly . Polanski cites the moment he slips the pills back into his pocket in Dr. Hill 's office as the director 's favorite moment in the film . Patsy Kelly as the loudmouth Laura-Louise is great in her small role . She was in `` Freaky Friday '' in 1976 & peers through those garishly thick glasses throughout `` Rosemary 's Baby . '' Elisha Cook does a great comic cameo as Mr. Nicklas who shows the apartment . Charles Grodin in one of his first films does a good job as Dr. Hill who sends Rosemary back into the hands of her husband . Hope Summers who was on TV 's `` The Andy Griffith Show '' and `` Inherit the Wind '' in 1960 brings the tray as Rosemary recovers from birth . The producer William Castle has a cameo as the man outside the phone booth . I found the DVD extras to be very interesting . There 's one scene that was apparently not included in the film where John Cassavetes lounges in his underwear , apparently discussing a scene . We get a glimpse of Polanski kissing his wife Sharon Tate . Polanski says he mostly looked for physical attributes for his characters rather than considering their acting ability . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is a long film that builds tension and is excellent because of the many details that attain significance . Even the images on the wallpaper as Rosemary bursts through the hidden closet become significant . The cast , the screenplay and the direction make this a classic film . Enjoy !
 I saw this flick when it first came out , and was chilled to the bone . It was one of the movies that helped form my opinion about New York City , as well - as a cold , impersonal city where anonimity could swallow you up!Over 35 years later , on review , it is still one of the scariest movies ever made . The twists are nuanced and plentiful , as well as psychologically and emotionally devastating . Looking for monsters ? One need only look in the mirror.Roman Polanski was - and still is , as far as I can tell - a master manipulator of perception . Rosemary 's Baby is one of his finest films , and its timeless theme - the struggle between good and evil - unfolds in a way that is as real today as it was when first released.Oh , and I braved coming to New York 10 years after the film premiered . Still here and loving the city ! I realized eventually , of course , that New York , as in so many films , was merely a great setting that provided a wonderful backdrop for this chilling tale to unfold . A player in the molding of the film 's atmosphere - but not the cause ! It could have been set anywhere , and been just as effective .
 Since `` The Pianist '' many of Roman Polanski 's earlier movies have been undergoing a reappraisal and this should be no exception . Reviled at the time for its innovative use of `` shocking '' images and linked most unfortunately with the Charles Manson / Sharon Stone murder , it slumbered in the basement for many years . Today it is being seen perhaps for the first time for what it is
 Here is a movie that should never have translated well from the page to the big screen . Ira Levin 's nasty thriller about a group of old people orchestrating the rebirth of the devil seemed too perfect in written form to ever be recreated in film.But with a clever cast of players who take creepiness to new heights , this classic horror flick will leave you uneasy long after all the credits have rolled.The success of the movie is that the producers never try to embellish on Levin 's unnerving tale . The psychological tension and climbing horror is perfectly paced and by the midway point , the viewer is acutely uncomfortable . The horror mounts as this twisted band of retirees and businessmen gets closer and closer to their ambition
 This has to be one of the most fun movies to watch of all time.Excellent adaptation of a book by ira levin . I think the Bunuel-Dali like dream sequences are a highlight - as is the fabulous and funny acting of Ruth gordon . . I love this , it is a true guilty pleasure !
 There really are n't any gory horror scenes that I can remember , but what a chilling movie!The spine of the plot is basically a question
 I 'm finding more and more in life that we have to learn to appreciate the better material in life . Even some of the best records I have , I did not really like at first . BUT , after I gave them some time , I realized just how great they were . At first , I thought this was a decent movie at best . BUT , after I gave it a 2nd chance , I realized that it is not only a really great movie , but one that REALLY DEFINES horror . A recent movie of `` Dracula '' was SO BAD . It relied on ridiculous overblown effects ; everything was so loud it was ridiculous ; the effects were way too garrish and overdone . It was flat out laughable ! If people can call this laughable ` Dracula ' great horror , they should think about what the definition of horror is . In some ways , ` Rosemary 's Baby ' movie really defines horror . It starts normal enough . Thus , it is plausible . Rosemary and her husband meet some ` seemingly nice ' people in their new home . But , piece by piece , we start realizing that something just is n't right to say the least . First the clues may seem minute and trivial ; but then , they start getting bigger and more obvious . King Diamond writes horror records . And he DOES NOT try to keep hitting you with everything every second . King Diamond realizes the NEED FOR A GRADUAL BUILDING FOR THE TERROR TO BE EFFECTIVE ! Blackmer and Gordson are wonderful -LRB- that may be an understatement -RRB- in their seemingly nice roles , but who carry a BIG secret . Maurice Evans is wonderful as the concerned friend of Rosemary who pays the price for his benevolence . Bellamy is memorable as a shrewd associate of Blackmer and Gordon . I could go on and on about how great this movie is , but there 's no need for that . But I will say that this movie is PROOF that a ` so called ' horror movie with loudness , effects , and excess blood and violence is a DISGRACE to the category of horror . TRUE horror exists in a plausible situation . The easier it is to believe a situation , the more frightening it is ! And terror is not from monsters ! Rather it comes from realizing that we were deceived or betrayed by people close to us who we trusted . And if we are upset when we realize what Blackmer and Gordon were up to , well , we should be . That 's what horror is ! Realizing the niceness of people we loved had a VERY ULTERIOR motive to say the least . These days , hollywood just seems to make ` heroes ' and ` bad guys ' at a DISNEY level . Wake up Hollywood ! Maybe we should be sad when we discover who the villain or villains are ! Villains are not someone set aside to be booed ! Villains are everyday people who choose to betray us for one reason or another ! Perhaps Hollywood will stop with the overdone garrish , and laughable so called horror , -LRB- not to mention 2d heroes and villains -RRB- and realize what the true meaning of horror is .
 You have to pity Rosemary Woodhouse . There 's not a single character in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' who takes Rosemary seriously . Her concerns -- which start off trivial , and wind up concerning the future of mankind -- are routinely brushed off by those around her , usually with a non-sequitur or a limp joke . She 's abused and misused , casually and cruelly , and yet she rarely ceases to be a strong individual `` Rosemary 's Baby '' takes time to set the scenario -- it takes about a hour for Rosemary to first become pregnant -- yet there 's not a single scene in the movie that 's poorly written or acted . Even the minor players -- partcularly Charles Grodin as a young obstetrician -- shine through . The second half of the movie is nearly perfect , as the months pass with frightening speed , and as Rosemary discovers just what 's going on . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is deft , funny , and scary , and it speaks volumes that Rosemary uses a Scrabble set to help piece together the mystery . The chills are genuine , the humor is casual and offhanded but effective -LRB- especially whenever John Cassevetes is on the screen -RRB- , and the final scene is riveting . Rosemary Woodhouse has been ignored , misled , and cheated for over two hours , yet by the end of the film she 's still in control of her environment , and arguably in a position to redeem her baby . Many horror movies seek to cop out in the final scene , but thanks to the superior production here , we wind up with one of the most memorable finales in the genre or , indeed , anywhere.A must-buy , for both the casual horror buff and the film student . And for fans of Charles Grodin , of course .
 I love this movie ! If you described it to someone it would sound so dull and common but the way it is played out gives the the story a creepy feel to it and you just do n't know what is going to happen next . I think this is Mia Farrow 's all-time best movie . I 've never seen her in anything better and I think this was her first .
 One of Stephen King 's favorite films . Why ? Polanski goes beyong anything we can imagine in reincarnating the devil , in bringing the antechrist into this world . The son of Satan is born , like Christ , from a woman , but without her consent , except of course the consent of the husband who gets some good and hefty kick-backs in his profession -LRB- he is an actor -RRB- . But the whole film is not so much to explore that diabolical side of things , but rather the social and psychological sides of the event . The mother is thus described in full details , day after day , and her developing psychosis is the main thread of the thrilling suspense Polanski builds it shot after shot in the film . And the trap is unescapable , and the psychosis has to be lived through and overcome . And her maternal instinct will definitely do it though the film remains open on the issue . The second level of exploration is social
 OK , we all know that ROSEMARY 'S BABY is a modern horror masterpiece . So , I want to approach it a bit differently . I want to review this movie by contrasting it w / the way hollywood would re-make -LRB- aka
 This was one of the most creepy movies i 've EVER SEEN !!! I reccomend it highly !
 Rosemary 's Baby is n't for people with short attention spans , and those who do n't like to think during their movies . In this one you have to listen to the dialogue , use your imagination , and let yourself be consumed by the atmosphere of the film to enjoy the scares this has to offer . Psychological terrorism and supernatural horror have rarely been dramatized as effectively as in this classic . Rosemary is a young , trusting housewife in New York whose actor husband -RRB- , unbeknownst to her , has literally made a deal with the devil . In the thrall of a witches ' coven headquartered in their apartment building , the young husband arranges to have his wife impregnated by Satan in exchange for success in a Broadway play . To Rosemary , the pregnancy seems like a normal and happy one that is , until she grows increasingly suspicious of her neighbors ' evil influence . By the time Rosemary discovers that her infant son `` has his father 's eyes '' ... well , let 's just say the urge to scream along with her is unbearably intense ! One of the few modern horror films that can claim to be genuinely terrifying . Rosemary 's Baby is an unforgettable movie experience , guaranteed to send chills up your spine , if you 're patient , because this film does n't get to the point immediately , and is actually scarier the 2nd time you see it , because then you can grasp the entire film . Every word is a clue , and adds to the mystery and suspense of this film . I would highly recommend this to someone who wants some psychological terorism . Watch it alone in the dark , and let your imagination run wild .
 i would first off like to say . . this is an amazing movie . briliantly done . it still holds the horror effect it had back in the day . but there are flaws with the concept of one antichrist . . in the bible . . the term antichrist is a term to describe anyone against christ in the entire bible not one time is there mention of a single antichrist to bring about the end of the world . this is a tool of catholic and various other churches to scare kiddies into being goood . . i just wanted to tell you of that . and if by any chance you can prove me wrong please post the scripture . . tho i have read the bible 3 times now . if you enjoy this movie you may also enjoy the Satanic Bible great read for those with open minds
 I especially love the scenes `` Chocolate Mouse '' and `` This is No Dream ... ''
 Mia Farrow does an excellent job of portraying Rosemary Woodhouse , a woman who moves to a new apartment with her husband.After having a dream that something not quite human raped her , she discovers later that her neighbours are witches and that her husband has also joined . Rosemary now discovers that she was raped by the devil and that she carries the devil 's child whom they will take after birth.Inspirational cinematography , eerie music score and amazing performances make this a great thriller . Ruth Gordon obviouslydeserved the Oscar she won for her performance as the nosy next-door neighbour . Chilling from beginning to end .
 Ok , as you can tell from the reviews , this movie is n't your typical shrieks and thrills movie . However , it is scary . It 's realistic , to a certain extent . It makes you wonder who your neighboors really are!I love both the book and the movie . There is something about these low action horror movies that make them extra scary !!!
 In the interest of full disclosure , let me say this
 Anybody who appreciates a good smart horror film which opts for psychological chills over gore , thunderstorm nights and things that jump out from the dark , will love this film . The film is based almost word for word on Ira Levins bestseller of the same name.The plot revolves around the newly wed Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse who have moved into a huge apartment in a building known as the Bramford in New York . Rosemary wants children and Guy , an actor , wants to further his career . Hutch , a friend of Rosemary , tells her that the Bramford is a `` danger zone '' because of previous murders , suicides and diabolical deeds that have gone on there in the past . Sure enough many of these atrocities slowly begin to unveil themselves much to the dismay of Rosemary . Guy sees these events as just a coincidence and the elderly occupants who live in the Bramford seem to be all too innocent to be involved in plotting murders or faking suicides.Eventually everything settles down and Rosemary gets pregnant during a nightmare that has her confused but she gradually calms down to prepare for her new born but not without the smothering attention of her neighbors who pop around twenty times a day to help her out . Rosemary casually begins to notice things in the Bramford or about its occupants in passing and slowly suspicion begins to develop in her mind that all may not be as it seems.There is a classic mystery lurking behind the more horrific avenues found in this great film as Rosemary slowly unravels the unknown which seems to have a diabolical nature . Doctors hint that her pregnancy may be causing undue stress and the viewer is left guessing right up until the last scene as to if there is a plot to sacrifice her baby or if she is going mad in some sort of prenatal depression ? The ending is a total shock to the uninformed viewer!Mia Farrow IS Rosemary Woodhouse and Polanski has created a classic in the process . All done in 1968 !!!!! Highly recommended original horror !
 Look , I do n't normally go for blondes , but there 's something about a terrified palomino with a bob giving birth to the spawn of Satan that gets me fully-torqued . This movie gets a 10/10 from me .
 This is a great movie from the past . I love the whole retro aspect of it ... the clothes , the home decor - it 's all so 70 's . Plus the story itself is very intriguing . But the main reason to buy this movie is Ruth Gordon ... she was an amazing actress and slam-dunked this role ! What a hoot .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a frightfest -- one of the few movies worthy of watching repeatedly . This movie will scare the pants off you . Do n't ever watch it alone in the dark .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a sort of twisted , darkly humorous and truly scary coming-of-age movie . Religion is not the only area that becomes blurred -- the very outcome of the evil vs good struggle winds up ambiguous.There is no neatly tied up package with a bow , only an ongoing struggle both within the individual and the society.I highly recommend this film , both on a technical level -- it 's a visually perfect cinematic work of art and also touches upon some amazingly hard questions that are not typically asked by directors .
 I was scared to rent this movie at first because I heard about how scary it was . I did however , rent it and LOVE IT ! It 's so clever ! And SO NORMAL ! which makes it twice as scary ! I immediately went out and bought it ! It 's also very faithful to the book -LRB- which I just finished reading yeasterday lol -RRB- Give it a try , you wo n't be disapointed !
 Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse move to a new apartment . Their neighbors are Roman and Minnie Castevet , an elderly couple . Although they are very friendly , there is something strange about them - the sounds that come from their apartment , the fact they remove all the pictures from their walls when the Woodhouses visit and other things like that . While Rosemary tries to keep a certain distance from them , Guy is very fond of the relationship to his new neighbors . When Rosemary finds out she 's pregnant Minnie recommends her another gynocologist and mixes a herbal drink for her every day . The pregnancy , however , develops rather unpleasant
 This could very well be one of the scariest movies ever made . It takes the simple premise of a young couple trying to have a baby , then transforms it into a nightmare by throwing a coven of ambitious witches and warlocks in the middle of things . The thing is , you might guess what 's going on , but you do n't really know what the nosy neighbors are up to until close to the end . The psychological torment that the character of Rosemary undergoes is played with brilliant subtlety , and you are ultimately left with a sense of dread . Also , Anton Szandor LaVey was the technical advisor for this film , and he also played as Satan in the impregnation scene , but I wo n't spoil any of the scares for you . Be forewarned , you must watch this with an open mind , especially if you have religious sensibilities . This movie sympathizes with Satan -LRB- it would have to , with LaVey on the team -RRB- , so if you find this movie offensive , do n't say I did n't warn you . So watch this movie , but you better sleep with the lights on afterward . It 's a true chiller !
 It 's really hard to make a good horror film -- as the many inferior examples prove -LRB- Scream , Scream 2 , Scream 3 , Friday the Thirteenth 24 ! -RRB- Along with `` Chinatown , '' this movie proved that Roman Polanski was more than a maker of obscure Polish art films . -LRB- It 's sad that he has n't been able to live up to his earlier potential . -RRB- Also , Mia Farrow 's never been better , and Ruth Gordon became a late-blooming star with this film -- even though Polanski had to battle against her scenery-chewing . The movie is a model in pacing ; the paranoia and eventual horror creep up on you slowly . The overlooked soundtrack and score are also key players in creating the mood of fear and dread . And all this with out head-swiveling special effects , buckets of gore ... or chainsaws . This is the movie all young directors should watch and emulate before going off to make the next cheesey horror series . If they follow Polanski 's model , they might actually scare us .
 WHEN I HEARD HOW GOOD THIS MOVIE WAS , I SIMPLY HAD TO SEE IT . BUT WHEN I WAS VIEWING IT I WAS WAITING FOR SOME KIND OF EXCITEMENT . THEN , THE DEVEL GAVE HER THE BABY IN THE `` DREAM . '' SO THAT WAS A VERY CLASSIC PART OF THE MOVIE . VERY DISTURBING IS HOW ONE SHOULD DESCRIBE THIS FILM . THIS IS LESS OF A SCARY MOVIE THAN A DISTURBING WELL MADE MOVIE . I WOULD SUGGEST THIS MOVIE TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO BE INTERESTED . HOWEVER IF YOUR LOOKING FOR PURE HORROR , THIS MOVIE WONT SUPPLY . HORROR = THE EXORCIST . THIS , IN MY OPINION , IS NOT THE BEST HORROR MOVIE , BUT IT IS ONE OF THE BEST . THE BEST HORROR MOVIE -LRB- AND THE SCARIEST -RRB- IS THE MUST-NOT-MISS `` THE EXORCIST . ''
 This is a well acted , excellent cast , and one hell of a story ! Rosemary 's baby is just as good today as it was back then . The story is about satanist looking for that special someone to have Satan 's child , and that someone is Rosemary . Once Rosemary gets pregnant she thinks that satanist are trying to kill her baby , but what she does n't know is it `` s Satan 's child she 's carrying . At the end when Rosemary finally figures it out , she winds up caring for her son . Rosemary 's Baby is movie that got a strong occult background to it . Director Roman Polanski wife was murder by Manson family member Susan Atkins . Susan Atkins played a vampire role for the church of satan , owned by Anton LaVey . Rumors has it that LaVey played the devil in Rosemary 's Baby . According LaVey 's interview before his death , he was not in the devil suit , but the scene where you see Satan 's eyes that was him . Also LaVey was the narrator for the movie as well . But either way Rosemary 's Baby is a must have !
 Before The Scary Omen Series Or Exorcist Movies , Ira Levin Wrote And Roman Polanski Directed Rosemary 's Baby , A Movie That Shocks And Delightedly Entertains.Guy And Rosemary Woodhouse Move Into A Huge Apartment , And Instantly Like Every One In It , Even Tho The Majority Is Decidedly Weird AND Cooky.After The Death Of Another Tenant To A Questionable Suicide , The Woodhouses ' Neighbors Roman And Minnie Castavet `` Adopt '' Guy And Rosemary And Start Pushing Herbs And Drinks On Rosemary.At Last She Becomes Pregant With The Baby She And Guy Were Hoping For . But Little By Little She Becomes Convinced The Castavet 's Are Going To Take Her Baby To Use In A Satanic Ritual.Could The Goofy Castavets And Her Other Neighbors Really Be Doing This ? Or Is It Rosemary 's Vivid Imagination ? -LRB- She Even Thinks The Child Was Concieved As The Result Of A Rape By An Inhuman Beast -RRB- . As Her Preganncy Progresses Rosemary Becomes Sicker , Thinner , Paler , And More And More Unstable.Is She Losing Her Sanity Or Could It Be She Is Realizing A Horrible Truth?The Movie Being Filmed In The Late Sixties There Is A Quick Shot -LRB- In The Special Features -RRB- Of Sharon Tate Before Her Slaying By Charles Manson , And Mia Farrow Is Painting Her Dressing Room Door With A `` Flower Power '' Motiff.And The Movie Is Filmed In The Apartments John Lennon Was Living In At The Time Of His Slaying.Producer Bob Evans And Director Polanski Also Tell You In The Special Features How The Movie Was Made.Mia Farrow As Rosemary Is Joined By John Cassavettes , Maurice Evans -LRB- Planet Of The Ape 's Dr Zaius And Samantha 's Recurring Father Maurice On Bewitched -RRB- , Sydney Blackmer , Elija Cook , Ralph Bellamy , And Ruth Gordon In An Oscar Performance As The Nosey Mrs. Castavet.Oh And The `` Voice '' Of Tony Curtis In A cameo.You Wo n't See Any Ghost Or Monsters But The Scene Where Rosemary Finally Gets To See The Fate Of Her Baby Will Have You Turning On Every Light In The House.There Are Also No Special Effects Or `` Mirror Tricks '' , But The Movie Is Wonderfully Done And Definately Spooky.I Was Literally Shaking Watching The Final Scene.A Must See !
 ... Mia Farrow 's character talked and talked ... she 's so irratatingly good . Straight off , there is nothing scary at all about this movie ... nothing at all ... what they called scary 30-40 years ago cant compare to what they do now with cinema.There is no terror or frightening scenes in the film so never mind what the revies say.Her roll in the movie is one of idiocy and naivity.she 's so good in her roll ; yet the roll she played irritated me immensely.Did she win the oscar for this ... i dunno . . certainly oscar worthy .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a peculiar film . I will not go over what other people have written , just a few points . Mia Farrow 's character is Frustrating -LRB- with the capital F -RRB- - we sympathise with her vulnerability and stupidity only up to a point , then we want to give her EST. . The two witches are superbly cast , there is something very creepy about their eyes , a black narrowness like a splash of ink that is so effective . This film lends to the notion that the choice of setting in New York involves some sly humor - the idea that neighbours should be as initially friendly as the old witches next door in New York marks them out as weirdos ! While watching the film i considered the theory that the theme of the film was Rosemary 's madness brought on by her isolation , the trauma of a pregnancy and her bullying husband - i think the author of the book -LRB- and Polanski -RRB- clearly didnt want to rule this idea out in the mind of the viewer , but considering this the ending seems strange and yet who is to say that the strange ending is not the deepening of her insanity in itself ? After all we the viewers see no concrete evidence of the supernatural throughout , just some weird dreams and the confessions of the would be witches at the end -LRB- but then the insane DO hear voices dont they -RRB- . Rosemary 's agreement to nurture the child at the end therefore leaves us with several alternate terrors to consider , the mother is a danger to an innocent child or the child will survive as a danger to the world . Again i stress that there is no visual evidence of the supernatural in the film so a third possibility asserts itself , the people are eccentric devil worshiping lunatics who are pretending to be witches and the baby is in danger from the whole lot of them , i go with the last explanation . Back to the review , the film is extremely slow paced and drama-oriented and could not be expected to sate the palate of most modern horror fans who are used to something more action-oriented - this is a worthy film in itself .
 It took me a while to find Rosemary 's Baby but I can truthfully say that it was well worth the effort . I do n't know how many other people notice this straight off , but old movies give of this dark spooky vibe that adds all the more to the suspense.Polanski 's choice of actors is excellent and Mia portrays a somewhat estranged young woman who seems very innocent , yet deceiving with her tiny frame and reserved appearance.Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse move into a New York appartment , planning a happy life together , when not long after a girl who Rosemary meets commits suicide in the building.Rosemary has strange dreams and becomes alert of her neighbours behavious , aswell as Guy who becoms distant and remote . With a child on the way , who can she turn to ?
 This is pretty good . Not better than The Exorcist or The Omen , but still very good . gets kind of slow in the middle , but oh well . This is n't a thriller . Thrillers are for teens and children . This is a horror film . If it does n't scare you than you did n't get it . It is scary . No jump out and BOO ! parts . That is n't what makes a movie scary . People these days do n't like getting scared and for some reason they think it is wrong . What are you afraid of getting ridiculed because you got scared in a movie . Ignore the negative reviews , just look at the average star rating . What does that tell you ? Rent it .
 I enjoyed Rosemary 's Baby , but did not think it was one of the scariest movies ever made . I suppose it depends on what scares you . This movies was a very entertaining thriller . It was not a horror . I think I was expecting more of a scare . Although I was not disappointed and would recommend the movie , I think it is put into the wrong catagory by being called a horror .
 Certainly on my ten-best list , ROSEMARY 'S BABY is one of the most frightening films ever made . The genius of the film is that it juxtaposes the mundane with the most beastly and achieves it with little graphic violence . The carnage occurs mostly off-screen and we see the crowd in the street or hear the terrible news over the phone just as we would in real-life . Polanski plays -LRB- or preys -RRB- masterfully on natural human paranoia and allows the viewer 's imagination to construct the most heinous outcome . Mia Farrow is the innocent who is led by her `` loving '' husband , respected doctor and eccentric neighbors into a woman 's worst nightmare .
 Roman Polanski does a great job at directing this superb horror movie based on the novel by Ira Levin . Set in the eerie Dakota building in NYC , this witty film is ranked as one of the best classic modern day thrillers . Mia Farrow 's performance is good . And Ruth Gordon 's is a gem .
 This is my FAVORITE horror/suspense movie ! The acting is so well done , with each performance absolutely believable . You wonder yourself if this is just a dream or is it reality ? The mixture of then-current events of the 1960s woven into the lives of each character makes you feel as if your right in the movie with them ! Superb acting , directing , filming . Makes you see how a movie does n't have to be chop 'em up , slice-n-dice movie to be a legitimate horror classic ! I used to stay up late every time it was on the Late Late Movie ! And now , I even own a copy for myself ! Absolutely a MUST SEE !!!!!!!!
 First you think it 's too boring to be a thriller but later on the question marks start to emerge and you start to enjoy the movie . Maybe you do n't scream or close your eyes but it 's a very good work for a pschological horror movie .
 The 1960 's New York genre , good acting and direction make this movie a classic . Farrow is the consummate sweet and niave mother-to-be . She makes this movie stay with you and haunt you . The ending is a test of a mother 's love , a mother will love her baby no matter how bad it is . Polanski is a genius .
 This is truly a classic ! I 've seen almost every horror movie , but this one is still my favorite ! It 's not gross , but very dramatic . It will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time . If you like the movie , than read the book , too ! This is a cool classic for anyone who loves horror .
 Rosemary 's baby is a horror classic that should not be missed . Mia Farrow and the rest of the cast is outstanding in this tale of broken trust and Santanic eroticism.This film will be loved by anyone who is n't pregnant .
 Rosemary 's Baby is the best movie ever made . I have seen this movie over 10 times , and it is never a dissapointment . Overall , the movie is very well done , and extremely scary . The story is so realistic that you get the feeling that it could truly happen in real life . The New York City/Gothic background just adds to this realism . The acting by Mia Farrow and others is excellent .
 A story about a women who has a baby that is the child of the devil . Done exelently . Four Stars for a movie review . Highly recomended .
 I love when people complain that movies like this are `` not scary '' or `` not horror '' . To me , that just means you are lacking psychological depth in certain departments of your brain . I was immediately driven into an immensely creepy place from the opening credits , to the moment a dresser drawer was mysteriously blocking a closet door towards the beginning , and it only got more intense with EACH passing scene . Polanski is surely a master of psychological tension . Repulsion was already one of my favorite films , but I feel that Rosemary 's Baby quite possibly takes the same formula and capitalizes on it ten fold . It was like Repulsion meets Suspiria - two of my favorites , brilliant!I could hardly sleep after the ritualistic -LRB- almost hallucinogenic -RRB- scene towards the midway point of the movie . It 's absolutely terrifying ! This is certainly one of the all time great horror films - if you ca n't see it , I simply feel sorry for you.Classic ! Riveting ! Perfect !
 This is one of my favorite horror films of all time . In my opinion , it 's more disturbing than most of the gory flicks that are made today . It shows little in the way of monsters , ghouls , etc. , and that is what makes it so effective . It 's unsettling to sit waiting in anticipation for the face of the creature to be revealed , only to be left largely in the dark.There are some other things about the film that perplex me . It strikes me as having a very Gothic tone , although I ca n't place my finger on the reason . There also seems to be commentary on the state of religious belief at the time , but it 's difficult for me to place the theme within a specific framework , which is frustrating.Anyway , I would like to state that I recommend this movie to every fan of classic film . I would also recommend it to all horror film fans , except for the fact that I know they might find it slow and tedious , and , of course , not scary enough , bloody enough , etc. . However , if you like suspenseful , thought-provoking filmmaking with a decidedly disturbing bent , I would definitely recommend Rosemary 's Baby .
 A blockbuster of a movie that still holds tremendous power today , ROSEMARY 'S BABY is , along with THE EXORCIST , one of the most compelling and memorable horror films in movie history . Roman Polanski 's subtle direction and the naturalistic performances are enough alone to recommend this scary ride.The plot concerns a young , naive woman -LRB- Mia Farrow , in her signature and best early performance -RRB- and her ambitious , struggling actor husband -LRB- the late John Cassevettes , ruthlessly brilliant -RRB- who rent an apartment in a Victorian building in good old New York , New York . It begins on a somewhat light note , but if you go back and look at it again , you will notice small hints that Polanski dropped . Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse become friendly with seemingly well-meaning but nosy elderly neighbors -LRB- the priceless Ruth Gordon and the courtly Sidney Blackmer -RRB- . Rosemary has a violent nightmare in which she is ravished by a horned creature , on the same night -LRB- gasp -RRB- she and Guy planned to start trying to conceive a baby -LRB- coincidence ? I think not -RRB- . Her pregnancy does not seem to be progressing normally , and her close friends become concerned . Around this time , her husband seems to be getting his big break , and increasingly becomes less sensitive to her feelings and needs . Anyone who appears to be really worried about her or who is in Guy 's way of success , becomes beset by mysterious ailments and injuries , even death . She does some detective work and learns more about her strange neighbors and her husband than she cares to know . As she attempts to escape , hoping to deliver and protect her baby , it is apparent that she ca n't trust anyone , not even the `` dream boy '' doctor . She learns a horrible , incomprehensible truth
 In June of 1966 -LRB- Yes , 6/66 -RRB- , Rosemary Woodhouse gave birth to Satan 's son , Adrian . This movie details how she came to be begotten by the Devil and the plot of her husband and neighbors in order to give the world over to Satan.Honestly , one can not ask more from a horror movie . Sans any special effects , it 's all up to the story , acting , and directing to pull it all off , and they all work perfectly together to appropriate the correct mood.Roman Polanski said of the book , `` At first I thought it was a soap opera , and then I found myself reading it at four in the morning with my eyes burning . '' So the directing goes . Mia Farrow 's acting is of young innocence that seems rather childish in some parts , but profoundly adult in others
 Who has n't heard of the movie Rosemary 's Baby ? I know I have . In fact , I heard about this movie so often throughout the years , that I actually thought that I had seen it ; at least once , when I was a child . I was wrong , I would have remembered getting such a jolt , from a movie.I bought this dvd as sort of a Halloween package of dvds , and watched it over the weekend . This movie is a psychological powerhouse that , without a doubt , belongs in the ranks of the Exorcist and The Omen.If you 're tired of , and avoid the slasher flicks of recent years , this movie is a must see . This film is story telling in it 's purest form.Roman Polanski 's classic is visually stunning , full of gothic tales , and outstandingly acted by Mia Farrow , Ruth Gordon and Ralph Bellamy.The mini-retrospective , added in the ` special features ' section , with commentaries by Polanski , Robert Evans and Richard Sylbert are informative and interesting . Watch this AFTER the movie , otherwise , you 'll know too much , and wo n't get the full effect.A breath of chilled air , from the second golden age of Hollywood .
 I watch this movie too often ! You may think I 'm crazy if I told you how often . I 've even read the book , the sequel because I had to know what happened . I find great relief in this film with its mellow moments , sometimes eerie scenes . I like the cast , the era in which the film was made .
 The film begins with a bird 's eye view of a huge apartment building in New York that overlooks Central Park , where John Lennon lived and was killed -LRB- Yoko still resides there -RRB- . Of course , in Rosemary 's Baby , the place is not called The Dakotas , as it is today . It 's the last apartment building that newlyweds Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse have looked at . The apartment is huge , old and needs some sprucing up , but Rosemary just ADORES it and begs Guy to buy it . `` Oh , please , please ... , '' she pleads . He gives in , saying it 's close to the theatre district in Midtown Manhattan -- he could walk to work . Guy is an actor who is n't doing as well as he hoped he would , a commercial here , an off-off Broadway part there . Typical . They move in without much furniture and that night end up making love on the hardwood floor . Wine . Candles . Newlyweds . Go figure . Upon further inspection of the dusty flat filled with old furnishings leftover from the woman who had lived there had died -- not there , but in the hospital , the apartment manager told them earlier that day as he guided them around the place . One room had an herbarium , with all kinds of pots filled with spices and herbs . And then they found a note left on a desk that said , `` I am beginning to lose touch with reality ... '' and it drifted off.Days later Rosemary meets the neighborlady , a nosy old woman wearing clownish makeup , who knocks on her door and then lets herself in to look around . Her name is Minnie . Her husband 's name is Roman , she tells her . The old furnishings have been removed . Painters are busy wallpapering . She asks the price of a new chair . And then she eventually gets aroud to asking Rosemary if they are planning on having children . This affronts and embarrasses Rosemary . But Minnie insists that they must and will . She then asks her to bring her `` hubby '' over that night for dinner . He reluctantly agrees , but then becomes somehow , suddenly interested in having more and more conversations with Roman , the old man . Now she wants to avoid them , but he does not . Hmmm ... and then one evening Rosemary has a romantic dinner set up for just her hubby and herself . The doorbell rings . Guy answers and returns with Minnie 's home made chocolate mousse . Guy makes fun of Minnie , but Rosemary shushes him and says they should at least try the dessert . Minnie means well , she tells him . So they do , but Rosemary detects a bitter undertaste to it and refuses to eat the rest , dumping it into her cloth napkin . A little later Rosemary starts feeling funny , dizzy and ... Thus is the pretext for what will occur , and what should be terrifying for the audience . But today 's audience may not have the patience for this film -- it is eventually shocking , but it unfolds as drama does , well written , sharply directed and fascinatingly acted good drama , that is . Thus the audience needs to pay attention to the details -LRB- to not talk or text during it -RRB- . This is a psychological thriller , a horror film and a drama . There is no blood , no overt violence , no crass , vulgar language , no teenage girls baring their breasts . The main characters are adults ! Imagine that ? And today , unfortunately , many teens can not watch a film without teens as the main characters . WTF ? HOW RANDOM !! This is an ADULT film , meant to horrify ADULTS . Yet I was a teenager when I saw it in the theatre -LRB- when moviegoers went to see films with adults in them who were often older than themselves , -RRB- not quite old enough to be allowed to see it , but I was a tall , big kid . They let me in . Man , was I glad they did . I was glued to my seat all throughout it . Also , I was a Roman Catholic kid , and the rating for this movie was , according to the Catholic Legion of Decency
 You watch horror films from the 1950s and 1960s and they have a curiously dated feel - ghosts rattling chains , men morphing into bats , Vincent Price . Then you watch Roman Polanski 's 1968 classic `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' and it 's like a gut punch . One of the creepiest films ever made and certainly one of the five greatest horror films of all time , `` Rosemary 's Baby '' has aged well because of its extraordinary restraint and style . Polanski , making his first American film , went to great pains to create a work of subtlety , insinuation and ultimately , growing paranoia.The film is a faithful adaptation of Ira Levin 's bestsellerRosemary 's Babybut , more importantly , it turns a routine shocker into an examination of apartment culture , prenatal depression , women 's liberation and the 1960 's rejection of traditional values . Such substance in the horror genre is rare . There are really no outright shocking moments , with the exception of the unsettling dream sequences , predating similar scenes inThe Exorcistyears later . But it 's the accumulation of revelations that create an unbearable atmosphere leading to the shocking conclusion.Casting was key , and rumors surrounding what could have been are part of the film 's enormous legend . Robert Redford was a favorite for the role of husband Guy Woodhouse -LRB- a perfect choice -RRB- , and Tuesday Weld and Jane Fonda were considered for Rosemary . But like all great films , luck is a crucial to the equation . I ca n't imagine anyone as Rosemary other than Mia Farrow . It 's a magnificent performance , shaded with angst , sorrow and genuine love for Guy and her unborn baby . Farrow , innocent and child-like -LRB- thanks in no small part to the Vidal Sassoon haircut -RRB- , conveys a complex and unique heroine . When watching the film recently , I found myself wanting to protect her.John Cassavetes , hot off the success of his Oscar-nominated role inThe Dirty Dozen , is perhaps the one weak link . He was Polanski 's first choice and ultimately the performance works , I think . His mannerisms , when he embarrassingly admits to filing his nails after having had sex with a passed-out Rosemary , is great stuff . There 's also a brilliant scene -LRB- a continuous shot lasting several minutes -RRB- when he argues with Rosemary following a party with younger friends . Physically , it 's difficult to believe Cassavetes is the matinee idol/budding movie star his character is supposed to be . Then again , if he had traditional looks , why would he need the assistance of witches ? Classic films should be studied , and each time I watch `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' I fluctuate on Cassavetes . There 's an odd distance to his character . Could the drama have been stronger had we been able to understand Rosemary 's absolute devotion?Casting of the supporting roles is perfect , having much to do with the film 's success . Ruth Gordon is sublime as nosy neighbor Minnie Castevet and was well-deserving of the Academy Award . I also loved Sidney Blackmer and Ralph Bellamy , old veterans who convey extraordinary menace . It 's a fine line Polanski walks with these characters . They are eccentric enough to be instantly identifiable -LRB- and in many ways comedic -RRB- , and yet small mannerisms and physical reactions convey deep , nightmarish evil . The musical score of Krzysztof KomedaRosemary 's Baby , strategically used with great reserve , further adds to the drama 's disturbing nature , most notably variations of the eerie lullaby played during the credits.There are really no spoilers to give away in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' as it is such a famous film . Newlyweds Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse move into a Gothic-like apartment in New York City with a sordid history -LRB- dead babies found in the basement , serial killers -RRB- . They soon become friends with their neighbors the Castevets , an aged couple suffering from recent trauma of a step-daughter committing suicide . Much to Rosemary 's puzzlement Guy , a struggling actor , becomes close friends with them . She soon becomes pregnant after a bizarre night when she passes out . Eventually , the Castevets and their elderly clique take an unusual interest in Rosemary 's pregnancy . Guy supports their incursions , and is now receiving career breaks that could lead to major stardom . After multiple incidents , Rosemary begins to suspect her irritating neighbors are part of a witches coven with plans to ritually sacrifice her baby.What makes `` Rosemary 's Baby '' so heartbreaking and ultimately terrifying is the growing paranoia Rosemary feels as the drama progresses . She is slowly falling into a trap and , as viewers exposed to the same clues , we want to help but are unable to do so . Many urban myths surround this film - Anton LaVey was a technical adviser , Polanski 's wife Sharon Tate had a cameo , Rosemary 's baby is shown during the final scene . All are false , though their existence is a testament to the film 's power . One could argue the frightening aura has much to do with what happened later , the death of Polanski 's family a year after the film 's release , John Lennon 's death at the Dakota where the movie was filmed , etc. . There 's a disturbing extra included on the DVD , a vintage `` Making of '' documentary . It shows Polanski kissing his wife Sharon and Farrow adopting the persona of the flower child . Personally , it gave me chills . I would have liked the famous preview of the film , the baby carriage on a lonely mountain top , to have been included . It 's only the most terrifying trailer in the history of cinema.With the passage of time , as memories of terrible crimes and fate recede , we still have `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' withstanding the years as a genuine , multi-layered horror classic . And other horror films I would place in the top-five ? In no particular order , Nosferatu -LRB- 1922 -RRB- , Frankenstein -LRB- Universal Studios Classic Monster Collection -RRB- -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , The Haunting -LRB- 1963 -RRB- and `` The Exorcist '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .
 WARNING
 Yes , Devil Conspiracy at it 's finest . . this is a true 1960ish classic and another epic from Roman Polanski.How the lifestyle of Doris Day becomes satanic . . This Devil worship genre was heavy stuff in the mid 1960 's coming as it did with the saga of Sharon Tate , Charles Manson and Polanski somehow tied into all of this.Nonetheless murder is murder and this movie is the depiction of darkness , Lucifer , evil with the premise of the birth of the antichrist.Rosemary herself -LRB- a witch not by choice -RRB- , battles endlessly with herself and her emotions as if reason could win ... . This movie blurs all distinction between madness and reality as seen through the eyes of Rosemary.A truly remarkable groundbreaking flick that contrasts good and evil , passion and reason , a highly entertaining movie with a a great cast of future stars.The extras are good .
 This is one of my favorite movies that I never tire of watching . Mia Farrow 's performance is her best by far . She is totally natural and believable . Sidney Blackmer gives an amazing performance as Roman Castevet , the leader of the cult . Ruth Gordon is superb as his wife . John Cassavetes plays Guy Woodhouse , Rosemary 's husband who arranges for the unwitting Rosemary to bear a child for the cult in exchange for the cult 's help in advancing his acting career . All the other performances are first rate - Maurice Evans as Hutch , Ralph Bellamy as the obstetrician , Elisha Cook as the eccentric and somewhat creepy superintendent who shows them the apartment , D'Urville Martin as Diego , the elevator operator , Angela Dorian as the young woman who was rescued off the streets by the Castavets and who later commits suicide . Each character stands out and fits perfectly into the fabric of the story.I would not classify this movie as a horror film despite its subject matter involving a satanic cult . There is just something mesmerizing about it . It begins with a long panning shot of the Manhattan skyline that continues into an aerial shot of the gothic apartment building where the story transpires and then one can see an aerial shot of Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse walking into the entrance of the building and then it seamlessly switches to the ground camera following them into the courtyard of the building where they meet the deliciously creepy superintendant showing them the apartment . The apartment building -LRB- called the Bramford in the movie -RRB- is actually the Dakota , where John Lennon later lived and was killed in front of . This entire initial scene is very evocative to anyone who experienced Manhattan during the sixties . You just feel like you are there . The music at the beginning also pulls you in which is Mia Farrow singing a childish but somewhat eerie tune -LRB- no words , just `` la , la , la '' -RRB- that just sets the mood perfectly.The movie is brilliantly done with perfect pacing and building of suspense , all seen from Rosemary 's point of view and growing alarm until the shocking truth is finally revealed to her . But the movie is n't really about the horror or a shock ending . It seems psychologically real and seamless .
 A young married couple , trying unsuccessfully to conceive , finally have it happen when the husband strikes a deal with the devil worshippers next door . All of this is unbeknownst to the poor wife/mother who soon realizes she could be having Satan 's child . If you 've never seen Rosemary 's Baby , it 's definitely worth watching . You will enjoy it .
 I suppose calling this a horror movie is perhaps missing the mark , as Polanski seems less concerned with the demonic element than he does the way in which the world closes in around young Rosemary and the increasing lack of trust she has in those around her , including her husband.The movie is not without its suspense and I suppose could have been quite shocking in its time to some viewers , but those looking back on it will most likely find it comic , especially in the way the elder neighbors , played impeccably by Ruth Gordon and Sidney Blackmer come to dominate Rosemary 's life . Lots of funny allusions to herbs and spices , including the use of `` tannis root '' in Rosemary 's milkshakes , which vexes her old friend `` Hutch , '' who tries to help her out but alas to no avail . Rosemary appears destined to her fate , so it is the journey that she goes through the most concerns Polanski.Mia Farrow truly shines in this movie , even with her bad hair days . She is in virtually every scene of the movie and Polanski pours over her like the devil himself , including the infamous rape scene . She is amicably supported by John Cassavetes , who is good as a struggling actor looking for his big break . Ralph Bellamy is excellent as the leading gynecologist in New York , Dr. Abraham Sapirstein , and even Charles Grodin makes a cameo as Rosemary 's last hope , Dr. Hill.There 's a lot of juicy bits and pieces about witchcraft and how the old Dakota Building in upper Manhattan came to be haunted . For those who read Levin 's book , you wo n't be disappointed either , as Polanski does n't drift far from the text , even picking up on the allusions to the Pope 's visit and the infamous issue of Time , Is God Dead ?
 This is one scary movie for it 's time . The first time I saw this movie was many , many years ago . I 'm not frightened by it now but , I was then . If you like scary movies without all the gore then you will like this thriller . Mia Farrow is a great actress . The scene where she cuts her hair was real . She was n't wearing a wig . She had gotten into a fight with her then husband so she cut all her hair off . They had to shoot a different scene with her because of what she did .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' was adapted from the novel of the same name by Ira Levin . It stars Mia Farrow who plays a woman , married to an actor , played by John Cassavetes . The husband makes a deal with a witches coven to allow his wife to be impregnated by the devil if they allow him to be successful on Broadway . The story sounds absurd , but the script works because of the strong writing and performances . All the leads give outstanding performances and Ruth Gordon , who plays a member of the witches group , would receive an Oscar for her role in the Outstanding Supporting Actress category . The screenplay would also receive an Oscar nod as well.The film was directed by European director Roman Polanski who wanted Tuesday Weld or his then wife Sharon Tate for the Farrow role . Mia , at the time , was known for her splendid performance on TV 's `` Peyton Place '' as well as her stormy marriage with Frank Sinatra , who would serve Mia with divorce papers while filming `` Rosemary 's Baby '' . Sinatra wanted Mia to give up her acting career and be a housewife . Reportedly Cassevetes and Polanski did n't get along during shooting , but the movie managed to wrap nearly on schedule . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is one of the best horror films of all-time . It is n't filled with blood and gore , but it is a tasteful film that will make you talk . Roger Ebert says it 's a `` brooding and macabre film filled with a sense of unthinkable danger '' . In 1976 a TV movie called `` Look What 's Happened to Rosemary 's Baby '' aired starring Patty Duke in the title role . Ruth Gordon reprised her role from the original film , and it dramatized the adult life of Rosemary 's baby boy . The film also starred Donna Mills.In late 2008 plans were dropped for a remake of the movie.The DVD features the film in widescreen format , and it looks clean and impeccable . There is a featurette and some great interviews with those who worked on the movie , including Roman Polanski.Mia Farrow 's autobiography `` What Falls Away '' has some neat anecdotes on her starring role in `` Rosemary 's Baby '' . It is a delightful read .
 i really WANTED to like this movie at first but i thought it was boring but then i read the book and i wanted to see the movie again and now i love this moviesoo much.i reccomend it to any susepense , horror , and thriller fan , , but also f you are very religous you would DEFFINATLEY be offended
 excellent research in regards to magic , excellent tempo and rhythm -- rosemary 's baby will always be a classic in the genreand mia had the vulnerability that possess adoration
 GREAT MOVIE - SHOWS THE OTHER SIDE OF LIFE AND WHAT PEOPLE WILL DO FOR MONEY - GREAT ACTING BY ACTORS .
 `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is as haunting as it is dignified and convincing . The great ensemble cast provide a great base for super director Roman Polanski to work his magic with . Based on Ira Levin 's best-selling novel of the same name it may n't be a complete horror throughout , but it still has a classic horror theme to it and it 's plot is unpredictable as all of Rosemary 's friends turn out to be an underground sect worshipping the occult.Mia Farrow plays the main character with simplicity something rare in a horror film , she is the perfect actress to have portrayed Rosemary Woodhouse . If Farrow 's acting is great , Ruth Gordon 's is sublime . Awarded an Oscar for her role , Gordon is just riveting as the nosy , eccentric neighbour.This film has aged amazingly well , it 's aura of stoic deception is still relevant today . It just shows that you ca n't even trust those close to you . Actually this film makes you think twice about your trust for others.The 70 's have `` The Exorcist '' and the 90 's have `` The Blair Witch Project '' but this is the pinnacle of 60 's horror .
 To say this movie is bad because it 's simplistic totally misses the point . There 's no one running around in a scary mask , a zombie , or an oversized reptile in the Amazon . This is about a simple couple with mutual interests , seemingly . Until husband -LRB- John Cassavettes -RRB- feels that making a deal with the Devil for a little fame is n't asking too much . He just does n't let the wife in on the deal . From there , all the simplicity comes a rolling . Little hints expose themselves to the astute mind . But it is n't until the pieces of the puzzle start to form their true picture that the poor pregnant wife -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- can take any action . But who does she turn to ? Totally in the dark she is left to figure out her situation not knowing who to turn to . Who can she trust , particularly from their hell hole of an apartment building that comes with a ghastly history , and seemingly good willed , albeit overly intrusive older neighbors . In this movie it 's the simple uncertainly that makes the possibilities so terrifying . Everything about this movie is dark , a credit to the direction , the set design and the period it takes place in . You can almost smell the mustiness of the things you see , and that the main characters describe . The styles and fashions are extremely 60s , which in itself is creepy in its datedness . And when every avenue you turn to for help tests your trust , or puts others into danger , well , that 's as horrifying as it gets . Cassevettes is his usual sly , caniving , duplicitous self . No one can evoke such a variance of emotions with a simple smile as he can . As the role of the devious husband , that works to perfection . One wishes he acted in more films -LRB- The Fury / The Dirty Dozen -RRB- than directed . Who ever said terror had to be complicated . This movie is proof that the seemingly simplist of situations can be the most horrific . If you think a film needs to be contemporary , have special effects , CGI , gore or some unstoppable maniac are the basic ingrediants for true horror -LRB- all of which I love dearly in some of my favorite horror flicks -RRB- , then you wo n't find this the frightening movie that it is . But if you have an eye for great writing and subtle details , a well chosen cast , implied situations , then this smart , clever film is for you . It 's not the easiest of watches , in many ways , particularly for contemporary film lovers who will chuckle at certain styles . the least of which being the actors and their delivery . But that 's not saying that they ca n't appreciate it . Some viewers , by current standards may find it , oh , too simplistic ?
 After CHINATOWN , another movie of polish director Roman Polanski has just hit the DVD market . The 1968 ROSEMARY 'S BABY belongs to the most creative period of the director and stays more than 30 years after its theatrical release as one of the best horror movies ever presented.From the initial credits haunted by the eerie musical score of Christopher Komeda to the superb travellings through the New-York building sheltering a nest of witches , from the performances of Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes to the decision to choose half forgotten Hollywood actors to play the second roles , everything is perfect in ROSEMARY 'S BABY.The first of the bonus features of this DVD is a recent interview with Polanski and some of the people who have worked on the movie . The second bonus feature , far more interesting , is a featurette shot in 1968 which presents interviews of Mia Farrow and Roman Polanski , the director and the actors at work and a commentary of Mia Farrow -LRB- featurette only ! -RRB- who was at that time experiencing a virulent peace and love syndrome . In short , she was adoring everybody . A great moment.However , I was disappointed by the quality of the images of the DVD . No white or black spots but sad colours appearing even in the night scenes . Too bad.A DVD for your library .
 Twelve years before John Lennon got shot there , The Dakotas are the setting for evil , as whiny waif Rosemary -LRB- played to perfection by Mia Farrow -RRB- gives birth to the son of Satan . Lunkheaded teens whose concept of horror means countless Freddy Krueger and Scream sequels need not apply here ... This is horror of the scarier kind
 I venture that this story is neither a horror nor a thriller in the general sense -- though there is some of both -- but has the quality of a crossword puzzle , or an anagram that can at first be solved simply , but once more closely examined yields disquieting combinations . This kind of pace is not for everyone , neither is the tone , but does n't everyone have those moments when left alone with suspicions and an active mind , he or she can `` conjure up the living devil ? '' The direction , the acting , the settings , are fitted tightly . The screenplay successfully keeps true to the lurid paperback . This is a fabulous story .
 Rosemary 's Baby is a horror film , but in the traditional sense . It 's not going to make you jump out of your seat or make you scream . In fact , you pretty much can guess the outcome of the film early on . What makes the film so scary is the plot almost seems plausible and the four lead actors convince of you that by playing their parts so well . Director Roman Polanski has created more of psychological thriller and he tortures you by making you wait throughout the whole film as Rosemary slowly pieces together the insidious plot against her . Mia Farrow is beguiling as Rosemary . She desperately wants to start a family , but her actor husband , Guy -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- is wrapped up in his career . When they move into a new apartment , they met their elderly next door neighbors , The Castevets . At first they seem to be typical folks , Minnie -LRB- Ruth Gordon -RRB- is the classic nosy , pushy neighbor who invites herself into Rosemary 's apartment and is constantly chattering on and on and Roman -LRB- Sidney Blackmer -RRB- is the wizened old-timer full of stories . But they are actually witches , with whom Guy makes a deal that Satan will impregnate Rosemary in return for fame and fortune as an actor . The scene of Rosemary 's rape is chilling and creepy as she fades in and out of hallucinations and she does n't know what 's real or a dream . The final scene where Rosemary breaks into the Castevets apartment and sees her baby is extremely effective as we hear a description of what the baby looks like , but we never see it . Mr. Polanski leaves it to our imagination to wonder how Satan 's child would appear . The theme music is one of the most chilling of all-time , with a simple la-la-la phrase repeated over and over in girlish , sing-song voice . Ms. Gordon won the 1968 Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her role as Minnie and Mr. Polanski 's first Hollywood film showed his immense directing talents .
 It amazes me how some people can say that this movie is not scarey . If anything , this movie not only shows the lost meaning of horror , but the lost meaning of evil as well . Rosemary and her husband Guy -LRB- a down on his luck actor -RRB- , move into an apartment house with a bad history , despite the warnings of their present landlord Hutch . After moving in , they meet Roman and Minnie . They appear to be lovable and caring grandparent types . But some things raise doubts . When they invite Rosemary and Guy over to dinner , they apparently have taken down their pictures . And while the dinner conversation seems pleasant enough , it would undoubtedly make a church goer uncomfortable . -LRB- I may have actually had to excuse myself . -RRB- Soon , Guy 's career starts to take off , and if we have any familiarity with this movie , we probably already know where things are heading . But this is one case where knowing something about the outcome does NOT ruin the movie . Why ? Because the formula is so well done . The clues may appear to be minute and trivial at first ; later , the sharp Hutch becomes suspicious of Roman . Before he can warn Rosemary , he meets a ` convenient ' death . The clues start to become bigger and more obvious . And granted , we -LRB- as the audience -RRB- probably know what is going on . However , we are probably in a fearful suspense as to when Rosemary will figure it out . And if she does , will anyone believe her or be willing to help her ? One of the effective elements of horror here is that Rosemary desperately looks for someone to turn to for help . But not only will no one seem to believe her , but even worse , she finds that more and more people she loved and/or trusted were in on the ` plot ' against her . Some cynics probably wanted to see more blood or monsters . But the final scene of the movie defines horror . -LRB- Being SO betrayed by people we loved and trusted , and realizing that their seeming kindness had a VERY ulterior motive . -RRB- Sydney Blakmer and Ruth Gordon get major kudos for playing the seemingly lovable grandparent types with dark ulterior motives to near perfection . If you like this movie , you may wish to check out the version of `` Macbeth '' also directed by Roman Polanski .
 Without question the best movie ever made about witchcraft and devil worship , Rosemary 's Baby still stands tall among horror movies a quarter century after its first release . Suspense author Ira Levin 's chilling tale of a naive and trusting young wife impregnated by Satan is elevated to the realm of the classic by director Roman Polanski 's measured , intelligent and ultimately chilling screen version -LRB- in much the same way that Coppola made The Godfather a classic film of an average gangster novel - although , in this instance , Levin 's source novel is hardly pulp -RRB- . Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes are perfect as Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse - a struggling young New York couple on the verge of upward mobility - who take an apartment in an old brownstone that may be a seedbed of Satanic evil . Guy is a struggling actor making a living through adverts and second stringing until , courtesy of his nosy neighbours , he discovers a novel way of getting ahead . Unfortunately the cost is high , although - in a twist on the Faustian scheme - not to him , but rather to his fellow actors , his friends and - in the most evil of sacrifices - his wife . Saying any more would be to play the spoiler though . Rosemary 's Baby is best watched with less rather than more information on what it 's about . Suffice to say it involves Rosemary in the most unholy of trysts with a group of Satan freaks , including all manner of beastly violations , including sex with the Beast himself . Whether however what is happening is real or simply the product of Rosemary 's growing guilt-tinged Catholic paranoia about sex is the source of the movie 's slow-burning tension until a truly nail-biting last half-hour of stunning revelation . Cassavetes and Farrow are superbly cast , both delivering career-best work , partly by incorporating their public personas at the time into their character portrayals . The cast is universally excellent , with a notable early role for Charles Grodin as a wimpy gynaecologist . This is the movie that - after a decade and a half of stupid Atomic age creature features - reinvented the horror genre -LRB- along with Psycho , The Haunting and Peeping Tom -RRB- , commandeering it into the realm of the almost anthropologically serious . That it paved the way for The Exorcist , The Omen , The Changeling etc can hardly be disputed . That it still towers over the genre as one its best , most intelligent entries makes it a non-negotiable must-have not just for any decent horror collection but any movie collection period .
 When first released this film was a complete surprise to me and all the innocent bystanders who went to see it during the summer of 1968 . This was a very original five star film . The plot involved Satanism , witchcraft and a luxury apartment in Manhattan , something we normally do not associate.Subjectively , I find this film to be eye candy as each scene is very beautifully filmed . The performances of all the major character actors are just wonderful and the casting of this movie was a very important part of the great final product . I can watch this movie at least once a year despite knowing the plot because of the wonderful job of direction , editing and filming . The DVD includes a very interesting documentary on the making and direction of the film by Roman Polanski.I wo n't try to retell the story which simply involves a young couple moving into a Manhattan apartment , only to be surrounded by strange neighbors , inexplicable coincidences and some very bizarre events . When the wife becomes mysteriously pregnant , paranoia over the safety of her unborn child begins to control her life when fear of being committed renders her helpless against manipulation by dark , evil forces.This film is a good example of one which did not have to include gore or any explicit screen violence to be very frightening . This was the first film based on a story by Ira Levin to involve the supernatural and an elaborate conspiracy against a lone helpless woman , a theme he returned to in THE STEPFORD WIVES .
 Rosemary 's Baby really is n't as shocking as it must have been when it was released in theaters , but I greatly admire this movie . While the shock effect really was n't there -LRB- for me at least -RRB- , there is great acting ; suspense ; drama ; excellent sets ; a well written script that allows for good character development and fine cinematography . The choreography was very well done , too . The action moves along at a pace that is neither too slow nor too fast ; I was thoroughly entertained even without any major shocks.When the action starts , we meet a young couple , Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse -LRB- Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes -RRB- who move into a stately but old and poorly lit apartment house which was probably meant to appear creepy at the time . -LRB- It is Manhattan 's Dakota apartment building , actually . -RRB- They soon meet their remarkably nosy neighbors Minnie and Roman Castevet -LRB- Ruth Gordon and Sidney Blackmer -RRB- . When Rosemary and Guy decide to have their first child , Rosemary is at first ecstatic -- but it 's just about this time that some rather strange things begin to occur . Rosemary 's new young friend in the apartment building is found dead from suicide ; and Rosemary has a dream that she is being forced into intimacy with none other than Satan himself ! Guy and the rest all insist she 's just imagining things ; and they encourage her to continue seeing a reportedly brilliant but somewhat peculiar obstetrician , Dr. Abraham Sapirstein -LRB- Ralph Bellamy -RRB- . Time passes and as her health becomes worse -LRB- Rosemary loses weight in the first two or three months of her pregnancy and she has sharp stomach pains that wo n't go away -RRB- , Rosemary begins to believe that something is seriously wrong . However , she is still encouraged by others to stay with Dr. Sapirstein and ignore her increasing suspicions that some of these people -- and perhaps even their neighbors the Castevets -- practice witchcraft.All this , of course , can lead toward many interesting and unusual situations ; and it 's all very well done . I could tell you much , much more but I do n't want to spoil it for you!The DVD comes with a `` making of '' featurette ; and there are retrospective interviews with drector/sreenplay writer Roman Polanski , producer Robert Evens and production designer Richard Sylbert . Look also for a great performance by veteran actress Patsy Kelly as Laura-Louise McBirney , another elderly and nosy neighbor in the apartment building ; and actress Victoria Vetri has a small part as Terry , a young woman living with the Castevets . Maurice Evans plays Rosemary 's friend `` Hutch ; '' and Charles Grodin plays another obstetrician , Dr. C.C. Hill.Rosemary 's Baby may not have scared me as much as it was meant to scare me , but I truly appreciate this film and I can tell you it 's a classic ! Classic movie buffs may want this for their collections and of course fans of the horror genre will surely want this , too . It 's also a great film for fans of the actors in it .
 Rosemary 's Baby is an understated , chilling tale of horror of an young woman whose mundane world slowly changes into the gothic and bizarre . Rosemary is married to an actor whose career suddenly takes off to unexpected heights . She feels herself being cast aside by his ascent to fame , but it is , indeed , Rosemary who is the central focus of the story.The writing , acting and direction magically make Rosemary 's suspicions and fear our own , It does so slowly and methodically with amazing precision , and there is no release until the very end . At times , the build-up is almost maddening.If you have n't seen this film in a while , I recommend that you reacquaint yourself with it now . Ruth Gordon 's supporting performance as one of the neighbors under suspicion is worth the price of the DVD alone . If you have never seen it before -- do n't miss it . Rosemary 's Baby is a powerful film that will haunt you forever .
 This film is now 40 years old but it still shines bright as an intelligent and carefully constructed film of suspense and the supernatural . The city of New York is as much a player in the drama as are the nest of witches that begin to integrate themselves into the lives of Rosemary and her husband . The film is a masterful and strategic narrative that draws poor Rosemary deeper into the influence of a bunch of modern day witches trying to bring about the birth of the son of Satan.The acting is superb , particularly Mia Farrow as Rosemary and the wonderful Ruth Gordon as Minnie Castavets , the nosey meddling controlling neighbor . Mia Farrow does an excellent job of portraying a woman very much in love with her struggling actor husband , who gradually sees the relationship with the man she most trusts deteriorate as she suspects that the witches have a diabolical plan to get her baby after it is born . John Casavetes is in many ways the true villain in the story for he destroys their loving relationship for his own career enhancement . Rosemary tries extremely hard to trust her husband but repeatedly his excuses , actions , and stories do n't add up and she gradually sees him as part of the plot against her . Three older seasoned actors
 Possibly the best horror movie ever made , Rosemary 's Baby still holds its spell even after 30 years.Polanski 's razor sharp direction and ultra-faithful screenplay comes hand in hand with Ira Levin 's magnificent Gothic novel and Mia 's vulnerability and surprising scenic domain -LRB- as well as Ruth Gordon 's scenery chewing , bombastic performance -RRB- make this a real film gem.Haunting from the word GO ! , it is also a grand view of manners in the 60s , and it is an excellent showcase for the talents of Farrow and Cassavetes.A masterpiece !
 For any student or film enthusiast , `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' is one of the greatest examples of pure cinematic form . Everything from the perfectly orchestrated script , to the casting , sets and cinematography make this film a textbook guide to study , watch and follow the tools of the film medium . Director Roman Polanski never allows any extraneous detail or scene to encumber or detract from this story of devilworshipping and paranoia . Mia Farrow conveys the right combination of vulnerability and cunning and creates a fully rounded character . The supporting cast of Ruth Gordon and John Cassavettes provides just the right balance of humour and villiany . Has n't dated in its 31 years . Rent it or buy it now !
 Realistic 1960 's horror film filled with great performances by an ensemble cast . I felt this was one of Roman Polanski 's best directed films . Well written script leaves the viewer wondering until the final few minutes whether or not the central character is truly a victim or simply paranoid . Dialogue closely follows Ira Levin 's novel . Unfortunately , younger viewers used to special effects or gore may be put off or bored by the lack of both . Horror and tension is created instead with dialogue and the viewer 's imagination .
 Everything is going well for newly-weds Rosemary and Guy until the wife gets a haircut that is , well , to die for . Her husband is disgusted . `` You look like a man ! '' And very well so , she looks horrible . After the short-cut , she gets horribly ill . Even a medicinal brew concocted by her helpful neighbors ca n't help . As her marriage is falling apart and her health plummets things get worse , she begins to hallucinate that everyone , including her helpful neighbors and her husband are Satanists !!! I wo n't reveal the shocking ending to this mis-understood flick , but I guarantee it 's hair raising!Another strange thing I noticed , this is like an update for this review by the way , anyway , I noticed that none of the other reviewers have watched this movie because they do n't even mention the bad haircut . They miss the point completely and are caught up in the Satanist subplot . Even the official blurbs do n't mention the haircut . That is not unusual though , people that write those blurbs never know what they are talking about .
 If ROSEMARY 'S BABY was released as it is today , it might not have been very successful . Atypical in its `` horror , '' the movie does n't really have any violence or gore , and it 's pacing is meticulously slow . But director Roman Polanski in 1969 gave us one of the first films about Satanic birth , and even now it 's chilling in its simplicity.Mia Farrow is perfect as Rosemary , a charming young wife to wannabe famous actor John Cassavetes . They chance onto a beautiful apartment and become friends with its elderly inhabitants , including the Oscar winning performance of Ruth Gordon as Ms. Chavenet , a garrulous , nosy , blowsy lady married to a charming Sidney Blackmer . No sooner do they move into the place then Cassavetes gets a plum role in a play -- the chosen actor hasa mysteriously gone blind . The dark hues of this Ira Levin story soon take shape and Mia dreams one night she is raped by a demon . When she becomes pregnant , she goes under the care of kindly Ralph Bellamy , a doctor recommended by her new friends . From there , the story spirals into a spinetingling ending.I did n't care much for this film when I first saw it , but 30 some years later , I 've come to appreciate its power .
 A couple moves into an apartment with a bunch of satanists . The husband makes a deal with them to further his career , but he does n't tell his wife . The wife gets pregnant and becomes paranoid . Little by little her suspicions are confirmed.This is one of my all time favorites ! Very eerie mood throughout the entire movie and the charactors are believable , which is sometimes difficult in a movie dealing with the occult . Plus the ending fantastic.I wish they had gone into more detail about the history of the place . Hatch gives a brief sum up of the building and it 's former residents , but it would have been better to see some flashbacks.Keep in mind that this movie was made in the late 60 's so do n't expect great special effects . However , camera angles and music really make up for it.Overall this is a great movie !
 Roman Polanskis ' 1968 shocker is as riveting today as it was on its ' release . Mia Farrow is permanently etched in our conciousness as the hapless Rosemary Woodhouse who , with her unemployed actor husband Guy -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- , moves into a huge New York apartment building where the first friend she makes jumps out of a window to her death . After the neighbors next door , the Castavets , insinuate themselves on the young couple with food and somewhat sinister hospitality , Rosemary has a vivid nightmare of being savaged by a demonic beast . She finds she 's pregnant and Guys ' career begins taking off . But her pregnancy is anything but routine . Cravings for raw meat and inescapable fears plague her and Guy is of no help . Minnie Castavet -LRB- Oscar winner Ruth Gordon -RRB- offers strange teas and herbal concoctions but Rosemary senses the worst -- the Castavets are witches and are after her unborn baby . But the worst is yet to come . Farrows ' performance is achingly real and you feel helplessly frightened for her as a young woman pregnant with her first child trying to get someone to believe her . That her own husband would barter his wife to the devil in exchange for a successful career is a shocking revelation . But the real revelation comes in the end when Rosemary comes face to face with her newborn baby . This is a haunting and memorable chiller made all the more unnerving by Farrow as Rosemary . A modern day classic .
 As faithful to Ira Levin 's bestseller as a movie could be , Roman Polanski 's ROSEMARY 'S BABY is a masterpiece of cinematic horror that draws its subtle atmosphere of psychological terror out of the superstitious underpinnings of Western Judeo-Christian culture and from the uncertainty and emotional turmoil that young women suffer during pregnancy . Using the film 's young protagonist , Rosemary Woodhouse , as a sort of symbol for the common person , Polanski artfully compels the audience to buy into the ostensible security of everyday American life . Then , with only little glimpses of the true evil that can exist behind the facade of common surroundings and behind the masks of trusted acquaintances , he insidiously pushes the viewer towards the film 's fearful and surrealistic crescendo.Great performances , especially from the principals , create a strong understructure for the movie 's suspenseful and frightening plot . As Rosemary , Mia Farrow initially exudes both the innocence and the optimism of American youth , and later in the film , she is very effective in relaying the hysteria and paranoia of a woman who ultimately finds herself the victim of a conspiracy . John Cassavetes is also quite believable as Rosemary 's driven and egocentric husband , Guy . But it is the tour-de-force performances of Ruth Gordon and Sidney Blackmer that almost steal the show . As Rosemary 's smarmy Satan-worshipping neighbors , Minnie and Roman Castevet , Gordon and Blackmer create a genuine sense of subtle evil that makes it easy to believe that one 's neighbors could be plotting against you ! Veteran actors Ralph Bellamy and Maurice Evans also do a fine job in supporting roles.Certain aspects of the film might seem dated today , most notably the 1960s clothing styles and the Leave-It-to-Beaver depiction of a `` normal '' middle-class American life . But actually , this only serves to heighten the surrealism of the overall plot and thereby makes the film seem all the more bizarre and frightening . Compared to some well-known films of the era , ROSEMARY 'S BABY seems to have only gotten better with age . A worthy vintage for horror fans and movie buffs alike.This DVD release seems to have been made from a fairly good print ; however , it is short on bonus features and extras . No trailers or TV spots are offered , but there is a rather odd behind-the-scenes featurette . Still , the movie itself is so good , the lack of extras will hardly be noticed .
 Strangely , I 'd never seen Rosemary 's Baby until recently . On reflection , I can imagine that at the time of its initial release it was viewed as scandalous , outrageous , horrific.I 'll admit it does n't compete on the same plain as the high-tech CIG assisted horror films of today for out and out blood and guts , but I do n't think that was ever its intent.This movie is haunting , unnerving , subtle , and seductive.Roman Polanski was n't just playing the kazoo here . Every shot is styled , timed , and positioned meticulously , and beautifully to craft an ingenious adaptation of the Ira Levin novel . It 's not without Polanski 's own subtle touches . I love the ` are n't you Victoria Vetri , the actress ? '' question Rosemary -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- asks the ` real ' Victoria Vetri -LRB- playing a bit part in the film 's opening sequence -RRB- . Ypu may recognize Samantha Steven 's father , Maurice -LRB- Maurice Evans -RRB- as ` Hutch ' . Ruth Gordon is a scene stealer as the nosy neighbor , and John Cassavettes ' shines in a very subdued and strong performance as Rosemary 's husband , Guy , a man with a hidden agenda.A masterful piece of work , today , or tomorrow .
 Considered very `` with it '' and uniquely horrifying upon its initial release in 1968 , ROSEMARY 'S BABY indeed still has the facility to give viewers the shivers . For some reason , witches seemed truly wicked when seen in the prosaic surroundings of a modern New York apartment -LRB- filming was at the legendary Dakota where John Lennon was shot in 1980 -RRB- . Polanski brilliantly establishes the atmosphere of evil without indulging in nasty excesses ; thusly viewers were -LRB- and still are -RRB- held spellbound throughout by the pervading malevolence . Farrow gives a remarkably honest and realistic performance and her appearance is at once beguiling and eventually elfin-ish -LRB- her haircut caused quite a stir at the time -RRB- . The unique Ruth Gordon so impressed audiences with her portrayal of Minnie , the eccentric modern-day witch who lives next door that she won herself an AA . -LRB- `` I ca n't tell ya how encouragin ' a thing like this is at my age '' she told the academy -RRB- . Sidney Blackmer is right as her `` warlock '' husband and there 's Hope Summers -LRB- Andy Griffith -RRB- and the great comic veteran Patsy Kelly in support . Considering most films from this era -LRB- i.e. circa 1967-1972 -RRB- date badly , this flick stands on its own-its a truly frightening work of art .
 This film was haunted in so many ways . William Castle and Roman Polanski are kind of like Lord Carnarvon and Howard Carter entering the tomb of King Tutankhamun . Careful gentlemen and beware the curse . Very scary , brilliant performances and of course somehow you can feel the tension of the unseen off screen presence of Sinatra . Yeah baby !
 This was an intriguing movie which kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through . i loved it .
 Not only acting and directing this movie was great , but the story was very captivating as well . It haunted me for a week .
 I love this movie ! Even for an older film it is still very scary to me . I would definitely recommend .
 Great movie in good quality.My girlfriend recommended it for scary movie night , and I honestly had n't heard of it -LRB- and later realized it 's a classic -RRB- . Great scary movie and great video quality .
 A true classic . And it never fails to give me a chill of horror every time I watch it . Mostly because everything seems so &#34; normal &#34; . And thank god , no CGI was invented back then to ruin the movie !
 Rosemary 's Baby is the scariest movie that I 've ever seen . I was riveted during the entire movie the first time I watched it.Aside from costuming , and a few anachronisms regarding telephones , this movie is timeless . The plot is terrific , and the script and dialog is almost perfect . It is truly a wonderful film , and succeeds in both the horror genre and as a film in general .
 Simply put
 I 've watch it several times and always enjoy this movie . I do n't think it 's really a scary movie or a horror flick , maybe more of a drama . I especially like to watch it and think about how it reflects on women 's rights at the time .
 This is a great creepy movie without blood and gore . The movie keeps you in suspense and the acting is excellent .
 Maggie Smiths is phenomenal ! Her portrayal of the lonely spinster Judith Hearne is impeccable . The scene where she drinks alone is really heartbreaking . Bob Hoskins is equally good as James Madden who broke her heart due to mutual misunderstanding . In fact , there is no bad acting in this movie . I , however , have conflicting feelings about the concluding scenes -LRB- Madden visiting Hearne at the hospital -RRB- which are not in the novel . These might be the only scenes showing clearly Madden 's lonliness and really draw a balance between the two main characters . But the character of Madden is made a little too desperate for money here and somewhat contradictory to how he behaves in the rest of the movie .
 As Judith , Maggie Smith turns in the performance of a lifetime and oneof the best and most complete portrayals by any actor on film . This isan astonishing film , full of bleak Irish heartbreak , yet with thepromise of hope.Smith is a no less than a revelation in the title role and one cannothelp but route for this desperate character even when all lookshopeless . The screenplay had been fought over for years by actresses ofevery stripe , with , for a while , Jane Fonda , leading the pack ofactresses trying to get Judith onto the screen . It 's a good thingMaggie Smith won out.The ensemble cast of actors led by Bob Hoskins is fully up to Smith ` sstandard and the emotional wallops this movie packs are big onesindeed.George Delarue 's score is simply perfect underlying with the exactweight and gravity - and sweetness - of every situation.When is this thing coming out on DVD ? It 's simply ridiculous it has n'tyet appeared.Highest recommendation .
 Maggie Smith has n't played the lead for such a long time that part of the joy of this 1987 British film directed by Jack Clayton is seeing her again . Based on the wonderful novel by Irish Brian Moore published in 1955 , this project was optioned at various times by Geraldine Page , Katharine Hepburn , Rachel Roberts and Deborah Kerr but circumstances failed them . Perhaps we were lucky to have waited for Smith since she is heartbreakingly good as the aging spinster who has her last chance at romance when she moves into a Dublin boardinghouse . Smith 's large sorrowful dark blue eyes express the waste of her life and her yearning for happiness yet she is never pathetic , even when we see her lying about her relationship with American Bob Hoskins . Their romance is a based on a misunderstanding that you wait to unravel . I particularly like the scene after Smith has learnt the truth when she gets progressively drunker and funnier as she talks to a family who barely tolerate her visits . Hoskins acts with his eyebrows , like a hyper-Groucho , though strangely his weakness adds a dimension to the ending . Worth noting are Marie Kean as the landlady , whose smiles conceal malice ; Ian McNeice as her son , a piggy Dylan Thomas ; and the lovely music of Georges Delerue .
 after seeing this movie I said WoW !!! Maggie Smith was excelent in this movie and so was Bob Hoskins . There were no bad actors in this movie . For someone who never has seen this check it out . It is one of Maggie Smith 's best performances . The book is excelent as well .
 Maggie Smith has n't played the lead for such a long time that part of the joy of this 1987 British film directed by Jack Clayton is seeing her again . Based on the wonderful novel by Irish Brian Moore published in 1955 , this project was optioned at various times by Geraldine Page , Katharine Hepburn , Rachel Roberts and Deborah Kerr but circumstances failed them . Perhaps we were lucky to have waited for Smith since she is heartbreakingly good as the aging spinster who has her last chance at romance when she moves into a Dublin boardinghouse . Smith 's large sorrowful dark blue eyes express the waste of her life and her yearning for happiness yet she is never pathetic , even when we see her lying about her relationship with American Bob Hoskins . Their romance is a based on a misunderstanding that you wait to unravel . I particularly like the scene after Smith has learnt the truth when she gets progressively drunker and funnier as she talks to a family who barely tolerate her visits . Hoskins acts with his eyebrows , like a hyper-Groucho , though strangely his weakness adds a dimension to the ending . Worth noting are Marie Kean as the landlady , whose smiles conceal malice ; Ian McNeice as her son , a piggy Dylan Thomas ; and the lovely music of Georges Delerue .
 What a great movie , and why it 's not on DVD is beyond me . Maggie Smith plays the spinster Judith Hearne , a lonely Dublin woman who 's spent her life caring for her sick aunt , seeking refuge in the teachings of the Catholic Church , and when that fails , the bottle . She meets an American Babbitt type -LRB- played by Bob Hoskins -RRB- who shows her some attention , especially after he learns she 's got money . She immediately fancies he 's in love with her and she throws herself at him , only to be rebuked . This pushes her off the deep end
 This is a mediocre movie containing one performance so brilliant and so powerful and so beautiful that it deserves five stars all by itself . Obviously I 'm talking about Maggie Smith as Judith Hearne . The other actors - Hoskins , Kean , McNiece and the rest - are fine , but beside Smith in THIS role they come off as amateurs.The story is so annoyingly melodramatic and manipulative that I would have turned it off if Smith had n't been there in almost every scene , transforming a cheap soap opera into a vehicle for the finest , smartest , rawest , most moving and most exhilarating acting performance I have ever seen in the thousands of movies I 've watched in the past 60 + years.Thank God this performance was not made tawdry and commonplace by winning an Oscar . It is much too good for so sleazy an award .
 Wonderful movie . It 's been a while since I 've watched something that made me cry . This movie certainly did . What a wonderful portrayal of a woman who had always wanted to be loved , but never had been . Unless you 've felt the pain , you 'd never understand the heartache or longing portrayed . I was right there with her in the church screaming her cries to find God to ask him why . In our weaknesses to fill the empty spaces , we all turn to something to numb the pain . Maggie Smith is wonderful . Fantastic performance .
 -- and one of the most moving.Smith plays a lonely Irish woman who is struggling with near poverty and a drinking problem , and who relies on her religious faith , and a man she meets , to cope with her life . When her faith and the man seem to be failing her , she has to find strength from within herself.Don ' t let this one get away . If a DVD is n't available , get a VHS -- preferably an original one , not one that 's been burned onto a DVD . Check the reviews to learn about the quality of the various recordings that are offered .
 The only false note in this movie is when one character makes a negative comment about Judith 's appearance . Please . Maggie Smith would be a knockout standing in the middle of a blizzard and wrapped in a burka . That aside , universal excellence . On repeat viewings , note the extraordinary props and costumes -LRB- including a set of tortoise shell knitting pins that must have come from someone 's great grandmother . -RRB-
 This is another good title in an excellent series . This DVD covers not only the Stuka dive-bomber , but also gives a reasonably good account of the origins of the dive-bomber , the influence of Ernst Udet and the Stuka 's predecesors.Coverage of the Stuka is the main theme of this DVD , but it does n't omit the HS123 biplane used in the ground-attack role , the heavily armed but slow HS129 and the FW190 used in the ground-attack role by Schlachtgruppen.The video does a good job of showing the vulnerability of ground attack aircraft in absence of fighter cover . It documents the German 's moving away from dive-bombing as the war continued and the search for tank-busters . It 's amazing to see all the weapons the Luftwaffe could mount on various aircraft to kill tanks on the eastern front . 30mm cannon , 37mm cannon , even 50mm and 75mm cannon!The DVD also shines light on the most successful Stuke pilot
 The video 's title implies that it is only on German Dive Bombers but it more a history of German Ground attack aircraft throughout the war . The emphasis -LRB- about two-thirds of video footage -RRB- , however , is on one aircraft - the JU87 Stuka . Film footage of the JU87 Stuka is presented from the Spanish Civil War and to the many fronts of the war , ranging from North Africa to Balkans to Western Europe and Eastern Europe and Scandinavia for all major variants of the Stuka , from the first versions to the `` tank buster '' models armed with underwing 37mm guns . This footage is quite good in that it shows a variety of attacks -LRB- i.e. , naval attacks , attacks on facilities , tank busting , infantry attacks , etc. -RRB- . In addition , these are provided from a variety of angles -LRB- i.e. , underwing , from cockpit , side views , from rear gunners position , from ground showing steep attack angle and aircraft angle , etc. -RRB- . Hence the footage gives good idea of how this aircraft actually operated . This is the real strength of the video footage.In addition , there is some footage on predecessors of the Stuka -LRB- primarily biplances -RRB- , the FW190 F -LRB- the ground attack version of the FW190 -RRB- and the HS 129 ground attack planes . Unfortunately the footage for these aircraft only acount for about a quarter of the total video . A shame as the FW190 F , starting in late 1943 , was more a more prominate -LRB- in terms of numbers -RRB- ground attack aircraft.On the negative side the video provides very little information on these aircraft that even a novice would not know . Hence , at least for this group of people , the video has limited informative value . For those with little knowledge , on the other hand , it provides a good intro -LRB- though for the time one could obtain a better knowledge of these aircraft by skimming some Osprey of Schiffler books on them -RRB- .
 Very good coverage of the Stuka . Some very nice footage of the HS129 . However , I wish there had been more on the Schlachtgruppen , especially the tank busters .
 Well , I have to disagree with both of the previous reviewers - i 've seen this production twice live , in Beijing and London , and I own this DVD , and I think , while the approach is controversial , the perception and depth that the director invests in the characters is extraordinarily nuanced and , unlike so many concept productions , thoroughly grounded in musical logic , even if it goes against the letter of the original mise-en-scene . Tchaikovsky 's ` Onegin ' lacks the sharp social satire and cold eye of Pushkin , but instead shows itself to be akin to the ambiguous theatrical style of Anton Chekhov -LRB- one of the great lost works was a possibility of Chekhov and Tchaikovsky collaborating on an opera together -RRB- . The conceit of the action taking place around a large family table works wonders for the discursive first scene - where the big folky chorus - which so often seems like an interpolation from another piece , here is seamlessly integrated into the action . And as for Madame Larina being hyperactive - I see it as a tour de force , illuminating a rather dysfunctional relationship with her two daughters , who are so contrasted . I was riveted from beginning to end each time I witnessed it live , and while it is not the only version I would wish to see , as ` Onegin ' , like a Chekhov play is multifaceted and open to all sorts of interpretations , it is a bracing reminder that opera at its best is not about divas and loud high notes , but a true synthesis of emotion and drama . Such is the conviction of this performance that the ins and outs of the singers become irrelevant - yes , I 'm sure you can be nit-picky and find better individual performances among the singers in comparative versions , but I ca n't remember seeing a production of this piece that is so theatrical , psychological and compelling . Certainly the recent Met DVD with Renee Fleming and Hvorostovsky though very good , does n't have a fraction of the voltage on display here . Thoroughly recommended .
 When you 're trying to decide if you should watch this movie , ask yourself a few questions : Do you like `` Elephant '' or any of Gus Van Sant 's recent films?Do you enjoy indie films that focus more on imagery and emotion in place of words and action?Do you enjoy foreign films by directors like Bergman or Wong?If so , you 'd probably enjoy this movie . But if you 're looking for information on Nirvana or theories on why Cobain killed himself , this movie is not for you . If you 're expecting a movie like `` Good Will Hunting , '' this is n't it . And if you 're looking for a more typical , insane story of a rock star on the edge , maybe `` Sid and Nancy '' would be a better bet.Gus Van Sant has made a very low key film here , and I think it 's his masterpiece . The ideas he 's experimented with in earlier films -LRB- and especially in `` Gerry '' and `` Elephant '' -RRB- are all present here and they combine to give a perfect picture of a confused , tired man who 's just given up.As in `` Elephant , '' the director does n't try to offer any explanations . You see a Kurt Cobain like figure walking around in the woods or in a big house . He seems almost tiny compared to these larger things . You learn that he 's a rock star and he 's just escaped from rehab . He does n't talk much . There are no emotional pleas for help , unless they come in the songs he plays while he sits alone . Without any drawn out monologues or tension filled scenes , you just get a feeling of desperation and you can almost understand why the star eventually commits suicide.Watch for the cameo from Kim Gordon , a real life friend of Cobain .
 I bought this for my 14-year old daugher , who is just discovering Kurt Cobain and she loved it . She 's probably watched it 6 times since we bought it .
 People , this is n't a fanboy 's tribute -- this is a painting of a falling genius ' tragic spiral . The cinematography is incredible throughout . You are looking for a music video if you are bored by this film , and real life is not a music video . Do you honestly think that Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore would have EVER agreed to contribute to a film that did not portray the realistic unraveling of a musician hooked on heroin who they KNEW and who RESPECTED them as musical heroes ? You know NOTHING about Cobain if you do n't realize the importance of these inclusions -- read who Cobain idolized as a young musician . The problem is too many MTV fanboys and girls watched this movie and they 're just not mature enough to understand this work . The scene of `` Blake '' composing solo is shown through a window , a brilliant decision by Van Sant to show the removal of the artist from public view and the drowning of a soul that is occurring onscreen . Pitt is astounding in this picture , chillingly depicting an artist both trying to escape from everyone and unable to escape from himself . The confusion in his manner , the blas&eacute; acceptance and inability of refusal , his desire for contact with friends and at the same time inability to contact , the physicality and slumping and searching , all were masterfully portrayed by Pitt . My few gripes include the other band members watching the news at the end , afraid of implication , and decision to drive to LA on an open road-way . Way too `` Good Will Hunting '' in view and I did n't think it added anything to the film . The details-the phone book salesman , the Bible twins , the kitten -LRB- a desire for tenderness Blake can control -RRB- -- all seemed just so surreal and fascinating and real . Stop looking for Nevermind on celluloid-this is a dark painting of a true artist in quiet quicksand .
 This movie is not i reapeat is not about Kurt Cobain . Yeah its almost exactly like him but even Micheal Pitt himself said `` it was more of a film for him than about him '' - Michael Pitt and thats a good way of putting it . I didnt like that the camera stayed at like a bush for like 2 minutes , and other things . but i still loved this movie , and think about it this could be the closest we 'll ever get to a nirvana movie , maybe we 'll get an offical movie if courtney dies .
 The Amazon reviews for this DVD actually do a good job overall , because most casual fans of popular movies will only be wasting their time trying to get anything of value from this movie . There is considerable value to be found in the work , but it 's obvious from the reviews that only a limited number of people have the patience or the temperament to understand the moods . It seems to me that the real question is whether or not the movie should have been made in the first place . It 's a movie about the last days of life before a suicide , so with that subject matter in mind I found it to be painful and confusing and at times totally incoherent , but that also made it strangely fascinating and increasingly compelling . Most of the people who hate this movie should actually consider themselves to be fortunate that they ca n't relate to the moods , but serious fans of artistic movies should n't be scared away by the bad reviews . There are lots of people who insist that this is totally lacking in any artistic and creative merit , but I strongly disagree , and I wonder how else the critics would portray the last days of the character . You could n't add car chases to liven up the movie . Lots of quick edits would n't amount to anything . Snappy dialogue would be completely false . I have no idea how closely this movie follows the real life case , and I do n't really care about that . I think that Gus Van Sant simply used the real events as a starting point , and then made the movie total fiction . I 've been in bands and known many people who have never been able to fit into normal life , and some of their stories end badly , so the characters in this movie resonate with me even though they disturb me . Every movie should be its own world , and one that 's different than the worlds in every other movie . I 'm not at all critical of the people who hate this movie , but they should n't act as if they can pass total judgment on its merits .
 This is n't a movie that 's afraid to be itself . Working in the same style as the award winning Elephant , Gus Van Sant has made yet another `` silent '' film with very long shots and F@#*ed indie rawk kids . Tho some folks will find it boring or depressing or both ? I found it moving and very brave . The kid also makes for a very handsome Kurt Cobain look alike .
 The film is not about the last days of Kurt Cobain , an observation that most film-goers , particularly Kurt Cobain fanboys -LRB- some of which , have only heard `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' , and the `` Nevermind '' album about a thousand times , and claim him to be their savior , or whatever -RRB- , seem to get stuck in their thought process , as they begin to read about and/or view this film . In the end , they feel like the film disappointed them , and that their hero 's image was distorted and somehow `` ruined '' by this film.The film itself is actually a rather excellent and unique character study about a rock star junkie named Blake , who 's going through the motions , experiencing the SAME mental and social isolation feelings that Cobain MAY HAVE experienced during his final days . Yes , Gus was obviously influenced to make this film by the whole Kurt Cobain phenomenon . Yes , Gus , you , and I know that it 's obviously based on Kurt Cobain , and while the Blake character may resemble him in several aspects , in the end , he IS not Kurt at all.We can barely comprehend what the protagonist is saying throughout the whole film , and the film itself is rather silent , with minimal dialogue and action to hold most viewers ' attention . I take it that Blake 's mumbling depicts just how seperated he is from reality in the film , as he can barely make out his own thoughts and words in the film . He 's just drifting around his house and friends , not knowing where to go , what to do , or how to help himself dig a hole to the surface , to escape from his own hell.I love how Blake 's perspective is shown in third person viewing . The cinematography allows us to truly experience his isolation , from his perspective , while we 're able to watch him experience it first hand . So , essentially , we are experiencing his `` Last Days '' from two point of views . The cinematography in the `` Death '' trilogy is truly amazing.The most haunting aspect of the film was Blake 's friends.They kept him around , just so they could pry money and shelter off of him . They were merely acquaintances to him now , and in some scenes , they show how much they can care less about Blake 's situation . For example * SPOILERS * , the scene where Blake falls while watching the Boys II Men video . Asia finds him , but does n't even notify the others of his condition . She just props him up against the wall , and leaves him where he is , and goes about her day.The way the characters are just capable of extracting anything they please out of the lead character while he 's going through withdrawal from reality and himself is disturbing to me.I should point out , and know for sure , that not everyone will find this film watchable , or even tolerable . The film definitely will not cater entertainment to a mainstream audience . I figured that `` Elephant '' was Van Sant 's best after I saw this film for the first time , but now , I 'm starting to think that `` Last Days '' may just be the masterpiece of his `` Death '' trilogy , and is certainly one of his best films to date .
 I found Last Days to be a far better film than most critics and audiences seem to have found it . Not only was it watchable , despite being very slow , it was at times very funny and it was certainly a wonderful alternative to the cliche world of Rock and Roll bio-pickes . Van Sant does n't for one second try to explain or over-indulge the audience with a sorrowful tale of one man 's inability to cope with this fame . This is refreshing to me . Van Sant does n't give us a cookie-cutter mold of what a film about a popular icon is supposed to be , so I was not sure what to expect , which helped me enjoy this film . Many are put off by the mumbling and incoherent rants of the lead character Blake played by Michael Pitt , but I found them to be funny , especially when he 's attempting to communicate with a Yellow Book salesman who has him confused with a business owner . Its a slice of life-before-death film , and fans of Cobain should be warned about what NOT to expect . This is not a biopic , nor was it ever intended to be one . If anything , Van Sant is simply guessing what he belives it must have been like for the last day -LRB- s -RRB- of a man who has decided to kill himself . Visually the film was stunning , and Van Sant seems to be an expert at using the silence between people in order to emphasise natural noises , which gave me a nice sense of calm in watching the film , another reason why the movie was easy to watch . It was never hurried , and its shooting perfectly matched the script 's and character 's pacing.I find it very strange that so many people called Gus Van Sant 's previous film Elephant a masterpiece and this one is being called a terrible film . They are shot the exact same way , and the tone and mood of both films are VERY similar . I thought Elephant 's subject matter -LRB- a school shooting -RRB- was n't appropriate for this style of film making where the audience is put down in a spot to merely observe events happening . Last Days , on the other hand , is more fitting . No matter how tragic Cobain 's death was , I find it hard to compare the suicide of a rock star to the murder of several innocent school kids . If anything , Last Days gives us more to watch , as we actually have a character worth paying some attention to . True , Blake does n't do much at all , but when he is spoken to by people , or when he 's got a hunting cap on and creeping around his house with a rifle as if he was a hunter stalking prey , its easier to watch than a bunch of kids walking around for an hour , then have two other kids shoot them for half an our , which , basically , is what happened in Elephant . The character in Last Days may not be too in-depth , but at least there is a character worth caring about.A film like this also shows the importance of reading reviews before viewing . Most people get the film thinking , `` Oh , its about Kurt Cobain . I like Nirvana , so I 'll like this movie '' without bothering to find out what makes this film so significant . This is not a movie about Kurt Cobain . This is not a movie about the tragic fall of a rock star . Really , its not a movie about much of anything , except a guy who walks around in a drug-induced hypnotic state shortly before he kills himself . Buyer beware . At any rate , I liked it .
 I was nine in 1994 when Kurt Cobain died . Nevermind was the first CD I ever owned and quickly became a fan when I became old enough to really appreciate music . Ever since , I 've gone through my music phases as most people do , but Nirvana is still the first and the last.Over this past winter , a friend of mine told me that he had seen ` Elephant ' and that he really enjoyed it , as much as anyone can enjoy a movie with such frank subject matter ; so I gave ` Elephant ' a chance . I watched it at 6:00 AM and was completely speechless . The style of the movie was so beautiful and so original that the film haunted me for weeks . So when I learned about Last Days , I could not wait to see it.I watched Last Days over this past weekend with my roommate , our friend , and his roommate . Being the only one that had seen ` Elephant ' , I was the only one that really knew what to expect from Last Days . However , at least three of us are Nirvana fans , so everyone else gave it a chance.From the beginning , there were grumblings . `` The crackling of the fire is too loud '' -LRB- I kid you not , this was actually said -RRB- , `` That scene was the most boring scene I 've ever seen . This movie has no plot . There is no character development . What 's with the gay scene ? '' and some other assorted gripes . When it was over , here 's where we stood : My Roommate
 Welllll , what I can say . . this movie is `` DIFFERENT '' . . GOOD , but DIFFERENT . If you are a TRUE Kurt Cobain/Nirvana fan , you 'll learn to appreciate it . It hurts to see this is what Kurt might have gone through ! -LRB- I HOPE NOT -RRB- , but the movie itself is very `` QUIET '' . He doenst say much . The `` song '' scene '' is the emotional part , Pitt definately played a good role ! . . I recommend YOU WATCH it . . only if you 're a TRUE FAN , otherwise , dont waste your time , you wont find it interesting .
 I must admit that the largest reason that I had wanted to see this movie was because it was based off of the life of Kurt Cobain . I rented it and watched it , and the first time I saw it I honestly thought it was the worst movie in my life . The dialogue was seldom and monotonous , I did n't understand any of the characters and the plot was iffy.I began to take another look at it while watching the special features and I realized that this movie really did have its merits . What I though once was a monotonous voyage into the seas of boredom turned into the swirling downfall into the abyss of insanity.The problem with the movie was that it gave me the idea that this movie was about Kurt Cobain , because the way he dressed , the way he mumbled his words , and of course the caption that said , `` Inspired by Kurt Cobain '' . So everything I saw I was comparing to Kurt Cobain , I though Cobain did n't do that , or this or whatever.What this movie really had going for it was the cinematography , the dialogue , and the occasional music . The cinematography was good since it would occasionally move off center , and that made you feel like you were there , trying to turn your head from the problem , but to no avail . The Dialogue was good because it seemed casual , and was n't a big part of the movie . It was as if they were n't paying any attention to Blake.My favorite was the small performances that Blake would do . They focused more on feedback , which gave it the feel of angst and confusion.To sum things up it 's a good movie with amazing visuals , dialogue , and ambiance . However the movie was built around the life of Kurt Cobain . If they had n't attached his name to the movie I think I would 've enjoyed it more . Just remember that the main character is not Kurt Cobain , and aside from looking like him has nothing in common with him . If you look at it through that perspective I think you will enjoy this movie more .
 This movie is , to say the least , a great movie from the vantage of a ` real ' movie critic . Not some idiot who puts his thumb up for movies that do n't mean anything , nor do they educate.Now , just to put my two cents worth in for this Cure , Pearl Jam stalking freak who does n't seem to have a clue about , well , anything . You bash one of the best -LRB- the best would be John Lennon -RRB- writers ever for a reason unknown . Maybe he stole your girlfriend , or did he just upset your depressing mind by taking what the Cure ` would ' have said , but put it to better music ? Do n't get me wrong , I love Pearl Jam -LRB- met Vedder when he was drumming for his wife 's band `` Hovercraft '' on the Mike Watt tour -RRB- , they portray a different side of what was going on when we were growing up . But , obviously you did n't grow up in the same time I did -LRB- 10 years behind I 'll guess -RRB- . Do n't blame Kurt . Who really , honestly , knows what happened . He was having some seriously , messed up issues going on within himself that nobody , but him , could explain.And who ever compared the White Stripes to Nirvana ? Whoever did was not a real music aficionado . C'mon , think about it . Not even in the same paragraph.Hey lion , email me and we can talk some more
 Overly critical and harsh at best , a bit angry at worst ? Looking at your favorite bands list , I 'd say you are not one to put down Kurt Cobain . Just another typical ' I listen to everything that is supposed to be indie and cool ' attitude you are projecting . Get out there , expand your musical horizons , then come back and talk some trash after you 've REALLY listened , heard , paid attention and experienced.For everyone else , I say it 's worth your time and money .
 I live in Seattle and I cant see why anyone could ever talk crap about dear ol Kurt and put him down , He was the nicest guy and cared more about other people than himself.I saw Nirvana in concert in Oct. 93 in Phx , Az were I used to live and when I saw Kurt play and sing it was perfect without a flaw.It hurts me that anyone could ever talk about Kurt like he was just nothing or over rated , Where in the hell were you in 94 you fool , Nirvana changed the whole world and you sit ther and say he had no talent.If it wasnt for Nirvana & Kurt ther would be no Lame bandwagon Pearl Jam .
 there are enough reviews here about the plot , but here i will look at the film.beyond the unfortunate scene at the beginning with kurt/blake howling `` home on the range '' to a campfire , this beautiful film is a meditation on stillness . maybe not for everyone , sure , -LRB- patience and a willingness to be taken on this trip are essential to viewing this film -RRB- . but think of the analogy of stillness , hypnosis , to one in a full heroin fix , -LRB- as blake seemingly remains most of the film -RRB- . the forest scenes are ethereal . the house scenes haunting . the viewer is made to feel the apathy of a junkie by giving and getting nothing from the company or surroundings offered . the most cohesive dialogue , and the films ' rare musical scenes , can be the efforts of others , and of blake himself , that actually cut through the din of a sort of doped up white noise that a junkie experiences when high.i found one of the most pleasing scenes to be the simple , poetic choreography in the fix/boyz II men video scene . gus pulls no punches , and shows us , in real time , heroin taking it 's haunting effect . in the background , a relatively absurd and melodramatic boyz II men video plays on a tv , -LRB- complete with tootie from facts of life in a guest cameo -RRB- . blake slowly , slowly collapses as we get a fullscreen shot of this mtv nightmare . a comment on the fabricated boy bands that would stay long after nirvana deacesed/disbanded ? perhaps . or maybe just a promovie making manipulator , expertly letting us squirm in our seats ... perhaps we all should squirm when dealing with heroin , mtv , etc. . . finally , the soundtrack is divine . without getting into the history of `` musiq concrete '' , this film is unique in the use of a soundtrack to actually function as a environmental device as opposed to the usual narrative device , -LRB- think of the tension that , mostly non , scary movies use to supplement the tension they can not provide on screen -RRB- . it 's a beautiful use of john cage theories of ambient noise as music . maybe a bit avant for the typical movie audience . just as nirvana was a bit underground for mainstream , -LRB- still i remember seeing nirvana live and there were plently of backwards , baseball cap wearing frat boys having no idea what `` in bloom '' means -RRB- . in any case , gus will make you FEEL something with this movie . there is no leave it or take it . let it take you where it will .
 If you 're anything like me , you 've probably read or seen a lot of the mixed reviews on this film and as a result are wondering if it 's worth watching . I certainly approached this film with much trepidation after reading some visceral beatings it got from people who absolutely HATED it . And the other problem was that the people who praise it tend to praise it in a way that also makes it sound ... well , not so appealing . I 've been a fan of Nirvana and Kurt Cobain for admittedly not a very long time , I was still a little kid when Kurt killed himself so I sort of missed the era . Which means I have the -LRB- debateable -RRB- advantage of being able to look at the band through the eyes of a young adult . I recently watched About A Son , which absolutely crushed me . If you have n't seen it , I recommend it.That being said , finally watching this movie I can see why it is so divisive . It is pretty much THE definition of a minimalist film . There is very little dialogue , and the vast majority of it is nearly inaudible . This is a film you need to throw the subtitles on to catch everything . Not to say that you 're missing Shakespeare ; the protagonist Blake is mumbling what you would expect an incoherent mumble to consist of . You get a guy who is mumbling to himself in a context only he understands , so as a viewer you 're left to speculate . There are a lot of longs shots in this film that have absolutely no action or almost no action . One particular scene comes to mind where Blake is leaving the house and the camera stops following him to just stare at grass for about 30-40 seconds . For me personally , this made me think about the transience of a person you artistically adore 's life , the fact that he just casually slips out of frame . For some viewers though , it 's just going to be annoying , boring , and pointless . In order to enjoy this film , you are going to have to be sated as a viewer on small details , like watching Blake in a haze as he makes a bowl of cereal and then puts the milk on the counter and the cereal in the fridge . If you 're the type of person who , when presented with a character who is alone and socially isolated 85 % of the film , does almost no talking , and what he does say is mostly nonsense , thinks to yourself , `` how odd and sad , '' you will probably enjoy this film . If you think , `` this is boring and meaningless , '' there 's a good chance you will hate this to varying degrees . Ultimately you 're going to take away what you bring in . If you are sitting down and expecting some dynamism or even really structure in the final days of a heroin addict and the people who hover around him , you are going to hate this film . There 's no way around that . But if you 're like myself , who missed the whole event when it happened , or you were touched in some way by Kurt 's whole tragic story , it does offer you a kind of emotional connection that you do n't see as often as you should in film . I spent the whole movie wanting to intervene , to just jump in and prevent history . It does a good job of showing you just how inaccessible he was in his isolation there.One final thought
 Disclaimer
 Since Michael Pitt is a very good actor , I take it this portrayal of Kurt Cobain must be very close to the truth - I just did n't realize , All I can say is ... . whoa , man ... . Jim Morrison was tame . In some ways this is a sad tale of yet one more man who saw Life like very few do and I can understand much of his frustration . Mankind is a disease and there 's nothing you can do about this - I can relate to Cobain 's despair ... . I just would n't take myself out . It 's too bad he did - because people listened to him - he was in a position to shed light on the situation and bring attention to it . Like others before him - he opted out too early .
 i love michael pitt and appreciate that i found this movie here to add to my collection . disc in good conditon and delivered promptly = -RRB-
 If you expect Blake to represent Kurt , then you will definitely be disappointed . If you can take `` Last days '' for what it is and nothing else , a tenth or twentieth viewing will still bring forth the extreme beauty of an impeccably coherent structure . A true masterpiece !
 Sit back , tap the green leaf ... and enjoy a slow ride through the last days of a lost soul . I admire Gus Van Sant as an artist because he gives you what he sees ... . not what the masses want to see . I recommend this film only to the few who have wandered to the edge of sanity a time or two to never return .
 Having just finished watching Gus Van Sants Kurt Cobain Biopic `` Last Days '' , I would have to say that the number of bad user reviews for this film is disheartening if not totally expected . Admittedly , this film seeks its support from a small group of intelligent free thinkers with depth of personality . You do n't have to like Nirvana or even know who Kurt Cobain was to appreciate the beauty in falling down . For those of us who have found ourselves walking the line between the loathing of life 's misgivings and the appreciation for the beauty taken for granted , this movie will seem like an old friend.The story line follows the supposed final days of Kurt Cobains life after recently escaping a rehab clinic . You never see the escape but he wears the patient ID bracelet throughout the film . In his disillusionment , he silently reflects on his life and the world around him . Instead of finding the good in his existence , he seeks for the good that will result from his demise . It is often the rational that a suicidal individual uses in order to justify taking their life from the ones who may love them . There is an especially warm scene where a friend -LRB- enter Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth -RRB- , tries to coerce Blake -LRB- K.C. -RRB- out of his home and onto the road that leads to life . Blake quietly refuses , and his friend leaves empty handed . There is n't much dialogue in the film but to say that very little is said throughout the movie is an absolute injustice . The final scene involves paramedics lifting Blake 's body onto a stretcher , only to drop his lifeless shell . Furthermore lending to the common notion of mishandling in the investigation -LRB- if you could call it that -RRB- , following the discovery of his body . While this movie has its motivations and messages , there is something to be taken from it . Life is as fragile as it is powerful . Very nice job Mr. Van Sant . myspace.com/chagrinmusic
 This is filmmaking as poetry , the kind that resonates long LONG after you finish watching/reading/sensing it . Van Sant 's take on Kurt Cobain 's psyche is steeped in anomie , loneliness , and the deep sadness that infuses your being when you have given up , almost completely , on relating to others for any reason at all . Blake -LRB- read
 This film is artistic , more so than most other Van Sant films . By artistic I mean that if you do n't have a great appreciation for film or Kurt Cobain , you probably wo n't understand why most reviews are sooo good.I basically wanted to say that this film reminds me of many Nirvana songs -LRB- mostly Something In The Way -RRB- because despite the pure simplicity , it impacts you in ways you 've never been impacted before . The slow , repetitive nature of Blake compares to that of Kurt 's songs . I think that Van Sant had this in mind while making the film because he uses film techniques that lead the viewer to their imagination which , in the case of this film , leads to pity and admiration.I love the film , but if you saw Elephant or Gerry -LRB- Van Sant 's two films most resembing this one -RRB- and did n't quite like either and you are n't a big fan of Kurt Cobain , you should still see it !
 If you like Gus Van Sant -LRB- I mean beyond Good Will Hunting -RRB- , you 'll probably like this movie . It 's an interesting take on the unknown about one of music 's great influencers . If you 're looking for an explanation about Kurt , this is n't it . Van Sant has a great eye and composes some great shots . Check it out and form your own opinion . Thanks .
 I really liked this movie . Although we may never know what actually happened to Kurt in his last days it was good to see an emotional idea of what may have occurred . This movie is for someone who is familiar with Kurt 's story or it may not make any sense to you at all .
 this movie is jaw dropping and a must see experience . All you people who dont have the patience for this movie are the ones who probably have a.d.d. Most people would feel bored and stuff watching it if they 're fast action movie fans and the guys or girls that listen to heart racing music like that crap band my chemical romance . If your a SMART PERSON and like unique movies , buy this .
 Nothing on Gus Van Zant 's resume suggested he was going to deliver a film as powerful as Last Days , the most captivating roman a clef since Citizen Kane . Last Days presents Van Zant 's sagacious ruminations on the final chapter in the life of pop icon Glenn Hughes , the mustachioed leather enthusiast from The Village People . `` The Village People sparked a turning point in American culture , '' Van Zant explains . `` They taught us to be authentic , to sartorially embrace our inner sense of self . The story I wanted to tell was how one of these mavens reacts when he feels the cold breath of the Grim Reaper on the back of his neck . Did Glenn , for example , say ` You know what , I 've only got a short time left , maybe I wo n't bother with the leather today ' or did he feel an obligation to maintain the persona at the expense of being uncomfortably hot and prickly ? Those are the kind of questions that haunt me . `` The choice to make Hughes the subject of Last Days is intriguing because he was generally thought to be the least charismatic Village Person . `` It 's true , '' chirps Van Zant , `` Frankly , I would have preferred to tell the story of David Hodo -LRB- the construction worker -RRB- or Randy Jones -LRB- the cowboy -RRB- . But the film is about a man 's last days , and for better or worse , Glenn is the only band member thus far to have died . And besides , the steady progress of his cancer gives the movie that ` ticking clock ' that they blather on about in film school . `` Actor Michael Pitt 's portrayal of Hughes rings true , capturing both the humor and pathos of the terminal man without being maudlin . In one scene , the band visits him in the hospital and he immediately lays into the Indian , Felipe -LRB- Lukas Haas , in a performance that announces his readiness for leading man status -RRB- . Hughes needles Felipe for continuing the Native American act even though , `` You 're just another dude outta Brooklyn . '' Felipe argues that he is part Lakota Sioux , a `` Shadow Walker , '' the Native American term for a man who walks in two worlds . `` Have it your way , Chief , '' counters Hughes , as he grabs at his trademark leather pants with ribald gusto , `` You want to shadow walk over here and smoke a peace pipe ? `` Hopefully , Last Days represents a turning point in Van Zant 's career , proof that he finally understands the needs of the audience . He 's always known how to combine quirky characters with a rich tapestry of images . Until now , however , his films have been glaringly bereft of gay men singing and dancing with exuberant joy . It 's one of those imperative elements that they do n't `` blather on '' about in film school . They should .
 I 'm a big Nirvana fan and I was so pissed when I heard about this movie , first of all what the hell was he -LRB- Van Sant -RRB- doing with Psycho !!!!!!! If you say shot for shot , well then make it SHOT FOR SHOT , we do n't need a close up of a damn fly.Anyway ... I went into this film already hating it because of the whole Psycho thing , but when I watched Last Days it was like watching my own thoughts about what was happening those days when Kurt was missing . All the stories and little things I have read were in the movie , it was all put together and it was beautiful . The film really puts you there with Kurt -LRB- Blake -RRB- in the last days of his life . I really enjoyed it . It does seem long yes , but its only 96 min . and may seem pointless in the way it is done but if you are intelligent and have any sense of good filmmaking you would be able to understand what was happening here.I would say if you have any interest in what Kurt may have been going through then you can understand and appreciate this film.Please watch with an open mind .
 This is not a review about the movie , which is one of my favorites of this year , but a complaint that Amazon is selling faulty DVDs without any recourse for the consumer . I carefully opened the packaging , watched the movie without a glitch , however deleted scene 38X was extremely faulty -LRB- sound/picture -RRB- . After trying several times to re-play and clean the disc I resolved to try to return this . Alas , Amazon 's policy does n't permit such an exchange -LRB- note the wording here - not refund -RRB- . CAVEAT EMPTOR !
 Gus Van Sant has some balls making us watch Kurt , I mean Blake , sketchily make cereals * and slip down a banking for an hour . Though I 'm glad this came out before some utter crap pure cheese Kurt movie eventually surfaces.It 's next to impossible for somebody to take off Kurt without coming across as corny . Which may be the reason Blake likes to mumble . One question I have is how the hell did Michael Pitt remember all his lines ???????? How do you remember specific mumbles?Maybe he attached references to them , like the consistency of cheese could be a reminder for one specific mumble . Maybe the lunchtime mumble . Although the time shifts in this movie may make any points of references redundant.All in all this movie is not crap . Which is an achievement . Writing the last , unknown , days of a genius is pretty hard . And Michael Pitt does a far better job at writing Kurt like songs -LRB- Michael actually wrote the songs in the movie -RRB- and playing Kurt than Puddle Of Mudd ever will.To get all the references in the movie to the real deal it helps to be a very big fan of Kurt . Anybody saying this movie is not about him needs to read a book or three . You do n't need to bother yourself with any of Hank Harrisons books though . -LRB- Courtneys father , writes books about his daughter and Kurt because it 's the only line he can go down to make money -RRB- This movie does fall short of including a lot that is Kurt , but in his last days it 's probably comfortable to say that his humour , ultra sharp wit and general character were pretty shot . The first 27 years of his life were a hell of a lot more entertaining than his last few days.The editing and collage-ness art-ness feel of this movie is great . * You may be surprised to learn that this could be considered a spoiler , given this movie 's content . Giving this review a shelf life equal to that of a Sum 41 song . Catch it while you can . This review that is . Not Sum 41 , Gun 's n Roses , Linkin Park , 2 day old story , or whatever those throw away bands are called these days.Nirvana . The last great band . 99 % pure bloated cast in stone over-hyped song writing mechanics with retro pseudo-grunge furnishings since.Pearl Jam are wrong.When you think or , god forbid * hear * , Pearl Jam ... instantly think ... David Hasslehoff .
 O.K. . If you are expecting a thriller , one with action , suspense , thrills , and chills you wont get it here . I personally thought the film was awesome . We will never know what when on in Kurt 's head during his `` Last Days '' , but this movie gives you and idea of what he could have been going through . I liked how Van Sant told the story without much talking at all . He pulled you into Blakes world until the end . If you do n't have an open mind you will not like this movie .
 After watching the gay romantic comedy LATTER DAYS I became intrigued about the Mormon missionaries and googled up this film , with its similar title it might almost be a sequel to LATTER DAYS . In LAST DAYS , the Mormon elders played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Steve Sandvoss in the first film are here replaced by a cute pair of twins , played by Adam and Andy Friberg . They really bring a lot of conviction to the part , and although the residents of the castle do n't respond immediately to their sales talk , they never seem unduly upset . I expect the Mormon pairs who come up to people 's doors on their evangelical mission must get a lot of turndowns , but I wonder if it 's common for the Church officials to assign two brothers -LRB- especially twins -RRB- the same Mission ? Maybe this is Van Sant 's way of saying something about mirroring , the way he was attracted to re-telling the classic Hitchcock film PSYCHO because of its underplot of two sisters , Marion and Vera Crane , with very different personalities , each vying for the same man -LRB- Viggo 's character -RRB- while having to fend off Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates . Anyway this mirroring or `` twin '' aspect of Van Sant 's films has long been a commonplace in the critical response to his work . What I liked about LAST DAYS which , I must admit , was a little disappointing if only because the Mormon content was ultimately only a tiny fraction of what seems like an interminable film , is that , even when the Friberg boys say goodbye , their aura remains throughout the remainder of the project.In one sequence a stoned Michael Pitt , wearing a black slip and looking super hot and girlish , freezes up and then collapses in extremely slow motion . His muscles must still ache having to descend on bent knees at the pace of a snail , it 's a feat even Martha Graham in 1934 might have found difficult , and yet it is a moment of real beauty , reminiscent of the famous sequence in Hitchcock 's TOPAZ when Juanita de Cordoba -LRB- Karin Dor -RRB- is shot by John Vernon in the chest and from the ceiling the camera watches her collapse in her red dress , so that the gown seems to be spreading , like a pool of blood , on the marble floors so that the gown seems to be shedding petals like a flower . It certainly seems as though Blake is dying in this sequence but no , a minute later you see him up and about , carrying a shotgun around , no longer wearing a slip , and in general acting super paranoid . I thought he was going to pull a Columbine , but at heart something of the Mormon message must have taken hold on poor Blake.Many have commented on the significance of his name , `` Blake , '' and its echo of the English romantic artist , poet and visionary of the early 19th century . Like William Blake , LAST DAYS ' Kurt Cobain-like singer-songwriter finds spiritual depth in the slightest interaction of man and nature . He has a deep , perhaps psychotic understanding of the brevity of time and the insustainability of life . As William Blake wrote , O rose , thou art sick!The invisible wormThat flies in the night , In the howling storm , Has found out thy bedOf crimson joy , And his dark secret loveDoes thy life destroy.The song that Michael Pitt -LRB- Blake -RRB- composes , `` From Death to Birth '' reverses this sentiment but uses its same general framework . We remember that Joseph Smith -LRB- b 1805 -RRB- was born in the middle of a great romantic revival not only in this country but abroad , and that the Book of Mormon , `` given to him '' before he was 25 years old , is in some ways the work of a man younger even than Kurt Cobain himself . Nothing is wasted .
 Let 's clarify something ... one , this is supposed to be reviews of the movie , not the merits of two great bands . Second , why in hell a Pearl Jam fan would jump up and say `` Cobain is overrated '' is beyond me ... it makes other Pearl Jam fans look like morons . Both bands have their supporters and their detractors , but no one can take away from the fact that they were both very different , very talented , and only have the `` Seattle stigma '' to connect them . People seem to forget near the end of Cobain 's life that both Cobain and Eddie Vedder had a mutual respect for each other , only able to occur after both of them dropped their pretenses and actually paid attention and learned what the other was really doing . Fans could stand to do the same and make their heroes , dead or alive , proud .
 Finally someone with big enough ones to say Kurt was murdered without , court-ney -LRB- no caps deserved -RRB- being able to sue ! The ending was great . The movie showed how scared he was , just like Tom Grant said he was of courtney -LRB- no caps deserved again -RRB- and he never took that gun or drugs to the green house ! Thanks courtney , you stopped the music forever now!Thank you to Van Sant and Michael Pitt who did a great job !
 This movie has received mixed reviews and I can understand why . Those expecting something similar to `` The Doors '' , `` Sid and Nancy '' or `` 24 Hour Party People '' will be extremely disappointed . However , those expecting nothing at all may actually find themselves intrigued by this stunning piece of `` art on film '' . The film is beautifully shot . The vibrant colors in many scenes contrast the feeling of sadness and loneliness conveyed by the main character , Blake . I was very impressed by this film and it stayed with me for many days after my initial viewing . That is when I realized that `` Last Days '' was not a MOVIE , but rather , a work of art . I know that may sound kind of dumb but it really felt like I had just viewed a painting at an art museum or something . I 've never experienced that before . So I guess the question is
 I have read a lot of the other reader 's reviews , and the reason why they scored this movie so low is not because of Gus Van Sant 's film making abilities , or Michael Pitt 's performance , or any elements of film that were missing , it is because they went into this film expecting to find about more about how and why and if Kurt Cobain was really crazy , if he was mentally ill and committed suicide , or there was some kind of external force.There are still many speculations on how and why he died , there are many books about it , I recommend reading those over seeing this film if those are the reasons for seeing this , but if you are looking for a movie with a great atmosphere , a really powerful movie about isolationism , character development , and overexhaustion of depression , than this film is right for you.Michael Pitt did an amazing performance as Blake , who represents the much acclaimed lead singer of Nirvana , Kurt Cobain , and he isolates himself in the outhouse of his own home , while people are trying to find him and question his random disappearence , just as his band is starting to hit it big . He is wrapped up in his own problems , and he has not only cut himself from society , but locked himself in his own world , and his own music . This movie is very slow , and all of the characters are fictional representations of real people , but the directing in the movie was top notch . The same director of Good Will Hunting , Gus Van Sant , and he gives you this very gloomy and ominous atmosphere throughout the whole movie . He hints out it the whole time.There was once scene where the TV was on , and you could see recorded footage of what happened the day Cobain shot himself . Another scene had some guy tell this ` fictional story ' to this other guy , which was really the story of Cobain . Little touches here any there not only embrace the person watching , but nudges them on to inevitable show you what happened.If you 're into good film , this is a great choice . Nirvana fans MAY or MAY NOT be disappointed with the film , but unless all you watch are shallow films , this film is phenominal .
 This is what death looks , feels and sounds like . `` Last Days '' is one long , silent scream for help , that goes unheard until it 's too late . The sound and cinematography are pristine and beautiful and the pacing may seem slow but is painfully realistic in it 's depiction of sadness , isolation and the loss of one 's life force -LRB- or the dispersal of his chi as Ray Manzarek would put it -RRB- and will linger with the viewer for a long time . Kim Gordon makes a brief but memorable cameo as a record exec. , and makes a final futile attempt at drawing Blake out of himself only to leave away empty handed . The scenes of Blake composing and recording his final music are the most telling and hypnotic , they lend the film it 's greatest sense of sadness and insanity.Deeply depressing , wonderfully acted , filmed and framed like a fine painting and touching to even the most jaded viewer , `` Last Days '' is an elegaic masterpiece that may bore most people , but is impossible to stop thinking about once you 've experienced it.One of the greatest ` rock movies ' ever made .
 For all intents , a fictionalized version of the last days of Kurt Cobain . Gus Van Sant allows us to follow and see just what might have gone on in the final hours of the grunge icon . Now , it 's not the most exciting movie you 'll ever see , and you do n't hear him say `` Do n't play with that Courtney , it 's loaded , '' but you do get a feeling as to why he might have ended up the way he did . I enjoy these types of movies -LRB- Elephant is similar in the style it was shot -RRB- , and Van Sant may well be the great American director right now.Highest rating .
 if you like Nirvana , i think you 'll love this movie . . it does n't need a lot of dialogue to get into what the director is trying to inspire via the cinematography ... i read the review of someone who said that `` Kurt was n't that boring in his life '' ... i guess he maybe meet him , but from what i read and what i saw in interviews he definitely was n't flamboyant like let 's say Jim Morrison . . the sequence were Kurt is composing a song is a masterpiece in my opinion . . just starting from nothing and getting somewhere were i hope Kurt would had taken us in the future if he would have been allowed to live . . the circumstances of his death are dubious to say the list . . and books like `` who killed Kurt Cobain '' are there to get your own conclusions ... anyway great movie . . i wish someone will make one about the start of Nirvana . . something like `` the Doors '' of Oliver Stone fame . . and it has to be a fan , the director
 After just seeing `` Last Days '' , I wondered just what it was I saw . After googling `` Kurt Cobain '' , it all became clear . Having no experience with `` Grunge '' music -LRB- of which there were examples in the film -RRB- , I did n't know what Cobain 's influence was , nor his popularity among the devotees of that particular style of music . `` Last Days '' is the sad final goodbye of this enigmatic young man . It is doubly sad that he used drugs to blunt the depression he felt at how his life was `` progressing '' at that point.Gus Van Sant 's treatment of the film is reminiscent of `` Elephant '' . Little dialog , and long shots , maybe too long , to tell a story . After his disastrous attempt at remaking `` Psycho '' , it comes as no surprise he would change -LRB- permanently ? -RRB- his cinematic style . Personally , I like the way he 's doing things now . `` Last Days '' came across somewhat atmospheric and surreal.I found the visits by the two men spreading their religion and the advertising salesman very funny . They dove ahead , oblivious to the indifference that was staring them in the face . Conversely , Blake 's -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- absolute abhorrence for doing anything to further his career just underscores his drive to do what ultimately killed him . Very sad.All the performances were very good , and I happen to be a fan of Michael Pitt . This young man has come a long way in a very short time . I look forward to any film he happens to be in , just to see how he stretches himself . That his dialog consisted of nothing more than mumbling , is in itself a feat . Try doing that for an hour or two . I dare you . It 's not as easy as one would think , and Pitt had to do it for DAYS.All tolled , `` Last Days '' is a very well done film by Van Sant , maybe not his best , but up there !
 Being a big fan of kurt cobain , and the legacy of Nirvana itself , i was very skeptical about this film.to be quite honest , i 've never heard of it before , i just saw it by accident on TV on a friday night.well , let me tell you a few things about it.first of all , NO ONE could play this role , other than Michael Pitt . in this film , pitt became cobain , he was him , and even SOUNDED like him ... its amazing ! the things is , cobain 's face were much more raw and rough , while pitt is infact a pretty boy , full lips , soft eyes ... so , here comes the brilliancy of this film , his face are actually hardly shown to us throughout the entire film . we see his posture , hear his silent low voice , his bent shoulders , the way he does his hair , wear his clothes -LRB- too many layers -RRB- , the way he walks ... and we BELIEVE its authentity . we see and feel Kurt Cobain in this BLAKE guy , the one in the movie.second thing is , the photography is BRILLAINT , and beautiful . blake is being swallowed by all that nature surrounding him , the big space of the house , looks so cold and dirty , while the camera often lingers on his lonely moments of a pause in time , a reccess from life , in fact.however , while the story line is based on true events , the characters that blake 's surrounded by , are fiction , so as some of the events in the film . its probably not so far from reality though , and we realise those people are there only to fill in the void . the story thats being told here , is kurt 's last days at his house , after escaping reharb , away from his daughter and his wife , away from his band mates and celeb life , away from all of it . he is shuttered , he is alone but not lonely , because he NEEDS no one in this days , but being alone . he is away with his mind , dissconnected , unattached.thats the true story here , and everything around it really doesnt matter.This are the last days of kurt cobain . its not an action feature . people who can not appriciate art , will not like this film.nothing much happens here . blake walks around the house , blacks out , wearing dresses -LRB- courtney 's ? ... -RRB- , mumbling things when is talked to , or avoiding any conversation at all , hiding ... untill his death .
 Very artsy . If you 've seen other gus vant sants movies such as `` elephant '' and enjoyed it than you would probably enjoy this as well . Also if you have a thing for all things kurt cobain you might enjoy this film . If you want to stare at the TV and laugh mindlessly at fart jokes do n't watch this movie or your brain will most likely explode .
 A few weeks ago I had an interesting experience . Trying to escape my family , I decide to spend the afternoon at the theater , catching up on some of the movies I 've missed so far this summer . I began with Mr. and Mrs. Smith , the Brad Pitt-Angelia Jolie action/comedy , and followed that up with Gus Van Sant 's latest , Last Days . Smith had shoot-outs , car chases and fight sequences galore while in Last Days , well , nothing much seemed to happen . Yet one film had me bored to tears -LRB- literally ! -RRB- , while the other kept me riveted to my seat . Want to guess which is which?If you do n't know the answer , I suggest a little experiment . Rent both films when they 're released on DVD -LRB- Last Days comes out the 25th of October -RRB- and just try sitting through the inane , incoherent Mr. and Mrs. Smith after having just watched what I consider to be the best film of the year so far . That being said , though , I strongly recommend seeing Last Days on the big screen . So much of my appreciation of this film comes from it 's photography as Blake , a thinly disguised version of Kurt Cobain -LRB- played by Michael Pitt -RRB- , is swallowed up by the vast , empty space all around him . This is a film about isolation , mood , setting , not story , and that 's just what 's conveyed in it 's telling.Now as anyone familiar with Van Sant 's work is sure to tell you , his interest in linear film-making has been waning in recent years , a welcome respite after his two most ` mainstream ' films -LRB- Good Will Hunting and Finding Forrester -RRB- failed to live up to the potential of his previous career best , 1991 's My Own Private Idaho . And with Last Days , he 's finally made his masterpiece , a film for which his two prior efforts are likely to be remembered as dry runs and little more . And as unjust as that may be , you can clearly see a progression from Gerry , a good film , to Elephant , a very good film , to Last Days , a great one and his career pinnacle , much the way as Kurosawa used Kagemusha as a tune up for Ran.The story , in case you 're unfamiliar with Cobain 's life -LRB- as I was prior to seeing this movie -RRB- , follows a young musician who , after having recently escaped a stint in re-hab , spends his last days wondering his palatial estate , cooking macaroni and cheese , avoiding his hanger-on ` friends , ' and composing lonely , morose songs that cling to your memory long after the movie has ended . It 's in these scenes that Pitt , a singer himself , proves that he was the ONLY choice for the role . Often under-appreciated -LRB- in The Dreamers and Hedwig & the Angry Inch -RRB- or overshadowed -LRB- particularly by Ryan Gosling 's tour-de-force performance in Murder by Numbers -RRB- , Pitt 's finally allowed to shoulder a feature film and proves himself worthy of comparisons to James Dean and River Phoenix.If you 're skeptical of that statement , just watch the way Pitt is able to convey so much through body posturing alone . His eyes obscured behind his greasy , golden locks for much of the film -LRB- with the exception of one particular scene where he 's allowed to stare into the camera for seemingly an eternity -RRB- , and his dialogue reduced to little more than incoherent mumbling , he still somehow manages to let us into the soul of the character . He 's on screen for almost the entirety of the film and rarely shares a scene with any of his co-stars , but despite all these obstacles is still able to flesh out one of the best performances of this or any other year.Of course , much hinges on your opinion of Cobain and his music , though you need n't been a Nirvana junkie to appreciate it . In fact , it was n't until after seeing this movie that I bought my first CD of his , and in the few weeks since I 've managed to consume almost a half dozen books on his life . It takes a rare movie to provoke such an insatiable curiosity in me , an experience which makes this film -LRB- oddly enough -RRB- incredibly life-affairing .
 I did n't expect to like this film given the plethora of bad reviews and held off watching it for a while . During the opening sequence where ` Kurt ' -LRB- let 's not pretend he 's meant to be anyone else -RRB- staggers inexplicably through the woods I started to have my doubts but was n't too concerned given I had readied myself for a potential dud . Yet as the film film progressed I became less and less concerned with the reasoning behind the unfolding events and started to simply ` feel ' the tone of the film and where GVS was coming from in his interpretation of a modern tragedy.Essentially the only narrative in this film is that Cobain -LRB- given the name Blake in this -RRB- had left this earth before he pulled the trigger , it does n't seek to document the potential real life sequence of events , it is simply a rumination and in my view a beautifully realised one to the point where I considered it a work of art.If you are n't interested or indifferent to Cobain then I 'm not sure how you could enjoy this film because it demands a great degree of understanding and reverance for it 's subject in order to appreciate what Van Sant is trying to communicate with it . The sequences are long , mostly without dialogue and with very minimal action involved -LRB- though beautifully shot -RRB- ; perhaps that was one of the reasons I enjoyed it so much , it was so different from the normal ` busy ' style of most film and television.I can only speak for myself in saying that had I listened to the naysayers and avoided it altogether I would have deprived myself of a great film experience .
 Much has been made of this film 's minimalist and experimentalist style . At first glance , this is a horrible film . Really . The film 's main character , Blake , a thinly-veiled interpretation of Kurt Cobain in his last days , does n't do much of anything for the entire 96 minute running time . He mumbles imcomprehensibly at least 90 % of the time , and the supporting cast might as well not say anything at all , because the viewer has n't a clue what they 're talking about . The film is drab , boring , and painful to sit through.But so is addiction . So is living a life completely devoid of joy and connection with other human beings . So is feeling completely isolated from any human contact . So is dying from the inside out . In portraying these states , this film has a lot to say.If you 've already seen the film and are wondering why you do n't understand Blake , do n't worry . You 're not meant to . The brilliance of this film is that it refuses to explain or justify a life of addiction , but rather shows you what it 's really like . It 's misery . It 's isolation . It 's entrapment , both in the mental and physical sense . And , in every way , it 's mind-numbing . Whether you 've seen this film or are planning to , it 's important that you know what you 're getting yourself into . If you 're looking for entertainment or any sort of Kurt Cobain biopic , you 're wasting your time . However , if you want to gain some insight into the life and death of an addict , sans all Hollywood distortions or glorifications , you 've found the perfect film . This film is honest , and honesty is not often entertaining . But it 's real , and that 's something one can almost never say about films dealing with addiction .
 Without doubt this is one if the best productions I have ever had the pleasure of watching and listening to . It 's one of those you find yourself playing over and over in your head long after it ends . Extremely entertaining and full of energy . It is classified as `` classical '' but I think it goes much further than that . Some classical compositions are dry , but not this , no way . Very talented , and masters of presentation . You wo n't waste your money with this DVD .
 There is a tendency to write of the musicians of bond as fluff because they are provocative in the way they dress.Like most young people these girls are aware of their sexuality but what I hear in the music is professionals who take their music very seriously.I often listen to this DVD at work and when I ca n't watch the concert I run the program in the background while I have something else on the screen and I enjoy the performance just as much.A definite recommend !
 A couple of years ago , I discovered the DVD `` Yanni - Live at the acropolis '' , a DVD that I really enjoyed . I decided to do a google search on the terms `` as good as Yannni '' , and found Bond . While I do not think that they are the equal of Yanni , they are very good in their own right , and very versatile . If you like strings with a little edge , this one meets the bill .
 Another outstanding DVD production . This one filled with more music , but the lighting for the finale is poor . Great buy !
 this is great for die-hard bond fans . i have been a fan since 2000 or 2001 and i love this dvd .
 I watched this DVD after I was already addicted to Bond 's music so I knew the songs and how they would sound . Bond is a fantastic group , way surpassing the like of Vanessa Mae , but there were a few problems with the DVD .1 . The concert was good , but for the Albert Hall the acoustics were terrible , at some points it is very hard to hear the girls at all .2 . It is obvious that the cameramen were not string players . As a violinist I love watching Hayley and in her supreme performance of Korobushka the camera is directed almost solely on her face and the movement of the bow . Now Hayley is a pretty girl , but I wanted to see her hands move !! It was frustrating to know that her fingers were moving a hundred times to the second and I could n't see a thing !!! 3 . Someone mentioned in an earlier review about the weird looks on Hayley 's face - well to answer that . You try playing those pieces at that speed and try not pulling a face !!! * LOL * As a whole , I LOVE this DVD . As a first go , its excellent and I 've lost count of the number of times I 've watched it . I had to import it to Australia and believe me it was well worth the cost.As a note to fans new to Bond , if you have n't listened to their CDs especially Born , I would recommend doing so before watching the DVD to get the most out of it.Happy listening !
 Exciting music , classical yet rock and alternative with a hint of ethnicity ! So much to listen for ... . and the costumes were sleek and eye catching . Watching them perform on stage is so much fun and they 're so energetic ! WoW .
 I thought they were outstanding in their musical ability and -LRB- naturally -RRB- their on-stage presence . Not the greatest concert or entertainment dvd , but it 's early for them , so they should get better . But it was a lot of fun to watch and get into the music , and what else do you want ?
 This DVD showcases Bonds unique musical talents . Their performance was flawless and electrifying . Bond is absolutely amazing !
 Okay , I 'll admit that Bond 's not the self-inclusive symphony that it has been hyped by the record label as . However , anyone who says that their ` Coyote Ugly ' - esque costumes are the evidence that Bond ` is n't about making classical music cool , it 's about sex ' do n't know too many 24-year-old women . My credentials in this area come from two sources
 As I sit here listening to their performance on my laptop , I 'm struck with the performers ' joy and exuberance . Too often I see an emotionless performer on stage giving a short bow or nod to the applause of the audience . Do I usually see performers glancing at each other in sheer enjoyment ? Not likely!I read the other reviews on this site and noted that one reviewer put them down as being amateurish . Perhaps naive?And do n't I love that about them ? They 're having fun . They 're working hard . They 're wearing their expressions on their faces ... their hearts on their sleeves , as it were . And is n't that a good thing ? Does n't it touch our hearts?I get tired of hackneyed performers that are on stage solely for the money and could care less about it . Show me the money , they say!I think we 'll see this band of performers on larger stages and will look back at this DVD with great appreciation as one of their early works.This is a group that brings joy to the stage and to its listeners . Have fun listening to -LRB- and watching -RRB- them!Ned Hunened1@aol.com
 Forget everything you have heard , or not heard about this namd . It means nothing . Yes , these girls were thrown off the classical charts . Yes , the infuce dance beats into classical music . These are things that people already know about the group.What you might not know , is that these girls can play very well . Haylie and Eos play first and second violin without completing , which is often found in such quartets . Tania provides great sound from the Viola , and Gay-Yee Westerhoff 's cello performance is spectacular.I am a huge fan of string insturments . Mostly I have listened to Yo-Yo Ma and Vanessa Mae , but this group has put together a performance that rivals either of the former . You can say that it is because they are attractive women . And yes that is why I first started watching them . But that can only take you so far with me . After about two-three minutes you have to prove that you have talent to keep my intrest . These girls have that talent . They are a joy to listen to , and even greater joy to see live .
 I had hoped that the live performance of Bond would be released on video and DVD . Now , it is here . Superb performance . A must see for any Bond fan !
 This DVD is a surprise , I have never heard of bond till 2 weeks ago . I was in my local home theater store and caught them on one of the screening rooms . The music was upbeat , the girls looks great but what caught my eye were the emotions flowing thru . it looks like they are having the time of their life.This is so refreshing since what you get from most live performance from established performer is an act . A show put together by expert structured to get the audience emotionally involve , with perfectly timed high and low point . To see a group that 's actually having great fun on stage was so unique that I have to ask the sales person who they are and bought a copy of the DVD on the spot.I have since picked up the Japanese import for Born and I would say the DVD is much better . The background music on the CD was much more pronounced and was actually overshadowing the string instruments on some tracks . The concert performance has clean up some of the arrangement and move the string instruments back to stage front . I still enjoy the CD but I 'm hoping that they will release the concert on audio CD.In conclusion , If you know bond and like their CD , the DVD is a must buy . If you were like me and have never heard of them before . give the DVD a try .
 I 'm over 40 , but this is the kind of video that lets me understand why teenagers are drawn to MTV . It hits my demographic with a sledgehammer . The music is great , juiced up classical music played by talented , classically trained artists that just happen to be beautiful .
 Even though I thought the Spice Girls were a blast , I was hoping Bond would NOT turn out to be a new-age/classical-goes-Top -40 reincarnation -LRB- not having heard the CD , this disc is my true introduction to these artists -RRB- . The quartet may have been assembled by someone with dollar signs in mind , but no matter
 As Haylie says in the concert , `` This is the very first live performance ever '' . Being a fan of Bond 's , I love the music . To see the music being played visually by the 4 members of the classically-trained quartet , was amazing . It 's always nice to see the people behind the sounds of the music , and in the case of Bond , not bad at all.The DVD features tracks from their first album , `` Born '' , `` Dallas '' , and a mix of `` Victory '' . The DVD itself has some extras , one music video of `` Wintersun '' and another of a performance of `` Viva -LSB- Orion Mix -RSB- '' . There is also an inteviews with the members of Bond , and even a short 10 question quiz . Answering correctly on all questions unlocks a video of `` Victory '' and their stay in Cuba where they had taped the music video for `` Victory '' . The questions themselves are not hard to answer , if you make a mistake you can always re-take the quiz . It has the same questions again.The actual concert was quite a drag in sense of excitement , visuals , performance , and prescence . The girls walk around and dance when they are not playing their instruments , I do n't think having an actual dance choregraphy would have helped either sides . It was understandable that they would remain rigid and still to play their instruments . The girls played their songs back to back . . there was no real scene changes or clothes changes . The stage itself did n't lend much help as the lighting was simple and the stage itself , very small and bare . The one thing I liked about the concert was that it was truly live . . there was a small group of people playing in the background , with the band consisting of a guitar , bass , drums , percussions , and a keyboard/mixer . In between songs however , one of the girls would say something about the concert or say something about themselves . Gay-Yee introduced the members of the band , though I thought that was unneccesary . After all , do they introduce the characters in a play mid-way ? They could have kept the mood going , without interruptions . It was basically just song after song that were played . . `` Duel '' was interesting to watch as Haylie and Eos `` dueled '' with their instruments while they played . `` Victory '' and after that was `` Victory -LRB- Carnival Mix -RRB- '' which I did not notice a difference between the two songs . During the Carnival Mix , a bunch of dancers come out , clowns come , lights go crazy . . it 's pretty bland . Their attempt at making that songs `` carnival-like '' and more `` fun '' . It was awesome to see Bond actually perform live . . but the performance lacked so much . As they are going on tour in the U.S. of the summer of 2004 . . I hope they improve greatly on the performance itself , because the music , especially their new album , `` Classified '' does not need any work , and never had .
 I went into an electronics store to get something and on the way out I caught notice of a big screen TV playing a live performance . I watched for 20 minutes and decided I must have the DVD . I 've watched the whole thing once and a couple of tracks many times . Outstanding ! There 's no other word to describe it . It 's four very beautiful , talented young women doing what they enjoy most . By the time you 've gone 10 minutes into the DVD you 'll realize this . These girls are really having fun ! I hope they do another soon.Included on this DVD are two videos they 've done . The first , `` Viva '' contains enough energy to launch a rocket ! I never knew a string quartet could sound -LRB- or look -RRB- so good .
 I finally got around to renting Bond 's dvd `` Live at the Royal Albert Hall '' . I have been a big fan of the classical/pop quartet for almost five years now . I unfortunately had other prior engagments around the time of their concert last year and had to miss seeing them live so I had to see what they were like live -LRB- sort of -RRB- . Their performance at the Royal Albert Hall was their debut live performance back in 2001 . I will start with the two flaws I found with the dvd . The production on the dvd sounded awfully like the music came from the studio as opposed to a live performance . In other words , the allegedly live dvd did not exactly sound ` live ' per say . This cheapens the band 's reputation as a band if the performance dvd sounds much too polished . The second flaw with the dvd is that I could not tell if I was hearing the girls play their stringed instruments of if that was the orchestra . Including other musicians playing stringed instruments drowned out the girls ' playing.With that aside , I found the performance engergetic and invigorating unlike a lot of rock bands nowadays . The girls showed a lot of enthusiasm towards performing which I do n't see in a lot of rock bands today who just stand there on the stage and play their bloody instruments . I just loved how excited the girls were to be performing live . A lot of rock bands today could learn a thing or two about showing a little more enthusiasm towards performing from them.I loved all of the songs but I especially loved the band 's cover of the `` Dallas '' theme song . I wished that was included on any of their albums . It had that huge epic sound that I have always loved . My other favorite song they performed was the sweeping ballad `` Belladonna '' . Just a beautiful song.The bonus footage was pretty minimal . I liked the interviews and the two videos for `` Viva '' and `` Wintersun '' . What no `` Victory '' ? If and when the band puts out another live dvd , I sure hope the sound quality is more convincing that what I heard on this dvd . All in all , I did enjoy this dvd despite its flaws .
 The problem with musicians looking good is we underestimate their true talents - we tend to focus on the form not the substance . The Bond obviously has both . My misgivings on their real talents totally vanished in Korobushka ; without the din of the drums and the orchestra , it was amazing to see their individual talents showcased in cascading display of violins , viola and cello virtuosity . But aside from being superb technicians , this group also flashes creativity in composing some of their music - Gay-yee 's Kismet and Eos ' Bella Donna are hauntingly exquisite . Before Bond , I never realized that a `` String Quartet '' could be that exciting .
 Overall , I find this DVD quite enjoyable as `` the Duel '' , `` dallas '' , `` bond theme '' `` alexander the great '' and `` victory '' simply blew me away . However , at the same time , their other compositions do n't quite work for me , as they were over-orchestrated . It is overall interesting though , as the four violinists are very talented .
 I took a chance in buying this DVD . Good that I did because it is awesome ! This DVD shows Bond 's debut performance at The Royal Albert Hall in London . It has many tracks from the great start or QUIXOTE to DALLAS to VICTORY at the end . My definate favourite performance is KOROBUSHKO which has an acoustic set and KISMET which is haunting . The DVD has a fair bit of extras including the WINTERSUN video and another performance of VIVA ! at a different concert . The sound is absolutely spectacular and so is the visuals . There are only a few let down such as the everchanging camera angles in BELLA DONNA -LRB- I almost got dizzy ! -RRB- and having to take a quiz everytime to see the VICTORY video and the interview of Bond in Cuba . The quiz is good but never changes and 10 questions gets boring after the 2nd time . The weblink for the website and ringtone is excellent . The gallery really is not good but it is just a slight worry . The great venue lightens the performance up , this afterall is one of my favourite concert DVDs . Highly Recommended .
 I heard about BOND with my nephew and I fall in love with these group ! They bond to my heart and my fascination of violin music . This is a new concept in violin performance . I recommend this DVD , because you can enjoy music and see the passion of the performance of these girls . I buy a new violin . My children see it and play with them the violin , dance and sing . I am going to buy other BOND presentation . It is a good choice.Vivian
 The editorial is perfectly correct . Watching four beautiful musicians gyrate to classical music with a rock beat is absolutely amazing . Turn off the TV , however , and the experience is merely mediocre .
 Ever since I started playing the violin , people were raving about this orchestra band called Bond . I borrowed my friend Paulina 's DVD of the Royal Albert Hall concert and I loved every minute of it . I recommend this to the people who love violin and would enjoy watching the girls play electric orchestra instruments .
 First , the music here is first rate . As musicians , they 've clearly done their homework . So I give it a high rating because the musicianship is so accomplished . However , as performers , they seemed like what they are -LRB- as I discovered from watching the bonus material -RRB-
 What 's not to love ? Four beautiful women playing beautiful music ! My only criticism is that it 's way too short , but I 'd imagine they 'll be coming out with a new DVD soon , which I 'd definitely buy !
 Excellent concert and great as background music , girls lack a little ` showman ship ' re interaction with audience , but this is made up for with the brilliant music .
 I like it but the region of dvd is diferent of my blue-ray player so is a dificult for me .
 Thank you for the speedy transaction in getting this to me . We truly enjoy watching them in this video . They are truly the best .
 Good quality of music and great show . Lively modern mix of classical and rock music . If you like electrified classical music you will like this .
 Thes ladies are amazing . I like a few classical pieces , and even fewer techno groups , but these girls combine the two into another genre , and it is great ! The fact that they are all so cute is n't a detriment -LRB- my favorite is the cellist -RRB- , but they are so skilled on their instruments and really enjoy playing and on videos , it 's very obvious . I look forward to their future releases and hope that they will perform here .
 this dvd is so much fun to watch and listen to . these four women can real play and really move . I wish they would make more videos like this one .
 All I can say is WOW ! I wish these ladies were around when I was first getting into music as a child . They are a real inspiration to my daughter . Their music is awesome and I ca n't wait for Haylee to get back in there with them .
 The music goes from melodramatic to exciting . The performance is interesting . The four lady musicians are attractive . The DVD is a beautiful picture . What else can you ask for?The only bad thing is most of the time the sound from the instruments of the 4 ladies is drowned out by background music.Still , they do make classical music sound exciting , and contemporary .
 Although I ca n't place my finger on it , I feel it lacked something for me to give it a five star rating . The concert was entertaining . The ladies are extremely sexy and talented . If you like this style of music or this group , I would still recommend it .
 I cought the concert on some very high numbered cable channel . I was so impressed I bought the DVD . This is the most origional idea I 've seen in years . Its a cross between Enigma , Petshop Boys , Alan Parsons , ELO , and a conductor on crack . The song Winter is my favorite to date . I predict you find Bond music playing in the background of TV commercials very soon . Seeing them perform is 50 % of the show . Just listening will suffice if you have the memory of them performing . Download `` Winter '' or `` Duel '' to get an idea of the pure talent of BOND .
 4 gorgeous , classicaly trained girls mix classic with pop on string instruments with backing from a small rock combo.The performance at Albert Hall goes from movie/TV themes -LRB- James Bond , Dallas -RRB- to classical music -LRB- Tchaikovski 's 1812 -RRB- and to the great ending with a carnaval style performance of Victory.My favourite piece from this album is Korobushka.Take 4 talented , good-looking and sexy girls , add catchy tunes and you have great enertainment.The sound and picture are very good , and you get some extra 's - pictures , interviews and 2 video 's -LRB- one of Victory , but only after you go through a quiz -RRB- . If you want to know why I gave it only 4 stars-it 's because it 's very good entertainment but not great art -LRB- after all it 's classified as classical music DVD -RRB- .
 This is different , and a nice treat for the eyes and the ears , particularly if you are a man who enjoys a pretty woman 's face . `` Bond '' is a group of four attractive British female violinists who are talented enough to give a performance at the prestigious Royal Albert Hall in London . This was filmed in a September , 2000 , concert.The girls play up their looks by wearing skimpy clothes , which is a little odd for violin and viola players , but who 's complaining ? One plays the cello , too.As colorful as the women and the sets are , the attraction is still what it should be
 Bond - Live at the Royal AlbertDVD is a my very good collection .
 This is how classical music should be from now on and exactly how Mozart would 've loved it .
 These women ROCK ! This is a wonderful performance by 4 very talented string musicians . It is impossible to watch this video and not start dancing , or at the least , tapping your feet . I enjoy watching it while I 'm cooking -- really gets me in a festive mood . Highly recommend it if you enjoy up-tempo , contemporary music .
 I thoroughly enjoyed watching and listening to these talented , vibrant musicians . This is such a sweet version of classical music . I ca n't wait until another DVD of this sort is released .
 Walked into Fry 's Fountain Valley , CA and saw the performance on big screen . Astounding ! I stood there for the next few repeat performances of Victory . The stack of DVDs next to the screen was reduced to the last one so I grabbed that one . A few days later I played the concert at home in full and a few days later watched the 2 bonus tracks.These girls are all accomplished musicians ; they all have degrees in music . See http://www.deccaclassics.com/artists/bond/biog.aspFrom what I 've been reading on the net Gay-yee Westerhoff and Eos started it all when they got fed up with working backup for other groups.My honest opinion ? They are gifted , educated , beautiful , high-energy and will contribute much to musical entertainment . I ca n't wait to see them live in a concert and I usually do n't like concerts because they are boring , but I will most definitely want to see Bond.Here is a bonus video on their website : http://www.deccaclassics.com/artists/bond/biog.aspLook for the Dec 2 , 2003 item under Bond News . That video is great ! Anyone know where I can get the Japanese DVD version?One minor gripe -- why did they pick the name `` Bond ? '' Searching is a royal pain cuz James Bond shows up a lot on Google and Ebay : -RRB-
 As musicians , Bond really stands out , even on this DVD , but as show-women , they need a lot of work . Haylie quickly became annoying as the spotlight hog . And as a group , they did n't do much in the way of actual `` entertaining '' . They simpy played their music . It may possible that it was planned that way ... consider the British audience ... but if that was the case , they should have recorded some other performance for release on DVD . In short , if you are a fan of Bond , you will want this , but do n't expect too much from it .
 I really enjoyed this ! It is a great concert . The girls are very talented and seem to be having fun . The audio and video quality are top notch . Check it out !
 I am in love with Haylie , the lead violinist . She 's the cutest fiddler you 'll ever see . And she plays as good as she looks ! In fact , they all do.I discovered Bond through listening to Vanessa Mae , who was also produced by Mike Batt early on in her career . Batt has been able to tap into something with these artists to make them a commercial success . It 's a blending of classical and pop , culture and curves , high brow and vegas , bach and buttocks -LRB- get the idea ? -RRB- . The essential ingredients are 1 -RRB- talent and 2 -RRB- looks . Both Mae and Bond qualify , although the talent part is always going to be debated by the classical purists.In this DVD you get a good sense of what Bond is all about . The video and audio are excellent , except for the times when the members are speaking to the audience and it sounds like you 're listening from the backstage area . The performances are good , although like the other reviewer one wonders if there is n't some syncing going on . There are bonuses as well , with videos and interviews of Bond which I enjoyed.The problem with this DVD is that it 's a bit overdone . A little butt-shaking is fine , but an hour of it can get old , even with Haylie . The final number -LRB- Victory Reprise -RRB- has dancers and musicians all over the stage in a frenzied free-for-all . Vanessa Mae 's perfomance at the Royal Albert Hall was a much more balanced approach in my opinion . Unlike Bond she played a few classical pieces . It would have been great to see them play a couple of classical quartet pieces to showcase their classical skills and counter the discolike pieces during the rest of the performance . Hopefully Bond will be able to capture that balance in the future .
 David O. Selznick 's 1937 production of A STAR IS BORN was a re-working of 1932 's WHAT PRICE HOLLYWOOD , and was remade in 1954 as a semi-musical with Judy Garland and James Mason . I 've always preferred the '37 Janet Gaynor/Fredric March version as the best handling of the tragic story about the happiness and heartbreak that go hand in hand with fame and fortune as a wife 's acting career takes to the heights , while her alcoholic husband 's takes a nosedive.Directed by the always dependable William Wellman , A STAR IS BORN definitely tugs at the heartstrings but does it without being saccharine . As many times as I 've seen it , it never fails to stir my emotions thanks to the excellent , truthful performances of both Gaynor and March , and Max Steiner 's poignant music score . The film also authentically depicts Hollywood in that era ; the machinery that went behind the tinsel , and the sometimes ruthless treatment the stars had to endure from the studios and public alike.Kino 's Blu-ray is a noticeable improvement over the previous DVD Image release , having been mastered from an original 35mm nitrate print from George Eastman House . I compared both versions , and the color saturation of the Blu-ray is much richer than the DVD , and the picture is clear and sharp without any digital ghosting . The print has cue-marks and some wear , but still looks like actual film in 1080p resolution , which is something the previous DVD does n't fully replicate . The extras are nothing special
 Today , the plot line `` beautiful young rural girl moves to Hollywood to seek fame and fortune '' is incredibly cliche . But it was n't when A Star is Born was released in 1937 . This classic gem earned 7 Oscars and inspired two remakes -LRB- in descending order of dislike
 Everytime I see this movie , I think of Vickie Lester -LRB- Janet Gaynor -RRB- pluckily saying ` this is Mrs. Norman Maine ' as her eyes are moist with tears . What a trouper!While I like the 1954 version of this movie with Judy Garland as Vickie which is a dramusical , I really have a soft spot for this version . Gaynor is oddly endearing as Vickie blending navet&eacute; with a wide eyed wonderment as she traverses a tight rope to fame and fortune and falls in love with Norman Maine -LRB- Frederick March -RRB- . As their paths converge , Norman 's career is in freefall from the excesses of film success . He 's bleary eyed and starting to look his age as his handsome face belies too much booze , too many late nights , and probably too many one night stands . The movie parts are getting stale and repetitive and movie audiences are reacting to the new and younger actors . Vickie , fresh off the train from the snowy midwest , is fresh and innocent and naive enough to believe she can crash into the movies just because she 's always wanted too . Under Norman 's wing , Vickie is prepped to become an actress while Norman is slammed by an antagonistic press agent named Libby and presented with the unfortunate realities of plummeting box office revenues for his films by studio head Charles Bickford . As the dynamic changes in their careers , Norman drowns his sorrows , goes into rehab , and starts feeling helpless while Vickie struggles mightily to support him . Added to the cast is Vickie 's quirkily adorable grandmother played by May Robson who injects some of humor in her scenes.Done in early technicolor . The general effect is a little jarring since the color is extreme in the sense that it does n't look natural ; I get so wrapped up in the story that I forget about it.in the end this is a well-scripted film that has some good performances and reflects the production values of producer David L. Selznick .
 I just heard about the upcoming February 7 , 2012 Kino release of the 1937 A STAR IS BORN . My wife and I have always loved this version -LRB- Of course , the 1954 version with Judy Garland and James Mason is also excellent ! -RRB- . I 'm giving this upcoming release 5 Stars , sight unseen , based on the assumption that it will be even better looking than the earlier 2001 release , which was made from the same , original 35mm nitrate print authorized by the Estate Of David O ' Selznick , as this one is an HD transfer ! We 're not talking about ragged Public Domain Transfers here , folks!As for the film itself , I think one thing that gets overlooked these days is the solid casting , and I 'm not just talking about the two main leads , Janet Gaynor and Frederic March , as great as they are . Some of the biggest supporting players fro the thirties are in this film . I found Andy Devine and Edgar Kennedy to be quite good in their supporting roles . With the then celebrated actress May Robson -LRB- Best known for 1933 's LADY FOR A DAY -RRB- , and of course , Adolph Menjou , you simply ca n't go wrong !
 I adore this movie ! The actors are phenominal the story is incredible , I do n't have a bad thing to say about it . Simply the best telling of this story ever !
 ... Somewhat dated and a little syrupy but if you like to be entertained the Gaynor/March original is superior to the remakes with Garland/Mason and Streisand/Kristophern .
 The historical 1937 film A STAR IS BORN has remained a classic for many many years . This film 's merits are many , I need not comment on them , but will make a comment on the cast . While the entire cast is outstanding , the real standout is Janet Gaynor who portrays Esther Blodgett/Vicki Lester in such a way that you can connect with her and feel her sincerity on a level that you can not with Judy Garland in the 1954 version -LRB- and the less said about the 1970s Barbra Streisand version the better -RRB- . The rest of the performances in this film are super.This film , produced by the late great David O. Selznick and released through United Artists , is currently in the public domain and many of the numerous DVDs/VHSs of such films are of deplorable picture and sound quality . Fortunately , it is not so on this DVD release from Image . The colors are extremely bold and vibrant . There are some age-related artifacts present and graininess is visible in a number of places , however this has been kept to a minimum . I will forgive these shortcomings considering the elements used for the DVD transfer are nearly 70 years old . 3-strip Technicolor was still in its infancy in 1937 -LRB- indeed , the first feature shot entirely in this process was released only 2 years earlier -RRB- , but some outstanding results were had even then . The sound , while obviously rendered in 1937 recording technology , has been nicely cleaned up for this release , allowing the musical score by the venerable Max Steiner to shine as it should.Pass up the cheap DVDs and look only for the release from Image Entertainment , edition # ID2777IMDVD . I guarantee this will be the best DVD of A STAR IS BORN you will find .
 Much has been written about this 1937 film in regard to its story , characters etc. . The word `` classic '' tends to be over-used but it IS a true `` classic ''
 Though this is the only non-musical version of the thrice filmed tale , this original is my favorite . It may more than likely appear dated to some , but it is not only a wonderful story about the price of fame , but an early record of Hollywood history . Fredric March and Janet Gaynor are wonderfully touching as the doomed couple , `` Norman Maine '' and `` Vicki Lester '' , she being the new discovery whose * star * is ascending , totally eclipsing March 's descending stardom . This was my first glimpse at Janet Gaynor , and I fell in love with her . May Robson is great also as Gaynors feisty Granny , who encourages the young , unknown dreamer to follow her dreams , and is there at the end when she seems to have given up . There are many wonderful moments , as when Gaynor , as the then pre-stardom `` Esther Blodgett '' tries to get the attention of movie big-whigs by her impressions of then popular stars Mae West , Katherine Hepburn , and Garbo . Andy Devine -LRB- that VOICE !! -RRB- is comical as the fledgling director who befriends the naive , broke , and new to Hollywood `` Esther '' , and sticks with her through her metamorphosis to `` Vicki Lester '' , and her tragedy and heartache . There 's also fun scenes of early Hollywood locales , like the Hollywood Bowl , and interesting behind the scenes looks at the star-making process , when a little nobody is given everything from a new hairline to a new name . I always find myself blubbering like a fool at the films end , when Gaynor , having triumphantley come back from tragedy , delivers her final , famous line with a teary-eyed close-up . Yes , it 's corny , but I 'm crying not only because it 's a tear-jerker , but also at the memory of all those beautiful fools of that long ago time , when there really was a place called HOLLYWOOD .
 This is the original ... The best ... . It has a great feel of the Hollywood that was ... Gaynor and March are great . I love u Judy - but THIS is THE classic film of the often-told-story ... Judy is a class act , but HER film was/is not a classic.BUY IT FOR GOODNES-SAKES hehehe :-RRB- -LRB- :
 Having been in public domain for so long now , it seems everyone has put out a print of this movie on video . They are consistently poor quality issues . This DVD issue is not perfect by any means , but it far exceeds any others I 've seen . If ever a film was in need of a full restoration this is it . A great movie about that land of hopes and dreams called Hollywood . Honest , realistic , touching , and tragic . Although Judy Garland 's version is excellent this is the version that truly delivers . I wo n't even mention the Streisand remake .
 This review is about the Image release of William A. Wellman 's A STAR IS BORN . No bonus , just a scene access , excellent sound and above average quality of the images.William A. Wellman , the director of the film , earned a well-deserved Academy award in 1938 for his story whose themes were also handled inA Star Is Bornand inA Star Is Bornsince . This movie is about the role and the impact of the images in Hollywood and about a feeling rarely treated , because not particularly expressive , in cinema
 The original heartbreaking Hollywood romantic drama , `` A Star is Born '' makes its debut on Blu-ray . While many people are familiar with George Cukor 's 1954 classic film adaptation starring Judy Garland and James Mason , the very first film was back in 1937 and was produced by David O. Selznick -LRB- the producer known for `` Gone with the Wind '' and bringing Alfred Hitchock to the United States to direct `` Rebecca '' and `` Spellbound '' -RRB- and a film directed by William A. Wellman -LRB- `` Wings '' , `` Nothing Sacred '' -RRB- . The film was written by Wellman , Robert Carson , Dorothy Parker and Alan Campbell.The film would star Janet Gaynor -LRB- `` Seventh Heaven '' , `` Sunrise
 The original 1937 David O. Selznick production of A Star is Born is definitely the best version so far produced . Filmed in early Technicolor , this print is better than most , but there is still a dark cast to many of the scenes . The real good news is the sound is perfect with little or no distortion . The quality of the transfer is better than most versions I 've seen , so it 's worth adding to your collection if you really like this film . Janet Gaynor and Fredric March give two heart-felt performances and are supported ably by Adolph Menjou , Andy Devine , and May Robson as Gaynor 's irrepressible grandmother . Tightly directed by William A. Wellman , this version is nicely paced and never bogs down the way the Judy Garland remake does .
 All but forgotten 1937 classic garnered 7 Academy Award nominations . Movie shows in full detail the effects of alcoholism abeting an actor 's downfall -LRB- March -RRB- . Unfortunately , Hollywood would have to wait until 1945 `` s `` The Lost Weekend '' , directed by Billy Wilder , to see the disesae up close . Yet , at least director Wellman hits upon it here , without throwing the entire film into disarray.March knows that he 's had it as an actor , and only through the auspices of his rising srar wife Gaynor is he able to avoid jail time.If Gaynor seems almost too good to be true , then so be it . Anything might have been better than her negative , sarcastic upbringing . Too late does anyone understand the depth of March 's depression ; no doubt to this viewer that his final swim towards Hawaii was a noble gesture on his part , paving the way for his wife 's blossoming stardom.A really great oldie !
 The 1937 original version of `` A Star Is Born '' is a moving , observant drama about an aging , fading movie matinee idol , Norman Maine , played by Fredric March , who discovers and marries a struggling young actress , Esther Blodgett , portrayed by the lovely Janet Gaynor.Norman has a chance encounter with Esther at a concert and then again at a fancy Hollywood party where she is moonlighting as a waitress . He is immediately taken by her natural beauty and sweetness . Norman chooses Esther to be his leading lady in his next movie . When the movie is released , Esther , who is renamed Vicki Lester by the studio , becomes an `` overnight '' star -LRB- that is after she suffers many rejections and near poverty prior to her stardom -RRB- . `` A Star Is Born '' provides a realistic view of the crassness and undeniable glamour of Hollywood . And it examines the fleeting nature of stardom which Hollywood creates and then conveniently and cruelly destroys when a star is no longer viable.Everything about this movie is first rate in particular the perceptive direction by William Wellman , the smart screenplay by Wellman and Robert Carson , and the uniformly excellent performances by an all-star cast.March and Gaynor are at their very best giving restrained , yet powerful performances . March 's skill as an actor makes the demise of Norman Maine , at the behest of a fickle public and a mostly callous Hollywood establishment , heartbreaking to watch . And Esther 's quiet strength and unconditional love and support of her adoring , self-destructive husband are subtly and convincingly conveyed by the gifted Miss Gaynor.Be sure to stock up on tissues before you see this tragic , unforgettable love story because by its conclusion , your tears will be profuse . I guarantee it .
 The first time I saw this movie was on the late show . I sobbed for a long time after I seen it . It is one of my favorite movies I have ever seen . Every once in awhile I will watch it . It still makes me cry every time .
 `` A Star Is Born '' the 1937 release is excellent drama and with the theme of fame and popularity . It is done in Technicolor , and is not the musical version with Judy Garland done in the 1950 's . This original stars Janet Gaynor as a promising Hollywood starlet known as `` Vicki Lester '' - she came from a farm family , and her original name was Esther Blodgett . Sometimes her character tends to be an overly sweet hayseed , but she keeps her vital with excellent acting . Frederick March stars as the established movie star , `` Norman Maine '' who falls in love with and helps Esther start her career , but he realizes as her star rises , his is fading . He is a heavy drinker , older and a proud man . Seeing that he is sinking into obscurity , he can not play second fiddle and commits suicide.This version stands up well even today and has great stars such as Gaynor and March as well as supporting cast of Adolphe Menjou , Andy Devine , Carole Landis , and Lionel Stander .
 A Star Is Born packs a great deal of action , suspense , drama and even some light comedy into a film that is truly remarkable . The acting is very convincing ; Fredric March in particular gives blood to make his character comes to life on the screen . The cinematography and the choreography both work well , especially in crowd scenes in which there are lots of extras . The plot moves along at a good pace , too.When the action starts , we quickly meet Esther Blodgett -LRB- Janet Gaynor -RRB- who comes home with her younger brother from going to the movies . Esther 's mother and father are not too happy about her fixation with Hollywood . However , Esther 's kindly and wise grandmother Lettie Blodgett -LRB- May Robson -RRB- encourages Esther to follow her heart and her dreams although she also warns Esther that there may be a painful price for stardom . Lettie then gives Esther the first of several sums of money to help Esther live in Los Angeles at least until she can find extra work.But much more happens . Esther meets and soon befriends assistant director Daniel `` Danny '' McGuire -LRB- Andy Devine -RRB- who wants to help Esther find work but he 's not too powerful -- or employed -- himself . One night Danny and Esther attend a concert at The Hollywood Bowl ; and Esther sees Norman Maine -LRB- Fredric March -RRB- in person for the first time . He 's quite drunk and embarrassing to his actress girlfriend Anita Regis -LRB- Elizabeth Jenns -RRB- ; but not much happens between Norman and Esther until she gets a waitress gig through Danny where Norman and the fat cats from the movie studio are socializing . Norman falls for Esther ; and he pushes movie producer Oliver Niles -LRB- Adolph Menjou -RRB- to do a screen test with him and Esther . Esther is a huge hit ; and this certainly complicates things as Norman 's drinking is interfering with his acting career.Finally , Esther and Norman are married -- but the moment they return from their honeymoon Oliver and studio press agent Libby -LRB- Lionel Stander -RRB- arrive at their new home to tell Norman he 's washed up and that all they really want is Esther . They try one more film with Norman just to be sure ; but that fails as Esther becomes even more popular with the public.Soon Norman is at home and although it seems remarkable people no longer recognize him at all . You 'd think at least a few people would after the long career he had ; but then again this is a movie making a point about the pitfalls of Hollywood . Norman even enters a sanitarium to try to combat his alcoholism.What happens after this ? Will Esther and Norman be able to handle this stress or will their marriage break apart ? Will Norman ever find acting work again ? What about Esther 's idea to get Norman a part in a movie produced by Oliver Niles -- will that come to pass ? No plot spoilers here , folks -- watch the movie and find out!A Star Is Born has been made more than once ; it fact , there are three versions of this movie . This version has excellent acting ; but if you like musicals then you owe it to yourself to get the 1954 version with Judy Garland and James Mason . As regards this version , I commend the actors for their outstanding acting . I highly recommend this for fans of the actors in this movie and people who like classic movies . In addition , this film is a must-have for persons who wish to study the tough realities of the motion picture industry .
 Young , she arrives in Hollywood to become a star and she becomes a star by falling in love with another star who falls in love too . But this love affair is tragic because the man is at the end of his charm and can only regress , whereas she represents the new style , the new era that is opening at this moment and she goes up so fast she crushes her husband into oblivion and non-existence . But she remains faithful to her love , and he does not want to block her in her career . So he commits suicide to free her road and she nearly cracks up and goes away . But she can stick to her career by assuming his name as hers . A very sad film about the film industry and its law of the jungle.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 Do n't bother with any DVD release other than the one from Image . It 's a very good print with great color and sound .
 I do n't understand why anyone would prefer the later remakes to this version , which is so far superior as to be incomparable to the later attempts . Who could be better than Fredric March ? Of course it was a bit bizarre for him to play a fading star when in reality he was in the Hollywood limelight . I felt this version had so much more depth and story to it , without the multitudinous songs or the shallow world of musicals to interfere.I 'm not sure really what to say about this except that it 's very very good and I think you and everyone should see it at least once . My favourite moments ... in the cafe where Fred drinks raw egg while Janet impersonates various movie stars at another table . And at the preview of their first film together , they kiss for a LONG time , and Janet shrinks down blushing into her chair . There are others , just ca n't remember them at the moment . And the last part is very touching of course . Loved how Grandma could n't take the bright lights.I liked the producer better in this one than the Garland version as well . He seemed to have more character and was n't so goony looking.The colour quality of the video is admittedly terrible , but I have heard that the DVD version is a restored one and much better and easier to watch . I have not seen it myself to compare for certain.Well , I 've said my piece . This is the version to see . Do n't bother with the other ones - they ca n't hold a candle to this one .
 This is a great classic movie . There are three versions and this was the first . Then came the great Judy Garland 's turn , and then Barbra Streisand took a turn . We are all the better for all three versions . All on the same theme , but yet so different . My 15 year old granddaughter is a fan of the silent movies and the classics . She feels most of today 's movies are like video games and are to her uninteresting . She has seen the Judy Garland version , but not the other two . She asked me which one I thought was best -- in answer I am getting her all three for Christmas with the note , `` You Be The Judge . '' This version is the first and is a great film .
 I have n't seen the remakes of this film to be able to compare them , but I do know that the basic story of this film has been used over and over in movie history , and that 's because it 's a good one . The plot follows the rise of a young actress and the fall of her actor-husband . Fredric March is excellent as the husband who turns to the bottle for comfort when his career flounders and his star dims . Janet Gaynor , as the star that is born , plays her role expressively , no doubt influenced by her days in silent films , but it works and anchors the film . Lionel Stander is great as a cynical studio man . There are a number of terrific scenes , including several surrounding the new actress ' makeover -LRB- name and looks -RRB- which gives the viewer an idea of how the studio system must have worked in the Golden Age . The final scene is also a classic . A Star is Born is well scripted and acted , and it opens the door into Hollywood of the Thirties .
 A STAR IS BORN is the story of an innocent young woman who rises to fame in Hollywood . Her movie star husband helps her get started in her career while he is already on the skids because of his alcoholic behavior . Besides telling a great yarn the film also provides a candid expose of the movie industry before World War II . Janet Gaynor and Fredric March are superb in the leading roles . The strong supporting cast includes Adolphe Menjou , May Robson , Andy Devine and Lionel Stander.Janet Gayner actually retired not too long after this movie and did only occasional acting later in life . She had been very active in Hollywood during the 1920 's and 1930 's . Director William Wellman directed many other good films including PUBLIC ENEMY.It is difficult for to choose between this movie and the 1954 version starring Judy Garland and James Mason . They are both wonderful.A STAR IS BORN received Oscars in 1937 for Best Original Story and Color Cinematography . Its numerous Academy Award nominations were for Best Picture , Director -LRB- William Wellman -RRB- , Actor -LRB- Fredric March -RRB- , Actress -LRB- Janet Gaynor -RRB- , Screenplay and Assistant Director -LRB- Eric Stacey -RRB- .
 I went ahead and bought this VHS edition from KINO , and I must say it is THE BEST print of this film to be found . I discovered Fredric March in 2002 , and in one year collected over 54 of his films . During this time , I bought 2 other VHS versions of A STAR IS BORN ; the first one was horrible ... scratchy sound , the mouths did n't match with the words , blurry and washed out color . The second one was a bit better , color not so good , but at least the movement of their mouths was in step with the soundtrack . I really enjoy this film , and wanted to find a better print . This KINO print will not disappoint ! It is superb ... while the color is not like what you will see today , it is very very good . I was so impressed ; what a pleasure it is to see a film almost as it looked originally in 1937 . I mainly wanted to share the news that this is an excellent VHS -LRB- I called KINO , and they said they do n't know that they will ever put it on DVD ... too bad , but I think I have seen bootleg DVD 's taken from this KINO print on ebay . -RRB- This video is well worth the money due to the wonderful quality.Many have already stated their opinion on this film . I greatly admire Fredric March and he did such a good job portraying Norman Maine . I liked Janet Gaynor 's performance as well . It is fun to see some of the famous Hollywood locations in these early days . It is a good story ... nice to see a wife sticking by her man through the good times and bad . Nice to see how she honors his name and memory at the end of the film . Nice to see that she did n't sit and have a pity party about how horrible a husband Norman was . She was of beautiful character ... you especially see this when at the Academy Awards , and he accidently slaps her face , she just takes his hand and calmly walks with him back to the table . Later that evening , at home , Norman -LRB- March -RRB- is passed out drunk in a chair , and we see Esther -LRB- Gaynor -RRB- kneeling before him , still in her gown , with her Oscar lying on the floor beside her , taking off his shoes . What love and devotion and lack of selfishness is portrayed in that one simple scene ... We know her heart was hurting ; none of this was easy for her.I know many people just adore the Judy Garland version . I have seen it , and my main problem was I thought there was too much singing -LRB- I am not fond of musicals -RRB- , and I also felt Judy looked too old and weary for the part . You could see this in her eyes . She lacked the youthful innocence Gaynor had . Now if Judy had done it when she was younger ... but this is only my opinion.I prefer this 1937 version , and if you do as well , this KINO print is THE ONE to watch and to own .
 I 'll confess
 I did n't expect to be impressed with this original version of `` A Star Is Born . '' I have seen the Judy Garland/James Mason musical and I just did n't think this would be able to live up to that movie . Boy , was I ever wrong . I should have known that anything with Janet Gaynor and Frederick March were in , would be great . They are both such great actors that you loose yourself in the film . The story is the same in that veteran actor meets new actress , they fall in love and get married . While his career declines , hers takes off . It is a wonderful love story that will make you want to see it again . But , instead after this film try the next one with Judy Garland to see another version . Streisand made one , also , but I do n't like her so I did n't see it .
 The 1937 version features Fedric March and Janet Gaynor as compared with the 1954 version featuring Judy Garland and James Mason . The lack of songs and dancings in the older version actually forces my attention to the two main characters . What the older version lacks - in lyrics and dancing - it more than makes up in the refined character development and superb acting . Vicki -LRB- Janet Gaynor -RRB- 's grandma could understand Vicki 's dream and hope in Hollywood . Once she ensured Vicki had the conviction and was prepared to go to great lengths , without any doubt , to pursue her dream , she gave her blessings and full financial support . This was handled warmly and delicately . In addition , Norman Maine -LRB- Federich March -RRB- was 100 % convincing whose leading actor career winded in the wrong direction . He spotted Vicki from obscurity and saw the rising career of his beloved wife with mixed feelings . He loved Vicki that much while suffering deeply inside . Despite the encouragement of his studio friend -LRB- Adolphe Menjou -RRB- , he was too proud to take any hand outs . In the end , Vicki 's grandma went to Hollywood , for the first time , and attended Vicki 's film premeire - a master stroke to see both Vicki 's and grandma 's dream fulfilled.Fredrich March , Janet Gaynor and Adolphe Menjou were heavyweights in the big screen . I reckon the older version more warm and touching . A truly wonderful movie . In addition , Janet Gaynor was the lady who won the first Oscar for a leading actress in recognition of her work in three other films . Word has it that the script was modeled on the early life of Barbara Stanwyck and her first husband Frank Fay .
 A Star is Born , starring Janet Gaynor and Frederic March , is the tale of a girl who dreams of becoming a Hollywood star . After arriving in Hollywood she meets a fading star who helps her become an even bigger star than he had been up to recently . Frederic March 's portrayal of Norman Maine is simply fantastic . His descent is poignant and agonizing to watch as well as fascinating . Janet Gaynor does very well as Esther Blodgett , turned into Vicki Lester . Adolphe Menjou does a good job as the Hollywood producer with a heart.A real movie classic .
 If you are reading this then you most likely already know the movies and have watched then before . I first saw these two on TV back in the 60 's as a kid , it brings back old memories . This review will be on picture quality only , because I think that is what the buyers of this DVD will want . The picture is good , not great , but good . It is in full screen as stated , and there are a few small flaws with picture quality . This should not be a factor in owning , this DVD , as these are two classics from the past . If you enjoyed watching them 50 years ago , you will be happy to see them again . If you are young and these were before your time , then just keep in mind when these two films were shot , and nothing has been digitally redone , like you can get in some of the older films . There is a limited market and cost always plays into things . Sit back and enjoy a piece of history , you will feel like you have moved back in time .
 this dvd is excellent . anyone who wants to go to tokyo will love this . combines travel with food and shows some great places in tokyo an funky goings on . this dvd is a fantastic way of bringing back all my good memories of recently being in tokyo and feeling like i am back in tokyo . 10 out of 10 an worth every pennie
 This was a very fun show when I was 13 to 15 . This show was right after Superboy the live TV show . The one thing that made this show good that alot of new shows do not have . Is fun idea for stories . As today ever thing has to much CGI and no story any more . This show had CGI but not very good . But I like fun stories better then good cgi and a bad story . I really wish this show would have a come back on TV or DVD . I 'm giving this movie a five star from what I remember when I was 13 and its a very fun B movie .
 This film was the start of the short lived TV show . Reminiscent of shows like Knight Rider , the A Team , Street Hawk , and Airwolf this film is the one-man-makes-a-difference-we-have-the-technology type of show . Shot on the Universal Studio backlot -LRB- just take the tour and you 'll see it all -RRB- this low budget , lame computer effects extravaganza will appeal to lovers of B-flix all over the world . I liked it !
 Super Force was an enjoyable low budget series that never failed to entertain . Good fun ! It 's been far too long since this series was shown on TV . I 'd really love to see it again . Let 's hope they release Super Force on DVD one day soon .
 My family were actually in a number of episodes ... as extras . . in the first epesode in the opening credits when the astronaunt is welcomed back ... my wife is the `` oriental '' lady with the chopsticks in her hair ... enjoyed making it ... enjoyed watching it ... even if it was a `` B '' type show ...
 This is one of the best TV shows from 1990-1992 ! Super Force was a great TV series . I wish that `` Super Force '' was released on DVD and/or Blu Ray . They released `` Street Hawk '' on DVD . They also released `` M.A.NT.I.S . '' on DVD . They also released `` Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future '' also on DVD . I think they should release `` Super Force '' next ! '' Super Force '' was one of the best `` Robocop '' inspired shows on TV in the 1990s . They should release both the first season and second seasons of the show , even though the best season was the first season . I would buy `` Super Force '' if they would release it on DVD ! Lets hope it happens in the future . A +
 this was a great tv series , i wish they would put it out on dvd . this series reminds me of streethawk which finallycame on on dvd , a movie called cyclone also on dvd .
 `` Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams , every friggin ' day . '' . That 's exactly what the tagline of `` 50 First Dates '' suggests to its ' audience . This film also suggests it can take a serious medical diagnosis all in good-natured humor , without offending anyone . The dilemma of one Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- is subject to the above tagline , and this young , good-natured , fun-loving gal must begin a life anew each and every day , as a result of her short-term memory loss , which she sustained in an automobile accident en route to her regular weekly pineapple picking ritual , which Lucy had done with her father prior to her accident . She happens to catch the eye of a young , promiscuous veterinarian -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- , whose attempts to get to know Lucy , as well as attempting to help fix her medical condition , garner mixed results , of both the hilarious and tear-jerking variety . Also on board , are Lucy 's father -LRB- Blake Clark -RRB- and brother -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- , with both of them doing their best to help their daughter/sister cope with her difficult struggle , while becoming more skeptical of Lucy 's newfound confidant , Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- . Pomai ` kai Brown -LRB- as Hukilau Cafe Chef -RRB- , Amy Hill -LRB- as cafe owner Sue -RRB- , Dan Aykroyd -LRB- as an M.D. -RRB- and Joe Nakashima -LRB- as wiseacre Old Hawaiian Man -RRB- provide added comic relief , making `` 50 First Dates '' an important must-see film . Rob Schneider 's performance as `` local boy '' Ula , is guaranteed to put a corner-to-corner smile on an awful lot of faces , and Schneider 's unforgettable portrayal is one that 's definitely not to be missed ! The excellent soundtrack -LRB- featuring The Beach Boys , Jason Mraz , No Doubt and other acts -RRB- is the perfect compliment -LRB- and companion -RRB- to the movie . `` 50 First Dates '' is your perfect guide to Hawaiian fun and adventure . Tours are currently departing at your local theater . Reserve your seat today , before they sell out in a hurry ! Perfectly suitable for your video & DVD collection -LRB- coming soon -RRB- !
 I thought this would be just another funny movie with Drew and Adam like `` The wedding singer '' ... but it was much more . There are a few serious parts where I actully felt teary eyed . Adam and Drew are hilarious but still shot a few serious scenes . Sean Astin is so funny !! I thought this movie was great !
 I was actually surprised how funny and mature 50 FIRST DATES was . Sure there is a couple low-brow humor now and then , but the film manages to sneak in a good amount of sweet humor and chemistry for stars Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler , who previously paired in THE WEDDING SINGER.When a commitment free vetinarian Sandler falls for Barrymore in a diner , he learns that she has short-term memory loss from an accident and ca n't remember him ! Desperate Sandler then tries his best to have her remember him , despite disdain from her loving father and dimwitted brother , played by Sam Gamgee , er , Sean Astin from the LORD OF THE RINGS.Anyway , Barrymore and Sandler are the reason why the film is such a hit . These two should do more movies together , because Barrymore 's last hit was like ages ago and Sandler 's other rotten movies -LRB- like LITTLE NICKY AND MR. DEEDS -RRB- were no good . They could be the next great screen couple ! Part of the reason why they did a good job in this film was because they 're really good friends off-screen . Anyway , 50 FIRST DATES is highly recommended for all you Barrymore and Sandler fans .
 the only thing i need to say , is that if you 're planning to see a great movie any time soon , see this one . i promise you , any disappointment is beyond impossible . this movie is so sweet and refreshing , not to mention funny . drew barrymore was flawless , as adam sandler and rob shneider once again show their remarkable talent of keeping you smiling throughout the entire picture . i left the movie teary eyed and ready to get back in line to see it again . i give it 5 stars and 2 thumbs up ! bravo
 I do n't understand how anyone who likes to laugh can rate this but 5 stars . It is one of the funniest movies i seen lately . It is not a sily comedy but a well written script .
 Adam Sandler plays a guy that is about to giveup on love until he meets Drew Barrymore whohas a short-term memory loss , where she forgetseverything the next day ; she can only rememberanything that has happened before the tragicmoment in her life that messed up her brain .
 This movie was a good one . . Although I thought Lucy was going to get her memory back . . I didnt like the ending . . because she has to be reminded everyday of the marriage , and her husband . But it was funnny and one of the best too . . Adam Sandler is a great actor as well as Drew Barrymore . Both of them really did shine on their part as well as the other actors . . I give this movie a 10 . . Buy it !!!
 That is a great movie , can tell is the BEST Adam had done !!! . You will be laghing and will also cry but you get a great message , probably on what is love all about .
 I liked this movie . It was very funny and there were not boring parts . This movie is rated PG-13 , and i thought that it would not be sutible for kids under 11 or 12 . Otherwise , it was a very good movie . I would definatly buy the video and want to watch it again !
 Just from watching the previews , I knew that it was a good movie . Little did I know that I was wrong . This is the best movie to watch with a boyfriend/girlfriend . It 's classic Adam Sandler comedy along with Drew Barrymore charm !
 This is a great date movie . This movie has got everything . Its got jokes some of them are a little lame while others are great . Its got a sweet romance , there are some practical wholes in the plot but overall its a fun romantic comedy that you can see with your friends or your date.Some of the jokes are really gross , and some of them are n't funny , but as the movie progressed they got better . Sean Astin is actually in this movie and I got annoyed that his character talked with a lisp . I get tired of seeing the same cliches in movies like with cliche situations and cliche characters , they did n't overdo it on this movie but I 'm just tired of seeing it.Adam Sandler plays Henry Roth who must win over the girl of his dreams every single day because Lucy played by Drew Barrymore ca n't remember who he is . So he has to start over every single day . Basically Drew 's character has some type of amnesia , so its like a mix between `` Groundhog Day '' and `` While You Were Sleeping '' I love this movie because it had comedy and heart in the storyline.Adam and Drew are great at their roles . I personally loved the ending because it was n't perfect like in most romantic comedies , it was very unexpected and it still ended very happy .
 Beautiful cinematography ... a funny romatic comedy that through Adam Sandler of course in his life ... this movie well put together as well as funny moments ... well worth the purchase ...
 I could watch it for 50 dates and never get sick of it . They have great chemistry on screen . = -RRB-
 this was purchased as a gift by someone . she enjoyed it . I have not watched it but it was popular at the time
 I do n't always like ADAM SANDLER or his movies , but this one he got right . Also starring DREW BARRYMORE , ROB SCHNIEDER and SEAN ASTIN and , all of them , including Sandler , are all very good in this movie . Filmed in Hawaii.This is a romantic comedy . A guy -LRB- Sandler -RRB- meets a girl -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- and falls for her . She has a problem , though . She has , as a result of an injury , no short term memory . As such , each time they meet , to her , is the first time . I think this movie is adorable , as well , as funny . I like to share this one . Very Highly Recommended .
 My brother and I live in the same world . That and this movie are what we have in common . `` 50 First Dates '' rates as one of our favorite movies . We both call it a `` sweet movie . `` Adam Sandler plays a player , but falls in love with Drew Barrymore , who has a brain disorder as a result of a car accident . She can remember only one day at a time . A marine biologist , Sandler -LRB- yes , he 's Henry Roth , but really , he 's Sandler playing the best Sandler of any of his movies where he 's also playing Sandler -RRB- . Instead of being bored meeting and leaving his next conquest , he focuses all his attention on this sweet young woman who can not remember him the next day -- a real challenge to a player . Her innocence triggers something deep inside and he actually falls in love with her.Every time she sees him , it is the `` first '' time she meets him . He is forced to woo her without the usual payoff at the end of the date . His dream is to take a boat he has been preparing for sea as a Calypso and explore the oceans . The two dreams finally merge . But getting there takes 50 first dates , so to speak , and fifty first kisses.Dad and brother -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- help Drew to forget the car accident by restaging the last day before the accident day after day after ... . Before she meets Henry , she relives the same day over and over . Henry becomes a catalyst for change . When she leaves to live in a rehabilitation center , she paints Henry over and over without knowing who he is or why she paints him.This movie is not intellectually challenging . It is not one chase scene after the other . There are no villains . `` 50 First Dates '' is a fun , sweet , simple movie about love and acceptance , gentleness of spirit , kindness writ large , and did I say love?Note
 From my wife Sarah
 First , let me say that I am NOT a Adam Sandler fan , but in this movie he gives a GREAT performance as a player who finally falls in love and gives up his wiley ways to pursue one girl . This movie had me rolling in the floor the first time I saw it . Men and women alike will love this heartwarming , hilarious love story . Rob Schneider gives his best movie performance ever as Oola , Adam 's best friend . And Sean Astin plays Drew 's steroid-enhanced wanna-be weight lifter brother that is a COMPLETELY different switch from his dramatic role in The Lord of the Rings . Drew Barrymore gives an fantastic performance as a girl who has brain damage from a car accident and has lost all short term memory to the point that she can only remember her life up to the accident , and her memory after that is erased every night . This obviously causes Adam Sandler problems in his attempt to make her fall in love with him all over again every day . This is a wonderful movie you 'll want to watch again and again . TOP RATE !
 After `` The Wedding Singer '' the Sandler-Barrymore duo do it again with their wonderful on-screen chemistry and an adorable story . The movie also makes you think philosophically . Actually many people in life whose actions are still very mechanical and robot like , live a life as Drew does in this movie . However unlike Drew there are none to tell these people what 's wrong with their lives . However it is also tragic to think that one day she has to wake up somewhere in her 60 's and realise that her father died and then relive that everyday . The same feeling would multiply if more of her loved ones were to die before her . The other thing to imagine is that someone ought to ensure her daily treatment continued till she died.Then there are those unforgettable numbers from the 80 's , particularly `` Lovesong '' and `` Friday I ` am in love '' by the amazing , The Cure , `` Drive '' by The Cars , `` Hold me now '' from the Thomson Twins , The Police 's `` Every breath You take '' and Spandau Ballet 's `` True '' which was also featured in `` The Wedding Singer '' . Most of these numbers this time are played as cover songs by newer artistes making the soundtrack to this movie another big seller . `` Could you be loved '' the original by Bob Marley is retained though . And like `` The Wedding Singer '' there 's that adorable song from Adam Sandler as well.Hawaii is pictured so beautifully that the movie literally promotes tourism for this lovely island.Several other characters also deserve praise . Henry 's Hawaiian Friend , Lucy 's brother -LRB- played by the guy who plays Frodo 's friend in `` Lord of the Ring '' , series -RRB- , the Chef at the restaurant , the owner of the restaurant , the Drew 's father and Henry 's assistant at the zoo.A movie that can make you laugh as much as it can bring a tear to your eyes , see it if you have n't seen it yet .
 I purchased numerous copies of this movie for my friends on the mainland who have n't yet come to visit . This movie was filmed on the Windward side of Oahu where I live . The movie shows the true feel of life in what the locals call `` country '' . Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler were both excellent in their characters , but Rob Schneider as Ula was perfect . He obviously has spent some time with local Hawaiians , we all said right-on and laughed out loud . People who think there is nothing to see on Oahu should definitely see this movie .
 Adam and Drew really do have chemistry together ! This movie is funny and romantic at the same time . I 've really enjoyed watching it !
 I have watched this movie about 10 times and I 'm ready to watch it again .
 The first time I saw this movie in the theater , I remember liking it but being so sad at the end . Nevertheless , as I love Drew and Adam , I bought it on DVD when it came out . I could n't believe how much I laughed !! Now that I knew the ending , it was n't so sad that I missed the rest of the movie . There are so many clever scenes in this movie that I think people forget if they just watch it once . When Drew attacks Rob Schneider with a bat ! When Adam jokes with his walrus and penguin ! When Adam apologizes to Drew for not being better looking ! I can go on and on.This is the movie my husband and I put on when we want to laugh and cuddle on the couch on Friday night . It 's perfect !
 Though not my absolute favorite Adam Sandler movie -LRB- that honor goes to Billy Madison in my book -RRB- , 50 First Dates is a fun & funny movie that you can watch over and over . It 's a cute story of how Sandler tries to win the love of Lucy -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- over and over again because after an accident , she is unable to make new memories . Since this is an Adam Sandler movie , it 's not entirely mushy but still has a few sappy moments . That does n't make it any less funny though . Rob Schneider plays Sandler 's native Hawaiian pot-smoking friend and you can expect to laugh a lot at him . Lucy 's family is also hilarious and so are the owners of the restaurant they meet at . Oh , not to mention Sandler 's he-she assistant at the zoo ... good stuff ! Sandler & Barrymore also have a great chemistry like they had in The Wedding Singer . They work very well together in my opinion . For some light-hearted fun that will leave you smiling , 50 First Dates is a keeper !
 I 'm really not much of a fan of Adam Sandler 's past work -LRB- just not my taste , I guess -RRB- , but `` 50 First Dates '' really impressed me with both its clever story and many genuinely heartfelt moments . It also features the most effective , wonderful , and appropriate use of the song `` Over the Rainbow '' seen outside `` The Wizard of Oz '' . Check out this DVD and see if you agree . A nice handful of playful extras round out the proceedings .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore team up once again in 50 First Dates . Their first foray together in The Wedding Singer was a raving success . I enjoyed that one so much that I watched it more times than I could count . I love the 80 's theme and the cutesy song he composed for her at the end of the movie.Ok , back to 50 First Dates . I can find no fault with this movie and found it very touching at some parts . Both leads were ok when they were together but there was more focus on their interactions and relationships with the other supporting actors in the movie . It 's like a community love story.This movie about commitment-phobic man Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- who strives to capture the heart of a cute girl Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- every single day because she has a weird brain disfunction . Lucy could not remember a single thing that happened after a bad car accident she was involved in . They made the car accident bit into a spoof of Mission Impossible 2 which was hilarious in a corny kind of way . So day after day she meets Henry , falls in love with him and forgets all about him when she wakes up the next morning . The perfect girl for a commitment-phobic guy ? You bet , but not in the way that you think.The comedy factor was good . There were some hilarious shots of what two people who are giddy with the euphoria of finally meeting the person of their dreams would do . However , I did not enjoy the parts where Adam Sandler made fun of his earnest German colleague by calling her a man . Surely , there is no need for cruel humor of this sort.It was a treat to see Dan Ackroyd in a cameo role of the doctor -LRB- or was it the neurosurgeon ? -RRB- and the other supporting actors who played Barrymore 's dad and brother were great in their respective roles.But the biggest treat of all was seeing Rob Schneider as the Hawaiian , Ula . He was so convincing as a Hawaiian bum that I did not recognise him as the Hot Chick Rob Schneider . Imagine the shock I had seeing his name when the credits were rolling.I loved how the movie started -LRB- wo n't share it here because it will spoil your enjoyment of it -RRB- and how it ended . It was amazing to see how a commitment-phobe like Sandler turning 180 degrees because of the challenge of getting a girl who is worse than he is . He forgets a girl after a week but she can only remember him for 24 hours or less.While I admire the transformation and tenacity of the man , it makes me wonder if someone who has no short-term memory like Lucy is really the cure for commitment-phobic people . Hmmm ...
 I not always a fan of his movies , but I grow to love him more and more . I am also a big fan of Drew Barrymore.Yet , I do n't believe that you need to be a fan of either to enjoy this romantic comedy . It was a really sweet story and not totally predictable . There was too many small twist and turns that keep you from trying to guess the ending as much as it forces you to just sit back and enjoy the show!I would totally recommend this movie to any chick flick lovers and for any guy that wants something to watch with his girl that will give both of them what they want .
 I thought this would be a re-make of `` Groundhog Day '' , but it was much better . Shot in Hawaii , the background is stunning . Highlyromantic , sad and funny at once with a happy ending . My wife made me take her twice ! This one 's a keeper for my collection .
 I enjoyed this in spite of my intense dislike for Adam Sandler movies . The film somehow manages to be genuinely funny , heartwarming and sincere , overcoming Sandler 's natural tendency to go for the cheap laughs . Drew Barrymore is wonderful as the adorable amnesiac who starts each day with a fresh slate . Adam Sandler plays the smitten admirer who wins her over , only to find he is completely forgotten the next day . And the next . And the next.Rob Schneider is more irritating than funny , except for the scene where Drew beats the crap out of him , but the rest of the supporting cast is a joy to watch.You 'll smile . You 'll laugh . And , believe it or not , you 'll root for Adam Sandler.Recommended !
 As the movie starts it gives a feeling of just another story of promiscuous behavior in a beautiful setting , Hawaii , but as it continues and the Drew Barrymore character , Lucy Whitmore , is introduced it suddenly becomes more significant and meaningful . The Adam Sandler character , Henry Roth , begins to develop some depth as a human being as he discovers the plight of the very lovely Lucy , begins to see her as something more than a sex object , and develops a concern for someone other than himself.The movie takes place in Hawaii with all of the beautiful scenery you would expect in that locale . The casting is well done with Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler both creating sympathetic characters about whom the viewer begins to care . The supporting roles are all performed with competence so that the total package is very rewarding.Both the sound and video on the Blu-ray version are excellent so there are no complaints in that department.There is course language and sexual innuendo especially in the beginning of the movie , and some scattered throughout but the later scenes are handled with less crudity . All told it is a satisfactory movie although I ca n't recommend it for young children especially the first few minutes of the movie .
 Really one of Adam Sandlers better performances . It was refreshing to watch the movie filmed in Hawaii . It 's a funny love story where Sandler falls in love with Berrymore who becasue of an accident she was in ca n't remember what happened the day before . It 's actually very comical & interesting to watch Sandler fight with her family who thinks he 's just trying to take advantage of her . I 'd say most people will enjoy this movie eventhough some of the acting was very bad . Sandler movies need to stop using the same bad actors over and over again . You 're sure to get some good chuckles watching this movie and it was well worth the watch for me .
 A true romantic comedy , from Adam Sandler of all people . But it 's Drew Barrymore who steals the show . She gives a really great and believable performance . Sandler really acts as her foil and it could have been any other male actor . Comedy is provided by Schneider -LRB- great makeup -RRB- and Sean Astin . I 'm a Sandler fan and it was n't what I usually expect but it was a thoroughly enjoyable movie . My estimation of Drew Barrymore went up immensely after this movie . Two thumbs up .
 If you like Sandler movies , this is a great one . If you liked the wedding singer , you 'll like this one too.The blu-ray version is awesome , great definition and clarity of picture and the audio leaves nothing to be desired .
 This movie is hilarious . I t will have you on the floor rolling around in laughter in no time . Wonderful movie . Adam Sandler is a great actor and producer . You will thoroughly enjoy this movie .
 Henry Roth lives in a Hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached . This is until he meets Lucy Whitmore . Both Henry and Lucy enjoy the company of each other and feels the start of a serious relationship occurring . Approaching Lucy the next day , Henry is confused when Lucy fails to recognise him . This is the moment Henry discovers that Lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and ca n't remember each individual day . Henry wo n't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again , each and every day . The plot , even if somewhat contrived , is clever and in the context of the movie believable
 Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler do great acting . Adam Sandler acts like he does in most of his movies -LRB- Big Daddy , Mr. Deeds -RRB- , really nice and caring . The movie is really funny . I 'm not going to say the story because I do n't want to ruin it . But the movie was better than I expected .
 Henry , a Hawaiian local , has always dreamed of sailing his little sailboat up to Alaska to watch walruses in their native habitat . He 's never met a girl he 'd like to stick around for , until he meets Lucy.But there 's a problem . Lucy ca n't remember they met , or that they made a date for the next day.A year before their meeting Lucy had an accident which deprived her of long term memories . This means that every day she has to start again . Her friends convince Henry to leave her alone , but he ca n't get her out of his mind.Thus starts a series of interesting meetings where he tries to get to know her , and make her fall in love with him all over again every single day.However , Henry must not only win her over , but her family and friends as well.From the commercials I was n't as interested in this movie , however after seeing it I think it 's a wonderful romance , with a hilarious overtone . The way he overcomes her disability is fantastic and the ending is a little surprising , but marvelous .
 50 First Dates is a charming movie that stands out above some of Sandler 's other work for several reasons . First , Sandler basically plays himself , not some strange character like `` Little Nicky '' or `` Waterboy '' . Second , Drew Barrymore is such a sweet character on screen and the chemistry with Sandler is strong.This is closer to a romantic comedy but still retains the quirks of all Sandler films . Rob Schneider plays a native Hawaiian with several kids and is the butt of many jokes . Sean Astin of Rudy and The Lord of the Rings fame is hilarious as Drew Barrymore 's sister . He plays a work-out freak with a lisp . Other things to look for include the homage to Happy Gilmore and the return of the guy who played the QB in Waterboy .50 First Dates is a good movie because despite all the wacky characters and jokes , you can sense Sandler really cares for Barrymore , and you can also see the love and effort Astin and Barrymore 's father put forth in protecting Barrymore from the realization that everyday is a new day and she 'll never have a memory of the past .
 I have been a fan of Adam Sandler for awhile now ... you can always find something to relate to in his movies . However , his leading women have often left something out of their preformances other then a want to work with Adam ... i kinda feel that changed with this movie.Adam cast , for once , a women that was more then `` her '' more then a playmate to crack up in the course of filmmaking ... he also brought in the best preformance of Drew Berrymores carrer ... Drew brought into this movie more then the star appeal and sexuality that she brings to the ` Charlies Angels ' movies . She brought a beliviable to Lucy that is just unmatched to what so many actresses are capable of . Very few actresses could have provided the humor and drama she provided while portyaing this chracter . You feel her heartbreak each time she wakes up , and you understand her frustration as only she can portray -LRB- show me any other women in an Adam Sandler film that made you feel what she felt in this movie ... -RRB- Adam Sandler himself was overlooked for his preformance in Punch Drunk Love , and let 's not see this a routine in his life as a film maker . . Drew deserves a chance for an Oscar nomination , and at the very least , if she does not recieve the Golden Globe in comedy/musical , i will not have any more belief in the hollywood award system .
 I think this movie was the best movie I have seen in my life . It was funny and sad at the same time . Even though it swears a lot in it i would take 13year olds and up to see it .
 This is great comedic acting . It reminded me a little bit of Groundhog 's Day in that the same day kept playing over and over -- but enjoyed the love everyone felt for Drew Barrymore 's character -- helping her through the trauma of her accident.Delightful .
 ITS FUNNY ITS AND ITS FUNNY EVRY TIME U SEE IT
 I gave this film four stars only because it offers so many great extras
 I just rented this movie last night and was n't expecting much , especially because it 's an Adam Sandler flick and because it rips off `` Groundhog Day '' and `` Memento . '' To my shock though , this movie is both really funny and touching at the same time . My whole family was cracking up with laughter throughout most of the movie . I will be buying this one on Dvd soon . The movie is full of cameos and Drew Barrymore is actually pretty convincing too . Great comeback Adam !
 From the advertising I thought this movie was a lot of screaming and silliness , but it 's really an enjoyable , romantic movie even for people who think they do n't like Adam Sandler .
 I have not been disappointed in the duo Sandler/Barrymore so far , their movies have been rather good , they have the chemistry . This is one of those cute movies that gets you to laugh from time to time and even think about how your life can be different . Sometimes you wonder if these two characters would really get together in real life , but then realize it 's just a movie that you can watch for the entertainment of it . It 's in my collection and I think you will want it in yours as well after you watch it .
 If you are a fan of Adam Sandler , regardless of your gender , you will enjoy this film . There 's something in it for everyone , it 's not just a `` chick flick '' . Drew and Adam are superb and the story is unique and captivating - especially for a comedy . And it 's a great date film . Show your date you actually have a sense of humor and see this movie together !
 This is one of the better Adam Sandler movies I 've seen . It is funny and heart-warming , without going over the top . I do n't always like Drew , but she does a great job in this one . A really great movie !
 Adam Sandler , typically a vulgar , careless person , expressed a totally different side of his acting abilities in this film . Instead of playing an entirely comedic role , Sandler was a loving , caring man who developed a relationship with a beautiful woman , Drew Barrymore . Barrymore as well , playing the part of a gorgeous young lady plagued by the occurrence of a car accident , does a beautiful job of portraying her character . She falls in love with Sandler , but the car wreck causes her to relive a single day of her life over and over , causing her to forget all about her meeting with Sandler . Once Sandler figures out her handicap , he desperately tries to conjure up a way to help her remember him and their relationship to preserve the love they feel for each other . I highly recommend this movie . It is worth seeing multiple times.-Cdawg
 This film possesses a very rare quality lacking in most of today 's films - `` magic '' . The location shots of Hawaii , the cinematography , and the supporting cast are great , but what truly elevates this film is the incredible chemistry between Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore . Many actors claim they can fake on screen chemistry - NOT . Adam and Drew literally sparkle when their on screen together . We can only hope they grace us again with another film .
 The island is Hawaii , a temporary paradise for many women ; the man on the island is Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- also a temporary paradise . Unwilling to commit to anyone or thing but his boat.Then he meets Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- . After an accident she has lost her ability to transfer short term memory to log term . So every day since the accident is erased and she starts over . So the relationship starts from an bet and ends up who knows where if any where.At first it the film looks just like any old Adam Sandler film that only Sandlerights could like . Then it settles down to cute . Then it settles down to meaningful , finally you forget that you are watching a movie and then it is over . Drew excels in this movie and is very believable.The film would have come off a lot better with out all the Sandleright left over characters that contributed zip to the story . The two that came to mind is the brother Doug Whitmore -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- . And the what-not Alexa -LRB- Lusia Strus . -RRB- Another warning is that the version of DVD had a bunch of coming attractions after paying good money I do not need forced attractions at the beginning . Wait for a better release or just press the `` Menu '' button to escape them.Harrison Bergeron - Sean Astin
 I saw the previews on TV for this movie and finally talked my husband into renting it . -LRB- He usually pick out all the movies and they are usually kick-em-up types or blow-em-up ones . -RRB- My husband rented 3 movies that night , and this one was a `` token '' chick flick `` for me . `` He put off watching it the first night , but the second night we watched it because the other movie was way too long . We were both moved by this movie and came away absolutely `` in love '' with it . My husband even had to admit that `` my movie '' was an `` us movie . `` This movie is just really fun to watch and takes you on a journey that involves so many emotions -- just what to look for in a good film .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore team up once more to make a great comedy / love story . Drew plays the role of a woman who through a traumatic car accident has lost her long term memory , thus every morning she wakes up forgetting the previous day . She is eventually met by a man who falls in love with her but who keeps trying to make her fall in love with him every day .
 I had pretty much gotten over Adam Sandler , and really did n't see any reason to rush out to the theater to see a new flick he has done . Even tho this film looked promising , I paid it no attention . Not even when it came onto DVD . So , imagine my surprise when I actually caught it on cable the other night and ended up watching it . What a nice little movie . We 're not talking Oscar-worthy here folks , but for an Adam Sandler movie , it was quite good . It 's easily his best film . But that is n't necessarily saying much , is it ? . Re-teaming with Drew Barrymore , his co-star from `` The Wedding Singer '' , the two are a sweet and delightful duo . More films with the two of them is most welcome indeed . Sandler stars as Henry Roth , a playboy on a Hawaiian island who seems to have a way with the ladies . A lot of them . His ways change when he meets and falls for the adorable Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- . She is sweet , pretty , interesting , and all around lovely . Henry gets taken for a loop the next day when Lucy swears she has no idea who he is . Apparently , Lucy was in a car accident with her father a year ago , and she suffered major head trauma . The accident resulted in Lucy losing her short term memory . She remembers her whole life up until the accident , but anything afterwards she soon forgets the next day . As her father says , when she goes to sleep at night , her memory gets a clean sweep of the day before . Now Henry is challenged to re-introduce himself to Lucy every day and try to make her fall in love with him over and over again . It 's actually a pretty clever little concept for this sweet natured comedy . The levels that her father -LRB- comedian Blake Clark -RRB- , and brother Doug -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- go too to make her think nothing has changed , is heartwarming . How everyone loves this young woman so much and tries to make everything right for her . What was surprising was that this is no ordinary Sandler/goofball comedy . It has a lot of heart , romance , and a genuine feeling for the two main characters . It is far and away better than `` The Wedding Singer '' , which up to this point , was Sandler 's best movie . The cast all does very well too . Astin as brother Doug , is a pumped up steroid jock with a serious speech impediment . Clarke as Mr. Whitmore has that right stern/loving/fatherly performance to him . Dan Aykroyd also has a small cameo as Lucy 's doctor . You ca n't forget Rob Schneider . He always seems to appear in Adam 's movies , and Adam always seems to appear in a small cameo in his . However lowbrow Schneider 's ` comedy ' may be , you can usually count on him for a few good chuckles . This one is no exception . Which leaves us with our two leads . Sandler and Barrymore have , without question , good chemistry with each other . They get along , and light up the screen . Barrymore imbues Lucy with the kind of heart , sweetness , and loveliness that does n't make anyone question why Hnery would fall in love with you . You 'd fall in love with her too ! . Sandler has proven here lately that given the right role , like in `` Punch Drunk Love '' and even `` Spanglish '' , that he can be a much better actor than people think . This may not be an award type performance here folks , but it 's his best job in one of his zany comedies . An eclectic mix of supporting players round out the cast . The funniest being Sandler 's co worker , who no one knows if they are a she or a he . Usually a joke like that gets ran into the ground , but it does n't here . In the end , I was surprised to have seen a goofy , sweet , funny , and heart felt little comedy that is different , but yet the same , than other Sandler movies . If that makes any kind of sense . With it 's nice cast , fun plot , and gorgeous scenery , this movie makes for a very pleasant evening excursion .
 One of the reasons I love Adam Sandler movies so much is the messages he wacks us on the head with in a happy sad way . It usually involves a person with a challenge . This person overcomes the physical or mental challenge one way or another , and their struggle always teaches us something . Usually to respect one another and reach out for what you want . Along the way Sandler 's brand of comedy is hysterical , sometimes brutally true , but you will still laugh and fall on the floor . This movie is no exception , brilliantly poignant and funny . Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler were great in `` The Wedding Singer '' , but they are far better in this wonderful story of a young lady losing her short term memory . Do n't bother to rent this one , buy it now . The beautiful settings in Hawaii are worth the price alone . The story is excellent , and the cast is wonderful , many familiar faces . The music is a nice blend with some great old Beach Boys thrown in regularly .
 ADAM SANDLER DID AN EXCELLENT JOB MAKING THIS MOVIE BOTH A COMEDY WITH ROMANCE . EVEN AFTER LEARNING OF HER MEMORY PROBLEM , STILL LOVED HER
 I would 've liked to know nothing else than I already knew , it said it was a rental at one time but in good condition and it came fairly quickly . A great movie and would buy from seller again !
 It is a gift for my granddaughter so I know it will be funny and she will be happy . She loves Adam Sandler
 thank you for shipping me the dvd as soon as possible . . it was really good although there was some scratches from the dvd but i dont mind it coz it is working perfectly fine ... thank you
 This movie is great . . I loved it . Although i wish it had a different ending . . which i wo n't give away . . but the product i bought was very good and i would reccomend it .
 I like this movie - I found it amusing and entertaining . It 's a unique story . The story does depict real life and its meant for entertainment so its not necessarily focused on being realistic . I would watch this one again and do n't have a problem paying regular price for it .
 This movie is really funny . This movie is good as a date movie . The story is really funny . Actors did amazing job .
 Adam is one the Best Actors out there.The Movie made me think what if someone you care for forgot who you were everyday.The Story plot is great.two leading roles are great.supporting cast is goodJubrilwww.jubril.comTeenage Business Phenom
 i completely loved this movie . i found it extremely cute . i love the way adam sandler makes drew barrymore fall in love with him over and over again . the movie mad me laugh quite a bit at the beginning , but seemed to lag the comedy effect towards the end . it is totally recommended for family viewing .
 I did n't like Adam Sandler before.But in this movie , he is O.K.I did n't like very much Drew Barrymore.But in this movie , she is great.I did n't like Peter Segal 's movie like `` Nutty Professor II
 This is such a cute movie with the beautiful backdrop of Hawaii . Henry avoids commitment by only dating tourists , but then he meets Lucy at a diner . When he comes back the next morning to have breakfast with her again , however , she does n't remember having met him . A friend then informs Henry that Lucy has no short-term memory due to a car accident . Every day she does the same thing , believing that it is still the day of the accident . Her family goes to great lengths to make her sure she still believes that , so she does n't freak out every day as she realizes the sad nature of her condition.But now Henry is involved . He ca n't get enough of this girl and is quickly falling in love with her , so he helps her move forward with her life . Every day he is presented with the challenge of making her fall in love with him . The idea behind the story is so unique and is pulled off very convincingly , with lots of fun and funny moments . Henry and Lucy make a cute couple and the acting is wonderful . The ending was perfect - very sweet . The only issue I had with the movie was the unnecessary profanity and occassional crudeness . Aside from that , this is a movie that I could watch over and over .
 Adam S. and Drew B. make a bangup team in this movie ! Drew is beautiful and quite an innocent soul . It had a satisfying , yet surprising ending . A good twist.It 's refreshing to watch a comedy with characters who HAVE character . Makes for an uplifting viewing.Drew B 's character wakes up every morning thinking it 's her father 's birthday ... the same day in which she had an auto accident that injured her memory.Adam Sandler falls for her and figures out a way for them to live happily ever after.Heartwarming and hilarious !
 Just like Drew Barrymore 's role in this movie , I want to relive this movie over and over again . It was a funny , moving and thought provoking movie . Drew plays a woman with a brain injury from a car accident and each day when she wakes up , she has no memory of the day before . She does a very convincing job of portraying this role . I was pleasantly surprised at the depth of Adam Sandler 's role in this movie . He plays the boyfriend of this woman , who must convince her to fall in love with him on a daily basis . He makes everyone watching the movie fall in love with him and his sensitivity to this woman . The humor he displays in this movie is subtle , but very funny . This is a movie I would recommend you buy , because you 'll want to relive the movie over and over .
 I saw this 2004 film on TV after seeing _ Never Been Kissed _ -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and _ Donnie Darko _ -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . The idea of continually reliving and reviewing one 's life in a day seems to me to be a new twist on a theme in the previous two films on time travel through changing states of mind . The amazon product reviewer for _ 50 First Dates _ this time notes that the film had lots of opportunities to do something more with the main plot theme . Still , the film did stick in my mind because Gene Wolfe , one of my favorite science fiction writers , wrote a novel , _ Latro in the Mist _ some decades ago about a literate Roman mercenary soldier in ancient Greece who also suffered brain damage so that short term daily experiences did not convert into long term memory . He too , like Lucy , keeps a diary/journal of the day 's events which he reads the next morning . Wolfe 's later fiction works develop through the storytelling and journal writing of his main characters , who love something
 I do love Adam Sandler and I thought him and Drew made a great pair in `` The Wedding Singer '' so I just had to watch this . I was not disappointed . It is refreshing to watch a movie where both fun things occur as well as there are well-written punch lines.Henry sees Lucy as a challenge being it she has lost her memory and he makes it his everyday job to make her fall for him . Sooner or later he 's bound to fall for her too . The real challenge is for him to come up with new methods to make her remember.It turns out to be a charming , romantic and very touching movie . One of the BEST movies in this genre to come out in 2005 !
 First off , I am NOT a huge fan of romantic comedies . In fact , I find most romantic comedies just `` OKAY '' with a sprinkle of romance and a few laughs here and there . That said , I was expecting much of the same old same old here , but I was honestly surprised to find myself really enjoying it.Henry Roth is a marine biologist in Hawaii . He never commits with any girl , and usually beds tourists because he does n't have to form an attachment to them and vice versa . One day however , out of coincidence he meets this beautiful girl , Lucy and of course it 's love at first sight . They hit it off but unfortunately , she has short-term memory loss and does n't remember him the next day . The story between Henry and Lucy ensues with an array of colorful characters like Lucy 's family as well as Henry 's friend , Ula and his kids -LRB- Ula 's , not Henry 's -RRB- . I 've realized that Adam Sandler 's humor is either a love or hate thing for most people . They either adore his jokes and catch every movie he 's in or they find it disgusting and skip every movie he 's in . Personally , I 'm not a huge fan of his dumbed down humor , I prefer humor that is a little intelligent , sarcastic and witty . That 's why I love movies like The Wedding Crashers . But I have to say , Adam Sandler really outdoes himself in this movie . The whole premise was intriguing . After the guy tries his best to woo the girl , and when things seem to go well ... she forgets him the very next day . Instead of `` understanding '' her problem and trying to fix it , he rolls with it ... and I guess that was what made this movie different . So Henry tries to make her fall for him every single day , and later adopts various methods to make the situation better . These parts of the movie were really sweet . Although many things Henry did ended up looking goofy , the movie captures certain moments when everything falls to place and you go `` awwwwww '' . It helps that they filmed the movie in Hawaii , where everything seems so tranquil and beautiful . Plus , Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore made a really cute couple . Barrymore especially has an innocence to her that makes it all seem so much more genuine . And to provide the really funny parts , they got Rob Schneider as Ula . I was laughing my ass off every time he came on screen . Lucy 's family was a hoot to watch as well.In short , this movie defines the term `` feel good '' . I had a great time watching it . The chemistry on screen between the actors was superb . The storyline was unique , a lot less typical than the 101 other romantic comedies out there . The jokes cracked me up . All in all , a very good movie . Watch it with your family , your loved one or even alone , especially when you 're feeling down ... it 'll lift your spirits . I watched this movie on HBO and have since bought the DVD . Seriously folks , highly recommended .
 Love stories that end happily are my favorite kind of movies . But I never thought I 'd be saying that about an Adam Sandler movie ! This movie was pure entertainment . I laughed hysterically during some parts and cried silently during the emotional scenes - they were tears of joy and I enjoyed every minute of it.This movie is not The Water Boy - thank goodness . It 's great to see Sandler stop doing movies mainly targeted to the adolescent male . I got a glimpse of his maturity in Spanglish and also in 50 First Dates . Maybe that 's why I loved both movies whereas his earlier movies were not for me . I do n't mind a little juvenile humor & goofiness - we 're talking about Adam Sandler here after all . But I was surprised to find this movie so warm and endearing.The only teeny-tiny weakness in the movie was Rob Schneider . He over-played his role as usual . Every time he came on-screen , he might as well have looked at the camera and winked ! Yup , he 's the new Chevy Chase but not as smarmy . Someone should have explained to them both that there 's a difference between a SNL skit and getting seriously into a role . This wonderful , funny and heart-warming movie deserved better .50 First Dates is now my favorite Adam Sandler movie and most definitely worth a DVD rental .
 I 'm a huge-fan of Adam Sandler 's work , and I got ta say that this is by far his best yet ! It combines comedy and drama together perfectly . 10 Second Tom is hilarious ! Watch this movie , you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is one of the funniest movies ever ! Adamn Sandler , my 4th most favorite actor next to Arnold Schwarzengger , Brad Pitt and Bruce Willis , does a wonderful performance as Henry , Lucy , the woman he is trying to help , is so sexy , there are so many funny sea animals at an aquarium in the film -LRB- like dolphins , penguins and walruses , who are said to have the biggest penis of any animal and the second biggest next to a man ! -RRB- as well as cool ones -LRB- like a shark -RRB- A lot of other people along with the ones mentioned are funny , such as a guy who has a shark wound but says sharks are peaceful and only attack if you grab them by the privates . There are all sorts of funny moments of fights , swears and sex as well as a happy ending and a terrific storyline , which is trying to improve the life of a woman with short term memory loss . If you like Adam Sandler , see this riot of a laughter maker movie ! My personal favorite part was when the walrus barfed on a guy ! HAHAHAHAAHAHHAAHAHAHAHHA !
 Every time I watch this movie , it makes me ` feel GOOD ' ! It proves that LOVE will find a way -LRB- although sometimes it takes a genius to figure out what that way will be -RRB- . I loved the romantic parts of this movie , especially the idea of the ` first kiss ' which Drew Barrymore got to experience over and over because of her short term memory problem.It could have been better without the crude humor but the relationship between Adam Sandler 's character and Drew Barrymore 's charactor is reason enough to watch this movie.The ending never fails to give me chills . . it 's heartwarming and terrific !
 The story itself is an interesting idea . The actors in this movie do an ok job at pulling off the material . While this is n't the ` greatest ' film out there it is still worth watching .
 This movie was hilarious , but the first time I seen it -LRB- which was back in October -RRB- I did n't understand the concept of the plot , so I watched it again with my Grandpa . I also told my friend about what I thought of it and she told me the concept . I totally understood it and became more interested in it . I rated this 5 stars , not only for the romance , but also for the humor . I like the scene where Henry is talking to this Hawaiian guy and he 's wearing shorts that are pink and way too small for him . When the guy turns around , you see his buttcrack . I 'm not kidding . You really have to see this movie , and I guaruntee you 'll say `` aloha '' to the humor and sweet , sweet romance . Hope this helps ! * Ashley *
 Yes Adam does always play the same role in every movie he does but I knew that going in . Overall I found this movie to be cute and sweet . I thought Drew Berrymore 's character was great , she did a wonderful job and I thought her comedic timing was great.I also thought Doug -LRB- Lucy 's brother ; played by Sean Astin -RRB- he was so funny . I thought Sean Astin was extremely funny in this role.Rob Schiender is funny , but he is also always playing the same weird bizarre/your character scares me roles that he got a bit annoying . Overall though I thought this movie was really good and is a perfect movie to see if you are on a date !
 50 First DatesHave you ever met someone and the next day they did not remember you ? That 's exactly what happens to Adam Sandler in 50 First Dates a movie of comedy , bribery and twisted loveIn this movie , Adam Sandler plays an aquatic vet and there are hilarious scenes where Adam dresses up a penguin and kisses a walrus . Adam Sandler is willing to make this woman fall in love with him everyday.Later on in the movie , Adam Sandler meets Drew Barrymore 's character . Adam and Drew talk and have breakfast , but the twist is that she will not remember him the next day . You see , Drew 's character was in a car accident and only remembers what happened before the wreck . Unfortunately , Adam 's character came along after the accident , so Drew does not remember him . But , Adam makes her fall in love with him all over every day.If you would like to go see this movie , be my guest , 50 First Dates , is one of the most hilarious comedies I have ever seen . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes Adam Sandler , Drew Barrymore or comedies , also for people ages 12 and up .
 One of Sandler 's best films ! What do you get when you have the 2 funniest actors/actresses today ? An awesome movie . And this is one !
 Amazon is being a pain in the a ** right now , Im not aloud to write 2 reviews on this any way Im editing my old review , I wrote this updated one on 1/7/05 , and it wont let me edit my star thing so heres my new review , I once said this was Sandler 's best film , but no it is not , unlike Eight Crazy nights , Big Daddy , Billy Madison , & The Waterboy , this got old , but it is still funny to watch 1-5 times , I am gon na list most of the Sandler films in order from best to worst.Big Daddy 5/5 , I dont know why I think this is his best film , but this never gets old.Eight Crazy Nights 4.5 / 5 , This is animated but is still one of his best films , even to watch after christmas.Billy Madison 4.5 / 5 , This is one of his earlier films , and one that doesnt get old.The WaterBoy 4/5 , Funny and it has a good lesson , still one of the better Sandler films.Happy Gilmore 4/5 , A golfer that has an anger problem.Mr . Deeds 4/5 , Probably the last one im going to put as a Sandler movie that doesnt get old.Little Nicky 3.5 / 5 , Still a pretty good film , but it dose get old if you watch it too much -LRB- like I did . -RRB- Bulletproof 3.5 / 5 , more of a drama , but still has funny parts , an Ok Sandler film .50 First Dates 3/5 , Yeah one you cant watch too much like I did , but still funny.Anger Managment 3/5 , same as 50 First Dates , dont watch it too much.Anyway I do still watch and like all the ones above , Im just telling you the best and worst of his films .
 This movie was great.Any movie with Adam Sandler in it is wonderful . This movie was so funny I laughed for hours , and so did my family . I love watching this movie . This is one of Adam Sandlers best movies . I also recomend Anger Mangement , also stars Adam Sandler . Also Big Daddy ... a great movie . I really enjoyed 50 First Dates .
 This movie is soooo funny even though Billy Madison is still my all time favorite Adam Sandler movie . The plot is funny but at the same time sweet . I definitely recommend this movie to any Adam Sandler fans like myself .
 From having seen `` The Wedding Singer '' I had really high expectations for this movie , luckily I liked it a lot ! Drew and Adam are just the perfect couple and it is such a nice and romantic story . Sometimes it 's a bit predictable and some of the jokes seem outdated but it 's not a big problem , I 'm sure anyone who enjoys cute and romantic comedies will like it !
 What would it be like to have to win your true love 's love over and over again everyday because he/she never remembers you the next morning ? That 's the summary of this movie , and it does n't fail at greatness.I enjoyed this movie to the fullest . Sandler and Drew B. do a fantastic job together on screen and have much chemistry . This movie is perfect . The funny moments are funny and the sad moments are very sad . This is a great love tale that kind of had a sad ending depending on your interpretation because the ending of the film can be seen in two different ways , watch to find out and you wo n't be disappointed
 I love this movie . It 's very sweet and touching . Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler have great chemistry . 50 First Datesis a delightful light hearted romantic comedy . Lots of laugh out-loud , I-can ` t-believe-they-did-that scenes and oh so plenty of heart warming moments . The relationship between the leads is endearing . The secondary characters are enjoyable as well . It is a fun escape from reality . 50 First Dates is a feel good movie that keeps you laughing.If you love While You Were Sleeping , The Wedding Planner , Maid in Manhattan , The Wedding Singer and Fools Rush In you will love 50 First Dates .
 My wife and I watched this movie over the weekend . We heard it was quite crude so we never really had the desire to watch it . Well , being bored with a house full of sick kids and not being able to pawn them off to baby sitters ... j/k We borrowed this video from family . We both loved it . Yeah , it had its crude moments as any Adam Sandler movie does ... Yeah , Adam Sandler plays the same old down to earth likable good guy ... But the story as my wife puts it , is `` really sweet . '' So I guess you could say the story was all chick flick , but it was funny enough for any guy to enjoy !
 The is definately a good movie . Barrymore and Sandler are perfect for each other with a chemistry made for classic movies . There was some cursing , shovanism and language at the beginning which set the tone for me thinking this was just another Adam Sandler flick , but it just got better from there . All the actors performed magnificently making this a movie you can watch over and over again without the humor getting old . The plot is original , very laughable and wonderfully executed . In the end , you feel very good . It is a good date movie , but not recommended if little ones are around . If you want to laugh , pick this one up .
 Adam Sandler & Drew Barrymore in a romantic comedy ... I loved it ! A man meets a woman who because she was in a car accident ca n't remember him from one day to the next so every day he has to find a way to get her to fall back in love with him!ISN ' T LOVE SO BEAUTIFUL?Henry Roth , a Vet whose afraid of commitments so he meets women on vacation wine , dine , and lie until the trip is over finds himself falling for Lucy the waffle teepee maker who is unaware of the fact that she does the same thing daily cause in her mind she 's a year behind.I thought that this was a nice romantic comedy and although all the other reviewers are blowing it like too predictable and comparing it to Ground Hog Day , I say that it was a good film that is good enough for a first date , maybe some of the guys will recall how well to treat the women !
 I loved it , it was funny and un-predictable . Something you ca n't find these days . .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the unique storyline of this movie . While romantic comedies are my favorite movies , this was one of the best I 've seen . While the main characters were great , the animals , Ulla and Ulla 's children were an added bonus . Even though you expect the characters to be together in the end , the journey in this movie is what made it better than most .
 This is the best movie I have seen in a LONG time , I dont know what it is that has made me watch it over 60 times already , and I am far from being sick of it , I seen it 4 times in theatres and I waited the 3 months until the day it was released to buy it , if you have n't yet seen it , watch it , better yet buy it , you wont be dissapointed , and I promise you no matter how many times you watch it , it is still as great as the first time !!!!!
 I LOVED this movie ! I ca n't believe I almost missed seeing it in the theaters . It started out with my thinking it was gon na be some movie where Sandler plays a serial dater/woman player . BUT all changes when he meets Drew . This is a great mix of on screen chemistry with romance , comedy , a couple of teary moments from Drew and a happy ending . Who does n't love a happy ending ?? Rent it , Buy it , See it ! Oh and if you 're worried about it getting bored by Sandler having to repeat the previous days activities with Drew , do n't . It 's a great way to watch them fall in love and spend 50 first dates .
 This movie , when it came out in theaters , was actually not that bad of a release . To see Sandler out there working the romance is a nice departure from some of his recent films . However , the big news on this DVD is that one of the previews is for the Seinfeld series to finally debut on DVD ! Now that 's something I ca n't wait for !
 Drew Barrymore is friggin hot . I want a threesome with her and Adam Sandler . Ya BABY !
 This movie is messed up . Im not going to go into any details because when I saw it , I didnt even know what it was about . This movie is very tragic ... and it doesnt leave you with any hope .
 I thought this was one of the absolute cutest movies . I hate to be cliche , but I cried , I laughed and i loved it ! it was awesome , Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler have great onscreen chemistry and they did it again in this movie .
 this is a fantastic film i may be biased as i love adam sandler but believe me it really is !!!!! sum people dont like him cos he can b too stupid but in this film u have the odd bit of the typical adam sandler style but not much throughout the film , its like a cross between the wedding singer -LRB- best film ever made -RRB- and groundhog day only really really funny drew and adam have a fantastic on screen chemistry that just makes them so believeable as a couple , n who could resist the charms of adam sandler . i would recommened this to all existing adam sandler & drew barrymore fans and those who think sandler is too stupid watch this and ull b pleasantly surprised .
 this movies is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . i watched it 3 nights in a row once . some times when i didnt have the best day i watch this because it always makes me laugh . this movie is funny , yet it can touch your heart . its about a girl who lost her short term memory in a car accident and a guy who makes her fall in love with him every day . you got ta see this !
 one of Adams best films along side The Wedding Singer and Mr. Deeds . Funny movie . worth buying
 Very well done . A funny movie with some great messages . And of course a great value from Amazon .
 50 first dates was one of the big romantic comedies of this year . It contains big actors and it had major marketing behind it . I 'm pretty neutral when it comes to Adam Sandler because he has couple of decent comedies but many very bad also . Drew Barrymore has convinced me just once in a good comedy -LRB- The Wedding Singer -RRB- , and that one time she acted with Adam Sandler so I started watching this movie with little expectation . Movie was following pretty normal comedy line . It was made with certain formula , kind a like that it have to please a certain amount of audience . In itself it 's not that bad thing , the movie was sometime funny but it did n't bring anything new to the comedy field . Also it shows that makers have to put a brake on some of the jokes just to keep the movie in that certain formula . -LRB- when they learn to make movies in more artistic way and less with dollar bills in their eyes -- > I bet that the movies would be much better and they would have as much as audience than they have now , or ever more ? -RRB- But now , back to the review
 overall , this was a pretty good movie . Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- suffers from short term memory loss due to a car accident on her father 's birthday . every day , she wakes up thinking that it 's her father 's birthday . Henry -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- is a local marine biologist who is afraid of commitment , so he has sex with tourists , then they go back to the mainland the next day . they meet , henry falls in love with lucy , then the next day she does n't remember him . Sue -LRB- the owner of the restaurant where they meet , and lucy 's friend -RRB- tells him about lucy 's problem . henry is determined to get lucy to fall in love with him every day . i love Ula , henry 's local friend . he 's really funny . I also love Mr. Tattoo Face -LRB- i forgot his real name , but thats what henry calls him . henry is Mr Peana Butta Cups -RRB- . Also , i was wondering , is Alexa a guy or a girl ? i could n't really tell .
 This was really fast shipping and seal wrap ... seller really has good prices and they have my bussiness again ...
 Silly and fun , but sweet ... this is one of our favorite date night flicks . Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are great together ... the location is awesome ... and the animals adorable . Not to mention Rob Schneider is his usual ridiculous self which offers some good laughs ; -RRB-
 The island is Hawaii , a temporary paradise for many women ; the man on the island is Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- also a temporary paradise . Unwilling to commit to anyone or thing but his boat.Then he meets Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- . After an accident she has lost her ability to transfer short term memory to log term . So every day since the accident is erased and she starts over . So the relationship starts from a bet and ends up who knows where if any where.At first it the film looks just like any old Adam Sandler film that only Sandlerights could like . Then it settles down to cute . Then it settles down to meaningful , finally you forget that you are watching a movie and then it is over . Drew excels in this movie and is very believable.The film would have come off a lot better with out all the Sandleright left over characters that contributed zip to the story . The two that came to mind is the brother Doug Whitmore -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- . And the what-not Alexa -LRB- Lusia Strus . -RRB- Another warning is that the version of DVD had a bunch of coming attractions after paying good money I do not need forced attractions at the beginning . Wait for a better release or just press the `` Menu '' button to escape them.Firestarter ~ Drew Barrymore
 The movie is awesome and my movie arrived with no problems and just as it was promised ... like new . Thanks .
 Adam Sandler & Rob Schnieder & Sean Astin are so funny . Drew Barrymore is enchanting . Cute story & great setting .
 This movie stars two of my favorite actors , Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler . I never miss a film made by either one , so having them together in this touching and hilarious film makes it a sure-hit for me.I 've watched it multiple times , and I never tire of this wonderful romantic comedy .
 I had real reservations about this movie at first . It seemed not only an overly-silly movie - but one with a questionable plot line . A guy is dating a girl with brain damage , and then has fun taking advantage of her?Still , I love Hawaii and thought I would give it a try . Slowly but surely the tale sucked me in . Adam Sandler plays a playboy aquarium worker . Each week he takes on another visiting woman , wines and dines her , then sends her on her way . He likes the short term romances with no memories.Suddenly into his life falls Drew Barrymore , a local woman with a past . It turns out she was in a car accident which damaged her long term memory ability . She wakes up every morning thinking it 's a specific day . She remembers clearly her life up until that point - but she ca n't make any new memories . So she 'll enjoy and have fun on her day with Adam , but when she wakes up the next morning , she 'll forget all about him and once again think it 's the morning of that same day . Unfortunately for her father , that day is his birthday , so he is stuck with birthday cakes every single day.Her father and brother -LRB- played hilariously by Sean Astin - Sam from Lord of the Rings -RRB- have tried various techniques over the weeks and found that she does best when they simply play along with her faulty memory . They give her an old newspaper , take her birthday present , watch her favorite movie with her , and so on . They expect to have keep doing this with her , every day , until she either heals or they pass away.You can see pretty quickly that this was n't a great long time plan , but you also feel for the dad and brother . They obviously love Drew and want to keep her happy . They resist at first when Adam begins to get into her life , but they realize how much the two care for each other . Adam starts to make `` wake up videos '' for Drew , so that when she first wakes up in the morning she can be gently brought up to date with the life she is n't able to remember.There are a few `` silly / gross '' jokes in here - almost as if the movie was made for young teens - but then there are also a number of sexual jokes / puns that are probably not appropriate for that age group . I thought in that sense that Wedding Singers was much better done , with an awesome balance of maturity and fun . This movie slides just a little bit into the immature category.But that is vastly made up for by the gorgeous Oahu scenery . If you 're lucky enough to make it to Hawaii , you can see many of the locations used in the movie . Sea Life Park might be a good spot to add to your list ! Locals also say that the Ula character is pretty dead-on as far as the laid back , casual attitude that is prevalent here.I 've watched this movie MANY times and it definitely has become one I enjoy greatly . There are many great lines , and the inappropriate jokes are easy to gloss over . Well recommended !
 I just saw this movie a couple of days ago and I have to say that the memory of it is sweetly lingering . I did n't have high expectations of it -- I thought it was going to be a silly slapstick sort of thing . I was pleasantly surprised.Don ' t get me wrong -- the movie is a little schizophrenic . It most certainly does have its sophomoric slapstick moments -LRB- and in my opinion , would have been a better movie if they 'd gotten rid of them -RRB- . But within the silliness is a sweet message about love and finding the person you are meant to be with . The chemistry between Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore is really outstanding . Their acting and commitment to their characters made me forget -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- about all the complications that would exist if Barrymore 's condition occurred in the `` real world . '' I truly believed that , yes , of course , that ending made perfect sense and may we all be so lucky in love!Get it , you 'll enjoy it .
 Imagine waking every day believing you were at exactly the same point in time , not being able to remember what you did yesterday , the people you met , the places you went to . Imagine being told every day that you suffered a terrible car accident that has left you without any short term memory . Well that 's the life sentence that has been dished out to pretty Hawaiian school teacher Lucy Whitmore and no matter what the efforts of her loving father and brother ; every day starts the same for poor Lucy.Henry Roth is the local veterinarian at the sea-life centre , a of dubious intentions to visiting tourist , but who falls head over heels in love with Lucy and even after realising her condition , makes it his life work to try to make some sort of relationship together.That 's the plot setting of `` 50 First Dates '' which sees the romantic comedy pairing of Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore once again grace the big screen with their lovely brand of sweet sentimental romance . With any romantic comedy at the end of the day it 's got the be the relationship the two leads can strike up that will make or break the film , and theirs is perhaps none better than these two , who play off each other wonderfully well and draw the viewer into their cosy smiley filled world.There 's some great support too , most notably from Rob Schneider as Ula , the Hawaiian shark friend , although the sharks do n't seem to repay the friendship . Sean Astin also chips in with a great turn as the bodybuilding brother of Lucy . There 's also some other tiny parts that still raise more than a couple of laughs , the Chinese guy at the restaurant and Henry 's sea-world colleague , Alexa to mention but two . Quick mention also for Dan Aykroyd who pops up as Dr Keats.There 's really not a lot more to say other than any fans of the genre should check the film out and I 'll challenge even the most severe of critics not to find something to enjoy in this.One final word for the ending which had the integrity and the honesty not to `` cop out '' and yet still wrap things up and let you leave the cinema or switch off the DVD player and let out a big `` Ahhhh ''
 This movie is hilarious ! When it came out , I was n't really interested in it , then one of my friends recommended it , So I thought ` What the hell ' and rented the movie . The first few minutes where the women -LRB- and a guy -RRB- talk about Henry and the excuses he gave to somehow not give them his number . Then came a girl who Henry told he 's a special agent and the whole speedboat thing , I laughed out . The other scenes just got better , and better.The special features were also nice . You got previews for Spider-Man 2 , Sienfield and 50 First Dates itself . Filmography for the cast and crew , outtakes , deleted scenes and so many more I ca n't remember.This movie 's a must have for any romantic/comedy fan.A reviewer with the heart to know-Penny -LRB- Who might even become a future critic ! -RRB-
 I usually steer away from Adam Sandler movies because they are usually all the same , with none of them any good at all , but this one was so much different that it left me pleasantly surprised . Sandler does a great job in a semi serious role , not the usual goofball . The storyline , although seemingly unbelievable -LRB- without really knowing if something like this is medically possible -RRB- , comes off pure and clean , evoking emotions and leaving you smiling.For those of you who are n't Sandler fans , give this one a go . For those of you who enjoy romantic comedies , this is a must . For those of you looking for a good movie , this one fits the bill . I would recommend this movie to anyone , and I am sure glad my sister bought it and left it lying around . An all around great movie .
 I absolutely adore this movie ! It 's sweet and funny . It makes you laugh and cry . I do admit that somethings in the movie were a little annoying , the little obvious things that were thrown in there , specifically bc they knew it would make people laugh . While , yes I DID think these little pieces were funny , they were somewhat annoying strictly bc they did n't seem to fit seamlessly into the movie ... as if they filmed the entire movie and thought `` we need more time and funny stuff '' and then cut and pasted these in.I convinced my bf to watch this movie with me and he liked it . -LRB- He found the small `` annoying '' parts completely hilarious ... go figure * ^ - ^ * -RRB- So obviously they did something right.I have to point out that someone mentioned earlier , Adam Sandler basically plays the same parts in all his movies . I 'm glad I 'm not the only one to have noticed this . While I like some of his movies , I do n't like them ALL . And I was n't really expecting all too much from this movie . I was curious about it , and was told that it was a really funny & cute movie . But I probably would n't have seen it , had I not bought it for my sister as a gift , and she insisted we sit down right then and watch it.Well , I 'm glad I did * ^ - ^ * This movie is DEFINATELY worth seeing ! -LRB- and buying ! -RRB- Although , I 've noticed this movie is about 50/50 . You 'll either love it or hate it . So I suggest NOT buying it until after you 've seen it , unless you are some sort of die-hard Adam Sandler or Drew Barrymore fan .
 When you think of the name Adam Sandler , the words `` romantic comedy '' certainly do not come to mind , but that 's indeed what 50 First Dates is . And it 's a great one.Adam plays Henry , a guy unable to commit with any woman , who lives by his own personal philosophy to not date any local girls because that means attachment . Then along comes Lucy . He 's literally `` blinded by the light '' when he first sees her , and you know that after a nice long conversation about fish smells and waffle houses that Henry has met his match . Just one catch -- she 'll have no clue who he is the next day.One of my initial concerns was that there would be no possible way to end this movie gracefully , let alone in a way that would please the audience . The ending is magnificent for what the movie is , and the audience will certainly be pleased.Adam has certainly found his niche . While his other films offer a whacked out Sandler , this one offers us a sweet and adorable guy that girls are sure to gush over , even with his egg shaped head . I know I did!Bottom line -- This is a great movie . If you love Sandler -- see it . If you love Barrymore -- See it -LRB- she 's convincing and cute -RRB- . And if you love a great romantic comedy -- see it !!! But do n't let the words `` romantic comedy '' scare you away . It 's almost hard to class this movie ... so see it no matter what !!!
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore star in this wonderfully funny film about true love overcoming any obstacle.Sandler stars as Harry Roth , a veterinarian at a Hawaiian zoo who meets Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- while having breakfast one morning . Harry is immediately attracted to Lucy , and they agree to meet again the next day . However , when Harry arrives back at the restaurant , Lucy has no memory of the previous day , or meeting Harry.The owner of the restaurant immediately calls Lucy 's father , and he explains to Harry that Lucy is suffering from a brain disorder suffered in a car accident . Her short-term memory lasts for only 24 hours , after which she forgets everything that happened the previous day . Harry is forced to introduce himself to Lucy every morning , and the entire process repeats itself . However , he has devised some ways to try to jar Lucy 's suppressed memories by making a video of the events that have happened since her accident.Little by little , Lucy seems to be remembering other things . She has also begun to keep a journal of each day she spends with Harry so she will remember later . They are also falling in love with each other . However , Lucy approaches Harry one day and tells him she wants to break off their relationship because she does n't think its fair for him to have to go through the same routine every day . She then checks herself into a hospital for patients with brain disorders . Meanwhile , Harry has decided to leave on his trip that he 's been planning to study marine wildlife . Will Lucy remember her accident and what has happened since ? Will Harry be able to convince Lucy he loves her despite her problems?This is an excellent movie . Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are terrific together , and their chemistry is first-rate . The comedy is very funny , and the supporting actors , especially the wise-cracking old Hawaiian man in the restaurant , do a very good job . I give this movie my highest recommendation . The acting is great , and the story is very funny , but it does have a serious side as well . The aspect of Lucy 's disorder is handled in a funny , yet compassionate way throughout the film . This is a great movie for couples to watch . Its not just a `` chick flick '' ; I enjoyed it just as much as my wife did . I give this movie my highest recommendation . You and your significant other will surely enjoy it .
 Like MEMENTO , this is a movie that deals with a person with `` short-term memory '' loss . I put the term I just used in quotes , because , although it is standard psychological term , it is clearly a confusing misnomer . `` Short-term memory '' is clearly NOT the shortest term memory that we have . If it were , a person who had lost all short-term memory could not complete an intelligible sentence . He or she would have no memory from one syllable to the next what he or she were talking about . But both the main character in MEMENTO and Lucy in this movie can carry on seemingly `` normal '' converstions with people over certain periods of time . Perhaps that is one reason why their disability is all the more troublesome . It can appear to be no disability at all for a while to any observer . Lucy in this movie could appear entirely to have a `` normal '' memory as long as she is awake during a given day . But after she had slept , one could observe that she retained no memory of the previous day . The guy in MEMENTO had a shorter period over which he could remember `` new '' memories , but still over a sufficiently short period , he remembered things `` normally '' so as to completely baffle somebody as to why he would have to write down the simplest of directions or he would promptly forget them . Neither movie paints any clear picture of what `` short-term memory '' is that concurs with or can build upon what little I learned about the term in the psychology course that I took . Allegedly , according to fans of one or both of these movies , losing `` short-term memory '' means no longer being able to form new memories . The paradox here is that these subjects efinitely DO remember new things , but only for short terms , It is said that their `` long-term memories '' ae intact , but in a literal sense of speaking , long-term memory of anythig happening after the accident that deprived them of `` short-term memory '' is excactly what they DON `` T have . So , when one loses `` short-term '' memory but retains `` long-term '' memory , memories of new events become troublesomely short-term . Should n't that mean that `` long-term '' memory is what is really impaired ? Maybe it all makes sense if properly explained . Ardent fans of movies like this often insist that it is all perfectly clear and those of us who point out the confusing paradoxes are just dummies . That does n't help . If more movies dealing with the subject are to be made , I hope some will really clarify it . By the way , subjects of movies do come to have long-term realization that they DO have `` short-term memory loss . And that is something that they could n't have learned before their accidents , because it was n't the case until after the accidents . Gee , I wish clarification could be found somewhere.What redeems this movie somewhat , to make it worthy of four stars , is that it does tell a touching and OFTEN coherent story of Lucy and her disability , even though it only confuses in implying both that her condition can `` never get better '' but also that she can learn to know and accept her condition better from day to day and she can form a long-term relationship with someone she met since her accident . Overall though , it tells a more coherent story than MEMENTO , and injects enough humor and charm to make a movie that is highly watchable . Some have said that the humor clashes withe the movie 's serious theme . I can see how it has that feeling at times . But if you consider where the movie would be without the humor , I think the humor more enhances than impairs the ability to make this a palatable story .
 You tell me : ADAM SANDLERDREW BARRYMORE50 FIRST DATESAdam Sandler and Drew Barrymore star together for the first time since The Wedding Singer in one of the funniest romantic comedies in years.Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- lives an enviable life in a Hawaiian paradise , spending every night with a beautiful tourist in search of an island fling . It 's a sweet life with no strings attached ... until he meets Lucy -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- . He and Lucy hit it off from the get-go , but the next day she acts like she does n't know him . Has his karma come around to kick him in the butt or what ? Actually , Lucy has short-term memory loss , so every night all memory of her day is erased . But a man in love will go to any lengths to win over the girl of his dreams , and if that means having to find imaginative ways of doing it over again every day , then Henry 's up for the challenge.Rob Schneider -LRB- Big Daddy -RRB- and Sean Astin -LRB- The Lord of the Rings trilogy -RRB- co-star in 50 FIRST DATES , which will win you over every time you watch it!PG -13 - PARENTS STRONGLY CAUTIONEDCrude sexual humor and drug referencesSPECIAL FEATURES-Director and Cast Commentary-Deleted Scenes with Optional Commentary-The Dating Scene
 50 FIRST DATES is one of Adam Sandler 's sweetest comedies and Drew Barrymore 's presence has got a lot to do with that . The story is set in Hawaii , so plenty of those nice , evocative sunsets . Barrymore is Lucy Whitmore , a cheerful art teacher whose automobile accident severely damages her temporal lobe , this causing her to relive the same day over and over -LRB- think of it as a less wintry GROUNDHOG DAY -RRB- . Blake Clark and Sean Astin are terrific as , respectively , her father and brother , who sacrifice their lives to play along , resetting things at the end of every damn night , so that Lucy 's life is made as uncomplicated as possible . No surprises for Lucy , goes the mandate . She wakes up to the same day , which is her father 's birthday . But what 's fair , really ? And how do you toe that moral line between easing a devastating trauma and outright living a lie?In steps Henry Roth , womanizing feller and yet sympathetic . Henry is a marine-life vet working at an aquatic park which means we 're privy to amusing animal shenanigans with the walrus and the dolphins and such . Adam Sandler plays Henry as quite likable and I even buy that he falls so hard for Lucy that he foregoes his lecherous , commitment-phobic ways . And what strikes a girl 's fancy swifter than the notion of a guy having to win the same girl every day all over again . As for the tone of the film , it 's not as much that Sandler 's leaning for crude frat-boy humor is toned down as much as it 's mitigated by an underpinning of warmth . And , really , put that down to Drew Barrymore . As in THE WEDDING SINGER , Sandler and the marvelously expressive Barrymore demonstrate an irresistible chemistry . These two make a fun , fun couple.Thing is , I 'm still the kind of guy who busts a gut at sophomoric gags . I think Rob Scneider is awesome as Ula , Henry 's good-natured but pretty messed-up assistant ; he provides plenty of the belly laughs . Surprisingly , Sean Astin , not exactly acclaimed for the funny , is hilarious as Lucy 's roided-up brother . Throw in Sandler 's sweet `` Forgetful Lucy '' song and a great surprise ending , and 50 FIRST DATES crosses off key items on the checklist
 50 First Datesis absolutely charming . Adam Sandler 's girlfriend -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- loses her short-term memory , so he must find a way to save their relationship when she does n't remember it . Of course , it 's totally unrealistic , but nonetheless heart-warming . This is a light-hearted movie and does n't really get philosophical about amnesia and love , but it 's good for a relaxing date movie.The movie also has adorable penguins and walruses and other animals , which make great supporting characters . Rather than Adam Sandler seeking advice from wise old men , he asks the walruses - with bizarre consequences !
 To be so much in love , to try to get your loved one to fall in love with you again and again every single day ... what more can I say ? It 's all told with Sandler 's performance ...
 This is a very nice and funny movie . . It is one of my all times favorite movies . .
 Great Romantic Comedy for everyone . This is about a player living in Hawaii who has one night stands with the hot women vacationing there . He soon realizes that he wants something more and decides to give up that lifestyle . While eating breakfast he sees Drew Barrymore and its love at first sight . For him . He goes to her table and talks with her and they hit it off right away . They talk throughout breakfast when she realizes she is late for a meeting . They make a date to meet at the same place the next morning . The next morning he shows up and sees her already sitting at the table . He approaches her and sits down . He starts talking and she kinda freaks out saying I do n't know you , I 've never met you before and runs out of the restaurant . The lady who owns the restaurant explains the situation . She has short term memory loss . She will never remember him . She lives the same day over and over and has been for over a year . He refuses to give up so every day he thinks of different ways to break the ice and talk to her . He tries to get her to love him each and every day . Sometimes it goes well and sometimes it does n't . He refuses to believe that she is n't starting to remember him when everyone else knows that is n't true and tries to get him to stop wasting his time .
 A young woman with impaired short term memory must relive the same day over and over again after a car accident . When a charming vet romances the memory impaired woman he must conjure ways to help her remember him as each day is new for her . Eventually he must decide if going on a first date every day is worth it .
 I guess I am in love with Drew Barrymore . She 's in a lot of great romantic comedies . Aside from Drew , this movie shows what a guy will go thorugh for the love of his life . They meet , the fall for each other . He finds out she ca n't remember longer than 24hours and yet he pursues her . Will they come together or wo n't they ? You have to watch it to find out !
 I know I messed that line up somehow but the sentiment is the same . This romantic comedy is quirky , cute and absolutely sugar sweet . Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore have onscreen chemistry that rivals Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan in this movie about a woman who is forced to live in the past because each day is like a repeat of the day before.Injured in an auto accident years ago , Barrymore is now being cared for by her father and brother , who take precautions to make sure every day is exactly the same . Why ? Because for Drew Barrymore is IS exactly the same . Every night she goes to sleep and every morning she wakes up with no memory of the day that has just passed . She thinks it is the morning of her car wreck . -LRB- Note
 In the long line of men who act like children Adam Sandler is probably the most successful . Here , with ` 50 First Dates ' he gives us a good reason as to why . Coupled with the talented Drew Barrymore he wonderfully crafts a funny yet sincere romantic comedy that whops a wallop of a tear jerking ending . The chemistry between the two stars is impeccable and believable despite the beauty factor of Barrymore and the goofy factor of Sandler . They work wonderfully together and Barrymore has proven to get the best out of Sandler for the second time . Arguably their first pairing in ` The Wedding Singer ' is a better movie , but that 's arguable since this little gem is just as funny and just as sweet.The story is one that could have gone either way in the genre department . Barrymore 's character Lucy is a beautiful Hawaiian native who attracts the attention of playboy Henry Roth , a native who entertains tourist women with good times and one night stands and loves the bachelorhood he 's built for himself . Lucy is different though , she 's otherworldly to Roth in a way , so much different than the girls he 's used to being with . Lucy 's main difference though is not anything Henry would have expected . Lucy has no short term memory . In fact she lives everyday as if it were the same day , going to sleep and waking up on her fathers birthday , the day she suffered a horrendous accident that caused her to lose her ability to remember anything after that point . This same plotline could have made a brilliant drama , but I 'm glad they went funny with this one.After Roth finds out Lucy 's problem he makes a special effort each day to make her fall in love with him again , not for the sheer satisfaction of the chase but because there 's something about Lucy that he ca n't let go of . He loves this girl . At first her father and brother are indifferent to the idea , opposed even , but when they see the positive effect that Henry is having on Lucy they decide that maybe this is n't such a bad idea.Adam Sandler , while still giving the audience the slapstick and comedy they are used to , delivers a more mature performance than most of his other comedic films . His relationship with Barrymore 's character is much more sympathetic then in previous films and is one the audience can get behind and cheer for . Barrymore though upstages Sandler every step of the way delivering an on point comedic performance that will make any fan proud . She 's beautiful , sweet , sincere and hilarious . The supporting actors all do a fine job , Rob Schneider delivering most of the big laughs as Ula the pot smoking father of a small tribe of children . Blake Clark and Sean Astin are good as Lucy 's father and brother and Pomaika'i Brown is hilarious as ` tattoo face ' , the chief at the local restaurant where Lucy and Henry meet.There are some one-liners in this film that almost take away from the effortless hilarity of the balance of the film . Dan Aykroyd has resorted to painful roles and this is one of them , a role littered with dialog that 's hard to listen to without cringing , and that Hawaiian native who gives the audience language lessons is more than annoying . Aside from this minor downfall the audience will have a great time watching Henry 's pathetic attempts at swooning Lucy , Ula 's hilarious attempts at helping him , not to mention his pathetic advice , but I 'm sure nothing will give the audience more pleasure than trying to decide just what gender Henry 's horny associate really is !
 I picked this movie up at the suggestion of my friends , not expecting to enjoy it . Boy was I surprised ! It 's a sweet movie ; the story of Lucy 's accident and recovery touched my heart . Add a few -LRB- okay , a lot of -RRB- one-liners and great music , and you 've got one good movie . Just do n't watch it with the youngsters , the movie has a fair amount of sexual content .
 Far too many have written off Adam Sandler as a one note performer whose draw as a feature film star is more based on luck than talent . The funny thing is that with all of his detractors , he continues to put out solid films that do well at the box office and more importantly , with his fans . While many of his films have depicted a bungler who runs into good fortune , perhaps his biggest hit involved an attempt to revive the romantic comedy in THE WEDDING SINGER . Now Sandler reunites with his co-star of that film , Drew Barrymore , and shows that the genre is still a valid one.Sandler plays Henry Roth , a vet at an aquarium in Hawaii . He plays life fast and loose , finding a new woman nearly every day and presenting himself as something he is not . Yes , Henry is a player who loves a one night stand . Until fortune sets him on course with the love of his life , Lucy -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- . Meeting by chance at a local restaurant over breakfast , the pair hit it off from the start . The attraction is a strong one , so much so that they make plans to meet the next day for breakfast again . But at that meeting , Lucy acts as if she has no idea who Henry is . A quick chat with the owner and Henry finds out that Lucy is suffering from a rare brain disorder.It seems that she was in an accident a year earlier and the damaged tissue in her brain is that responsible for short term memory . She retains all of her memories prior to the crash but nothing after it . Each day begins as that morning she set out with her father . Her father -LRB- Blake Clarke -RRB- and brother -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- have been perpetuating the myth by passing off the duplicates of that day 's newspaper while the family friends at the restaurant keep her thinking it is that day as well.Her family tries to chase Henry off , but he is so smitten that he continues to find ways to see Lucy . Then one day her father calls him over to talk to him . Noticing that she only sings the song that was he and his late wife 's song on the days she meets with Henry , they think that perhaps she is making some progress . And so he begins to encourage the couple seeing each other.Then Henry gets an idea . He makes a video for Lucy to watch each morning , showing her what is going on and letting her know what is happening . Each morning becomes a first date for the couple , each kiss a first kiss.When Lucy discovers that Henry has canceled a trip to do research in Alaska to stay and be there for her , she makes a decision . She asks Henry to help her erase all of her memories of him from her journal so that she will forget Henry . In doing so , he would be free to fulfill his plans . Can these two find a way to make the relationship work?This film works on all levels . It is a funny comedy showing the different ways that Henry tries to approach Lucy and win her favor day after day . And it works as a romance because no matter how he does it , he always gets Lucy to fall in love at first sight with him each day . It 's a feel good movie that offers a unique twist in the solution it poses by film 's end.Sandler does a great job here , not playing the usual buffoon that he does , but showing a soft romantic side . He is growing as an actor and does a great job . The same can be said of Barrymore who has become a much more gifted actress than I think many would have expected of her.The movie is a great family film with only a few touches here and there that might yield themselves for further explanation with the kids at a later date . But on the whole , it is funny , touching and moving for the adults.If you 're looking for a good time while watching a movie , then this is the one to pick . It delivers on all accounts and will leave you with a smile on your face and in your heart .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore give memorable performances in this very funny romantic comedy . Do n't worry guys this is n't a total chick flick just kinda . This movie was shot in the very beautiful state of Hawaii . Of course the Sandman makes this movie very worth buying .
 I love this movie . It 's just so cute and I love to see Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore paired together . They just have such great chemistry
 50 First Dates starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore is their second outing for the two actors , no this movie is not a sequel to the huge hit film , The Wedding Singer , this is a new and different movie starring the two loveable ninnies . 50 First Dates is a sweet and funny film . Barrymore plays Lucy , she was involved in a horrible car accident in her hometown of Hawaii , the accident caused her short term memory loss , every morning she repeats the same day over and over again . Henry -LRB- Sandler -RRB- is afraid of committement but to his chargin he ends up falling head over heels in love with Lucy , he soon learns about her condition and stops at nothing to get her memory back , so everyday Henry goes out of his way to make Lucy fall in love with him every chance he gets . I highly recommend checking out this under-appreciated gem . Enjoy !
 I give this movie 4 stars for the first time I saw it . It was really funny and I enjoyed it . The second time though it was n't the same . I already knew everything that was going to happen and it just was n't the same as the first . To me this movie is good to watch once . It does star Adam Sandler , Drew Barymore , Sean Astin , and Rob Schneider though so that was good .
 Quite honestly , I did n't expect much from this movie , although I enjoy Drew Barrymore 's acting most of the time . However , I was pleasantly surprised . This film has everything - romance , poignance , comedy , tragedy , all set against the beautiful scenery of Hawaii . My son -LRB- 14 -RRB- also enjoyed it , especially the very funny scenes where Adam Sandler `` encounters '' Drew Barrymore on the road day after day . An excellent movie , well worth seeing .
 I was n't sure what to expect when I went to see this movie . Although I had n't seen the trailer , the plotline sounded interesting and I like Drew Barrymore so I decided to check it out.Was I ever pleasantly surprised . This movie was very refreshing with a plotline I had n't seen done before . It was sweet and cute and funny and heartwarming and it had a good soundtrack . I enjoyed just about every minute of it which does n't happen very often with the movies that are out these days . The animals were also very cute.If you like romantic comedies and want to see something different , go see this movie . I plan to see it a few more times at the theatre and also buy the dvd .
 im sad that the regular dvd had more special features than the blu ray version , i loved watching the music videos and such on the regular dvd , this one is just blah but good
 I have only recently begun to purchase movies in Blu Ray , and Blu Ray 3D . This was one I wanted to have , because it is colorful , with a lot of fun music , and one that you can see over and over , yet laugh every time . I purchased this along with What Happens In Vegas and Wedding Crashers , but this is the best of the three .
 my husband and I went to see this movie , and it had some great laughs , we love adam sandler and drew barrymore in the wedding singer and loved them just as much in this movie .
 This is my all time favorite movie . I was so upset when my dvd of this movie broke . I was so glad when I got this new blue-ray version .
 Love this movie ! Adam Sandler does n't over-act and Drew Barrymore is really cute . The movie set in Hawaii which gives it a good , funky feel .
 This is one of the great movies . You can watch this over and over ! One of the few Adam Sandler movies I will watch !
 I love this movie . Every time I see it wan na go back to Oahu ! And dye my dark brown hair blonde .
 I 'm not a fan of either Adam Sandler or Drew Barrymore but I do n't think there is another pair of actors that could have `` sold '' this story the way they did . It is one of the funniest but also the most touching movies I 've ever seen . I 've watched it at least 20 times and I 'm sure I 'll watch it at least 20 more . Every member of the supporting cast is perfect . They took an unbelievable story and made it utterly believable at least for people like me . By the end of this movie I wanted to believe that with enough love they could make it work and the way it was handled made it possible for me to believe it . I ca n't say enough about the direction of this film . Just wonderful . Nothing is forced . It just flows . And , they did n't `` sell out '' or `` cater to the audience '' by creating a perfect ending with a `` cure '' for Lucy . Of course , choosing to set it in Hawaii was genius and the added touch of the animals at the sea world park was also genius . If you have n't seen it and you want to see a very superior romantic comedy then buy this movie . I absolutely ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 One of my wife 's favorite movies for wintertime . Loves the scenery when it 's cold and snowy here in southeast Ohio .
 This movie was dedicated to Adam Sandler 's father . If you watch the movie , it is after the credits at the end of the movie . Adam wrote a dedication page about this movie & his father . Very touching & very neat . I thought that should of been before the movie started , that way more people would get to see that part . We were the only ones left in the theater watching credits . Not that many people watch the credits anymore.Rob -- Drew -- Adam did a great job with this movie . We loved Willie the penguin & the Walrus . The dolphins were great as well . Since he was a marine biologist . He worked very well with the Walrus & the penguin . Very cute & very funny.Very funny & will definately purchase this movie when it is available . This movie will make you laugh . Really enjoyable movie to watch . Has some sad parts when Drew ca n't remember what happened just yesterday.If you get a chance , check it out , you wo n't be disappointed . This movie will make you laugh & have a good time . That what a good comedy movie is all about . Great movie -- two thumbs way up !! You will want to watch this movie again & again . Very enjoyable .
 I love this movie ! It is a funny , romantic comedy . I could not stop laughing !
 Although I am a fan of Adam Sandler , some of his films are stupid and have to much emphasis on drugs and sex . This did not . I really liked this movie because of the fact it was a comedy but yet a romance . The plot line is one that is becoming used more where the man has to continually make the girl fall in love with him . A good movie to have in your collection .
 One of my wife 's favorite movies . If you could wear out a DVD , this one would have disintegrated from watching it so often .
 I used to dislike Adam Sandler films , but I think he 's mellowed and has softer edges these days . Drew Barrymore is perfectly cast . This is a pleasant distraction that requires only that yoju wear your heart of your sleeve .
 this movie was made for adam sandler . this movie is hilarious , can you imagine yourself in his shoes . but adam makes it funnier . this movie is worth a watch
 Such a great price for an all-time fave ! Ca n't beat it . It 's a must have , for sure . I 've seen it so many times but enjoy it the same as I did the first time . Some cheesey parts but definitely cute and the soundtrack is superb !
 The dvd came in perfect condition , earlier than expected , which I like and the only thing is that sux is why dont they have dvds in spanish much now ? But its all good
 I ca n't say much that the other reviewers have n't already said . This movie has some freaking hilarious scenes - my most favorite one is where Adam Sadnler 's character is at the diner and fake crying because he is acting as if he does n't know how to read , wailing and moaning and sobbing to catch the attention of the girl he wants .
 Due to the fact that it 's just a movie , it does not warrant a review other than it works fine .
 This movie is funny and , often times , ridiculous -LRB- as most Adam Sandler movies tend to be -RRB- . However , it 's also incredibly sweet and makes me tear up -LRB- yes , I 'll admit it -RRB- every single time I watch it . I absolutely adore this movie .
 This is a great movie with lots of great one-liners , as expected from any Adam Sandler movie . Great cast , great message , overall very entertaining . It 's definitely worth seeing and personally , one of my favorites that I watch over and over .
 Like the title says , it was great if you like this sort of movie . Just the right amount of sappy mixed in with a good dose of funny .
 My husband and I absolutely LOVE this movie . We rarely watch a movie more than once but have viewed Fifty First Dates numerous times and will be watching it even more now that I am purchasing the DVD .
 50 First Datesis absolutely charming . Adam Sandler 's girlfriend -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- loses her short-term memory , so he must find a way to save their relationship when she does n't remember it . Of course , it 's totally unrealistic , but nonetheless heart-warming . This is a light-hearted movie and does n't really get philosophical about amnesia and love , but it 's good for a relaxing date movie.The movie also has adorable penguins and walruses and other animals , which make great supporting characters . Rather than Adam Sandler seeking advice from wise old men , he asks the walruses - with bizarre consequences !
 50 First Datesis absolutely charming . Adam Sandler 's girlfriend -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- loses her short-term memory , so he must find a way to save their relationship when she does n't remember it . Of course , it 's totally unrealistic , but nonetheless heart-warming . This is a light-hearted movie and does n't really get philosophical about amnesia and love , but it 's good for a relaxing date movie.The movie also has adorable penguins and walruses and other animals , which make great supporting characters . Rather than Adam Sandler seeking advice from wise old men , he asks the walruses - with bizarre consequences !
 Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- is a womanizing veterinarian working on Oahu and preying on visiting tourists . Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- is a school teacher who suffered a traumatic head injury that results in her keeping her long-term memories prior to the accident , but wipes her short = term memories clean every 24 hours.Roth falls for her , but finds himself having to get her to like him every day ... 50 + first dates ! Sandler and Barrymore demonstrate a mutual chemistry that makes you believe they like each other ! And the secondary characters in this film , from Whitmore 's father and steriod-using brother toThis is a cute romantic comedy , but Adam Sandler 's crude banter got a bit tedious for a character supposed to be tender and supportive . This persona fits him perfectly in , say , Happy Gilmore . However , it is a leap to expect that a philander changes his lifestyle so abruptly . Ah , Hollywood ! And there is a strangeness with the secondary characters in this film . Lucy Whitmore 's father and steriod-using brother , as well as the employees at the cafe where Lucy goes every Sunday -LRB- and for Lucy , now every day is that Sunday -RRB- \ -RRB- are so caring and protective of Lucy . Henry Roth 's friends , however , are crude or ... strange.Still , it was a fun movie to watch , and the ending is surprising and upbeat .
 I usually despise Adam Sandler . I find his brand of humor cheesy and distasteful . However , I must confess this movie captured me . Drew Barrymore is extremely charming , probably along with Ever After . The soundtrack , which uses mostly songs from the 1980s covered by current artists conveys perfectly the nature of this movie . Rob Schneider , another person I ca n't stand is actually extremely funny . And Sandler is great , measurate and endearing . Even the scatological jokes work ! This is a great , enjoyable date movie , one you can have to fall in love in it again . If it is 4 stars it is because a couple of Sandler 's routines irritated me a little bit but the movie was surprisingly good . Rent it or buy it .
 This is a funny movie but also sad she got into an accident losing her short term memory , and her father and brother have to do the same thing everyday , but it is funny and all should see it . Drew Barrymore is very hot , which is another good thing about the movie .
 I 'm starting to really like Sandler movies , and 50FD is no exception . The movie is a nice romantic comedy that will leave a smile on your face . It 's funny , and much better than other Sandler movies . A real winner .
 Sandler and Barrymore-together again for the first time since The Wedding Singer!This is a great comedy about a womaniser who changes his ways when he finally meets his soulmate.But there 's a twist . She suffers from a rare condition that makes her forget everything she does from one day to the next!Now the guy has to come up with ways to make the girl fall in love with him-every day ! There is a happy ending but I wo n't ruin it for those who have not seen it.This is Sandler at his very best , and Barrymore never looked so gorgeous ! She has come a long way and is one of the top talented actresses out there.Order 50 First Dates today !
 This is a really good , heart-warming comedy . As far as Sandler 's movies go , this is the best in my opinion , which is not to say much , since I think he made quite a few mediocre ones . The story is about a guy -LRB- Adam -RRB- who falls in love with a girl that , since an accident a year earlier , has not been able to gain any new memories past the current day . The accident was on her father 's birthday , so she thinks everyday of the year is it , making everyone around her put on a show . A little unbelievable , but the movie does make the story work quite nicely.In 50 First Dates , the viewer sees a side to Adam Sandler that is not known ; he does his usual physical and witty comedy , but he also demonstrates a sensitive side . Drew Barrymore also is very funny , though her character is by nature a strange one -LRB- with no memory beyond a day -RRB- . The supporting cast is outstading , especially Rob Schneider , who definitely adds to the comic nature of the movie.The story is also a very creative one , with a couple of loose ends but that can be overseen . For example , Lucy -LRB- Drew -RRB- is shocked when she first finds out that the life she is living is not real ; the next time she finds out , she is a little less shocked , and even less the next time , when we know there should be no diference , since she has no memory of the previous day.Overall , I highly recommend it to anyone who likes comedy . It is one of those movies in which you leave the theatre smiling .
 After the wedding singer , Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are back agin for this hit that would be hard to forget even if you had Lucy 's memory.Here 's the plot , the interviews and trailer did n't really help me understand what the plot is about , so here 's my go at a better one : Henry -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- is a marine biologist who dreams that one day the ship that he 's been working on really hard could sail around the island of Hawaii.Until one day he falls in love with a girl at first sight at a diner.Even though he 's promised himself he 'd only get to know tourists since he wo n't have to commit himself to one person and enjoyed the quick encounters he has the girl believe he 's somebody else completely in , there was something about this girl , Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- that really caught his attention.The first day goes smooth but the second day she acts like she 's never seen him before . . That 's when he gets acquainted with that she has day-long memory , and her father and brother have to pretend it 's her father 's birthday everyday because that 's when she got in the accident that cost her her short term memory ... she has found out before and been heartbroken only to wake up the other day without a clue , but Henry is n't willing to give up on her , even when her brother and father tell him to stay away . . he uses his knowledge of the previous days to win her love over again everyday ... and maybe there is a solution . . this movie is funny , but really moving also.I recommend it to everyone.This movie really got my attention and was n't soon forgotten . . it really is a new type of movie , it could really appeal to your taste , you know how variety is really delicious !
 If you belive in love at first sight , this movie is for you ... to what extent would you go to live with a person you love ?
 50 First Dates , is a romantic comedy about an aquatic veternerian , named Henry , -LRB- played by Adam Sandler -RRB- who enjoys being a player of women . He works in Hawaii , and usually dates the tourists that visit there , but he never wants to commit to a long-term relationship . Henry just wants to date women and leave them . He lies to them saying that he has to leave the country or that he is a secret agent on a top secret assignment . One morning while going for breakfast at a local cafe he meets Lucy -LRB- played by Drew Barrymore -RRB- and there is instant attraction between the both of them . After they talked they promised to meet at the same cafe for breakfast the following day . Next day comes Henry , sees Lucy , but lucy does n't remember who Henry is and gets freaked out . We Find out that Lucy was in a car accident , which caused her some brain damage . The brain damage affects her short-term memory -LRB- though her long-term memory is still intact -RRB- . Lucy forgets things following day . Lucy lives with her dad and brother who are protective of her because they do n't have sleazy men to take advantage of lucy 's memory lapses -LRB- or use her for sex only -RRB- . Henry is love-struck however , and he is determined to prove to them all that his feeling for Lucy are real . Every day he introduces himself to Lucy and get her to fall in love with him . He always has to start over the next day , it may sound repetitous , but they added different scenes to make the dates feel and look different each time . Sandler detracts from the man/child character typecast from his other movies
 From the director of Anger Management comes the delightfully hilarious `` 50 First Dates '' . Adam Sandler reunites with his `` Wedding Singer '' co-star Drew Barrymore along with Sean Astin -LRB- The Return of the King -RRB- and Rob Schneider -LRB- The Hot Chick -RRB- . Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- is a womanizer who looks for a fling then dumps her for the fear of long time commitment.But one day in a restraunt he sees Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- and falls in love at first sight.He talks to her and it seems he may have found his soulmate.Problem is when he comes in the next day she does n't seem to remember him.He finds out she has short term memory loss , and then begins the foolish and sometimes hilarious attempts towin her over the next day , and the next day , and the next day.Problem # 2 is that her father and her brother -LRB- Astin -RRB- want him tostay away from their daughter thinking all Henry wants is a one night stand.But Henry refuses to stop making the movie get funnier and funnier until the last 15 minutes when it turns into a happy sappy ending , that makes the movie slow up a little bit.Rob Schneider is hilarious as Henry 's friend Ula or something like that.George Wing who wrote the script shows a promising screenwriting career.And also , this is one of Sandler 's best films.Not his funniest , but one of his best.Lets hope his nextdrama `` Spanglish '' can match this.B -
 but seriously , i laughed so hard watching this movie , that stuff came flyin outta my nose . It 's wayyyy better than Sandler 's last 4 projects , which really were n't that funny . Well , okay , mr. deeds was kinda funny ... anything with steve buschemi ... i digress.if you 're a first timer and you 're expecting some serious dramatic moments , then good news , there 's a walrus in the movie which plays the part to perfection.on the whole , really funny , good ending ... kinda bittersweet , okay i cried - so sue me!what 's the movie about ? good question.let 's see if i can answer that in a few sentences ... pineapple , amnesia , beach boys and a walrus : D
 I really enjoyed this movie . Here we have a lovely young woman , played by Drew Barrymore and a playboy , played by Adam Sandler that fate happens to draw together . Our fair lady has been in an accident and is now left with short term memory . Our young man can not help but fall in love with her and against all odds decides they are going to have a life together.Perhaps I am a Romantic , or I just love happy endings but I really did like this movie . Although it did n't end perfect , and they still had challenges to overcome ; it showed if you have love you can conquer mountains , and life may very well be what you make of it.This is a good movie to remind us all of that fact . Enjoy!Shirley JohnsonSenior ReviewerMidWest Book ReviewDenise 's Pieces
 This movie is great for young and old . Me and my five year old watch it over and over again and laugh the whole time .
 I am not a huge Adam Sandler fan , but occasionally , he makes an okay movie . In my opinion , his only truly good movie has been The Wedding Singer ; in an attempt to revisit the chemistry that he had with Drew Barrymore in that film , the two have been reunited in 50 First Dates . While not as good as their first matchup , this is nonetheless a decent movie.The premise of the story is that Barrymore has been injured in an auto accident and as a result has lost her short-term memory . Every day , she wakes up and thinks it is the same Sunday when she had the accident . Sandler falls for her , but every day needs to win her again . It is Groundhog Day in reverse
 Generally , I like Adam Sandler 's movies . I love `` Happy Gilmore '' as well as `` Punch-Drunk Love , '' which are two very different movies that are good for very different reasons . `` Happy Gilmore '' is simply good-natured broad comedy that keeps the laughs coming , and `` Punch-Drunk Love '' is an unusual low-budget drama that demonstrates that Sandler is a good actor as well as a good comedian . `` 50 First Dates '' falls somewhere between those two films in terms of tone and of Sandler 's character . It has many funny parts -LRB- including a great golf bit for us `` Happy Gilmore '' fans -RRB- , but takes the time to establish Sandler 's character . He delivers a great performance . So does Drew Barrymore , whose inherent likeability really shines . She is very believable in this role , which calls for her to have quite different responses to Sandler at quite different times.Perhaps the biggest flaw in this movie is the instant change in Sandler 's character from an island Casanova to a devoted one-woman man when he meets Barrymore . However , I just did n't dwell on it too much ; the film would also have us believe that he lives in an apartment in a marine park that has a window opening onto the big aquarium tank , which is ultimately far less believable -LRB- although it is pretty cool -RRB- . The cinematography is beautiful ! This movie looks far more cinematic than most comedies , which are often shot as if they were made for television . The colors are bright and rich , and Hawaii has rarely looked more like paradise . You will want to get the widescreen edition to fully appreciate how great this movie looks .
 Adam and Drew either really like each other or just have great screen chemistry because even the most juvenile moments seem sweeter when they are played off of each other . The premise is not so new -- the old amnesia thing -- but the idea of trying to make somebody fall in love with you again everyday provides ample opportunity for some silly , sweet wooing . Like the Wedding Singer before it , these two display a great timing with and appreciation of what each other brings to the screen . Sean AStin is also quite amusing in a supporting role . There is also a nifty reggae soundtrack that reworks some of the 80 's classics . Overall it makes for an sweetly enjoyable diversion .
 I love this . I was n't going to even watch this at first until I saw how great Adam Sandler was in Big Daddy , so I thought , `` heck , I got ta get this !! '' and I 'm really glad I did because Adam Sandler is AWESOME in this . I especially like the part where Adam 's character is on his boat near the ending , where he 's about to leave . The first time I saw this and it came to that part , for those of you who 've seen it , specifically the part where he turns his music off and cries against the wheel , that 's when I completely fell for Adam . That 's not the only good ` not-too-funny ' part , the whole thing is great , but that is my favorite part . Take my word , whether you like Adam Sandler or not , get this , it is downright fantastic .
 Can I just say that I LOVE this movie !!! This is now my favorite romantic comedy !!!! Drew and Adam 's chemistry is perfect !!! I loved almost everything about this movie . The only thing I did n't like was Rob Schneider -LRB- ? -RRB- . He was funny , but kinda silly . Anyways , the premise of the story is cool . Lucy was involved in an accident and it affected her ability to remember ANYTHING past the day of the accident . Adam 's character does not realize this at first , but when he does , he tries EVERYDAY to help Lucy cope with finding out about the accident.What follows is absolutely the SWEETEST thing you could ever imagine someone doing in this situation . He helps her find out what happened to her every day and proceeds to make her fall in love with him everyday . I 'm not sure how realistic the injury is portrayed , but even still , the patience he uses to make her feel comfortable with him is incredible . Gosh , this movie was so darn sweet , I could go on forever!I am also glad that the writers and producers did n't cop out . That would have been a MAJOR letdown . The movie ended in the best way ... a way I would have never imagined ... hence the `` bittersweet '' in my review title.Btw , the theme song for the movie is the Beach Boys ' `` Would n't it be Nice . '' I , a primarily RnB kinda girl , ordered a BB 's greatest hits ONLY for that song ! It fits the movie perfectly and I had to have it !! LOLTHUMBS UP TO DREW AND ADAM FOR FIFTY FIRST DATES !!!!
 OMG I just totally love this movie ! its soooooo sweet and adam sandler actually isnt an ass the whole time . It just makes me wanto cry because it so sweet . Its also hilaious .
 Adam Sandler is a great actor , but this movie is probably one of his best . Adam and Drew have wonderful chemistry , and I was really surprised on how romantic this comedy was . This was better than The Wedding Singer . Adam sang to Drew , and I was wishing I was her !! I went to see it 4 times in theaters , and that was n't even enough . I ca n't wait to see it again . You must see this movie , you wo n't be disappointed !!
 Well , when you hear of an Adam Sandler movie , a natural reaction is that you think that the movie is a hilarious comedy , but in this case , that 's not entirely true . Do n't get me wrong , the movie is FUNNY , persay , but I do n't think I would catagorize it as a true comedy.If you 're looking for an Adam Sandler type comedy , I 'd rather recommend There 's Something About Mary , which is a comedy with Ben Stiller and Cameron Diaz , than this movie.But do n't get me wrong , this is a good MOVIE , but not a good comedy . Rob Schnieder 's role is just plain dumb , but Drew Barrymore is what truly makes the movie worthy of watching . She did an excellent job . You have to be a die-hard Adam Sandler fan for you to appreciate his performance in this movie . If you are watching this movie for Adam Sandler , then this is a pure waste of your time , but if you 're watching this movie for Drew Barrymore , it 's well worth it !
 I went to see it at the cinema , i had waited ages for it to come out . I go on this website showing you when things are comin out and a couple of months ago it said about 50 first dates . I was so dying to see it . Then in the paper it was there , The film was brill , it is about a man henry roth -LSB- sandler -RSB- who meets a girl lucy whitmore -LSB- barrymore -RSB- in a cafe . She goes in everyday and he meets her , but the next day he sees her , she dose n't remember him . She remembers long term things but not people she as just met . Anyway , she eventually as a relationship with him but still , he tries his very best to get her to remember him . The funniest part was when they slept together and she screams when she thinks she went bed with a stranger . It actually all started when she was in a car crash 1 year ago and she is part memory loss . SOOOOOOOOOOOO cool .
 Henry roth -LSB- adam sandler -RSB- , meets lucy whitmore -LSB- drew barrymore -RSB- in a cafe , she goes in there daily building waffle houses , she as a short memory loss due to a terrible car accident 1 year ago and the next day she sees him again she dose n't remember him , But he begins to see her more often even though she can hardly say anything but hello to him . They begin a relationship together , but as soon as she wakes up next morning , he 's a complete stranger to her . And to her there 50 dates have been her 50 first dates . ROMANTIC AND QUITE FUNNY IN PARTS .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore make a great couple ! the storyline promises greatness but it 's even better ! After the intial fun of such a subject -LRB- drew 's character has no short term memory -RRB- they get to the meaningful part of the movie and just makes your heart fly it 's so great ! A must for everyone !!
 50 First Dates is a cute love story . I really thought it was funny ... . especially the scenes with the animals -LRB- Sandlers character works in a Marine Animal center -RRB- . Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler are great together . It is very touching to see how Sandler 's character keeps trying to romance Drew 's character , as he comes up with all sorts of different ideas . This was a very enjoyable movie .
 I expected little from this movie but it ended up being quite a sweet and funny movie . Adam Sandler plays an animal vet trying to win the heart of Drew Barrymore , a brain-damaged woman who wakes up each day forgetting the previous one . Each day Sandler 's character woos Barrymore 's character with surprisingly amusing stunts like pretending to be a kidnap victim so Barrymore 's character will pull off to the side of the road and help him out ... the jokes are vintage SNL . But the heart of the movie is the love story between Sandler 's and Barrymore 's characters that is reminiscent of a casefile from neuropsychologist Oliver Sachs . Sachs writes about true stories of people with severe brain damage who exhibit bizarre symptoms ... such as the man who mistook his wife for a hat ... which is also the title of one of his books . The supporting cast , consisting of Sandler 's SNL buddy Rob Schneider as well as Barrymore 's character 's father and brother , are immensely amusing . Overall , the movie is certainly worth the seven or eight bucks to get into the theatre ... especially if you go with friends ... that way you can laugh together .
 This is Adam Sandler 's best movie and my favorite too . This movie poses the question
 I first saw this movie on a flight from Miami to Paris , and it was OK . I saw it again , and I loved it . It 's a brilliant mix of comedy , romance , and a lot of sick minds -LRB- my favorite -RRB- . If you get the DVD , the blooper reel is totally hillarious . I hope you like it , too .
 I am a very big fan of Saturday Night Live comedians like Norm McDonald , Will Ferrell , Chris Kattan , etc , but Adam Sandler , he is my second best comedian . -LRB- following Chris Farly , rest in peace -RRB- This guy 's great . I 've seen all of his movies except `` Bulletproof '' . I laughed very hard on `` Happy Gilmore '' , `` Billy Madison '' , `` Anger Management '' , belive it or not I also laughed on `` Mr. Deeds '' and this one too.I think this movie is more romantic than funny . But I laughed more than cried . This one is hilarious ... I LOVE ULA ... that 's the best character , for me , on this movie . He is HILARIOUS . Rob Schneider is fantastic , one of the best . Anyway , what I recomend is the following
 The first semi serious movie that i have seen played by Adam Sandler and co-stars Drew Barrymore and after watching the movie i found it to be better than i expected not only is the movie outragesly funny bad a rather sad side is added to the story enough to make some cry . The movie has the same humour as Adams previuos movies but it just as funny none the less.The movie starts with adams character going at with all the girls but dumping them soon after until one afternoon he finds himself visiting a calm ocean side restaurant where he meets Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- who day after day he would fall in love with until he has to think of an appropriate method for her to live her life the best she possibly can . #with a combination of witty and desgusting characters makes the movie a very enjoyable watch with the same original humour of previous Adam sandler movies but is just as enjoyable i would highly recommend you watching the movie yourself .
 Definitely a good movie , 50 First Dates , brings to the screen exactly what the title implies
 I wo n't bore you with the plot of the movie as I assume you have an idea what it 's about if you 've come this far . I found the film stood up quite well as a romantic comedy . It was both delightfully funny and a bit sad at times -LRB- just like life -RRB- . I am surprised that some of the reviewers have taken the film so seriously and are disturbed by how the critical events are portrayed . It 's just a film and it 's meant to entertain . It did a great job of that , with the terrific on-screen chemistry of Sandler -LRB- although I ca n't stand him in most other films -RRB- and Barrymore .
 Okay , okay , I realize that many of the reviewers did not give this film as high of a rank as I did . I wonder if that is because it is not worth 5 stars or if the other reviewers have watched Adam Sandler flicks enough that previous films color their perceptions of this one . Films can become formula.I have not watched other Adam Sandler films , so , like Lucy in the film , this was my first exposure.Drew Barrymore 's range of emotions caught me off guard . I underestimated her . She made me laugh , cry , and sigh.Rob Schneider did n't exactly make me cry or sigh , but he did make me laugh and cough hard enough to fall out of my chair.The film was fun enough to watch twice , once with my teen age daughter , and a second time with my wife.If you 've watched your share of Adam Sandler you might want to let this one pass by . But if you have passed his earlier flicks by , do n't skip this one .
 I was pleasantly surprised at 50 First Dates . After the horrible Along Came Polly , which came out at the same time , I thought this film was going to be as awful , or worse . Not so . Despite a ridiculous plot , 50 First Dates works , perhaps because Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler have such great chemistry . There are a few scattered laughs here and there but what really works for the film are the dramatic aspects . The film comes across as light and fluffy but the plot is very serious and I feel it played best as a drama , rather than a comedy . There are some great dramatic moments that really worked and gave the characters emotional depth , something we do n't see often in romantic comedies . The film is funny enough and very sweet , so it does have that perfect balance , which is a big plus.The beautiful Hawaiian locations and terrific supporting cast really add to the film and make it more special . This is one of the most enjoyable romantic comedies I have ever seen . It 's not a brilliant film , but it 's very cute and great fun , and a big improvement over other romantic comedies . I recommend this one , I really liked it .
 50 first dates , Sandler and Barrymore 's second venture together , turns out to be Funny , Charming and often Sentimental . While they were extremely lovable in The Wedding Singer the two now proove that they are the dynamic duo of the romantic comedy . Like Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks , or Julia Roberts and Richard Gere , we want more of Sandler and Barrymore . I believe they both have this wonderful sense of vivacious , carefree and sincere deliveries that make them top of my list for Romantic Comedy duo!The film was absolutely enjoyable from start to finish . Creative storyline told in a charmingly funny way . The subject matter is rather heavy but it is portrayed a little more light hearted and Barrymore is such an adorably likable actress that you want to see more . Sandler is the unlikely romantic lead which is all the more reason to root for him ! In the Wedding Singer we were charmed when he sang `` I want to grow old with you '' to Julia on the plane , now we are charmed with how many different ways he can make her fall in love with him , day after day after day ... Enjoyable performances by an always creative Rob Schneider , Dan Aykroyd and a lisping , weightlifting Sean Astin ! -LRB- Whatever happened to the fat Samwise ? -RRB- DVD specifications are great too ! Widescreen 2:35:1 . There are deleted scenes , bloopers , and a hilarious mock interview with Rob Schneider as Ula interviewing Adam , Drew and Sean ! Hilarious!I laughed , I was touched , I thoroughly enjoyed my two hours . Time well spent . I request that the dynamic duo do more films in the near future to help keep us entertained and charmed all over again .
 I would not have picked this movie because I generally do n't like Adam Sandler 's juvenile humor . My husband rented it and I found myself watching with interest until the very end . Drew Barrymore exudes beauty and charm , Adam Sandler comes across as an above average guy-next-door any woman can fall in love with . There are some gross walrus vomit bits , and some juvenile sex talk from Rob Schneider 's character , but overall a charming love story .
 Wow ! Two for Two . I do n't think this pair can do anything wrong when they 're together . It 's such a great movie without a single bit of cheese in it . One gripe however , some scenes were just redundant and had nothing to do with the pace of the movie at all . I think those scenes were thrown in as fillers and I reckon the movie could have done without them . Like the old guy just throwing insults ?? It was n't even funny ?!?! If it was n't for that I would have given the movie a full score but I 'm going to have to deduct 1 star . This is still a good fun movie to watch though and I 'd recommend it .
 I did n't think Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymoore could make a movie that topped `` The Wedding Singer , '' but I was wrong . Providing that you abide by the rules of suspension of disbelief , you 'll really enjoy `` 50 First Dates . `` Sandler 's character Henry meets a spirited girl named Lucy -LRB- Barrymoore -RRB- who has suffered a brain injury as a result of a car accident that happened a year ago . Lucy has no short term memory , and she wakes up every morning with no memory of the day before ... and no memory of Henry.The chemistry between Sandler and Barrymoore is incredible , and that 's the real reason why this movie works . There is also a great supporting cast , including Sean Astin as Lucy 's dimwitted , steroid-addicted brother , and Rob Schneider as Henry 's uncouth -LRB- and hilarious -RRB- Hawaiian friend.Regardless of the fact that there are a lot of holes in the plot , the characters are fantastic and you 'll be rooting for them until the end . I was a bit disappointed with the ending -LRB- why could n't Lucy have slammed into another cow and had her memory restored ? -RRB- , but I guess it was as good as it could be under the circumstances . Still , if you 're in the mood for a unique romantic comedy , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This movie blew my mind away . I 'm usually not a big fan of cheesy comedy romance movies nor I am a big fan of Adam Sandler . But this movie was just so romantic and sweet that it is hard to brush it aside after watching it . It is one of those very rare love moives that get stuck in your head forever.We have to agree that every love movie needs something that represents `` eternity '' , or else it would n't have a chance standing to be a `` love movie '' . The `` eternity '' factor in `` 50 First Dates '' is the fact that the girl is eternally forgetful of who the guy is and the guy is eternally trying to make the girl fall in love with him , every single day . It 's hard to find something sweeter and more romantic than that.I definitely recommend this movie ~ ~ Purple_Garden
 It 's a heartwarming blend of action , comedy , and romance as Adam Sandler , and a band of hilarious animals you have n't seen the likes of since Eddie Murphy in Doctor Doolittle , start dating pretty Drew Barrymore . I could have sworn some of the animals were the very same ones ! And was n't the little spider monkey the same monkey that appeared years ago in FRIENDS ? Anyhow Hawaiian locations bring out the best in all the animals , and in our romantic love interests , Adam and Drew , neither of whom have ever been as appealing , not even in their previous blockbuster together , THE WEDDING SINGER . Though I will say it was hard to believe in Adam Sandler as some kind of ladies ' man because , well , he has only average looks and from some angles looks doped up . The producers of this film have cast him as some kind of sex magnet , the sort of role Cary Grant used to play . Anyhow , once he meets and falls head over heels for Drew , he becomes more plausible . Indeed she is charming , though her disease , as Dan Aykroyd explains it , is kind of tragic.The director Peter Segal who made ANGER MANAGEMENT , again with Adam , has performed a subtler job this time around . The cliches of romantic comedy prove themselves anew . And the animal action would please even Doris Day . I hope she gets a chance to see this movie . Perhaps she would agree to perform in the sequel .
 I 'm a HUGE fan of Adam Sandler . When I heard of this movie I thought , If I liked The Wedding Singer Then I 'm bound to like 50 First Dates . When i saw it , I loved it from begining to end . now i 'm thinking , If I like 50 First Dates I 'm bound to like Sandler 's next film , Spanglish!Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- is the kind of guy that gets a girl he thinks he has to leave , until he goes to a resteraunt and see 's the woman of his dreams , Loucie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- . But the big problem is , the woman of his dreams has lost her short-term memory , and wont remember him the following day . Henry trys to keep in touch with loucie until her father -LRB- Jack Girraputo -RRB- gets involved . Henry thinks that his best friend Hoola -LRB- Rob Schnieder -RRB- can help him , but it turns out , he does n't .
 I 've read some of the reviews and have to disagree with them - this is a really sweet movie . Adam Sandler 's character -LRB- Henry -RRB- is the typical luv 'em and leave 'em kind of guy before he meets Drew Barrymore 's character , Lucy . Due to brain damage from a car accident a year earlier , Lucy ca n't convert short term memory into long term memory - she keeps replaying the same day over and over . Henry is intrigued by this at first , and tries each day to get Lucy to like him . After awhile , though , he truly starts to care for her and wants to help her move on with her life . Other characters - the friends from the bar and Lucy 's father - are super in how they protect her by replaying the same day over with her . Her brother is definitely doofy , but easily ignored . This movie is a romance with a happy ending . Prepare to smile alot and maybe even cry a few tears !
 This is definitely a date flick . It is somewhat like `` Groundhog Day '' , but with a romantic twist . Not as funny , but enjoyable . Seeing Adam Sandler in this role was like seeing Bill Murray in his more serious films -- both pull it off better than expected . The ending was nice and upbeat . Good film .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore have never been better . Wedding Singer is one of our favorite movies , but I think this is Adam Sandler 's best ! This is definately one to add to your DVD collection !
 The great thing about Adam Sandler movies is that they are not only knee-slapping funny , but touch the thoughtful `` what if '' emotions too . Although he plays the same part in most of his movies , Sandler delivers the goods in this one , proving modern movies do n't have to be full of sex references , jive `` booty '' talk , T&A and full of crude language to be downright funny & entertaining . Rob Schneider once again proves himself to be a high caliber comedic actor and is the perfect sideman in this one .
 Adam Sandler does not have remarkable acting range , but he makes a fine romantic foil for Drew Barrymore and they recapture some of the chemistry they exhibited in The Wedding Singer.Drew has the kind of medical condition that pretty much only exists in the movies . She 's had an auto accident , and every morning when she wakes up , she thinks it 's the morning of the auto accident . Essentially the same condition as the hero in `` Memento '' , except where his memory lasted minutes at best , Barrymore can remember everything she learned that day - until she goes to sleep again . Mercifully , she 's not as bad as the `` 10 Second Tom '' character we meet in the movie.That device sets us up for endless variations for Adam Sandler to get Drew to become interested in him over and over again - reminiscent of Groundhog Day.The `` formula '' of romantic comedy is guy meets girl , they fall in love , some contrivance tears them apart , -LRB- at this point usually the female heads for an airport as the male suddenly remembers that he 's in a romantic comedy and he has to run willy-nilly to and through the airport in an effort to tell her what a dunderhead he 's been and how much he really loves her before the credits roll . -RRB- The formula is toyed with a little bit in this movie , and to everyone 's credit , they make it interesting . Since Lucy wakes up every morning not remembering anything since the car crash , and her memory condition is permanent , we begin to wonder how things will end . Perhaps it 's NOT the * happy ending * to have these characters wind up together - either for him or her.Not a bad way to share 2 hours with someone you like .
 Loved the movie . Actually like to watch anything with Drew in it.So adorable . Anyway I would like to know which island most of the movie was filmed on . I would guess Maui but do n't really know .
 I USED TO LOVE ADAM SANDLER BUT HE HAS GOTTEN STUPID AND GROSS LATELY . I WAS ESPECIALLY DISAPPOINTED IN `` EIGHT CRAZY NIGHTS '' . LOTS OF THROWING UP AND BOWEL MOVEMENT ACTION MADE ME THINK HE HAS REALLY LOST HIS TOUCH ON COMEDY IF THAT IS STILL FUNNY ... THIS MOVIE DOES HAVE ONE VOMIT SCENE , BUT PICKS UP AS THE MOVIE GOES ON . A VERY SWEET MOVIE AT THE END . SEAN ASTIN WAS REALLY GREAT !
 Saw this film yesterday ... thought that it had a very heartwarming message in it ... Rob Schider was funny as well , he was almost the funniest person in the film ... he really put a spin on the film ... if you just want to have a good time and you are not looking to be to critical of a film , go see this one ...
 It was great ... it was funny at first but then it was a nice sweet loving movie and sort of sad its great and youll love it right away
 This was a great movie , it was hilarious ! Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler did a great job and it was full of surprises and the comedy did n't die down . I loved it !
 I got it on time and the movie came securly wrapped . Thanks , my sister really liked it and I 'm really glad ya 'll have wish lists-it helped me out alot !
 About six years ago , Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore made a charming romantic comedy ` The Wedding Singer . ' '50 First Dates ' brings back the two stars in this equally likeable , warmhearted romantic story with a ` Memento ' - like twist . And the location of O'ahu , Hawaii , is very beautiful.Sandler is a vet named Henry Ross living in Hawaii . He is also known as playboy whose girlfriends , he insists , must be the travellers from outside the islands , for he does n't like the whole idea of commitment . However , he meets a nice girl named Lucy -LRB- incredibly charming Drew Barrymore -RRB- eating waffle at the local diner , he falls in love with her seriously . So far , nothing new.But Lucy has a secret , of which she herself is not aware . Since the car accident last year , Lucy forgets everything that happened to her after sleeping at night . That means , though she remembers the things that happened before the accident , including her father , brother , old friends , and that ` today ' is her daddy 's birthaday , Lucy can not remember her first kiss with Henry , or the second one , and the third ... The film starts with , and often relies on , the predictable , gross-out gags that are not as great as Peter Segal thinks -LRB- and he happens to be responsible the comedies like ` Nutty Professor 2 ' or ` Naked Gun
 I am usually not a Adam Sandler fan but I was bored one day so I decided to rent this movie . Ignoring the first 20 minutes this movie was excellent . The premise of the movie is simple a man -LRB- Sandler -RRB- meets a woman -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- the click instantly . But sadly she suffers from short term memory loss so the romance can never be ... or can it . I love the invetive way in which his character tries to get her to remember him . Drew Barrymore was wonderful . I think it would be kinda hard to constantly protray an amnesia victim over and over again in the same movie.Overall I recommened this movie if you like sweet romantic comedies . And ladies do n't let the fact that Adam Sandler staring in this put you off .
 The chemistry between Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler was great ! I never thought Drew was funny , but in this movie , she had me cracking up . The movie is basically about a woman who got into a car accident and lost her short term memory , so everyday her loved ones create the day she last remembered , which was also her father 's birthday . Adam , a tourist player , comes into the picture and falls for her regardless of whether she remembers him or not . Adam is always funny and that was the reason I rented the movie . The pirate guy with the five kids had me in tears . And the Steroid Son was pretty entertaining too . This was a really funny movie that I thought was going to turn out not-so-good-but-okay-because-of-Adam . I was wrong .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are a great acting duo.This is a great and funny movie .
 I really enjoyed this film . It was cute !
 I 'm a huge fan of both Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler , so I love the pairing of these two . It seems odd to put these two together but they have great chemistry . As much as I love seeing Adam Sandler in raunchy comedies , I also love seeing him in romantic comedies . Henry Roth is a ladies man afraid of commitment until he meets Lucy . Their first meeting is great and then he finds out that she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the very next day . So Henry tries to win her over each day . 50 First Dates is very similar to Groundhog Day but its sweet and sexy and it works . I was surprised .
 This movie is not only funny but leaves you with a need to see it again and again . Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler are the perfect match for the perfect romantic comedy . The twist on this romance -LRB- and the fact that it was filmed in Hawaii -RRB- gives the film a magical quality that warms the heart .
 Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- is n't into commitment . He 's just a laid back , Hawaiian veterinarian out for a good time . But when he walks into a Cafe one morning and sees Lucy , the girl of his dreams , everything changes . They set up a date , but to no avail , because Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- suffers from a loss of short term memory . Ever since a tragic accident one year earlier , Lucy 's short term memory is only good for as long as she stays awake . Everyday , she wakes up thinking it 's the morning the accident took place , with no idea that the tragic event ever happened . This causes terrible problems for Henry . Not only can she never remember who he is after a night 's sleep , but everyday he must get her to fall in love with him from scratch . And once poor Henry gets the hang of that little problem , he 's got to find a way to progress things , so every day is not another first date.Although I 've always been an Adam Sandler fan , I ca n't say I went into this expecting very much . Oh , I knew it would be good , but here 's the thing ; Sandler 's self-starring , Happy-Madison productions have ALL been great , but each new one is a little less great than the previous one . Billy Madison is , without a doubt , my favorite of his films . So , after his last comedy , `` Anger Management , '' I was expecting something pretty bland . The first 15 minutes or so did n't give me much to hope for . A pretty cheezy set-up , and lots of bad jokes that did n't even seem like jokes . Now , Sandler has always used odd jokes that do n't seem like jokes , but the further back one goes , the more effective they are . That 's almost ALL `` Billy Madison '' was comprised of , yet they totally hit the mark in that film . This time around they are just weird and sad . In the beginning at least . That 's the whole thing about this film . It 's just the beginning that kinda sucks . Stick with it and you 'll really be glad in the end . After Act 1 , `` 50 First Dates '' becomes an outstanding romantic comedy ! A truly heartwarming film that will make you want to fall in love , if you are n't in love already ! Even those weird jokes get better as the film rolls along . The performances are all really great , if one is used to Sandler 's own style of acting . I 've never been much of a Barrymore fan , but she is actually really loveable in this flick . It 's great to see the wonderful Blake Clark in a pretty large role this time around too . Rob Schneider is always hilarious , and totally believable as a Hawaiian native ! And , legend in my book , Dan Aykroyd even puts in his two cents as Lucy 's doctor . But the actor who steals the show is former hobbit and Goonie Sean Astin , who is hilarious as Lucy 's steroid chugging brother . All the characters are highly believable and very sympathetic . You ca n't help but root for ... well , everybody ! There are no villains here other than Lucy 's persistent memory loss , which is tragic and endearing . What makes the film so wonderful in the end though , is that they do n't rely on a cheap , easy-way-out , happy miracle ending . This movie is about how the love of those who care about us can help get us through difficult circumstances , or help us live with them . It 's also about perseverance , and not letting anything stand in the way of true love . Oh , and adorable marine animals too !
 I have to admit that when I first saw the ads for this movie I thought it looked dumb . I love Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore so I decided to see it anyway once it came out onto video . I found it very good ! It is very cute and very funny with an ending that is to die for . The ending surprised me but in a good way . The ending definitely does not fit the cookie cutter pattern for hollywood endings but that is one of the best parts of the movie . There is no doubt that Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore have a lot of Chemistry on screen . They work very well together and make the plot seem very real , yet still keeps its humor and charm . I recommend this one to adults and to children as well . This is a good `` movie night for the family '' movie .
 Loved this movie . Very funny and a good ` love ' flick also . This movie had me cracking up in some parts ! How can you NOT fall in love with Drew Barrymore in this movie ? She 's fkn adorable . And you ca n't help but feel bad for Adam . . lol . But at least he got to know her better each time to make it easier to talk to her the next time . . lol . And I really thought the ending was great.I really like how they made us feel like her at the end . I was shocked at that but it really made me happy for them.I think this is one of Adam 's best movies in a long time .
 Let me start out by saying that I am definitely not a fan of Adam Sandler . Most of his movies are asinine and idiotic . Apart from Happy Gilmore , I have yet to really enjoy a Sandler movie . This one starts out in the usual Sandler fashion . Gross humor abounds in the initial segments . But , that is when the movie begins to change . Enter Drew Barrymore , another movie star I 'm not impressed with , and the movie begins to actually grow on you . Sandlers continual efforts to woo Barrymore reminded me of a hilarious Bill Murray in Groundhog 's Day . The movie rewards you for your patience in the beginning by giving you a decent movie going experience in the end . Thanks go to Sandler for finally making a worthwhile movie .
 ... makes for the success of `` 50 First Dates '' . Creative story line , the quality of acting fans of Sandler and Barrymore have come to expect . Love , laughter , some stupid walrus tricks , small children , a little misty eye time , great supporting cast , beautiful setting -LRB- Hawaii -RRB- to rid yourself of the winter blahs ! No disappointment here ! Take a break from all the doom and gloom reporting by `` talking media heads '' and go see 50 First Dates ! Be glad you live in a country that affords you the freedom to do so ... and have a popcorn on me !
 This is a great date movie . This movie has got everything . Its got jokes some of them are a little lame while others are great . Its got a sweet romance , there are some practical wholes in the plot but overall its a fun romantic comedy that you can see with your friends or your date.Some of the jokes are really gross , and some of them are n't funny , but as the movie progressed they got better . Sean Astin is actually in this movie and I got annoyed that his character talked with a lisp . I get tired of seeing the same cliches in movies like with cliche situations and cliche characters , they did n't overdo it on this movie but I 'm just tired of seeing it.Adam Sandler plays Henry Roth who must win over the girl of his dreams every single day because Lucy played by Drew Barrymore ca n't remember who he is . So he has to start over every single day . Basically Drew 's character has some type of amnesia , so its like a mix between `` Groundhog Day '' and `` While You Were Sleeping '' I love this movie because it had comedy and heart in the storyline.Adam and Drew are great at their roles . I personally loved the ending because it was n't perfect like in most romantic comedies , it was very unexpected and it still ended very happy .
 We 've all seen the classic love story a million times . Guy meets girl . Guy likes girl . Girl likes guy . They fall in love . Blah blah blah . But here we have just one itsy bitsy little problem . Girl does n't remember guy . Every single day.All in all , this movie is a cute , clever love story , enforcing the age-old mantra
 50 First Dates is a really sweet movie . It is the perfect combination of humor and drama . It makes you laugh and it makes you want to cry at the same time . I think Drew was adorable in this movie and Adam Sandler did a very good job . We all felt sorry for Lucy . I enjoyed this movie very much ... it is one of those rare movies that can be watched over and over and it takes place in Kauai , the best place ever . I recommend this movie to all .
 This movie is so good . . Not deep and insightful , just plain good . It 's hilarious , and it 's sweet and sooo very romantic . It 's probably one of the best romantic comedies I 've ever had the pleasure of watching . And you really ca n't go wrong with Adam and Drew . Do n't rent it , just buy it . Also , it 's good for both sexes .
 This movie is without a doubt one of the all time greats . The acting is just the best and the story content is so moving . I will definitely watch this many times .
 This is quite simply a very enjoyable film . It 's not , perhaps , a great film , but it is fun and it left me feeling pleasantly content . Drew Barrymore and Mr. Sandler had worked together before to surprisingly good results . They show an easy chemistry between them that serves the movie well . The idea of making Adam Sandler an aquarium doctor offers a lot of possibilities ; his scenes with the walrus are hilarious.The first 5 to 10 minutes do seem a little out of place
 50 First Dates is Drew Barrymore 's finest ! What a sweet movie ! Adam Sandler plays Henry Roth , Hawaii 's Casinova , who goes after women for a one night stand - but that all changes when Henry spots Lucy , a local , in a restaurant . The two of them hit it off magnificently and they make a date to meet for breakfast the next morning in the same place . When Henry approaches Lucy the next day , she does n't remember who he is at all . Turns out that she was in an accident and has short term memory loss.The movie was truly great . One of my all time favorites . Adam Sandler is a good actor and Drew Barrymore was terrific . The movie has the most beautifully sweet ending ever -LRB- By the way , I suggest watching it at midnight when you feel emotional - makes it even better -RRB- . A definate must-see .
 This movie is nothing less of a classic . It 's the kind of feel good movie that reminds you there really are good and loving people in the world , eventhough the man of your dreams is also well known for the `` Turkey Song '' .
 Adam Sandler . Its amazing how an actor can make multiple movies that are so very much alike . Crazy characters , Adam being a big lovable geek who somehow , someway can whup the pants off anyone who tries to mess with him . Anyway ... about this movie in particular . It reminds me of Groundhog Day . That fact that , no matter what you do , things start up again anew in the morning . Bout a girl who wakes up thinking its the same day , over and over and over . Its a sweet little comedy , given that in real life NOBODY would go through the trouble of putting up with the girl . She 'd be deemed crazy , and that 'd be it .
 After the disappointing experience of watching `` Punch-Drunk Love '' I was a little hesitant about whether it was wise to pick up this new Adam Sandler movie . But the bunch of hilarious films I have seen with this actor , of which `` Happy Gilmore '' and `` Mr. Deeds '' are among the best , convinced me that I had to give `` 50 First Dates '' a chance . I am glad I did , because I found an extremely funny comedy with an interesting plot and scenes that stir the viewer 's emotions without becoming touchy-feely . The movie uses a similar idea to `` Groundhog Day '' , but one that is based on different reasons as catalysts of the situation . In the Bill Murray movie , the main character wakes up to the same day over and over . In the film object of this review , Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- has no short term memory , so even though it is a different day for everyone else , she is effectively living repeatedly through the same day without being aware of it.Lucy 's family and friends try to help her in the process by recreating the day in which she had the accident and lost her short term memory -LRB- without the accident of course -RRB- . But one day she meets Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- , who is a guy that is used to running away from commitment by inventing all kinds of ridiculous excuses . The fact that he lives in Hawaii and interacts with a lot of women that are in the look for fun helps him in his cause . But meeting Lucy changes his life , because now he can not get her out of his head and he is the one looking for something more than just a night of passion . The problem is that Lucy forgets everything about him every day when she goes to sleep and he has the arduous task of making her fall in love with him over and over again.Besides Sandler and Barrymore there are a couple of supporting actors that contribute their fair share to making this movie enjoyable and funny . Rob Schneider delivers a praiseworthy performance in his role of Ula , Henry 's best friend . He is the guy in charge of helping Henry in creating new schemes so that he can meet Lucy every day and start the process of making her fall for him . Sean Astin , who most people surely remember from the movie `` Rudy '' , appears as Lucy 's brother , who is trying to build up some muscle to pretend to be tougher than he really is.In conclusion , this is a well balanced movie , since it presents moments in which you will laugh your heart out together with others that will arise a myriad of emotions in the audience . The unbelievable scenery adds a definite flair to the overall experience . Those of you that are looking for a comedy that delivers more than cheap laughs , should seriously considering picking this one up .
 I thought this film was another Adam Sandler comedy , with a couple of good laughs , and a stupid plot , Boy was I wrong . `` 50 first dates '' is enjoyable from start to finish , and what a fantastic , heartwarming ending.If any reviewer tells you the beutifull ending , PLEASE SKIP over it.Drew and Adam make a wonderfull team.I hope there 's many movies to come from these 2 gifted actors , but `` 50 first dates '' will become one of there classics.You HAVE to get this DVD .
 You know those movies where you see the trailer in the theater and then when you see the actual movie you discover all the good parts were in the trailer ? Well , `` 50 First Dates '' is not one of those movies . In fact , I can make the argument that while the trailer may indeed have most of the funniest moments in this film , it most decidedly does not have any of the best moments of the film . When you see the trailer about this movie in which Adam Sandler has to make a first impression on Drew Barrymore every day because she has no short term memory and wakes up every morning forgetting what happened the previous day , you would think that he discovers this the next morning when she wakes up in bed with a stranger and starts screaming . However , I am happy to report , `` 50 First Dates '' is not that movie either.I have been trying to think of last time a movie prompted tears in my eyes as often as `` 50 First Dates . '' We know that Lucy Whitmore -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- no longer has any short term memory because of a car accident , but what we learn before we meet Lucy is that Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- is apparently the king of the love 'em and leave 'em of the Hawaiian islands . Thus the great irony is that he falls for the one woman who can forget him faster and more completely than any tourist he has ever dumped . What we also learn about are the extraordinary lengths to which Lucy 's family and friends go make each day the same happy day for her . Lucy 's brother Doug -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- needs to lay off the steroids but her father -LRB- Blake Clark -RRB- is fiercely and lovingly protective of his daughter . Watching everything that he and his son do each night to reset the stage for Lucy 's happy day got me big time.Unlike `` Groundhog Day , '' which only had a few minor flaws in logic -LRB- e.g. , why does the music teacher claim Bill Murray as a student at the end ? -RRB- there are giant holes in `` 50 First Dates '' -LRB- e.g. , how do the three guys manage to every day free to take care of Lucy ? -RRB- , but I do not care . The gaps are covered in just too many sweet and touching moments for me to object to George Wing 's screenplay . The reason why I did not give `` 50 First Dates '' is mainly because of the character of Ula -LRB- Rob Schneider -RRB- , who represents the traditional `` Adam Sandler '' type of comedy in this film . There are a few moments where Sandler goes over the top -LRB- basically anytime his voice gets to the yelling level -RRB- , but I could forgive most of those -LRB- the last song he sings redeems much -RRB- , but every time Ula showed up it was like clips from another movie . The last time he shows up in the film I was really not happy to see him there because he was ruining a moment I had been eagerly awaiting.One of the impressive things about this movie is that it does not cop out . Dr. Keats -LRB- Dan Aykroyd -RRB- , Lucy 's doctor , tells us repeatedly that Lucy is never going to get better and a lot of the power of this movie comes from the different ways in which Lucy and Howard deal with this hard reality . We also learn that for Lucy and his family there are what her dad calls `` bad '' days , and it because of them that Henry is inspired to try something different and provide another series of sweet moments in the film . As long as he refrains from going into overdrive , Sandler makes it totally believable that Henry would spend every day trying to get Lucy to fall in love with him . But it is Barrymore who is pitch perfect on both the comedy and the pathos of her role as Lucy . If Sandler did not know that he had found his perfect leading lady after `` The Wedding Singer , '' then this film should do the trick.The tagline for this film is `` Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams ... every friggin ' day '' is a funny line , but it is as much misdirection as the trailer . Henry may treat his strange assistant Alexa -LRB- Lusia Strus -RRB- badly , but he could not possibly be more patient with Lucy . Even her skeptical father has to admit that he and Henry are kindred spirits . Because this is Adam Sandler we keep waiting for him to try and take advantage of the situation , but , to repeat myself , this is not that film . Yes , `` Groundhog Day '' is the better movie , but `` 50 First Dates '' is also full of grace and more importantly the film finds of way of delivering on its promise . First kisses might be the sweetest of all , but in this film it is the last date that makes you surrender on the off chance you manage to hold off that long .
 The idea behind this film is that in a successful relationship you have to fall in love over and over again . In this story it happens literally everyday.The performances : Adam Sandler as Henry Roth shows his vulnerable side in his best and most natural performance.Drew Barrymore as Lucy Whitmore has never been better , and has great chemistry with Adam . She emerges as a fine actor.Rob Schneider as Ula may fool you that he is really the character he is playing , I did n't know it was him for half the move ! He is brilliantly funny.Sean Astin as Doug Whitmore -LRB- better known as Sam from the Lord of the Rings -RRB- is funny in this comic role as Lucy 's lisping brother.Pomaika ' i Brown as Nick -LRB- tattoo face -RRB- the cook , is great in his small role and deserves bigger roles in the future.Shot in Hawaii , it has beautiful cinematography and vibrant color . The movie is a combination of humor and romance with more heart than you might expect .
 Adam Sandler 's previous track record has been shaky , with some underwritten comedies -LRB- Anger Management -RRB- and movies that failed to find a mainstream audience -LRB- Big Daddy -RRB- . 50 firsts Dates makes an improvement by not only providing an original script that lends itself to both comedic double entrees and depth , courtesy of Drew Barrymore 's stunning performance , with convincing pathos . Sandler brings another great character to the screen , especially since this story provokes just as many tears as guffaws . This is possibly Sandler 's best film and boasts great comedic turns from Rob Scheider and Sean Astin . This film really does work on all levels , and considering I 'm not a fan of the genre . Combining an impressive supporting cast with a sprightly running time and hip soundtrack , and you have one of the best comedies of recent years . Highly reccomended .
 The 2004 film `` 50 First Dates '' that was directed by Peter Segal -LRB- who directed `` Naked Gun 331/3
 Just when I start getting used to the cookie-cutter formula of most romantic comedy movies , a film like 50 First Dates comes along , picks me out of my seat , spins me around , and drops me back down so I do n't know which way is up . I walked into the movie theater expecting this movie to be cute and funny at best-and crude and obnoxious at worst . What I found instead was a touching , sweet romantic comedy that occasionally brought tears to my eyes . Best described as Groundhog Day with a twist , this movie tells the story of a love that defies a huge and unusual obstacle.Adam Sandler plays Henry Roth
 I must admit I was shocked when I saw this movie . We chose to watch it as a compromise between a chick-flick and a comedy and I had my doubts . I did n't think there would be any way to make Adam Sandler serious or believable in a love story , but he and Drew Barrymore really pulled it off . This movie takes a very tragic and touching story and makes it enjoyable and cute.I 've heard some people say that this movie is an insult to people with mental health disabilities and I think they are 100 % incorrect . This movie is not offensive in the least.Overall the storyline , casting and cinematography is excellent . I would highly recommend this film to all .
 I am not an Adam Sandler fan . And have n't been one for quite sometime . After seeing this film I am going to have to take back what I have said time and time again about his being a terrible actor . In one review I wrote on here for a different film of his I went so far as to say `` he 's a no talent hack . '' But with this film he completely won me over . This is the first Sandler film I can say that I really really loved . It is more of a romance than a comedy but it does have some genuinely funny moments -LRB- the supporting actors were perfectly cast-Sean Astin is especially hilarious in this . -RRB- This is probably Drew Barrymore 's best performance ever . Peter Segal really did a fantastic job directing this film ... And Hawaii as the backdrop could n't be better . As ridiculous as it may sound to some cinephiles out there I was far more touched and moved by this film than I was by the critically hailed Punch Drunk Love . If you like romance movies at all this is a must rent , buy ... And I might even have to admit it is one of the best films of 2004 .
 Amazing . I was already excited to know that Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore were teaming up again -LRB- two of my favorites -RRB- , and it could n't have been more perfect . Sandler 's character is known in the movie as a bachelor , however you know he is sensative and has a heart -- he is a veternarian and more `` cautious '' around his friend 's children -- so the fact that he can fall in love with Barrymore 's character under the circumstances is totally believable . The best romantic comedy I believe I 've ever seen . I laughed so hard I cried . `` Ten Second Tom '' -LRB- a patient who ca n't remember anything for more than 10 seconds -RRB- is one of my favorite characters . I could have done without some of the crudeness of Schneider 's character , but I think that just took away from the character and not the movie at all . This will touch your heart in a way you would n't have thought . And if you believe in `` fairy tales , '' it 's all over ! I bawled so hard at the end ! Will bring out the hopeless romantic in all of us .
 This movie is one of those rare movies where you expect nothing less than a comedy that is corny , with cheesy and a few tender moments . 50 First Dates is NOT that . After seeing the trailers I thought the movie would be absolutely horrible since I am neither a Sandler or a Barrymore fan but , under protest I rented this movie expecting profanity and cheap jokes . But , I was toatlly blown away this is one of those movies where you 'll laugh and you 'll fall in love . It 's not what you expect!In this movie Barrymore plays Lucy a quirky , funny , girl whose life is turned upside down by a sudden accident that is left her unable to remember what happens each day ... even forgetting the guy of her dreams - Sandler . As Sandler 's love for Lucy grows he must continue to see her persuing her each day somedays she loves him and other days she ignores him . When Sandler learns that Lucy 's father and brother make her relive the same day everyday . Sandler takes action into his own hands deciding to tell her the truth through a video he makes for Lucy adding new bits everyday and Lucy keeps a journal of all their interaction . Barrymore and Sandler make the perfect couple in this feel-good comedy/romance where everytime they kiss it 's a first kiss . Lucy finally decides to erase Sandler from her mind completely tearing up journal entires and the good morning Lucy video tapes . By the end of this romantic comedy you 'll find yourself asking yourself would you fall in love with the same person everyday?This movie is all about the extent we will go to for the ones we love.Adam Sandler is toatlly differant this film than any other and he will charm you in this un-expected , sweet , funny , love story and it 's such a refreshing break-away from his roles in `` Big Daddy '' , and `` Happy Gillmore . '' I found myself falling in love with him . Barrymore also gives a good performance as Lucy who makes pancake houses and goes after attackers . And Sandler is just as charming as hunks such as Colin Firth , Hugh Grant , or Jude Law in a romantic comedy . You 'll find yourself wishing you were Lucy who has the chance to fall in love each day with Sandler.This comedy is more charming than the hit Bridget Jones ... You have to rent or see this one and be pleasantly surprised !
 This is a charming , increasingly romantic movie about a brain-damaged woman -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- who loses her memory of the current day as soon as she goes to sleep . So when a marine veterinarian -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- falls for her , he has to woo her afresh each new day . Since I do n't care for most of Sandler 's juvenile humor and flabby acting , I was very surprised to find that I like not only this story , but Sandler as the love interest . Here , he is neither slack-jawed nor whiny , but somebody likeable enough to root for . Although the plot sounds contrived to be sort of Groundhog Day meets Memento -- this story feels like it maybe coulda happened , because of Drew 's emotional range and the chemistry of the stars . The story often is funny in a silly way -- love the great kids and animals ! -- and all the parts were well cast , including Astin and Schneider -LRB- who I did not recognize until reading the credits -RRB- . For me , the film got better and more involving as it built , and it was ultimately satisfying and touching as Sandler figured out a way to adapt the relationship to his love 's limitations . When people call this movie slow , I think it 's because people are used to sitcoms and are not patient with films that show characters developing -- it takes time that one does n't have to invest in broader comedies . But I found it rewarding and much more memorable in the end . I like it as much as Stuck on You , another film that surprised me with its combination of humor and sweetness .
 There are three seperate things that make this movie so great . First off , the story . It is a totally original great story that makes this movie fresh and different . Because of the vulnerability of the characters in this story line -LRB- Barrymore because of her condition and Sandler because of his helpless state -RRB- I was able to become quite attached to these characters and route for them 100 % . Next , the actors in this are phenominal . What a great move by both Sandler and Barrymore for working together again , as I loved them in the Wedding Singer and now in this . I think their chemistry is so great and they are both increadibley believable in this . And the additions of Astin and the actor who plays Barrymore and Astin 's father are great . Astin 's character is hilarious as a man who is obsessed with his body which causes him to abuse steroids . And then there are the usual quirky characters that one can come to expect in any Sandler movie including Rob Schneider.Lastly , I thought that the setting and music in this movie were fabulous . It is set in beautiful , gorgeous Hawaii which is so pleasent to watch throughout the scenes in the movie . And the music is generally upbeat and in key with the Hawaiian setting.All in all this movie is a great story with great characters that I higly recommend you enjoy . I was very pleasently surprised .
 Veterinatian Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- is a player . He has made a habit of seducing tourists coming to Hawaii , where he lives . That is , until he meets Lucy -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- . After spending a day together , they agree to meet again the next day for breakfast . One problem
 Adam Sandler is known for his laugh out loud gross humor , like in his recent films `` Mr. Deeds '' and `` Anger Manangement . '' He always seems to play the same type of characters like in those movies as well . They are usually shot by the critics . Even in `` Punch Drunk Love '' he plays the character , but that was hailed by critics . But then there is `` 50 First Dates '' where he and actress Drew Barrymoore reunite , except it is not your usual Adam Sandler . Normally he is a good natured man , who has a hidden violent temper . But in this movie he shows the sweet side of him . It was a nice change , even though all of his past movies are still great . Sander and Barrymoore first acted together in `` The Wedding Singer '' and worked well off of each other in that , and in this . Two very talented celebrities working well equals a great movie.Adam Sandler plays Henry Roth , the kind of guy who likes who go out with a women one day , and then leave them the next day . He works with animals , and likes to hang out with his friend Ula . He does n't want to settle down with a women , because he has a job to travel to the artic and study the walrus . But in a diner run by Sue and the cook Nick , he meets Lucy Whitmore a beautiful blonde women who spends a mourning with Henry , causing him to fall in love . The plan to have breakfast the next mourning , but when he shows up , she has no idea who he is . Sue tells Henry that she was in a car accident about a year ago , and she suffers from short term memory loss . She remember everythings that happened before the car crash . So everyday she thinks that it is the day of her accident , causing her to do the same thing every single day . With her docotr , Dr. Keats , knowing that there is nothing to cure Lucy , everyday is the same , only she does n't know that . Her father Martin , and her brother Doug , also go to the extremes to make everything the same each day , except when they find out about Henry 's intentions , they become nervous that he will ruin everything that they do everyday . But everyday , Henry falls deeper and deeper into love with Lucy , except that she has no idea who he is 24 hours later . From that point on , he goes to the extremes to try and remind her who he is every single day . `` 50 First Dates '' has a very funny idea , and the entire film works . There is not even any gross humor , except for the beginning when a walrus vomits on another person . Alot of the comedy comes from Ula , played by comedian Rob Schneider , who has five children , all of them smarter then he is . I liked everything about this movie , except I liked `` Anger Manangement '' better . This was a comedy , with small dabs of drama added in , except it 's needed . It sounds like something that the Farrelly Brother 's would do , but its not . It 's is a classic Adam Sandler film.ENJOY!Rated PG-13 for crude sexual humor and drug references .
 I really enjoyed this show ! Adam Sandler -LRB- Henry Roth -RRB- and Drew Barrymore -LRB- Lucy Whitmore -RRB- do a great job , on par with the Wedding Singer . If you enjoyed that movie you will enjoy this one as well.This is a story about a womanizer who gives up the swinger life when he finds his true love ; the only problem is , is that she has no short-term memory and can not remember him the next day . The rest of the movie is about Henry trying to build a relationship each new day . Although this may sound corny , I fell for it ! I took my wife to this one for Valentines Day and we both laughed hard and enjoyed the entertaining imagination of Adam Sandler . There are some very funny parts to this movie and the story line is interesting as well.The only note of caution is the gross jokes of Rob Schneider and whoever plays the German girl / guy . Their jokes were not only crass , but also forced and unfunny . I recommend this to anyone -LRB- who is an Adam Sandler fan -RRB- who is looking for a good romantic comedy .
 I think it 's unfair to the movie that it is getting such bad reviews . Everyone went to the movie thinking that since this is Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler it was somehow going to be like the Wedding Singer . Well it is n't . if that 's why you 're reading this review stop , because it 's not the Wedding Singer . The plot is completely different . If there was one movie I could only compare this movie to would be Groundhog 's Day with Bill Murray , and that 's only because some things are having to repeat . It 's still a halarious movie with a pretty interesting plot line . The location is absolutely gorgeous . It 's overall a pretty good movie that you have to see for yourself , and NOT base it off what others say .
 I was going to purchase this movie on standard DVD until I bought my PS3 . I 've seen the movie previously on DVD but after watching it on Blu-ray I am glad I waited to purchase it . The picture quality is so much better than DVD and the sound is so clear . I have fallen in love with Blu-ray since I bought this movie and I plan to buy Blu-ray from now on .
 I know there are a million reviews on this movie , but I just had to add my opinion to the throng . Why ? Because this movie is perfect . I am maddeningly picky about movies , and I usually only expect to chuckle through an Adam Sandler movie , but this one ... wow.Adam Sandler plays a womanizing marine biologist in the beautiful setting of Hawaii . He meets Drew Barrymore 's character , a witty , funny , and charming woman who just happens to have a slight memory problem - in that she relives the same day over and over again thanks to a car accident . Both these characters could have been simple fluff , with no depth or anything that would cause the audience to connect , but for some reason , throughout the entire movie , you are willing them to overcome their incredible circumstances . Sandler undertakes the mad task of building a long-term relationship with Barrymore 's character , starting from scratch every day ! His methods are sweet and funny , its no wonder he 's so successful at wooing her.The supporting cast is great and not overbearing or interruptive to the story - though the man-woman-person is not my favorite ... just disturbing . Sean Astin was great , managed to be a caring , sweet character even with that annoying lisp.Bottom line , this is a movie to watch with your boyfriend/husband - it 's got enough comedy -LRB- both low-brow and intelligent -RRB- to entertain everyone , plus ... this is a sweet , sweet story that will break your heart a few times , right up to the ending , which had me in tears , sobbing . If you do n't have the same gut-twisting reaction , then you better have somebody take your pulse . However , if this movie lacked humor in your opinion , watch The Wedding Singer . If you want more drama/reality with a dash of intellectual humor , try Spanglish . Adam Sandler is awesome !
 First off , let me start by saying that I 've only enjoyed Adam Sandler in five movies . They are
 Adam Sandler is my favorite comedian , and I can watch almost any Adam Sandler movie and find myself laughing a whole lot . On the other hand , I am not a huge fan of chick flicks -LRB- probably because I 'm a guy -RRB- but I can enjoy a romantic comedy if I like the actors and the humor is really good . Adam Sandler 's first movie with Drew Barrymore , 1998 's `` The Wedding Singer '' was very funny , and while the second film with Sandler and Barrymore , 2004 's `` 50 First Dates '' is not as good as `` The Wedding Singer '' was , it still does deliver a lot of laughs.This time , Adam Sandler is Henry Roth , a Hawaii bachelor who is looking for the right girl , and even though Roth spends every night with a different Hawaiian tourist , he really wants a girl he can spend his life with . Then , one day , Roth meets Lucy -LRB- Barrymore -RRB- at a restaurant . Roth starts talking to her , and she seems to like him , but the next day , she does n't remember him . This is when Roth learns that Lucy was in a car accident , and as a result , when Lucy wakes up every day , her memory is gone , and her family and friends try to help her get her memory back . What this means for Roth is that every day , if he wants to spend his life with Lucy -LRB- who he has found to be the girl of his dreams -RRB- he must keep doing certain things to help her remember him , and from this point on during the rest of the movie , you will be in for a wild , hilarious ride . `` 50 First Dates '' is one of the best films of 2004 . It also co-stars Rob Schneider and Allen Covert , and both Schneider and Covert are as funny as usual . There are also special features on this DVD , which include a director and cast commentary , deleted scenes with an optional commentary , the making of this film , music videos , a Comedy Central Reel Comedy Special , a gag reel , a talkin ' pidgin featurette , filmographies , and previews . There is also a small advertisement for the new Adam Sandler album , `` Shh ... Do n't Tell '' . `` 50 First Dates '' is a great movie and a great film to have on DVD , and it is a romantic comedy both men and women will enjoy .
 i watched this movie with my girlfriend and i TOTALLY loved it . although that might just be cuz i was with her ... anyway ... it was a really good movie . it took me from laughing my face off at the comedy to the verge of tears at the sappiness ... some may call this a chick flick . thats ok with me . i have no problem with chick flicks ... i think theyre a vital part of the film industry . -LRB- ok i dont know where that just came from ... -RRB- if youre looking for a movie to see with that special someone , i recommend this one .
 Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler star in this hit-romantic comedy called 50 First Dates . Though officially not a comedy -LRB- there are some comedic parts in it , though -RRB- , Dates showcases the irresistible connection between American sweetheart Barrymore and barrell-of-laughs Sandler . Bittersweet , sincere and overall charming , 50 is worth 50 more viewings ! It 'll make you laugh , cry and cheer . 4 out of 5 stars for 50 !
 I have to admit that I am not a big fan of many of Adam Sandler 's movies . I thought he was funny on `` Saturday Night Live '' but I find many of his movies dissappointing . Some I find just not good -LRB- `` Zohan '' -RRB- while others I find good for a while then they lose steam . -LRB- `` Chuck & Larry '' , `` Click '' `` Spanglish '' -RRB- Most of his movies I 'll find some funny or amusing bits but not enough to sustain a whole movie . I keep watching Sandler movies and finally I 've found one that is very good from start to finish . `` 50 First Dates '' _ is a very good movie with a clever premise , a good script and a good supporting cast , especially leading lady Drew Barrymore . I 've liked some of his other films -LRB- `` Big Daddy '' `` Bedtime Stories '' -RRB- but not as much as this one . It shows that given a good script , Sandler can make good movies . A very solid 4 stars here .
 Now I can see her today and the next day , and the next day , and the next day ...
 I had avoided this film though it got very good reviews -LRB- from critics as unenthusiastic as I have usually been about Adam Sandler -RRB- . Then , by accident , I happened to catch the film on t.v. - on a channel that interrupted it with very few commercials . Not only was it charming and realistic , it was funny in a way modern films seldom are - the characters themselves were interestingly written and well-played -LRB- I was also stunned by Rob Schneider - and the cameo by Dan Ayckroyd - sp . ? - was lovely and well-researched -RRB- . And it had a quirky and very current topic
 If you just want a real , good , hard laugh ... this is the movie for you . It has a bit of off color humor in it , but it would n't be an Adam Sandler movie if it did n't . Drew and Adam have a fantastic chemistry . They are a great on screen couple and offer the charm of Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan without the nausea . Also , if you like this one , try watching `` My Date With Drew . '' A very funny movie about a real life guy who tries to get a date with Drew Barrymore . Very endearing and just as enjoyable .
 `` 50 First Dates '' is an Adam Sandler movie of surprising depth and heart . As an avid movie-watcher and someone who 's traditionally not a fan of Sandler , no one is more surprised than me . This film is NOT typical Saturday-Night Live fare , despite the unfortunate guest appearance of a shark-bitten -LRB- and unfunny -RRB- Rob Schneider.In perhaps his most likeable character to date , Sandler breaks from his traditional stereotypes of playing the misunderstood social misfit with an anger management problem . This time he plays Henry Roth , who although retains some classic `` Sandlerisms '' , is a surprisingly normal , sweet-natured , down-to-earth guy who happens to be in love with a girl with no short-term memory . Adorable Drew Barrrymore 's limitless cuteness and feminine charm makes his dilemma believable ; were I in Sandler 's shoes , I 'd be in love with her too.In one of her best performances to date , Barrymore -LRB- playing Lucy Whitmore -RRB- hits a perfect balance between comedy and sombreness for her character 's tragedy . The movie works because that tragedy is not overlooked ; the characters reflect and deal with it , they try to work around it . The movie works because Sandler and Barrymore 's chemistry is real and palpable . But perhaps most of all , and most amazing to me , is that despite losing her memory everyday , Lucy 's character develops as the film progresses . Barrymore 's performance keeps getting better and better as the film goes on , giving great depth to what potentially could have been nothing more than a comedic gimmick.The ending of the film is especially well done for a film of this type . At once poignant , wildly romantic , and beautiful , cry I nearly did ! The movie 's heart lies in the sacrifices the characters make , the believable love they share , and their will to make things work without a magical `` deus ex machina '' that fixes everything and saves the day . From that perspective , the film is quite bold , choosing to rely on the strength of its storytelling and acting to hold itself up . The film had its humorous moments , but those will not be what I remember years from now . Kudos , Mr. Sandler . I hope to see more films like this from you , but somehow I doubt it . The lure of making more films based on 3rd grade potty-jokes instead of emotion and depth is strong . Well , at least I get to enjoy this little gem .
 This movie was n't shooting for an Oscar . It was simply trying to make you laugh , and it did a great job at it!If you 're not one of those people who obsesses over a movie 's plot -LRB- which I still thought was pretty decent -RRB- and you just want a good laugh , this is a great flick !!! You 'll love this movie if you like : `` The Wedding Singer '' `` Meet the Parents '' `` There 's Something About Mary ''
 This movie is Hilarious . There are so many funny parts you ca n't even count them ! Rob Schneider does a great job playing a crazy guy with lots of kids . The only Sandler movie better than this is Little Nicky , and just by a little .
 it was a lol . -LRB- laugh out loud -RRB- i tell ya . it is n't rated R it 's a 13 . pg-13 that is . i loved it it was like so funny i could n't like stand it it was like that good i could not stop laffing . i like to spell laff and laffing the way i am spelling them . and i love this film and my brother met adam sandler .
 i loved this moovie . i am usually the first to see movies out of my family but my brothers saw this and said it was hilarious . this movie is hilarious but it is also cute . thumbs up dudes and females .
 If I could give this movie ten stars ... I would . I expected this to be a cute movie , but it was so much more than that . It shows Adam Sandler in a touching , but still quirky role . Drew Barrymore is amazing as Lucy . This love story will make you laugh and cry and laugh again -LRB- because it has to ... it 's an Adam Sandler movie ! -RRB- . I do n't want to tell too much of the plot , but just know that it is a great movie and they are a great pair onscreen . It 's a must-see , must-own movie .
 it was really good it was ` nt stupilike i thought it was going to be i found it very enjoyable rob shneider was hillarious lot ofunny parts its the best ever then 2happy gilmore 3Billy madison 4little nicky 5wedding singer 6waterboy 7Bigdaddy8anger management 9adamsandlers 8crazy nights
 Drew Barrymore burns up the screen . She ignites it , torches it , tosses gasoline all over it and lights a match . Various humanoid patterns seem to flit around her , like shades from the afterworld . I really ca n't be sure and , I got ta be real honest here , I do n't really care .
 Loved it !
 Even though nothing in this movie resembles reality , the plot is funny and entertaining . Adam and Drew have chemestry . Overall it is a good natured romantic comedy that makes you daydream about the silly things that people do for love .
 51st Dates , which stars DREW BARRYMORE , is a film I love!It is an absolutely hilarious movie all the way through.The story of a girl with short term memory loss will make you both laugh and cry.With plenty of humorous characters that threaten to steal the rug from under BARRYMORE , she remains standing as a clever actress.lINDA rOWE
 I love this movie ! It was very funny , yet sweet and touching . Altough the ending was a bit shocking to me , I 'll be first in line to buy it when it comes out . Adam and Drew work great together . Hawaii is beautiful , the soundtrack rocks , and this movie is awesom ! GO SEE IT !! GO NOW !!
 As a previous poster had mentioned , I too am on the fence about Adam Sandler . For every fun movie -LRB- Wedding Singer -RRB- there was an equally unfunny movie -LRB- Little Nicky -RRB- . I 'm glad to see him back in fine form in this selection.I mention that Sandler rewards his fans , it also seems to me that Sandler has to be one of the most loyal friends . In nearly every movie you will see reoccuring bit actors ; from Allen Covert , Rob Schneider , Blake Clark and Peter Dante . There was also an homage to friend Chris Farley and the movie `` Tommy Boy '' . If you notice carefully Lucy goes to the Callahan Institute funded by Callahan Motors in Sandusky , Ohio . For a fan of `` Tommy Boy '' this was a rare treat.The slapstick was toned down in favor of sincerity without being schmaltzy . The chemistry between Barrymore and Sandler that worked in `` Wedding Singer '' definitely works again . The ending will leave you oddly touched . Kudos on the soundtrack as well .
 My mom says that I rate movies by the number of tissues required throughout the showing . Well , this one requires tissues but not because it 's sad , but because it is very touching and sweet.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's not a sweet and gooey chick movie . My husband took me and we both thoroughly enjoyed it . From beginning to end it will make you laugh -- deep down real belly laughs -- and if you 're the type you 'll wipe away the tears , too.As in The Wedding Singer , Drew & Adam are perfect together and manage to pull these characters off without overdoing it . Sean Astin is hysterical as the brother and the walrus in all his glory steals the show . I hope you enjoy it as much as we did ! I do n't think you 'll regret it .
 Great movie to watch with the wife . The movie brought back memories of my honeymoon ! Loved the penguin . Sean Austin was hysterical ! Makes me want to go on 50dates with many beautiful wife .
 What a delightful surprise ! Never having been a big Adam Sandler fan , and since the TV spots promoting the movie made it out to be a typically juvenile Sandler film , I almost skipped 50 First Dates . But then a friend recommended it , and I 'm glad he did . Yes , there 's the expected quotient of over-the-top goofiness , especially from Rob Schneider , but underneath it all is a charming love story that just keeps growing on you . In fact , I found myself reluctant to return the DVD . I ended up watching the last half hour again a few days later and liked it even more . I kept it longer still and just finished watching the whole movie again and upped my rating from four to five stars . It 's rare that any film grows on me that way , but this one did . Get past the goofiness and you 'll find a heartwarming story of a playboy who grows up in time to find the love of his life , and then , as karmic penance , is forced to make her fall in love with him all over again every day . If Ground Hog Day was cleverly amusing , 50 First Dates takes a similar conceit and makes it heartfelt and charming . -LRB- Plus , the theme song is `` Would n't it be Nice '' by the Beach Boys instead of Sonny & Cher 's `` I Got You Babe '' . -RRB-
 This a movie that the whole family can enjoy.It 's so funny and sad at the same time.Wonderfully done .
 Moving and beautiful ... This is a heart-warming , feel-good romantic comedy . The acting is excellent , the characters likable , the story clever and touching.What else could you ask for ?
 One great DVD ! It runs perfectly on the computer and I love Adam Sandlers movies :-RRB- Definitely I 'll buy some more .
 have always loved the movie , finally decided to purchase it was glad i found it at amazon for really cheap ! :-RRB- including shipping i only paid $ 3 !! thanks amazon !
 Really great movie i think , It made me nearly cry a few times which i dont do that often . You know . you might think that not being able to remember anything might be a curse but maybe . sometimes what holds us back the most is some of our memories we get afraid or caught up in some past things or little stupid things that might have happen the day before or week before and if we could just start over each day fresh maybe it would make our lives better?But its great how its a good message about how a guy goes from dating a ton of girls he never wanted to really keep up with but then falling for one women who keeps forgetting who he is :--RRB- Love makes you do funny things.I hope someday i think even if its just for one day i could find someone like that myself . because life is tough!great movie . good message its great how Adem Sandler can be the `` bad boy '' of movies but also do touching movies as well . Great stuffs : - -RRB-
 I must have watched this movie at least 5 times . I catch something new from it every time . The story is witty , funny and touching , For me , this is Sandler 's best movie by far . Drew Barrymore looks great as well . Great date movie , or having laughs with the family .
 Adam Sandler has always surprised me . I do n't like silly movies so I tend to avoid actors who appear to be the type who play silly parts . Every movie I 've seen with Sandler is funny but not silly . I 've come to the point where I tend to seek out Sandler movies now because I enjoy them so much.Recently I took an inventory of our DVD collection and I could not find my copy of 40 First Dates . I found it for a low price here on Amazon.com so ordered it to fill that slot in m library .
 It 's a good movie . When I saw previews , I thought it would be stupid and a waste . But it was n't . Well , I 've seen better movies , but this is pretty good . I say you should rent it .
 i love adam , drew , rob , missi and dan and everyone else in the movie.i love how adam sandler uses all of the same people in his movies.i hope they all keep making these great movies .
 The smartest , sweetest and most surprising Adam Sandler movie I 've ever seen . Our little Opera Man is all growed up !
 I first saw the movie when I rented it and was suprised . I like Adam Sandler , while admitting that most of his movies are rather immature . My favorites are Happy Gilmore and Waterboy . Billy Madison ... not so good . However , like Punch-Drunk Love , this movie leaves you feeling good inside and enjoying the humor along the way . There were the usual stupid , inane jokes typical of Sandler movies , and I felt they interrupted the flow of the movie . However , the sincerity of Sandler 's , Barrymores , and her character 's father transcend it 's flaws . They all connect well with each other , and added to their sincerity make the movie enjoyable . Sandler 's character even convinced me that he was serious as a marine biologist ! Most of his characters have jobs where it 's just an excuse for him to act stupidly . Anyway , I definately recommend renting the movie for a the few bucks it takes to rent it . If you like it , then buy it , if not then you 're take like a little too seriously -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- . As for it not portraying Polynesian natives in a good light , I disagree . Only Rob Schneider 's character could be considered to be a negative depiction of their culture . The owner of the restaurant , and her son were both characterized in abundantly positive ways . Hey , just like there are white stoners , I 'm sure there are a few Hawaiian stoners . That does n't mean they all are . So if you 're still reading this , stop and go watch the movie !
 I thought this movie was very sweet . It was some what predictable but I enjoyed it anyway because it was jut too sweet to pass up and sometimes you do n't want a movie you have to think about or anything too heavy , this is perfect!Drew Barrymore 's character , Lucy , has no short-term memory , so Adam Sandler 's character , Henry , has to treat every encounter as their first . With the help of Lucy 's friends , father and brother -LRB- played Sean Austin - Samwise -RRB- Henry and Lucy 's relationship gets to blossom , everyday!It 's just so sweet how far Henry will go to remind her that she loves him . Awwww ...
 I was totally blown away by this movie . I laughed , I smiled and yes , I even wanted to cry ... Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler are a match made in Hollywood heaven . We need more movies like this one to take the edge off of all those hard hitting , leave nothing to the imagination movies out there circulating in DVD land .
 Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are in a new movie since `` The Wedding Singer '' . The main characters are Henry Roth -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- and Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- . Henry and Lucy fall in love in this movie after Lucy lost her memory in a car accident . This movie is one of the best movies I had ever seen . It earns 5 stars !!
 The story , first of all , was great . It was really fun watching Adam Sandler make Drew Barrymore fall in love with him everyday . The film was both funny and sad , no cheesy leaks . I enjoyed it very much , I thought they would spoil the ending though , but that turned out be decent as well . Brilliant !
 This was a wonderful movie . It is the best i have seen in quite a while . the story is very origional , and it has the perfect balance of silly jokes and seriousness . i realize that the movies are expensive ... but this one is worth the money . the music is also very good .
 The reunion of Sandler and Barrymore works well in this romantic comedy about a girl who was in accident a year ago and has no short term memory as a result . Barrymore 's character in other words indefinitely relives the day of her memory loss.Along comes Sandler 's character a womanizer who falls in love with Barrymore despite obvious obstacles to their romance.I am not the typical movie viewer that watches many romantic comedies . However I did enjoy the wedding singer and was pleased the chemistry and as importantly comedic timing between Sandler and Barrymore was present in a second movie.The supporting characters add humour to an otherwise morose and depressing premise . The movie deftly massages the heart strings , but when the viewer worries it is going to be really heart-wrenching Rob Schneider or another `` bit-player '' bails the script out , I attribute this largely to good screen-writing but also to the actors involved . This movie really is the cliched romantic comedy that is funny and heart-warming . 50 First Dates is almost enjoyable despite itself teehee , and a great date movie obviously .
 I have been a big Adam Sandler fan since Billy Madusin and Happy Gilmore . But ever since little nicky , I mean that movie was ok but , cmon . It wasnt till punch drunk love until I saw Adam Sandler in a different part . I 'm not saying this movie is better than punch drunk love , that movie was better than this but Adam Sandler really shows a great character in this film . So does Drew Barryomore . This is the second time you see these to in a flick . You also see them together in The wedding singer which is very funny too . I like the story of this film and it is real funny . More funnier than I thought it was gon na be . Rob S. is funny in this film too . This is a great film where you could take your girlfriend too or something like that . This movie is a love story movie which basically ever movie has a love story . Except for excorcist , or the mother loved the daughter I dont know anyways this is a real great film and a must see film of the year .
 Well after the disaster of Anger Management I was a little worries this one would disapoint also , but in all honesty , it was damn funny !! Some real laugh out loud moments , and you could n't help but have a smile on your face the whole movie , not mention recalling funny scenes on the way home and laughing about them again ... Sandler and Barrymore though the main characters -LRB- and very well played -RRB- are not the center of the humor as much as Rob Schneider and Sean Astin are pretty hilarious in their parts ... Overall , funny movie , really enjoyed it and will see it again for more laughs !
 Many balk at the ratio breaking widescreen format . Proclaiming a surprise once two black bars shone on their screens . For those who own the equipment that plays with it , are stir crazy for the format . This movie deserves to be seen in Letterbox , with or without the peripheral screens out there . The more left and right , the better . The vistas are drop dead gorgeous . You get to see famous Hawaiian sunsets . It 's public beaches everywhere , cliffs cutting the ocean off and then this solid movie playing on the side . I really was hesitant at another adam sandler film . I dropped from his fan list -LRB- decidedly : there are a few -RRB- after his animated flop -LRB- it 's unholy name shall not be reminded of ! -RRB- . I 'm not sure if this film catapults sandler into my graces , but it is a needed step in the right direction . It is filled with cliche 's , low brow humor , re-occuring -LRB- buddies -RRB- cast members , and of course , the ambiguous characters -LRB- A pat like character who prefers ` sausage ' to ` taco ' -RRB- . I did enjoy seeing sean austin -LRB- sam from LOTR 's -RRB- playing a touchy -LRB- a syndrom of steroid use -RRB- brother . Really set me in rifts of laughter ! Drew is gorgeous , and is perfect against a hawaiian backdrop . `` ima hit this one to molokai ! ''
 Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler turn their adorable charm up to full blast and its enough to carry this film over the bridge of believabilty . I ca n't imagine the pressure trying to make someone fall in love with you everyday-then again-maybe it 's something that we all should strive for . Surely a task like that would lower the divorce rate . Whenever I run across this film I ca n't help but smile . That 's a good thing , right ? Highly recommended .
 I SAW THIS MOVIE WITH THE THOUGHT I WOULD HATE IT . I HATE DREW BARRYMORE . I HATE ADAM SANDLER . I HATE ROB SCHNEIDER . YOU GET THE POINT . THIS WAS ACTUALLY A GOOD MOVIE WITH A LOT OF FUNNY MATERIAL . SUPRISINGLY SEAN ASTON WAS THE HIT OF THE MOVIE TO ME PLAYING DREW BARRYMORE 'S JUICED UP BROTHER . HE WAS VERY FUNNY -LRB- FAR CRY FROM THAT HOBBIT GUY HE HAS BEEN PLAYING . -RRB- THE MOVIE IS ABOUT SANDLER WHO IS SCARED OF COMMITMENT AND BARRYMORE , WHO HAS LOST HER SHORT TERM MEMORY IN AN ACCIDENT AND FORGETS MEETING SANDLER EVERYDAY . HER FATHER AND BROTHER TRY TO CONCEAL FROM HER THE FACT THAT SHE HAS LOST HER MEMORY . THE MOVIE LIKE I SAID IS VERY FUNNY AND EVEN ROB SCHNEIDER IS FUNNY . THE ENDING OF THIS MOVIE IS GOOD AND NOT YOUR ORDAINARY ENDING . I RECOMMEND YOU TO BUY THIS MOVIE OR AT LEAST RENT IT BECAUSE IT IS WORTH WATCHING
 Expecting another bomb after having seeing Anger Management , Mr. Deeds , and the god-awful Charlie 's Angels
 I had wanted to view this film for quite some time and when it arrived at my doorstep and later was loaded into my VCR it was all I had hoped for . Well written , solidly acted and directed , suspense laden yet humorous , the movie was definately as good as I 'd heard . Especially outstanding is the performance of Claude Rains but it does n't overpower the rest of the cast 's excellent acting undertakings , particularly that of Paul Muni . This film is certainly well worth seeing and I encourage all of you to do so . One thing I should point out is that I purchased the VHS Hollywood Classics Collector 's Edition put out by the Madacy Music Group of Quebec and my copy arrived damaged . This may very well have occurred during shipping and may not reflect on the distributor at all . I am also confident that , had I chosen to , I could have returned it and gotten another copy without a problem . However , I chose to repair it myself , which I was able to do but it did involve taking the tape apart and reassembling it . I do n't know who was at fault but the bottom line is that my copy was damaged and you have the right to know that . As far as the film itself though ; its a classic that absolutely does not disappoint . I urge you to give it a look .
 I really enjoyed this Paul Muni gives an over the top performance & Claude Rains makes a very astute Devil , who uses Paul Muni to begin a reign of terror in the USA . Paul -LRB- character is Eddie -RRB- is shot by a backstabbing criminal named Smiley and sent to hell . Eddie is brought back from hell to do the Devils work & to get revenge on Smiley . The scenes in hell were fantastic . Eddie 's soul which is a gangster/criminal goes into someone who looks like him -LRB- a judge running for Governor -RRB- . Anne Baxter slowly brings out the good in Eddie , to stop the evil plans . Anne Baxter is supposed to marry the judge . This had some good horror/fantasy mixed in with crime and really liked it overall . The VCI DVD print is good-very good . Full frame transfer . .
 A beautiful rewriting of Faust . A bad guy is killed by anotHer crook when coming out of prison and finds himself in hell . But he is a perfect image of a judge who fights against corruption . So Satan proposes a deal
 Paul Muni , Ann Baxter and Claude Rains . This excellent cast and great story deserve a better quality DVD . There are some pretty silly movies out there in this supernatural genre -LRB- ` Beyond Tommorow ' with Aubrey Smith comes to mind -RRB- . These silly movies are a thoughtless mish mash of new age / Biblical / and everything in between , philosophies
 This is a great movie ... but Most people already know this ... Older movies do n't need a review of the movie itself but we do need reviews on the Media itself ... ie ; how is the quality of this version ... vs. other versions -LRB- others Studios -RRB- . So which copy is better , the Alpha Video -LRB- I doubt it -RRB- , Vci Video , ROAN , Passport Video , Unicorn Video , Reel Classic Films , Synergy Ent , Passion Productions or Quality Information Publishers Inc ????? cripes 9 damn different copies ... what 's up here....ThanksThe-Thrashmaster
 Paul Muni is a hard-boiled gangster who literally goes to Hell . Claude Raines is a smooth Devil who will cut Muni a deal if he goes back to Earth and ruins the name of a good and upright man . Ann Baxter is the monkey wrench . Sounds like a drama and it is , but it 's kind of a `` comedy-noir '' . It 's also a great romantic comedy . Paul Muni is tough , funny and at times sensitive , Anne Baxter is a long suffering fiance and just the kind of woman for whom a tough mug like Muni 's Eddie could turn over a new leaf , and Claude Raines makes an excellent `` Nick '' , both funny and ominous.There is a nice twist at the end and the closing scene is one of my favorite finales in filmdom .
 Whatever you do , stick with the VCI Entertainment print of `` Angel On My Shoulder '' ! Scenes that were dark on other public domain releases of this film , so dark in fact that it made it almost impossible to make out any details in action , are now clear as a bell and viewable on this VCI disc . I am totally sold VCI 's DVD releases after seeing this one!Great product !!!
 It 's the film everyone remembers from those Saturday afternoon TV film matinees . The producer , Charles R. Rogers , had a pretty bleak record when it came to producing films on his own -LRB- he was once a V.P. at Universal before going solo -RRB- . But with `` Angel '' he knocked it out of the park . He inserted age-old movie favorties and combined them into one story . Gangsters , fights , comedy , drama , fantasy ... what 's not to love ? `` Angel on My Shoulder '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- offers up classic performances by such legendary stars as Paul Muni , Anne Baxter , and Claude Rains . All cast to type , they give performances that are timeless . When you think of any of these stars , think of them in this film and it will give you a pretty good idea as to what each was known for .
 Nick -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- never satisfied with the amount of soles caught , has his hat set for an incorruptible judge . He will recruit Eddie Kagle to replace Judge Fredrick Parker -LRB- both played by Paul Muni -RRB- in exchange for a second chance at life.If you were , raised Catholic then you will recognize the title as you have a devil on one shoulder and an angle on the other and you are struggling in the middle.There is great interaction between Paul Muni and Claude Rains . This move takes unexpected twists and turns . I may remind you a little of `` The Devil and Daniel Webster '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . However , no one can play `` Nick '' as well as Claude Rains.I rather like the way they return to the surface . I never trusted those types of elevators . Before you write off Anne Baxter as just another personality in this film , remember that she was also Nefretiri in `` The Ten Commandments '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- The Devil & Daniel Webster - Criterion Collection
 The movie arrived in super condition.I had seen this movie only once many many years ago and had searched for it but did not know the title . Then there it was was on AMC . Had to have it for my collection . Great acting , super plot and an even better ending .
 The movie arrived in super condition.I had seen this movie only once many many years ago and had searched for it but did not know the title . Then there it was was on AMC . Had to have it for my collection . Great acting , super plot and an even better ending .
 A violent gangster is murdered and arrives in Hell . A perfect double for an honest judge , whom the devil wishes to corrupt , he is recruted to take over the judges body and thus make the judge sin . The gangsters convoluted sense of decensy and fair play thwart the devil .
 Seems to me that Paul Muni was one of those ambitious thespians we only ever saw in prestigious productions . 1946 's ANGEL ON MY SHOULDER is one of them rare times in which he got to play a comic part . This is the movie I think of when Paul Muni 's name gets dusted off . It 's his most fun picture . It 's a marvelous fantasy in the same vein asThe Devil & Daniel Webster -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- andHere Comes Mr. Jordan.Surly St. Louis gangster Eddie Kagle -LRB- Muni -RRB- has just served four years in penitentiary and now he 's out . But on the same day of his release , he gets plugged by his own pal , Smiley , and with his own gun . Suddenly Eddie finds himself wandering in a nightmarish place that smells like rotten eggs . He runs into a sly fellow -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- named `` Nick '' whom he thinks is a smooth-talking con man ... and he 's not wrong . For Nick will pull a fast one if you 're not alert . Nick makes a deal with Eddie
 Gangster Eddie Kagle -LRB- Paul Muni -RRB- is dead . Shot by the only man he ever trusted
 This is one of my husband 's favorite movies from childhood - watching it with his father . I thought a nice memory had affected his judgment of the film 's cinematic quality . I was wrong ! This is one of those old movies that communicated on every level and I am so happy I decided to replace his worn out videotape . Paul Muni is incredible and Claude Rains muted depiction of Evil Incarnate is delightful .
 From the same writer as `` here comes Mr. Jordan '' this is heaven can wait - for the other team . Entertaining and well done afflicted with unfortunate late 40 's style cinematography which I 've always found annoying it is still worth the look.Paul Muni plays Eddie Keagle , a gangster murdered by his own partner who finding himself ` down there ' makes a deal with Claude Rains , whom he fails to recognize as the big boss down below , to escape . Rains will help him to get revenge on his killer if Muni will help Rains by ruining a squeaky clean judge.Rains puts Muni into the judge 's body and from then on the gangster is running the show . The problem is two fold . The tools of the devil are dumb as rocks and keep messing up his attempts to ruin the judge 's reputation and secondly treated with kindness and respect by common people who would have spit on the gangster and admired by children the judge has helped Eddie starts to wonder if he was such a nice guy after all.Not over the top or mawkish , Muni 's gangster is not readily likeable , which makes him an entertaining character to watch , wondering more what he 'll do than hoping for him . Rains , however , is the big draw . Deliciously underplaying the devil one starts to feel sorry for him as his plans get repeatedly foiled by the tools he has to work with.In the end this is an entertaining and not entirely predictable morality play balancing Muni 's unlikeable self absorbed thug with Rains ' sophisticated charmer .
 A movie that I remember from many years ago and one that I was happy to add to my collection and is as enjoyable as it was when I first saw it . Black and white with actors who seem to be all that better in that genre .
 This VCI disc is good . The image is mostly crisp and clear , say above 90 % . There are a few frames that are fuzzy and dull . There is no hissing or dropout in the sound . There is a comedy short with Leon Errol . It 's image sound is also good.As the other reviewers stated the story and acting are top-notch . Even on the short . I have one other VCI disc and there is a Leon Errol short on it . I had never heard of him . He is actually pretty funny .
 Both Roan and VCI have pretty good prints of this film . It 's a toss-up , so perhaps the special features might be the deciding point . The Roan disc has a Vincent Sherman interview which is also available on Roan 's release of Underground . The VCI disc has a Leon Errol short which is also available on VCI 's currently OOP Leon Errol comedy set . I 'm going with the VCI disc because I already have Underground , and the VCI disc has a nicer cover . Even though the Roan disc lists the running time as 90 min. , a side-by-side comparison shows it to be 100/101 min . as is the VCI disc . The film 's running time matches the original running time , although I 'm a little suspicious of the scene following the one in the judge 's chamber . It starts in the middle of a word and looks like there could be a few seconds missing . But every print I 've ever seen is the same as this .
 The popularity of `` Angel on My Shoulder '' spans seven decades . This 1946 classic film stars Paul Muni , Claude Rains , and Anne Baxter . Originally written by Harry Segall , it is the reverse telling of his earlier work , the stage play `` Heaven Can Wait '' , -LRB- which was adapted for the screen as `` Here Comes Mr. Jordan '' and remade in 1978 by Warren Beatty -RRB- . Whereas `` Heaven Can Wait '' is the story of a man who 's prematurely sent to Heaven , `` Angel '' tells the tale of a mobster , Eddie Kagle , who is sent to Hell after he 's gunned down by his best friend . The Devil gives him an opportunity to spend a few days back on Earth to seek revenge . While there , Eddie manages to redeem himself ... much to the Devil 's chagrin . It 's a clever re-telling of Faust.Both `` Here Comes Mr. Jordan '' and `` Angel on My Shoulder '' not only spoke to the era in which they were made , but also became classics in their own right . Despite the fact that `` Angel '' was produced during the tail end of World War II , it continues to be enjoyed by television and video rental audiences year after year . Its heartwarming comedy and central theme of redemption have stood the test of time.Paul Muni plays the lead with much charm , while Claude Rains is a debonaire Devil . There 's a few loose ends in the story 's structure and non-organic characters whose only purpose is to serve a utility function . However , in the end the overall film delivers an entertaining viewing ... and afterall , is n't that the bottom line?Current rumor has it that a re-make is in the works with a major actor to play the lead . I personally ca n't wait to see the update .
 If you ca n't sleep or it 's raining outside and you do n't have to work tomorrow , here is a good late night movie to watch . Paul Muni plays a gangster , `` Eddie '' , who has just been released after four years in prison . A gangster pal , `` Smiley '' , picks him up in a car . Suddenly , Eddie is shot and he ends up in Hell . Claude Rains plays the Devil . The Devil decides to let Eddie go back up on Earth . He puts him in another body , a look-alike who is a Judge . All that Eddie can think of is getting even with Smiley for shooting him . But everyone else looks at him as The Judge who is not himself anymore . Ann Baxter plays `` Miss Barbara '' .
 A brilliant dark comedy about a dead gangster restored to life in the body of an honorable man -LRB- his look-alike -RRB- . Paul Muni plays the protagonist well , but the film is stolen by Claude Rains as the Devil -- one of Rains 's all-time best performances . It 's an absorbing film , splendidly directed , with an intelligent script that 's immensely funny . Deserves a new life .
 I have always been a fan of Claude Rains and in this movie , I find him to be an utterly delightful and humorous devil . If the devil can be humorous or delightful . An entertaining dark comedy , Paul Muni is a murdered gangster sent back to earth by `` Nick '' -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- , to impersonate a well respected judge . What follows are many hilarious twists and turns as Muni attempts to discredit the Judge 's good name . This movie proves once and for all , the devil can be outsmarted .
 This movie , first released in 1946 , is a good piece of entertainment . The story ... a hardened criminal suffering in hell is brought back to earth and goes through an Ebineezer Scrooge type transformation ... is brought to life very well by the extraordinary acting talents of Paul Muni and Claude Rains.The script also is excellent ... giving these two performers plenty of good lines to mold and shape to their liking.The supporting cast is OK . Anne Baxter as the fiancee is OK . George Cleveland as the man-servant is also OK . But ... they are minor leaguers to the major league talents of Mr. Muni and Mr. Rains . And , when neither of these two gentlemen are on the screen , there is a definate lull or emptiness in the action.Claud Rains is better here than he was in Casablanca -LRB- where his performance was sort-of choppy -RRB- and he is an excellent Satan ... very nefarious and , um , unctuous . Paul Muni is the better talent here , however . He is always working ... using subtle little gestures when he 's not talking ... always moving , always adding a little something to the character ... and the result is a complete , very believable gangster who has a change of heart.Even after 60 years , this is still a pretty good 100 minutes of entertainment .
 Paul Muni plays a gangster brought back to life after he was killed by another evil guy named Smiley Williams . Muni makes a deal with the devil -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- and he 's brought back as a man who 's a judge running for governor ! Muni does n't know Cluade Rains is the devil because he just calls himself Nick , and he says he 's an ex - con . Anne Baxter plays the fiancee of the judge and Muni likes her a lot . Lots of people see the change in Muni and soon are wondering if it really is him . There 's one scene where Muni wants a drink of liquor and a cigar . But since he 's now in the judge 's body he coughs it up and feels horrible . Later , Muni finds out that Nick is the Devil and starts distrusting him . Somehow even thoguh this is a little serious , it is also quite funny . THis is a good movie ! ENJOY !
 Saw this old movie on TV and had to have it to show my family . The quality of the movie was n't very good since it is such an old move , but the story is great . I liked the theory that we 'll be shoveling coal in Hell if we have that misfortune to go there . We got a lot of laughs as well as a good moral to the story .
 Great horror/fantasy movie with Claude Rains and Paul Muni.It 's scary and it 's funny and it 's just a gem . Claude Rainsis awesome as the devil who makes a deal with a bad man whocan come back from the dead . The ending is great as the badman has a change of heart . I love this movie . They do n'tand ca n't make movies like this anymore . I bought a $ 1 dvdat some place a while back and watch it often . you will too !
 Paul Muni and Claude Rains , two of the most accomplished film actors of the thirties and forties , here take a routine vehicle and make it an experience worth having . The script and supporting cast are from the production factory but these two make it seem better than it is . They are the film and worth the price of admission . Anne Baxter , while not yet in their league , shows some of the qualities which made her a star in just a few more years . Watching them . one is reminded of the fact that acting styles change as do audience expectations . As one enjoys -LRB- or does not enjoy -RRB- these performances , one realizes that comparing them with current actors is not a question of asking who is better but rather of realizing that they are different , different in training , different in style , different in the eyes of their audiences . The member of a film audience who can accept both approaches is opening him-or-herself to much gratification .
 This classic 1946 film , starring Paul Muni and Claude Raines is the very best of all the supernatural fantasies . With just the right mixture of comedy and tragedy , and driven by the masterful acting performances of the two principal players and a very fine screenplay , it is a story of ruthlessness , compassion and redemption . Highly recommended .
 Nick -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- never satisfied with the amount of soles caught , has his hat set for an incorruptible judge . He will recruit Eddie Kagle to replace Judge Fredrick Parker -LRB- both played by Paul Muni -RRB- in exchange for a second chance at life.If you were , raised Catholic then you will recognize the title as you have a devil on one shoulder and an angle on the other and you are struggling in the middle.There is great interaction between Paul Muni and Claude Rains . This move takes unexpected twists and turns . I may remind you a little of `` The Devil and Daniel Webster '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . However , no one can play `` Nick '' as well as Claude Rains.I rather like the way they return to the surface . I never trusted those types of elevators . Before you write off Anne Baxter as just another personality in this film , remember that she was also Nefretiri in `` The Ten Commandments '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- The Devil & Daniel Webster - Criterion Collection
 Nick -LRB- Claude Rains -RRB- never satisfied with the amount of soles caught , has his hat set for an incorruptible judge . He will recruit Eddie Kagle to replace Judge Fredrick Parker -LRB- both played by Paul Muni -RRB- in exchange for a second chance at life.I you were raised Catholic then you will recognize the title as you have a devil on one shoulder and an angle on the other and you are struggling in the middle.There is great interaction between Paul Muni and Claude Rains . This move takes unexpected twists and turns . I may remind you a little of `` The Devil and Daniel Webster '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . However no one can play `` Nick '' as well as Claude Rains.I kind of like the way they return to the surface . I never trusted those types of elevators . Before you write off Anne Baxter as just another personality in this film remember that she was also Nefretiri in `` The Ten Commandments '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- The Devil & Daniel Webster - Criterion Collection
 If you can get beyond the biblical nonsense , this film is a wonderful allegory . Muni is always great , and Claude Raines , that most underrated of actors , out-Lucifers Lucifer . Or his he Satan ? Or Mephistopheles ? Beelzebub ? Heck , I can never keep all those naughty loci straight . Anyway , his voice alone makes this classic well worth seeing , so gorgeously , sumptuously wicked is it , the very personification of charming diabolicality , reeking splendidly of the smoky environs of the infernal regions . -LRB- Raines was chosen to play THE INVISIBLE MAN because he had the most evocative voice in the business . -RRB- The DVD transfer could be better , but the delightful performances and droll script far outshine any technical imperfections so that you wo n't even notice them .
 I 'm gon na do this in a few short sentences . Gangster dies and goes to hell . He makes a deal with a demon who goes by Nick -LRB- The Devil ... -RRB- . He goes back to earth to fulfill his obligation and falls in love . Everything untangles . This film is not considered by everyone to be part of the Film Noir genre but it has all the elements . ENJOY !!!
 Perhaps this film of Benjamin Britten 's opera will be on DVD soon . It 's the best of Peter Weigl 's films of the five that I 've seen , and the other four are already available in that format . Like those , ` The Turn of the Screw ' is filmed in completely naturalistic settings , and actors replace the singers for the visual portion . It takes awhile to become accustomed to people in elaborate costumes running around the stately home singing the dialogue . The beauty of the scenery makes up for that , and the grossly phallic summer house adds a hint of how Weigl wants to interpret this opera.The singers on this recording are Helen Donath -LRB- the governess -RRB- , Robert Tear -LRB- Quint -RRB- , Ava June -LRB- Mrs. Grose -RRB- , Heather Harper -LRB- Miss Jessel -RRB- , and Lilian Watson -LRB- Flora -RRB- . The role of Miles is sung by Michael Ginn , a boy soprano . The singing roles of Miles and Flora would have been better done switched around , since Ginn sounds too young for the actor playing Miles , and Watson sound overly mature for Flora . The Czech actors are admirably suited
 Very good combination of actors and singers . And the right touch of scariness versus reality - and the ominous changes in her dress is a stroke of genius .
 Filmed in Czechoslovakia , with a cast that seems perfectly suited physically to the James ' novel 's descriptions , Turn of the Screw has the added advantage of Britten 's `` regulars '' -LRB- Peter Pears et al -RRB- providing the music to which the actors flawlessly lipsynch . The atmosphere evoked visually and musically does full service to both the intricacies and shading of the opera , and to the psychological ambiguities of the plot and characters . Truly one of the best filmed , sung , and acted opera videos in recent memory .
 i ordered both the movie for my kindle and dvd ... it is a very good classic movie ... i still gets a good laugh or two , , i know it will put a smile one your face . . its a good one
 I bought this as a gift for myself . I saw this once a million years ago & instantly fell in love with it . Had a hard time finding it so decided to check amazon.com and VIOLA ! found it . It 's light easy humor . Love all the old actors .
 NOTHING LIKE CURLING UP ON THE COUCH ON A COLD WINTERS DAY AND WATCHING AND GOOD OLD MOVIE , WITH A BIG BOWL OF POPCORN .
 i came by accident found they had a couple of movies with topper . a must for any collection that has topper in it.i like the very much . i laughed thru out the whole movie .
 This movie was done by Hal Roach , who was also responsible for Laurel and Hardy . I thought it was pretty funny . If you liked Laurel and Hardy , you 'll like this
 I have never seen the other Topper movies , but I can tell you that this one has some very funny stuff . My mom and I often quote this movie when we see each other . If you want a good laugh , that is descent and you do n't have to worry about your kids hearing things they should n't then this is what you want !
 It 's an old movie which has been colorized . Old fashion special tricks to depick ghostly happenings . Very enjoyable .
 I love the case , it is in better shape then I expected and the dvd plays great .
 This is the third movie in the Topper series but without the charm of Cary Grant . Sexy , wise-cracking Gail Richards -LRB- Joan Blondell -RRB- accompanies her best friend Ann Carrington -LRB- Carole Landis -RRB- to see Ann 's ailing father at his mansion . During her stay at the creepy mansion , she is found murdered after trading her bedroom with Ann , who was the intended target of the killer . In the tradition of Topper movies , Gail 's ghost comes back and she persuades the sweet and caring Cosmo Topper -LRB- Roland Young -RRB- who had given the ladies a lift earlier , to help identify the masked killer . The madcap adventure begins with one after another , following up leads to her murderer . The real hoot is that Eddie the chauffeur -LRB- Eddie Anderson -RRB- see 's `` strange things '' for which there are no clear explanations ; doors opening and closing by themselves , people talking to nothing and getting answers , extra sets of footprints in freshly fallen snow he ca n't figure out . The house is crowded with other members of the household . Besides Ann , her father Henry Carrington -LRB- H.B. Warner -RRB- , Clara Topper -LRB- Billie Burke -RRB- , Emily , the Topper maid -LRB- Patsy Kelly -RRB- , Dr. Jeris -LRB- George Zucco -RRB- , a dumb cop -LRB- flustered Donald MacBride -RRB- , and housekeeper Lillian -LRB- Rafaela Ottiano -RRB- provide a good deal of `` creepy '' feeling to lighten of your Halloween experience . It is all in good fun and no serious scary moment of course . Finally the identity of the killer is revealed . It is worth watching the movie to find out the identity of the masked killer!My favorite scenes are
 This is your typical fun fare ' 30 's movie ... but from 1941 . If it ever get slow Billie Burke -LRB- good witch of the north in Wizzard of oz -RRB- livens it up even better then Mrs. Howell did in Gilligans Island . Her comic often comes up as genius , and occasionaly brightens the movie just when it needs it . She was n't used enough in comedies if you ask me.A few hidden doors and passage ways make for curious and bordering on scary moments . It has Rochester and an inside joke to his `` former boss '' . some excess in the Seal scene . The boat offshore makes no sence and is never explained.Still it 's a pretty fair comic mystery movie too and who can guess the real villian?But it 's a fun yarn with a few cuties and reluctant heroes to enjoy.Though some similarities to the `` Thin Man '' exist , it 's far more light.The DVD loaded easily , no apparent flaws in reproduction .
 ... it 's become my favorite video . Joan Blondell and Carole Landis -- the `` poor man 's Betty Grable '' -- are great as the two party gals who go to a spooky old mansion to claim the inheritance that Landis has been awarded . Billy Burke as Mrs. Topper is a scream and so is her side-kick maid , Patsy Kelly -LRB- no one could do a double-take better than patsy -RRB- and Rochester , as Cosmo Topper 's man servant is hysterical . The beautiful camera-work , the women 's gowns , the top-notch special effects and the hysterical sight-gags ranks this with the best of Abbott and Costello comedies . A terrific excuse to while away an hour and a half when you 're feeling down or bored . Best Scene
 Topper Returns is an example of how old Hollywood could do classic work , with a movie that is n't great , but exceedingly good , and at times downright hilarious . Roland Young , the woman who plays his wife -LRB- forgot her name -RRB- Joan Blondell and Eddie Anderson make this a comedy , albeit a black comedy with it 's overtones of murder , worth buying . And do n't forget , it was nominated for two Academy Awards . It 's good viewing for Mom , Dad and kids who are n't really young .
 I first saw this movie when I was 6 and just LOVED IT ! It took me years to track it down . It is worth every penny . Buy it ! I promise you wo n't be disappointed . To keep the story short , Topper gets rapped up in a mysterious murder case against his will and is even considered a suspect . This movie involves his jealous wife , a chair that suddenly tips backward and makes the person sitting in it disappear , and a laughing sea lion . Hilarious !
 What can I say , my wife and I love these types of old movies . Its great to get out of the every day stress and have a few laughs .
 This movie brought back a lot of memories and was a fun saturday afternoon movie . I love being able to add it to my `` ghost '' collection . I 'd like to have all the Topper Movies and Shows . This movie came faster than I thought it would and was greeted with a day off of work just to watch it again .
 That 's right , this movie has everything . It has an all-star cast , a mansion , a murder , a ghost , and comedy ! One review I read for this movie said it was the perfect rainy day movie . To that I agree . I remember the first time I saw this movie , it was pouring down rain and I remember Tom Hatten giving the introduction to it on the `` Family Film Festival '' , a Los Angeles TV show every weekend back in the 1980 's . Cosmo Topper -LRB- Young -RRB- picks up two women -LRB- Blondell and Landis -RRB- whose taxi has broken down and takes them to their destination , an old mansion on a hill . Later that night one of the women is murdered and her ghost finds Topper once again , drags him and his chauffer -LRB- Rochester -RRB- back to the mansion to find the murderer . This intimate gathering becomes large as Topper 's wife -LRB- Burke -RRB- and maid follow shortly thereafter . Also joining the party is the taxi cab driver that had broken down , along with the household of the rich old man , his doctor -LRB- Zucco -RRB- , maid and butler . Oh , did I forget the police chief and officers ? Even with this somewhat large staff the movie is easy to follow , they all interact well , and everyone gets in some jokes.The only disappointing thing about this DVD is that there are no , and I mean NO extras or special features.This movie is really a treat to anyone who has n't seen it before .
 One of the greatest screen personalities of the 1930s , Joan Blondell found herself being edged out of films by the decade 's end . Soon she would be reduced to playing the Shelley Winters parts before Shelley Winters found her niche , and then actually competing with Shelley Winters for the same roles , which must have been terribly frustrating for a talented actress like Blondell . Here she is and you can just see a hint of desperation as she `` jumps the shark '' into a sort of limbo of `` being a star '' and `` no longer a star . '' I can picture her face when handed the script , `` And you get killed on page 15 . '' What ? And this is long before Janet Leigh 's brave decision to let her character get killed off in Hitchcock 's PSYCHO ! But leave it to Joan , she took the part and really ran with it . All the way up to the end she was a classy actress and the definition of `` star . `` TOPPER RETURNS has a lot of fun with the idea of Joan Blondell as a `` ghost of her former self . '' Roland Young , Billie Burke , and winsome Carole Landis offer suitable support . Eddie Anderson tries varying his Rochester persona here -- he 's great , but the script does n't give him enough to do -- or when it does -LRB- like playing with the trained seal -RRB- it 's the wrong kind of thing . However , like Joan Blondell , he rises above it with style .
 Topper Returns was great clean fun . The actors were great . I loved every minute of the movie . My only complaint was a film problem with a short section of the tape itself . It in no way reflected on the quality of the acting , the problem was a bad tape .
 I wish we really had a here-after like in this film . Then I would n't fear death so much . This was fun to watch . I loved the mansion on the hill . Where on earth do they have places like this ? I 'd love to stay in one sometime . Would n't it be nice ? Only , I would n't want to end up like the girl in this movie . I liked this movie . The DVD skips in a few places though and is frustrating , only when that happens .
 Passport Video and Koch Entertainment Distribution present `` Classic Comedies > From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- ... relive the laughter from Hollywood 's Golden Age ... spanning the early years of comedy -LRB- '20s -- '40s -RRB- ... this collection features signature films from comedy 's greatest names ... besides that you just discovered the essential collection of classic comedy performances ... this compilation features more hours of the best routines in comedy history than you could shake a stick at ... laugh along with your favorite film , scene and actors that keep you coming back for more .15 Fabulously Funny Feature Films -LRB- in alphabetical order in which they appear -RRB- 1 . FATHER 'S LITTLE DIVIDEND -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Spencer Tracy , Elizabeth Taylor & Joan Bennett2 . GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1927 Buster Keaton3 . GOLD RUSH , THE -LRB- 1925 -RRB- Charlie Chaplin4 . HIS GIRL FRIDAY -LRB- 1940 -RRB- Cary Grant & Rosalind Russell5 . INSPECTOR GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1949 -RRB- Danny Kaye & Elsa Lanchester6 . JUDGE PRIEST -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Will Rogers & Hattie McDaniel7 . LIFE WITH FATHER -LRB- 1947 -RRB- William Powell , Elizabeth Taylor & Irene Dunne8 . MILKY WAY , THE -LRB- 1936 -RRB- Harold Lloyd & Adolphe Menjou9 . MR. ROBINSON CRUSOE -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Douglas Fairbanks Sr. 10 . MY MAN GODFREY -LRB- 1936 -RRB- William Powell & Carole Lombard11 . NOTHING SACRED -LRB- 1937 -RRB- Fredric March & Carole Lombard12 . PALOOKA -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Stu Erwin & Jimmy Durante13 . SPEAK EASILY -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Buster Keaton & Jimmy Durante14 . THAT UNCERTAIN FEELING -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Merle Oberon & Melvyn Douglas15 . TOPPER RETURNS -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Joan Blondell & Roland YoungGreat job by Passport Video for releasing `` Classic Comedies From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' , the digital transfere with a somewhat clean and clear print ... looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage era of the '20s , '30s & '40s ... order your copy now from Amazon or Passport Video where there are plenty of copies available on DVD , stay tuned once again for top notch performances mixed with laughter ... they 're funny , they 're sad , but most of all they 're passionate ... here 's a side-splitting collectioin of classic comedies that appeal to every sense of humor from slapstick to sophisticated ... they say that laughter is always the best medicine , try some you just might like it . . Total Time
 Passport Video and Koch Entertainment Distribution present `` Classic Comedies From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- ... relive the laughter from Hollywood 's Golden Age ... spanning the early years of comedy -LRB- '20s -- '40s -RRB- ... this collection features signature films from comedy 's greatest names ... besides that you just discovered the essential collection of classic comedy performances ... this compilation features more hours of the best routines in comedy history than you could shake a stick at ... laugh along with your favorite film , scene and actors that keep you coming back for more .15 Fabulously Funny Feature Films -LRB- in alphabetical order in which they appear -RRB- 1 . FATHER 'S LITTLE DIVIDEND -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Spencer Tracy , Elizabeth Taylor & Joan Bennett2 . GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1927 Buster Keaton3 . GOLD RUSH , THE -LRB- 1925 -RRB- Charlie Chaplin4 . HIS GIRL FRIDAY -LRB- 1940 -RRB- Cary Grant & Rosalind Russell5 . INSPECTOR GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1949 -RRB- Danny Kaye & Elsa Lanchester6 . JUDGE PRIEST -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Will Rogers & Hattie McDaniel7 . LIFE WITH FATHER -LRB- 1947 -RRB- William Powell , Elizabeth Taylor & Irene Dunne8 . MILKY WAY , THE -LRB- 1936 -RRB- Harold Lloyd & Adolphe Menjou9 . MR. ROBINSON CRUSOE -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Douglas Fairbanks Sr. 10 . MY MAN GODFREY -LRB- 1936 -RRB- William Powell & Carole Lombard11 . NOTHING SACRED -LRB- 1937 -RRB- Fredric March & Carole Lombard12 . PALOOKA -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Stu Erwin & Jimmy Durante13 . SPEAK EASILY -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Buster Keaton & Jimmy Durante14 . THAT UNCERTAIN FEELING -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Merle Oberon & Melvyn Douglas15 . TOPPER RETURNS -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Joan Blondell & Roland YoungGreat job by Passport Video for releasing `` Classic Comedies From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' , the digital transfere with a somewhat clean and clear print ... looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage era of the '20s , '30s & '40s ... order your copy now from Amazon or Passport Video where there are plenty of copies available on DVD , stay tuned once again for top notch performances mixed with laughter ... they 're funny , they 're sad , but most of all they 're passionate ... here 's a side-splitting collectioin of classic comedies that appeal to every sense of humor from slapstick to sophisticated ... they say that laughter is always the best medicine , try some you just might like it . . Total Time
 Topper Returns was great clean fun . The actors were great . I loved every minute of the movie . My only complaint was a film problem with a short section of the tape itself . It in no way reflected on the quality of the acting , the problem was a bad tape .
 Passport Video and Koch Entertainment Distribution present `` Classic Comedies > From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- ... relive the laughter from Hollywood 's Golden Age ... spanning the early years of comedy -LRB- '20s -- '40s -RRB- ... this collection features signature films from comedy 's greatest names ... besides that you just discovered the essential collection of classic comedy performances ... this compilation features more hours of the best routines in comedy history than you could shake a stick at ... laugh along with your favorite film , scene and actors that keep you coming back for more .15 Fabulously Funny Feature Films -LRB- in alphabetical order in which they appear -RRB- 1 . FATHER 'S LITTLE DIVIDEND -LRB- 1951 -RRB- Spencer Tracy , Elizabeth Taylor & Joan Bennett2 . GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1927 Buster Keaton3 . GOLD RUSH , THE -LRB- 1925 -RRB- Charlie Chaplin4 . HIS GIRL FRIDAY -LRB- 1940 -RRB- Cary Grant & Rosalind Russell5 . INSPECTOR GENERAL , THE -LRB- 1949 -RRB- Danny Kaye & Elsa Lanchester6 . JUDGE PRIEST -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Will Rogers & Hattie McDaniel7 . LIFE WITH FATHER -LRB- 1947 -RRB- William Powell , Elizabeth Taylor & Irene Dunne8 . MILKY WAY , THE -LRB- 1936 -RRB- Harold Lloyd & Adolphe Menjou9 . MR. ROBINSON CRUSOE -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Douglas Fairbanks Sr. 10 . MY MAN GODFREY -LRB- 1936 -RRB- William Powell & Carole Lombard11 . NOTHING SACRED -LRB- 1937 -RRB- Fredric March & Carole Lombard12 . PALOOKA -LRB- 1934 -RRB- Stu Erwin & Jimmy Durante13 . SPEAK EASILY -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Buster Keaton & Jimmy Durante14 . THAT UNCERTAIN FEELING -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Merle Oberon & Melvyn Douglas15 . TOPPER RETURNS -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Joan Blondell & Roland YoungGreat job by Passport Video for releasing `` Classic Comedies From Hollywood 's Golden Age '' , the digital transfere with a somewhat clean and clear print ... looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage era of the '20s , '30s & '40s ... order your copy now from Amazon or Passport Video where there are plenty of copies available on DVD , stay tuned once again for top notch performances mixed with laughter ... they 're funny , they 're sad , but most of all they 're passionate ... here 's a side-splitting collectioin of classic comedies that appeal to every sense of humor from slapstick to sophisticated ... they say that laughter is always the best medicine , try some you just might like it . . Total Time
 And his wife caught him . Besides revisiting your favorite characters , there is a pretty good murder mystery going . There is an old dark house with secret passages and secret people . In the middle of this is Topper . And on top of Toper 's lap there is a ghost.Ann Carrington -LRB- Carole Landis -RRB- is returning to her old family estate . Traveling there with her friend Gail Richards -LRB- Joan Blondell -RRB- , we see the front end of a rifle and soon the cab they are traveling in gets a flat tier at the most incontinent location . This sets the tone as later Gail gets ghostafied.So who did it and why ? Gail is determined to find out with the help of the only person who can see her Cosmo Topper -LRB- Roland Young -RRB- .
 The story is wafer thin and it matters little . There is more crammed in this little unsung film than most comedies . Despite the racist undertones , Rochester shows why he was regarded as such a great comic actor . It is a pity he did not make more films as he seems the equal of Bob Hope as the scared driver of Topper.Indeed the whole film is a battle between which lunatic can hold the camera for more than a few seconds . There is just too much going on . I particularly liked Topper 's wife who was so dizzy and stole scene after scene . It is a who dunnit , but that really does not matter as it is all great fun.Sit back and enjoy a piece of nonsense .
 When bombshell Joan Blondell accompanies friend Carole Landis to her spooky family home and is murdered for her pains , she returns as a ghost bent upon the solution of her own murder -- and enlists Roland Young -LRB- as Cosmo Topper -RRB- as an unlikely aide . The result is a wildly funny film that offers great performances from some of the finest screwball character actors of the period.Based on characters originally seen in the earlier TOPPER starring Cary Grant and Roland Young , TOPPER RETURNS is a broad take-off on the stereotypes of `` old dark house '' mysteries popular in the 1930s and 1940s -- most particularly the classic CAT AND THE CANARY and THE BAT , which were noted for their black-costumed criminals and creepy mansions complete with secret passages , but also referencing Hitchcock 's REBECCA . Blondell gives a typically lively performance as a ghost with attitude , and Young is perfectly cast as the mild-mannered banker she blackmails into assisting her . Carole Landis is also attractively cast as the heiress targeted for murder.But the real stars of TOPPER RETURNS are the supporting cast , most particularly Billie Burke , Patsy Kelly , and Eddie `` Rochester '' Anderson . Burke gives her sublime flair for the ridiculously absurd full reign in the role of Cosmo Topper 's ditsy wife , and few could match Patsy Kelly 's combination of drop-dead humor and double-take . But the real scene-stealer is Eddie Anderson , best known as Jack Benny 's radio and television sidekick `` Rochester . '' Although the actual script plays to racial stereotypes of the day , Anderson completely transcends its less savory aspects with a performance that is nothing short of comic genius , and it makes one wish the era in which he worked had afforded him broader opportunity.The entire family should enjoy TOPPER RETURNS , which plays at director Hal Roach 's typically fast pace with nary a lag , and the special effects are fun to watch . The film is an overlooked comic gem and deserves a place in any collection .
 A great cast and the perfect blend of humor and mystery make this entry in the series based on Thorne Smith 's characters one of the very best . Roy Del Ruth 's direction and a better than average screenplay by Jonathan Latimer and Gordon Douglas , and an added bit of dialog from Paul Gerard Smith make this one a lot of fun.Lovely Carole Landis is Ann Carrington , traveling to see her very ill father with her good pal Gail Richards -LRB- Joan Blondell -RRB- . A sniper shoots out the tire on their cab and the girls are stranded until Topper and his driver Eddie -LRB- Eddie `` Rochester '' Anderson -RRB- happen by and before you know it , and with reservations by Eddie , they are dropping off the two at the old haunted Carrington Castle . Cosmo -LRB- Roland Young -RRB- may think the only trouble he is in is from his wife -LRB- Billie Burke -RRB- but events will soon occur which will make that problem pale by comparison.It is obvious right away that someone wants Ann out of the way when a chandelier mysteriously falls from the ceiling and just misses its target . Landis is terrific as the soon-to-be wealthy Ann and Blondell shines as her wise-cracking friend fond of nice things . Gail 's penchant for luxury will be her undoing when Ann switches rooms with her friend so she can have the swanky one.Gail is murdered in the night and her ghost wants to know why . She walks on moonlit clouds to Topper 's house and , once again , Cosmo is having trouble with the netherworld . He 's also having trouble with Eddie , who sleeps in a full-length fur coat and wants nothing to do with spooks!Rochester nearly steals the film from Blondell and Young at this point . His reactions to Topper 's interaction with someone he ca n't see , followed by the discovery of the body , which soon disappears , has Eddie running back home to pack . His line about going back to Mr. Benny is an endearing reference for fans of old radio.Bille Burke has some hilarious moments when she comes to help Topper . Her conversation with the detective is priceless . Landis ' Ann has some nice moments also as a love interest develops with the cab driver . Blondell is great , of course , and Young does a nice job of being frustrated as usual.When Eddie has a confrontation with a seal and sees the missing body being taken to sea in an underground cavern just beneath the house , he and Cosmo and Gail are n't too far from solving the mystery.There is a fine ending to this fun and atmospheric mystery with a lot of humor . Landis and Blondell look great in gowns by Royer but get to show off their talent as well here . This is a topflight production with the easy likability of a good `` B '' film but the classy surroundings of an `` A '' film . An excellent time at the movies .
 I was thrilled to find this movie on DVD ! This has got to be the funniest movie I have ever seen ! I remember watching one Saturday afternoon when I was a child . My 11 year old loves it too ! No one can resist this movie !
 I love this movie ! I had n't seen it in years , but remembered loving it , so today I watched it . I love it . It 's funny , mysterious , and dramatic . Plus it 's always nice to watch an oldie and realize how different they are from today 's . I would definately reccomend this !!
 Skip `` The Philadelphia Story '' and `` Adam ` s Rib '' . T H I S is the all-time comedy of the golden age . Right , it i s a lowbudget comedy , but it does n`t matter . The performances and the lines has not dated 1 bit . You ` ll see STAR performances from Billie Burke , Roland Young , Rochester and ... . no this is n`t fair
 This movie is a classic ! It is one of our all-time favorites . One of those old black and white murder-mystery-comedy movies of the golden age that we can watch again and again . Very enjoyable .
 And he 's got a carload of women ! Actually , not a carload , just two ... One of whom happens to be a ghost ! She drags topper to an old creepy house to find out who killed her . The house happens to be full of all sorts of secret passages , and WEIRD personalities.And of course , Mrs. Topper suspects that the young lady who got Cosmo over here is ` the other woman ' . This movie is truly funny , and it 's backed up by Eddie , or Rochester , Jack Benny 's Valet . A Must-See !
 This is the first Topper I 've seen minus Cary Grant . But Joan Blondell holds her own and carries the day . There are constant laughs to be had here and frequent giggles , the biggest instigator of them being the briskly clever dialogue and the performance of Eddie -LRB- Rochester -RRB- Anderson , who for many years performed with Jack Benny . His terror at the `` ghostly '' goings on is replete with humor.It is a pleasure to see a young Dennis O'Keefe acting opposite Carole Landis , sweet , beautiful and a fine actress -LRB- what a tragedy she committed suicide over an ill-fated love affair with the then married Rex Harrison - or should I say what a waste , since in this film she displayed such potential as an actress -RRB- . And there is a wonderful , laugh till your sides split , performance by Billie Burke , who lets all the stops out in this one . She seems to relish her role and uses her up and down tremolo voice , sometimes raising it to a hilarious screech . This is definitely one of her best films.Watch it and have fun ! Because it 's a fun movie at heart .
 I couldnt believe my eyes when I saw that Topper Returns was on DVD . I never thought I would even get to own this movie on VHS ... availability was scarce ... however after just accidentally websurfing through amazon.com I saw this DVD was available I knew I had to have it . I never enjoyed such a movie . . I laughed so hard at this movie when I was younger . I look forward to viewing it again and re-living memories .
 Your whole family should enjoy this hysterically funny suspense/comedy that stars Topper and a blonde ghost . Hal Roach lavished this l941 production with opulent sets -- especially that enormous mansion where all the action takes place -- and a dazzling cast of comedians and supporting actors . Joan Blondell plays the curaveous ghost who wants Roland Young -LRB- Topper -RRB- to help find the villain who killed her . Billie Burke is in top form as the ditzy , screaming Mrs. Topper . But its Rochester who steals all of his scenes with his double-takes and priceless one-liners . Patsy Kelly is terrific as Mrs. Topper 's long-suffering maid . `` Topper Returns '' is that rare example where the third episode of a series is ten times better than the original `` Topper '' -LRB- 1937 . You ca n't go wrong with this comedy to watch with your family or laugh like a hyena alone in your own home .
 I would recommend this movie to anyone . If you 're an experienced fan of OFF -LRB- Our Favorite Family -RRB- than these two fine episodes will bring back the magic that the show held . If you 're new to The Simpsons these are two great episodes to get you started . `` The Way We Was '' is a great flashback to Homer and Marge 's high school years , and it has become one of the all time classic episodes . `` Homer vs. Lisa & The 8th Commandment '' is rich in laughs and plot material . Lisa is n't the whiny preacher she became in later seasons , and Homer makes this episode . Two of the best ever ! Buy this now !
 This video has two of the greatest episodes ! This is full of comedy ! A great addition for every Simpsons fan !
 Ca n't seem to rate items anymore without writing a review .
 `` Rebus Set 3 , '' as seen on BBC America , is newly-released . It was made by Britain 's Independent Television -LRB- ITV -RRB- , although it 's being seen on the BBC channel on these shores . Like the others in this superb series , it 's a police procedural excellently filmed in Edinburgh , though not the bits of it with which tourists are familiar . Furthermore , scenes , whether on the streets or in the police station , are crowded with people and cars , of correct-looking vintage , rushing around . The people have also apparently been encouraged to speak in the local dialect , which adds immeasurably to the engrossing `` foreign '' flavor of these productions ; although the dialog might be impenetrable to those of us on these shores without the unadvertised subtitles thoughtfully provided by Acorn . The series is , of course , based on the Inspector Rebus novels , also set in Edinburgh , written by prize-winning , best selling Scottish author Ian Rankin . He 's tipped by such of his colleagues as best-selling American crime novelist James Ellroy , as the progenitor and # 1 practitioner of `` tartan noir , `` the Scottish adaptation of noir fiction
 Rebus is an aquired taste -- but , then , so is great Islay single-malt . One might remember the `` original '' Rebus -- John Hannah , a fine actor completely over-matched by the character . But Ken Stott OWNS this guy ... much the same way that Alec Guiness so completely inhabited George Smiley that John LeCaree found it impossible to write more about the intelligence don.These shows are terrific -- and keep getting better . Let us pray that more are in the works . Nothing equals UK television -LRB- when it 's really good -RRB- and , most of all , that seemingly effortless , contained , deep British acting . It must be in the genes.One complaint
 I am a fanatic for the British style police and mystery shows.The Rebus series is down to earth , gritty and the main character often seems like the victim rather than the hero so he does not end up with smiles on his face and handshakes all aroung . He does solve the case -LRB- s -RRB- though and has a heart for the downtrodden , something lacking in most others . In other words , the series has gotten a little better each time out and I hope it does not end . On top of that , I have spent time in Scotland but still need the closed captions at times and this set has them .
 Ian Rankin 's ` Rebus ' police/procedural series , a series that takes place in Glasgow , was my favorite mystery novel . I read each one , savoring the cases and the man , Rebus . How could a television series replicate this man ? Well , it ca n't , but it comes darn close.I have always pictured , DI , Detective Inspector , Rebus as a rumble tumble guy , smokes and drinks too much . Grey haired , clothes a mess but clean , sort of . Ken Stott fits the bill , though I pictured Rebus a little taller . Too much of a ladies man is this Rebus , but , other than that , pretty close . DS , Detective Sargeant , Siohban Clarke , played by Claire Price , is exactly right . Slim , intelligent , thoughtful , pretty , and independent . Detective Chief Superintendent , Gill Templar , played by Jennifer Black is superb . Just the right amount of bossiness and attractive , to boot . These are the three that appear in each of the episodes . The hair styles may change with Siohban andbTemplar , but Rebus remains , Rebus , always the same.The cases are taken from Ian Rankin 's books , but there the similarity changes . Not much is the same , and the storyline is either changed or exemplified for television . However , they are engrossing , and though many try to take Rebus down , no one succeeds . The scenes of Glasgow are much like I pictured , and they bring the storyline much to the fore.There are two different Rebus , one is younger and not to my liking . I much prefer the older version in Ken Stott . This is a more realistic , hard edged , and hard nosed Rebus . Some morals left , but his real job is to solve the crime , and if you get away , he promises to find you.Highly Recommended . prisrob 08-04-12Let It Bleed -LRB- Inspector Rebus Mysteries -RRB- Rebus - Set 2
 This set is excellent ! If you enjoy crime drama 's then this is a series for you ! It is not exactly treu to the books and some plots are completely different but still awesome ! You have to pay close attention though . Good twists , turns and characters : -RRB-
 WHAT SETS `` REBUS '' APART FROM MOST OTHER DETECTICE SHOWS IS HIS DOGGED SEARCH FOR THE TRUTH NO MATTER WHOSE FEATHERS HE RUFFLES . EACH TIME SOMEONE `` SUGGESTS '' HE BACK OFF A BIT OR ALTOGETHER HE BECOMES A PIT BULL IN HIS EFFORT TO SOLVE THE CRIME . ONE OF THE BEST DRAMAS GOING
 I was thrilled with the service and product and would definitely buy from shis source sgain .
 Why are the British so good at these murder mysteries ? You will want the entire set .
 I expected this programme to cover the same old ground of enigma , but in fact it runs for nearly 3 hours and covers some fascinating stuff I 've never seen in any other codebreaking programme . It goes right back to World War I for example , and covers Japanese codes and Pearl Harbour . Its fascinating .
 It is just not possible to give a full account of WW2 Allied cryptology in one 140 minutes documentary . This version leaves out altogether the breaking of the German encrypted teleprinter used for high level communications . Thus the role of signals intelligence in checking that the Fortitude deception operations designed to conceal the the coming invasion of Normandy had in fact succeeded is passed over . But this omission leaves space to describe the Battle of the Atlantic in some detail . Churchill had said that the one thing that really scared him in the war was the attack by submarines on the shipping needed to keep Britain going . The documentary does find space for much about the breaking of the various Enigma systems . But again something else has to go , and it is about another submarine blockade , this time of Japan by American submarines . Some serious misapprehensions about the attack on the principal operational cipher systems of the Japanese Navy are passed on . In particular the role of the British in breaking into JN-25A in 1939-1940 and JN-25B in 1941-1942 do not get a mention . The technical work by the production crew seems first class . In summary , this DVD is misleading in parts , incomplete but still presents an interesting introduction to its subject .
 This documentary is most informative . The editing is excellent and and it is facinating to see the brilliance and dedication the US and UK spy networks . A must see for anyone interested in the subject . It is also very entertaining ,
 I 've always thought the breaking of the Enigma code was super-human , and this documentary goes into great detail about the men and women who did the impossible , and changed the outcome of the war.Great WWII footage too . Thumbs up !
 An informative brief history of the role of code-breaking in WWI and WWII . Makes clear the role of science and technology in modern warfare .
 Five WONDERFUL Stars ! This DVD is a visual and aural double pleasure
 Uchida 's interpretation and playing of this Beethoven piano concerto is brilliant ... one ot the best , if not the best , I 've heard .
 Concerto for Piano and Orchestra No. 4 op. 58 G major by Ludwig van BeethovenRosamunde D 797 Overture No. 1a by Franz SchubertConcerto for Oboe , Violin and Strings No. 9 by Johann Sebastian BachPulcinella -LRB- Suite 1922 -RRB- by Igor Stravinsky
 Mitsuko Ushida is one of the great , great piano players in actuality and that 's why i 'm trying to complete a full discography of hers .
 These guys are not Larry , Bill , Jeff or Ron but they are funny new guys on the stage . Looking foward to more .
 It is well worth it just for Cap . He is funny as H # $ % . The others are good too but I find myself watching Cap over and over .
 This documentary was good ! It talks about the real truth about Jim Jones ! And I Quote people were blinded by this coward and has mislead them about taking them to the promise land , and that 's how people were killed , a few survived . And his wife `` Merciline '' is responsible for the people at the temple as well . it is a sad story . A real sad story.It really breaks my heart to see people died in vain ! Just remember things ai n't always peaches and cream.Dee SmallsDecatur GA
 An interesting piece on the effects of religion on society and the gullibility of people in general . It is interesting that this PBS production did n't mention Jones ' love of Socialism and Communism as a way of life ; but that 's part of the PBS agenda . Our Heavenly Father warns all of us in the scriptures about such false prophets and false messiahs , and this is a perfect example of such . The parallels and correlations between Jones and so many other religions is amazing , and one should view this documentary with a view to their own personal situation in their religion .
 I ordered Jonestown PBS Home Video and had already seen the movie years ago . It was like watching the movie with him and the real people in it . Awesome job . And shipping was within days , worth the price . I would recommend this movie and buying it here !!!!!
 `` Jonestown
 There have been several films , documentaries as well as docudramas , about Jonestown , and the first hour of this documentary does n't offer much new information . The thing that makes it stand out from the rest is the last half hour , which includes footage from the last day in Jonestown and interviews with several members - at least two of which were there on November 18th , who escaped into the jungle - and members of Leo Ryan 's group of visitors.The movie never really tries to explain why it happened and it does n't answer all the questions the vierer may have , but it is still definately worth watching , especially for the last half hour and for the interviews .
 This is by far the best documentation of the Peoples Temple and the JonesTown tragedy !
 I first watched this special on PBS just channel surfing . Never had I seen a documantary that sent chills up and down my arm . I was very young when all this was taking place , but I remember the movie that was made about this sinister act . Well , the movie did not do the actual events any justice ! The thing that really got me was hearing the screams of the mothers and children as death succumbs the entire congregation.Everybody can not handle `` in your face '' truth like this , but if you can , I suggest you see this documentary , if just to be aware how quick you can be `` spiritually '' seduced my evildoers . .
 In each article , tv special or book about cults , Jonestown ca n't be missing . The cult with the largest number of victims in recent history is something to be studied and why many people still believe in those false prophets is not exactly a mistery , but not enterely understood.Reading about sects and cults all over the world is good information to avoid of joining one . In the case of People 's Temple , leaded by Jim Jones , there were many things that the people inside could n't see as an obvious alert , like someone said `` you do n't want to get out because you do n't even know you 're in '' , if you do n't see the smoke is because is your building that 's on fire.The aspects about what a leader is are all in Jim Jones , charismatic , charming , articulated , and able to manipulate the most people he wanted . Now , the difference between a leader of a religion , -LRB- the pope , a priest , rabbi , etc. -RRB- is they represent an authority inside of a religion , if one of them die , there will be another one . In the case of the leader of a sect , they do n't represent god , they ARE gods . In the words of Jim Jones `` If you see me as your friend , I 'll be your friend , if you see me as your father , I 'll be your father , if you see me as your god , I 'll be your god '' They do n't tolerate anyone who 's against them and take all critics as a personal offense to them , like a betrayal.About the followers , mainly is people who 's looking for something , maybe is in troubles , sick , unemployed or facing a personal crisis -LRB- a divorce , a death , a difficult disease -RRB- The dvd is highly recommended , the whole evolution of Jim Jones since he was a kid obsessed with religion and death to the beginning of People 's Temple -LRB- full of `` miracles '' made by Jim Jones -RRB- , to their move to Guyana and the unavoidable death of his followers is something worthy to be studied.How can we know we 're facing a cult ? If the group demands important changes in your personality -LRB- change of clothes , the name , the way of talking or thinking -RRB- . If the group affects the relation you have with the family , friends , colleagues or couples or the entire world -LRB- `` the rest of the world is evil ... '' `` the family and friends do n't really love you , etc. '' -RRB- . If the group demands work beyond the human strenght -LRB- lack of food , sleep , excessive work -RRB- , massive confessions , `` bomb of love '' . If the group demands a `` proof of faith '' with acts that are against moral or common sense.A cult can be destructive only if you let them .
 Wow . this movie is definitely one that should be watched . so sad . so many people deceived . `` Beware of false prophets , which come to you in sheep 's clothing , but inwardly they are ravening wolves.Ye shall know them by their fruits . '' Matthew 7:15 -16
 If I 'm reviewing the documentary , I 'd say this is the best one out ! It gives you all the details in awesome , suspenseful , dramatic fashion . And there is even a whole slew of extras ! When I found out about this cult , the first time , I have to admit I got a little obsessed and did a huge amount of research on it and watched a lot of documentaries , and none of them serve this horrifying tale better than the PBS movie ... a must-see !
 Jonestown / B000MTFFUOI would hazard a guess that the hardest aspect of making a documentary is picking and choosing which material makes the final cut . It 's obviously impossible to condense every intriguing detail of the life of Jim Jones and the history of his ill-fated church into a documentary format that wo n't exceed a length of a couple of hours.Although the subtitle of this documentary is `` The Life and Death of Peoples Temple '' , `` Jonestown '' would probably be more accurately subtitled as `` The Life and Death of Jim Jones '' . A decent chunk of time is devoted to Jones ' early life and childhood , all of which is interesting , although the portions on his early life as a preacher start to feel a little drawn out and focus , in my opinion , a little too hard on the black/white aspect of Jones ' churches . -LRB- Numerous interview subjects say things like `` Jim was really a black preacher '' and `` The Temple was a black church '' and while I understand that these statements are meant to partly convey the unusual integration of the temple as well as the worship style in particular , the narrow scope on race relations in the church seems unnecessary especially since it is not particularly surprising that a disturbed megalomaniac would welcome anyone willing to contribute to his empire , regardless of race . Then again , I can see how this revolutionary aspect could be fascinating to some viewers , depending on your specific historical interests . -RRB- As interesting as Jones ' childhood and early career are , by necessity that focus on the ` early years ' means that less screen time is devoted to the inner workings of the Peoples Temple in its heyday . This is , in my opinion , the documentary 's greatest failing - a lot of amazing and shocking information is dispensed rapidly through the middle of the documentary , leaving as many questions as answers . What are we to make of assertions that Jones ' insisted he was the ` only heterosexual man ' on earth , and that he was sexually involved with the majority of his congregation , regardless of gender ? I would like to understand how that worked without many of his lovers becoming jealous or disillusioned ; for that matter , I would like to understand why more of the heterosexual , married men did n't find this particular trend a basis for concern . And then there are details like the ` strip board meeting ' scene that simply boggles the mind that apparently Jones ' influence was so strong that no one walked out of that meeting then and there . Or perhaps they did - most of the ` long ' interviews are with ex-cult members who survived the massacre ; it would be nice to hear from some of the people who left early on and to understand why they did so.Also of interest is the aspect that the elderly members were encouraged to deed all their property to the temple , in exchange for free assisted living ... which was then provided by temple volunteers , allowing Jones to pocket 100 % profit - some details on how many people and how much money was involved would be highly interesting.Don ' t let my criticisms deter you from watching `` Jonestown '' - the documentary is fascinating , and I learned a great deal about the Peoples Temple thanks to this effort . The production is wonderful and the interviews , voice-overs , and scene cuts are all done very skillfully - this is definitely a high quality documentary . Surprisingly , the tone of the documentary seems fairly neutral and sensitive and refrains from openly or excessively criticizing Jones or the temple members , preferring to let the evidence speak for itself , rather than descending into a morality play , and I do appreciate that - it 's nice to see a documentary allow the viewer to come to their own conclusion rather than trying to force an author viewpoint -LRB- evil/deranged/sick / misunderstood/victim/etc . -RRB- onto us . My only regret is that this documentary could n't be longer , but since one of the interview subjects has also written a book on the subject , I take the documentary 's informational gaps as incentive to read more about this tragic event . ~ Ana Mardoll
 `` Jonestown-The Life and Death of The People 's Temple '' is the best of the documentaries about Jonestown available . It is less sensational than the `` made for TV movie specials '' I have seen on this subject . `` Jonestown '' contains great footage of Jim Jones preaching and children singing `` Welcome '' in the San Francisco location . As with most PBS documentaries , the information is presented in a straight-forward style , without commentary or question . Most important to the documentary are the interviews with Jonestown survivors . Their stories do the most for explaining what happened and why they were drawn in to the church.But this documentary has a lot of holes in it . Many of the deepest questions that remain about Jonestown are not answered by this documentary . The interviewer does not ask one survivor to explain his/her escape . One interviewee explains how he was next to his wife and baby when they were given the cyanide flavor-aid . His wife died in his arms . From that point you never hear what happened to him or how he escaped death . Another survivor says a kid bumped into him , fell to the ground and died . He then comments `` then he knew it was real '' . But we never hear how he gets away if there were people with guns keeping him and everyone else in.Curious about these unanswered questions , I went digging around on the net and was very suprised at the information I found . The most illuminating piece of information available is something called the `` Jonestown Death Tape '' . This is a tape of the temple meeting after the Senator was killed . If was released , with 900 other tapes , by the FBI last year . You can listen to the tape on many sites , or you can read a transcript . On the tape , temple members discuss the death of the Senator with Jim Jones for about 45 mintues . I was always under the impression that most people were coerced into killing themselves . Amazingly , most peoople profess to being happy to die . One lady even stands up and asks that her child Teddy be given something now and she will be satisfied . Many members express disappointment over the white people that deserted with the senator 's group . The desertion makes them doubt their noble experiment in equality and race relations . Many people say they have no life back in San Francisco . They tell `` father '' he gave them the best days of their lives . You can also hear the full exchange between Christine Miller and Jim Jones that is mentioned in this DVD . Christine Miller is not immediately shot down when she brings up her questions about Russia on the tape even through the interviewees in this documentary state that she is.Despite the morbidity , the tape is a good thing to listen to before or after you watch `` Jonestown '' . The death tape addresses the questions left unaddressed by the Jonestown DVD , but be warned that it will leave you with other questions unlikely to be answered until all information about Jonestown is declassified . For example , Jim Jones makes statements on the tape that leave you wondering if the victims found with gun shot wounds or needle marks were n't given them after voluntarily drinking cyanide so that Jim Jones could make it seem like he and his followers were attacked and be viewed as martyrs . We 'll never know because autopsies were n't performed on the bodies . And many people on the tape mention 1200 people being in the temple that day . What happened to the other 300 ? How did the 16 escape ? Why does Jim Jones whisper to his assitant that `` they only have 40 minutes left '' ? The questions go on and on.Be warned , the tape is not for the faint of heart . It contains the clear cries of children dying while temple members discuss their situation . But you will hear how and why 900 people died in Guyana that day . Amazingly , they were n't bullied . A lot of group mentality took over . Also , you 'll hear clear parallels between Jonestown and Waco . You 'll hear Jim Jones telling his followers they are in a `` compound situation '' and everyone decides they are willing to take their own life rather than face attack . From there it 's not difficult to imagine what happened at Waco . Both Waco and Jonestown came under scrutiny because of custody battles . Did Jonestown clearly foreshadow Waco ?
 Jonestown
 I wanted to know the full story of this massacre and how Jim Jones actually started . It was quite informative . . Sad
 I was a senior in high school when this happened , and have always been fascinated by this tragedy . I love this video , and how it takes you step by step through the events that led up to the mass suicide . There are interviews with those who managed to escape , and you get a real insight as to how he was able to gain such powerful mind control over these people .
 LIKE LAMBS TO THE SLAUGHTER . The final chapter of the history of JONESTOWN . I watched , and read all the news about the final chapter of REV JIM JONES and the PEOPLES TEMPLE . I classified it as a mass suicide , rather than a massacre . Everything began to turn go wrong when Congressman Ryan and his followers arrived in GUYANA to investigate the rumours they had been hearing that all was not well at the Peoples Temple . While they were there , everything seemed just fine . There were smiles on all the residents faces , everyone looked very happy and contented . And the Congressman was about to leave convinced that these rumours they had bee hearing were not true at all . But alas , someone passesd a note to one of his entourage that they wanted out . Then more said they wanted to leave that place , then began chaos at the people temple , followed by shootings at the air strip . When it was discoverd of the mass suicide and 900 decaying corpses bakeing in the hot sun of the GUYANA JUNGLE . It was thought that many had run into the jungle and were all hideing in there . They even used loudspeakers to call all the people out , and telling them they were safe now , to please come out . But there were only just six people who fled into the jungle , all the rest of the people were dead . I listened to one JONESTOWN survivor tell as he said he left his little son there in the care of REV JIM JONES but wanted to get out himself . To make that kind of decision he must have thought his son was going to be well cared for . Rev Jones must have had extraordinary power over people . these kind of people are born with this power , and everyone becomes just putty in their hands . A very good documentary that shows you how they worked and built a beautiful village for themselves from the jungle . They grew there own food and they prosperd . Then a sudden turn of events caused Jim Jones to open a vat of poison , and every MAN , WOMAN , and CHILD that was there , includeing Jim Jones was deceased .
 This is a very graphic documentary about Jim Jones and the church he assembled called People 's Temple . The film follows the story of the beginning of the church to the tragic end with commentary by surviving church members . Commentary is also offered by members of the media who were present on that fateful day at the airstrip when gunmen attacked them as they tried to board an airplane to leave.There are many parts that contain the actual voice of Jim Jones spewing his propaganda . I would n't call anything I heard sermons or preaching . It seemed like a lot of brainwashing on his part to me . The trickery he employed using miracle healing is discussed and shown . It was mentioned often in the beginning by multiple people that there were a lot of things going on behind the scenes , but nothing was mentioned about how Jones was sexually manipulating a lot of the women . I was surprised about that , since I have watched other documentaries that put a great bit of emphasis on that aspect of what happened . Jones ' drug addiction was talked about some , but the main focus was on how many people died . It is very graphic in depicting the reality of the mass suicide.I think this a good documentary , but not very complete .
 This is a great documentary , but it really left out some MAJOR details . It never mentions the beatings and tortures that people were subject to in Jonestown . It does n't mention the long over-worked hours people spent in the crop fields . The fact that they were not fed substantial amounts of food . The fact that sex was not allowed , even by married couples . The closing credits list the family members lost to each ex-Temple member that was interviewed ... except Deborah Layton . Layton may be the most important person to mention because she was a key figure that started the investigations into Jonestown . She also wrote the book `` Seductive Poison
 Jones was one of the best B.S. artists of them all . Should be a wake-up call/eye-opener to anyone who thinks some all-knowing/anointed evangelist is going to show them the way to eternal salvation.Alas , there will always be enough naive types who will follow a loser like Jim Jones -- to their -LRB- likely -RRB- doom.It 's sad . Jones was n't / is n't the only lowlife/manipulator out to get what he can out of others .
 I was in the eighth grade in 1978 when the Jonestown massacre took place and remembered it well from nightly newscasts . I remember how preachers used the Jones tragedy as a cautionary tale against the dangers of cults . The late 70s were a time of mass confusion after the traumas of the 60s , Vietnam , and Watergate , and a lot of these confused people were looking for direction.This DVD does an excellent job of using archival footage and the recollections of survivors of Jim Jones ' sickness and lunacy -LRB- including his African-Americn adopted son Jim Jones Jr. -RRB- . To their credit , unlike most followers of cults and similar movements , no one among his former followers continues to defend him and all seem to accept the reality of how evil he actually was.As the story goes on , one really feels for the poor blacks , elderly people , and assorted sixties misfits who fall for Jones ' baloney . In most cases , its easy to mock the followers of such people as Jones as ignoramuses who should have known better , but to its credit , this film does n't do that . It makes clear that most of these people were rejected by everyone else in society and Jones was the only one who appreared to acknowledge their humanity , thus they fell for him hook , line , and sinker to where they were convinced to worship Jones instead of God . The scene of Jones telling a cheering crowd not to believe in a God they could not see is really frightening.The testimonies of former followers to Jones ' sexual preversion and vile public sexual humiliation of his flock is truly jaw-dropping . It is noteworthy to consider that he would not get into such antics until long after he convinced his following of his false divinity . All of course led to the ultimate tragedy of convincing his followers to move to a remote outpost in Guyana , South America , and to commit mass suicide.The Jonestown tragedy has receded in public memory due to the many events in recent history that have eclipsed it , but as Elijah Muhammad 's biographer Claude Clegg correctly put it , `` In times of crisis , charlatans fare well . '' This film serves as a timely reminder for succeeding generations to understand the dangers of surrendering one 's mind to charasmatic `` leaders '' and false prophets . Check out Matthew 24:24 while you 're at it .
 Jonestown , Guyana tragedy is still one of those tragedies that scare and fascinate me at the same time . The idea of people willingly drinking cynaide kool aid and dying under the burning sun . This DVD edition of Jonestown does not do enough in my opinion to help understand the situation . Deborah Layton 's book , Seductive Poison , helped me gain a better understanding of the absolute horrors of Jonestown and how Jim Jones evolved from a good willing minister to a monster . Cults do n't just pop up overnight . Jim Jones reached out to the disadvantaged and vulnerable like a predator stalking his prey . Once he lured them under his spell , he stripped them of their dignity , their finances , their free will , etc. . It was like he possessed his followers and controled their outcomes . They were beaten , humiliated , embarrassed , and mistreated . Some who left were considered traitors to the church and the cause . This documentary displayed men and women , black and white , who wanted a society where it was more family . Jonestown became an Orwellian nightmare by catastrophic proportions . Could it have been stopped or prevented ? Cults like the Peoples Temple start off well-spirited . The people like the members here felt that Jim who was charismatic and charming the pants of anybody lured them into his web . Once under his web , you were robbed of everything that made you an individual . Jim Jones feasted on the souls and the minds of his followers like a drug addict which he later became . The last day was the most horrifying to see those images of people lying together after drinking the poison . Tim Carter , one of the few survivors , recalled his wife and child drinking the poison and dying . Another survivor recalled laying his wife next to her grandmother on the ground . On November 18 , 2008 , it will mark 30 years of that tragic day . We forget such tragedies like Jonestown and Pan Am 103 . Maybe the American public needs to be reminded of these events to help our future . You have to beware people like Jim Jones . I would have liked to see Stephen Jones , his son , in this documentary . I was glad for the final montage of pictures of those who died . They were murdered . They did not go willingly . After all , many of the followers were simply exhausted . In the interviews here , I did n't realize that the People 's Temple Members were overworked , exhausted , and felt guilty for being tired . Exhaustion especially by Jim Jones ' orders were sheer torture . Imagine being up for days working for your church while Jim Jones lived like a king but yet his followers did the work and were n't rewarded by him . Layton writes a lot more in her book which I recommend since it brings us to understand how she fell for him like so many other followers . Their loss is our loss in America . A third of the victims were children on November 18 , 1978 . I was five years old when it happened . I 'm still haunted by it . I 'm still shocked that a congressman like Leo Ryan was gunned down and the guilt of his death was brought upon the members by Jim Jones . The lies of Jim Jones was just outrageous and hard to believe . Layton writes about the white nights that occurred when Jim Jones called everybody to the Pavillion . The brainwashing was constant and lack of contact to the outside world was non-existent . Deborah Layton was one of the lucky ones to get out but she did n't forget the others including her brother who survived and her mother who died a week before Ryan 's visit . They did n't mention Sharon Harris who was one of Jones ' righthand zealot followers who killed her three children and herself in Georgetown only because Jones ordered her too . The others did n't in Georgetown that included his sons . There is still so much and there was that haunting letter telling us to keep investigating this tragedy to prevent another one . We are foolish to think that we ca n't be fooled when we know that smart , intelligent , wise , people are equally fooled as everybody else . Jim Jones was a master predator because he sought people who were vulnerable , insecure , ignored , etc. . He preyed on their insecurities , isolation , abandonment worse than any predator could do . He robbed so many people of their lives , their homes , their finances , their health , their minds , their souls , and finally in the end , their lives . By the time , Jim Jones orchestrated his revolutionary protest or the mass murder at the pavillion , he had their souls and minds . Their bodies were just the shell that was carrying them around . It was Jones who dictated what they ate , heard , saw , etc. by then . He created a hell on earth that he masqueraded and sold as paradise . When the people came into Jonestown , they had no idea that it was really based more on the concentration camp during World War II . Only in those camps , people had more freedom than they did in Jonestown . Because once you entered Jonestown , there was no way out . We must not forget the lessons of Jonestown even now as if it was distant history .
 Two films came out this year on Jonestown , the Discovery Channel , `` Jonestown Paradise Lost '' and `` Jonestown
 `` Jonestown '' was originally a PBS `` American Experience '' program . It is presented only in the form of archival footage of the People 's Temple and survivor interviews . There are no interviews of sociologists and there is no narration . This format is very powerful.The DVD has good extras , including a touching interview with the director and some informative deleted scenes . The program has more information about the survivors interviewed during the final credits , so do n't turn it off until the very end to see everything.This program is horrifying and depressing , but IMHO , something that is important to watch because it illustrates very well how religion-based psychological and intellectual submission can , in the space of a few years , turn good people into slaves and good intentions into tragedy . I recommend watching `` Jonestown '' early in the evening , then watch something fun like `` Wallace and Gromit '' before you go to bed!One note of caution . While it might be appropriate - even important - to watch this film with a strong-minded and mature teenager , young children should not be present while it 's viewed.I woke up with the following thoughts the morning after I watched the film -LRB- Unfortunately , I did not follow `` Jonestown '' with `` W&G ; , '' so I went to sleep very agitated -RRB- : Jim Jones and his People 's Temple had a lot in common with many of today 's -LRB- and history 's -RRB- religious leaders and religious groups . Do any of these things sound familiar?A CHARISMATIC AND PATERNALISTIC LEADER offers distressed and idealistic people hope - `` new life '' - and a profound sense of community . He tells the downtrodden that they are no longer `` lost , '' that they are special indeed . He provides his followers a sense of superiority to the `` worldly heathen '' - which also instills fear of outsiders . He interprets scriptures , and chooses passages , in a manner conforming to the psychological needs and existing beliefs of his audience . He makes tithing a moral duty and a necessity for full membership . He presents himself literally as a wise and knowing `` father , '' but eventually uses that status as a tool for abuse and self-gratification , sexually and otherwise . He develops an `` inner circle '' of people willing to do his bidding in an increasingly unquestioning manner . Once a solid group of followers is formed , he begins to teach that to leave the group is to `` blaspheme '' and that misery will befall those who leave , when in fact the greater misery is found by those who remain.THE MEETINGS / SERVICES skillfully employ music and rousing speeches to excite the audience . The assembled people are asked to greet and embrace the people around them , which serves to increase solidarity , and whether by design or happenstance , to expose and create discomfort among the hesitant and the skeptical . Phony healings are part of the proceedings.THE FOLLOWERS are a mix of individuals , but in general are characterized by either very difficult personal/social/economic backgrounds or by a deep sense of idealism . The leader 's message promises hope and equality to the former - a feast for their starving psyches . For the merely idealistic , passions for love , community , and justice are inflamed.Almost all of the followers are essentially decent and good people , but tend to be psychologically needy in one way or another . The tremendous sense of hope , of caring community , and the promise of utopia -LRB- in this life or the next -RRB- offered by the leader and his belief system causes the followers to suppress whatever critical faculties they might possess.All of the above describes Jim Jones and his People 's Temple . At least some of the above describes a zillion other religious groups , though of course very few come to such an horrific end.However , if you watch this film , consider the point at which the People 's Temple situation began to produce more harm than good . I think that point came long - very long - before the Kool-Aid was prepared . In fact , it came at a point where thousands - maybe hundreds of thousands - of churches , mosques , and synagogues operate every day - where doctrine , community , and leadership become more important than reason and reality . This is the point where , to be precise , the people become `` as children '' or `` humble sheep . `` Also , this program serves , in my opinion , to bolster the contention , recently made most vigorously by author Sam Harris , that religion is , and has always been , the most effective vehicle of mindsets that lead to senseless violence . Terrible ideologies and `` leader worship '' sometimes come in secular form , but history and any daily newspaper both show that nothing creates dangerous zealots like the idea that one is doing `` the Will of God '' on your way to heaven.In the case of the People 's Temple , Jim Jones skillfully combined his charisma with a Christian/socialist ideology - a devastating mixture long before the final Kool-Aid was prepared . But without his Pentecostal training , his ability to claim the authority of God -LRB- indeed , to be God -RRB- , and without the concepts of heaven and hell , his reign would very likely have ended far sooner and with far fewer than 909 deaths.The physicist Stephen Weinberg said , `` With or without religion , you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things . But for good people to do evil things , that takes religion . '' I would add only the words `` almost always '' before the words `` takes religion . ''
